<doc id="36723382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723382" title="Salman A. Al-Ansari">
Salman A. Al-Ansari

Salman A. Al Ansari is a lawyer and former national football player who works as a partner at Al-Ansari & Associates, a full-service law firm with practices in the transactional, corporate, litigation, and regulatory areas.
Education and career.
Salman A. Al-Ansari graduated from Qatar University with Bachelor of Laws (LLB) in 2004. While at Qatar University, he was playing at Al Rayyan Sports Club and the Qatar national football team until 2005 where he had a heart surgery. In 2006, he attended the University of Pennsylvania Law School from which he graduated with Master of Laws (LLM) in 2007. In 2013, Salman attended HEC Paris and was awarded EMBA. 
Salman started lecturing at Qatar University College of Law directly after his graduation from University of Pennsylvania Law School for three years. During that time, he was able to introduce the first legal writing program which evolved to be a legal research and writing module then a center under Qatar University College of Law.
After leaving Qatar University, Salman joined Patton Boggs LLP, where he was the first Qatari national to be on partnership track in a leading foreign law firm. He joined Al-Ansari & Associates after Patton Boggs, where he helped reshape the firm's strategy and relaunched its identity to focus on delivering Qatar law. 
In addition to his job at Al-Ansari & Associates, Salman is a visiting lecturer at Qatar University College of Law. He spoke in the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Annual International Legal Forum organized by ExxonMobil. In addition to workshops delivered for the Family Supreme Council, Roudha Center and Georgetown University - Qatar Women Society. He published an article regarding the financial sector restructuring in Qatar.

</doc>
<doc id="36723391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723391" title="Qaleh Hajji">
Qaleh Hajji

Qaleh Hajji (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Ḩājjī) is a village in Dehmolla Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 160, in 53 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723402" title="Rahanjan">
Rahanjan

Rahanjan (, also Romanized as Rāhanjān) is a village in Dehmolla Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 356, in 97 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723407" title="Bedasht">
Bedasht

Bedasht (; also Romanized as Badasht) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 466, in 143 families. 
A conference of Bábís was held there in 1848; see Conference of Badasht.

</doc>
<doc id="36723410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723410" title="Tinning (surname)">
Tinning (surname)

Tinning is a surname and it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36723413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723413" title="Troy Tomlinson">
Troy Tomlinson

Troy Tomlinson (born January 18, 1964) is an American businessman and the president and CEO of Sony/ATV Music Publishing – Nashville.
Personal.
Tomlinson was born and raised in Portland, TN, the son of Ella and Vernon Tomlinson. He spent his early childhood roaming the 80 acres of farmland his parents owned with his younger brother, Tim. He graduated from Portland High School in 1982. In 1987, Tomlinson married Sylvia Keith. They have two children and two grandchildren. Tomlinson enjoys reading, cigars, wine, and riding 4-wheelers with his son and grandsons.
Career.
After high school, Tomlinson pursued what he thought was his lifelong vocation as a machinist. His first job following graduation was an apprenticeship position at a plastics company in Portland. While working there, he received second and third degree burns on both hands. At the time, a new acquaintance of his, Cliff Williamson, was searching for a trainee song-plugger at a newly formed publishing company, Multimedia Entertainment in Nashville. Williamson heard of Tomlinson’s accident and in 1983, he hired Tomlinson and started him on what was to be his life work, music publishing.
After Multimedia was sold, one of Tomlinson’s songwriters, Don King, asked Tomlinson to help him start his own company. Not long thereafter, Muscle Shoals studio mogul Rick Hall tapped Tomlinson to run the Nashville division of Hall’s publishing company, Fame Music Group.
In 1988 Tomlinson caught the attention of Jerry Bradley, who had become president of Gaylord Entertainment’s 16th Avenue Records and Acuff-Rose Music Publishing. Bradley brought Tomlinson to Acuff-Rose, where he worked with famed songwriters Dean Dillon, Skip Ewing, Jim Weatherly, and Whitey Shafer, among others. Tomlinson is also credited with the discovery of Kenny Chesney, the Country Music Association’s four time Entertainer of the Year. While at Acuff-Rose, he secured hit recordings by platinum artists Alabama, Collin Raye, Conway Twitty, Reba McEntire, Randy Travis, Tracy Byrd, Gary Allan, George Strait, and Bryan White. He also obtained a record deal at RCA Records for platinum artist, Aaron Tippin. During Tomlinson’s 14 years at Acuff-Rose Music Publishing, he rose through the ranks to the position of Executive Vice President of Acuff-Rose Music Publishing.
In the summer of 2002, Gaylord Entertainment sold Acuff-Rose to Sony/ATV Music Publishing, which had previously purchased Tree International, Acuff-Rose’s perennial rival. Tomlinson was asked by then President/CEO, Donna Hilley, to join the company as Vice President of Creative.
In 2005, Tomlinson succeeded Hilley as President/CEO of Sony/ATV Music Publishing Nashville. While continuing to work with the aforementioned artists, he has also overseen the songwriting careers of artists such as Taylor Swift, Kenny Chesney, Miranda Lambert, Luke Bryan, Eric Church, Blake Shelton, Gary Levox (Rascal Flatts), The Band Perry, Johnnyswim, and Cole Swindell. In addition to Sony/ATV Music Publishing’s writer/artists, Tomlinson also guides the careers of hit songwriters Bill Anderson, Bobby Braddock, Bob DiPiero, Tom Douglas, Casey Beathard and Tony Martin to name a few. He is responsible for stewarding the massive song catalogs of Hank Williams, Merle Haggard, Willie Nelson, Buck Owens, Hank Cochran, Roy Acuff and the Everly Brothers. Under Tomlinson’s leadership in 2007, Sony/ATV Music Publishing Nashville became the only country music publishing company in history to win the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers’ (ASCAP) Country Publisher of the Year, Broadcast Music International’s (BMI) Country Publisher of the Year, the Society of European Stage Authors and Composers’ (SESAC) Country Publisher of the Year, and Billboard’s Publisher and Publishing Corporation of the Year, the same year. Additionally, Sony/ATV Music Publishing Nashville has been named BMI’s Publisher of the Year for an unprecedented 12 consecutive years, as well as Billboard’s Country Publisher of the Year for the same time period.
In July 2012, with Sony’s acquisition of EMI Music Publishing, Tomlinson added to his responsibilities the songs of Kris Kristofferson, Dennis Linde, Guy Clark, John Bettis, Chris Young, Dallas Davidson, Rhett Akins, Alan Jackson, Ross Copperman, Brad Warren (The Warren Brothers), Brett Warren (The Warren Brothers), and Thomas Rhett to name a few.

</doc>
<doc id="36723418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723418" title="Dizaj, Semnan">
Dizaj, Semnan

Dizaj (, also Romanized as Dīzaj and Dīzej; also known as Deh-e Sīq, Deh-i-Siq, Deh Sīb, and Dezej) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,879, in 554 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723431" title="Koji Steven Sakai">
Koji Steven Sakai

Koji Steven Sakai is an American screenwriter and producer. He has written the screenplay for "The People I've Slept With" (2009), a romantic comedy film directed by Quentin Lee and starring Karin Anna Cheung and Archie Kao as well as Wilson Cruz, Lynn Chen, Randall Park, James Shigeta and more. He also served as a producer for that film as well. Sakai has also co-written the screeplay for a horror film entitled "The Haunted Highway" (2006) along with Naoko Ihara Witmer and directed by Junichi Suzuki, which was distributed by Lions Gate DVD in 2005. He recently wrote and produced the "first Asian American serial killer film" entitled "Chink", starring Jason Tobin, Eugenia Yuan, Tzi Ma and more, which was directed by Stanley Yung and produced by Quentin Lee. For "Chink", lead actor Jason Tobin won a Special Jury Prize for Best Actor or "Breakout Performance" at the 2013 Los Angeles Asian Pacific Film Festival. 
In June 2012, Sakai's screenplay "Romeo, Juliet & Rosaline" was selected by Amazon Studios for its Movie Development Slate. The comedy script is co-written with Emily Brauer Rogers and focuses on Rosaline, Romeo’s original crush. His latest film, "Monster & Me", was released in November 2012.
Sakai has also graduated from the University of Southern California's Masters of Professional Writing program and has also held several filmmaking fellowships, including Visual Communications "Armed With A Camera" Fellowship for Emerging Media Artists and Film Independent's Project Involve. He currently lives in Los Angeles and is also affiliated with the Japanese American National Museum. He is also a contributor to 8-Asians.com and Discover Nikkei.

</doc>
<doc id="36723438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723438" title="Jeong Han">
Jeong Han

Jeong Han (born 1988) is a South Korean handball player. He was born in Seoul. He competed for the South Korean national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36723442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723442" title="Farahabad, Semnan">
Farahabad, Semnan

Farahabad (, also Romanized as Faraḩābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 143, in 37 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723443" title="Stephen Li-Chung Kuo">
Stephen Li-Chung Kuo

Stephen Li-Chung Kuo () (born July 27, 1990) is a Taiwanese-American figure skater who competes internationally for Taiwan in men's singles. He is a two-time Taiwanese national champion (2010–11) and placed 16th at the 2010 Four Continents.
Personal life.
Kuo was born on July 27, 1990, in Trenton, New Jersey. He is currently a college student and trains in Monmouth Junction, New Jersey, under the guidance of Roland Burghart. His hobbies include juggling, playing violin, reading, and music.
Skating career.
Kuo made his debut on the international scene at the 2009 World Junior Figure Skating Championships, representing Taiwan. He made his senior debut at the 2009 Nebelhorn Trophy in Oberstdorf, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="36723457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723457" title="Jafarabad, Semnan">
Jafarabad, Semnan

Jafarabad (, also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 80, in 28 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723462" title="Malwattai">
Malwattai

Malwattai is a rural village in the Ampara District situated within the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka. Most of the residents are minority Sri Lankan Tamils and are farmers. It was founded in 1954 as village in the jungle by refugees fleeing the burning and destruction of once larger Sri Lankan Tamil village of Veeramunai by some members of Muslim dominant Sammanthurai. Life was affected by the insurgency and counter insurgency operations during the Sri Lankan civil war. Members of the village were also present within the Hindu temple at Veeramunai as refugees when it was attacked by Home Guards from Sammanthurai on August 12, 1990 resulting in the death of 55 civilians. Subsequently the village was resettled by returning refugees.

</doc>
<doc id="36723472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723472" title="Kheyrabad, Shahrud">
Kheyrabad, Shahrud

Kheyrabad (, also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723474" title="Wang Mengyu">
Wang Mengyu

Wang Mengyu (born 25 May 1992) is a Chinese field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the China women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36723484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723484" title="Commercial bribery">
Commercial bribery

Commercial bribery is a form of bribery which involves corrupt dealing with the agents or employees of potential buyers to secure an advantage over business competitors. It is a form of corruption which does not necessarily involve government personnel or facilities.
One common type of commercial bribery is the kickback. For example, a seller of goods or services from "Company A" who offers the purchasing manager of "Company B" a payment to his own account to help him secure a contract for Company B's continued business is engaging in a form of commercial bribery.
Other related offenses are payola in the entertainment industry, match fixing in sports, corruption of labor union officials, and bid rigging in non-governmental contracts.
United States law.
There is no federal statute that by its terms expressly prohibits commercial bribery, though it is mentioned as part of the definition of aggravated felony for the purposes of United States immigration law. It is usually punishable as a felony under state law, depending on circumstances, but only 36 U.S. states have laws specifically prohibiting commercial bribery. Among them are California, Delaware, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, and Texas. However, the federal mail and wire fraud statutes can be used to prosecute commercial bribery as a "scheme or artifice to defraud" if the mail or interstate wire facilities are used. In addition, use of the mails or interstate travel or communication in furtherance of a violation of state commercial bribery laws may be prosecutable in Federal court under the Travel Act. As the penalties under the federal statutes may exceed the state penalties, and the federal investigative and enforcement agencies may have superior resources, often federal prosecution is favored.
New York's law against commercial bribery is contained in Article 180 of the state's penal code. It is one of the most extensive state laws against commercial bribery in the United States, and includes prohibitions against bribing labor officials, fixing sports contests, and rent gouging.

</doc>
<doc id="36723485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723485" title="Ma Wei">
Ma Wei

Ma Wei (born 19 December 1986) is a Chinese field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the China women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36723493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723493" title="Yunesabad, Semnan">
Yunesabad, Semnan

Yunesabad (, also Romanized as Yūnesābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 550, in 141 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723494" title="Sun Sinan">
Sun Sinan

Alix Gerniers (born 2 October 1988) is a Chinese field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the China women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36723499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723499" title="Cui Qiuxia">
Cui Qiuxia

Cui Qiuxia (born 11 September 1990) is a Chinese field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the China women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36723500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723500" title="Eom Hyo-won">
Eom Hyo-won

Eom Hyo-Won (born 1986) is a South Korean handball player. He was born in Seoul. He competed for the South Korean national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36723504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723504" title="De Jiaojiao">
De Jiaojiao

De Jiaojiao (born 5 January 1990) is a Chinese field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the China women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36723515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723515" title="Xu Xiaoxu">
Xu Xiaoxu

Xu Xiaoxu (born 8 August 1986) is a Chinese field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the China women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36723521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723521" title="Liang Meiyu">
Liang Meiyu

Liang Meiyu (born 8 January 1994) is a Chinese field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the China women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36723526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723526" title="Peng Yang">
Peng Yang

Peng Yang (born 17 January 1992) is a Chinese field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the China women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36723530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723530" title="RM Turnchapel">
RM Turnchapel

Royal Marines Turnchapel is a military installation operated by the Royal Marines in South Devon located east of Plymouth, Devon, and north east of Torpoint, Cornwall, England.
'"Earlier in the year, 539 Assault Squadron relocated from the Turnchapel site to a new £30 million base in Devonport Naval Base.
The former Royal Marines base in Plymouth has now been declared surplus to military requirements by the MoD and has been bought by a marine leisure business.
The Yacht Havens Group has announced that it has bought the freehold to the 14 acre site at Turnchapel from Defence Estates."'
The business took possession of the waterfront site on the 28th March 2014 after buying it for an undisclosed sum.
Read more: http://www.westernmorningnews.co.uk/Deal-sees-MoD-site-bought-marine-firm/story-20886520-detail/story.html
Future.
539 Assault Squadron is due to move to northern area of HMNB Devonport is early 2013 and is to be known as Royal Marines Tamar.

</doc>
<doc id="36723543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723543" title="Mourning in America and Dreaming in Color">
Mourning in America and Dreaming in Color

Mourning in America and Dreaming in Color is the fifth album by the hip hop artist Brother Ali, released on September 18, 2012, via Rhymesayers.
Sales.
The album sold 10,000 copies in the U.S. in its first week of release. In the second week the album dropped down the charts to number 123 selling 3,100 selling a total of 14,000 in its first two weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="36723563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723563" title="Michael Behrmann">
Michael Behrmann

Michael Behrmann (born 1 December 1966) is a German field hockey coach. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he coached the Germany women's national field hockey team.

</doc>
<doc id="36723573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723573" title="Veritas (Agnes album)">
Veritas (Agnes album)

Veritas is the fourth studio album by Swedish recording artist Agnes, and was released on September 5, 2012 in Sweden. The album was released worldwide on April 1st 2014.
Background and development.
The Swedish tabloid Expressen stated that the album was to be released within the first six months of 2011, but was later delayed for a year until "during the spring 2012". The first official single was "Don't Go Breaking My Heart" which premiered on August 5, 2011 at Mr. Gay Sweden Show This was later considered an intermediate release and was not featured on the album.
On May 28, 2012 Agnes released the lead single, "One Last Time", unlike her previous singles, this was released in Sweden only. In an interview with "Mix Megapol" Agnes also said that her goal with the fourth album was to be involved with all the songs. Her American record company Interscope wanted her to move to the U.S and record the album there, but Agnes didn't feel "at home" and couldn't find the people that she wanted to work with. Therefore she decided to go back to Sweden and record her album there.
In early August 2012 a release date was finally confirmed and later on August 14 the title and artwork of the album was officially announced. In a press release from the record company Agnes commented on the album name; "I like how the word 'Veritas' subside, aesthetically how it looks and especially what it stands for. The word fits very well with the whole idea behind this album. I always want to be one hundred percent true to myself in everything I do, and for me, all the work and time with this album has been so much more than just record an album. A lot of questions, both large and small, have come up in my head and it really has been an amazing journey. "
The artwork consists of the photographs, where the one in the background is taken from a photoshoot with Swedish magazine "Nöjesguiden" in December 2011 by photograph Frederick Etoall. The photo was then featured in an article titled "Släpp Agnes fri" "(eng: Release Agnes)" and also used as the cover of the December issue of the magazine. The idea behind the cover was to radiate a collision between soft and hard. The photographer Frederick Etoall came up with the idea to project a portrait of Agnes on her naked body. When commenting on the cover in an interview with Metro International Agnes said that she was very pleased with the result; ""I'm very happy, the lips look almost painted out. I was naked and we projected my face against a wall. It was a hell of a job getting the lips so that they covered her breasts but I had a lot of people there who saw that it was so"".
Composition and influence.
In an early review by Scandipop.co.uk, they commented on the song "Into The Sun" and stated that it "straight away stood out as one of our big favourites on ‘Veritas’. It’s got a chorus that hits you like a truck, and a production that shines through particularly in the verses, which makes you pick yourself up off the floor again." They also homage the fact that Patrik Berger, the writer behind Robyn's monster hit Dancing on My Own, now has taken an interest for Agnes on this album. The british music blog "Theprophetblog" stated that they had underestimated Agnes as some generic pop singer who belong in gay nightclubs and that she deserves more recognition and homage the single "One Last Time". " The producer Quant serves up a cunning surprise on the song’s bridge, fooling you for a split second into thinking a dubstep breakdown is about to take place, right before dropping a thundering drum line that leads into Agnes screaming, her voice distorted and twisted until she sounds like an android dying of a broken heart."." Scandipop later refer to the songs on the album to be "A militant electrodisco production".
Agnes has self stated that many of her lyrics are inspired by real life events. "Nothing Else Matters" for example is based on an event that occurred when Agnes was fifteen years old. A relative of hers became seriously ill, and she and her family lived in uncertainty for a while, and the only thing she had on her mind what that nothing else would matter if that person wouldn't get better. It is far from any straightforward love stories Agnes describes on her album. "All I Want Is You" is feverish, and ambiguous, perhaps a declaration of love, but equally a story of obsession. "Watching It Burn" is about the heartbreaking moment when you realize that everything has gone wrong, but you doesn't have the energy to stop the relationship from falling apart. "Got Me Good" is a glimpse into the uniquely human habit of falling in love, or cutter, in someone who does not reciprocate the affection. But there's humor too, "Human Touch" is about the first love, when pesky happy smile refuses to leave his face, and "Like God" is Agnes ironic interpretation of American celebrity worship. When describing the feelings behind the song "Amazing", Agnes described it as ""when that little maniac who had been hiding inside finally can take place.""
Critical reception.
The album received generally positive reviews from music critics. Joacim Persson of Swedish tabloid Aftonbladet gave the album three out of five and courts Agnes' voice, though he raises a warning finger. "The concern with sweet, wailing, soul singers is that their voices are often so beautiful rippling that nothing stands out. Agnes, one of those 'idol' alumnus who have done something real in their career after Idol, could be such an artist. She has even been sometimes. But "Veritas" is something else. For it is when the plaster cracks on the edge, when Agnes dare to make a mess, that it really starts to happen something with the music. The stylish talented voice, she already has." He continue with calling Agnes' voice sharp and raw and relate that to what is separating anonymous contemporary pop from the excitement. "It exudes confidence and determination. It is 2012, but bottoms in the R & B classic frame that Agnes has made her brand." Camilla Diaz of Gaffa continues on the track that Persson started, she stated that the album has one foot in the eighties and one in the present days. ""'Loaded' has a refrain that not only breathes 80s but also sparkles with 00's. Agnes do not apologize for itself, but requires space, requires the listener to stop. Resting the voice in the break between songs, exploding in the choruses."" Johan Lindqvist of "Göteborgs-Posten" continues on the same track. "Many international artists are trying to do just this thing, but does not succeed as well as Agnes. I am impressed by a more or less seamless pop album with one leg in 1987 and the second in 2012 "
Peter Carlsson of Nerikes Allehanda wrote a mixed review stating that the sound of the album is "something of a cross between Robyn and Kylie Minogue." He also thought several songs on the album could find their ways into the charts easily, however felt that the album was lacking a hit like, Release Me. The Swedish music magazine "Gaffa" salutes the album and Agnes herself. ""For those who believe that they've heard everything that Agnes is and can accomplish in the theatrical choruses in One Last Time will be surprised. Maybe especially when the direction changed completely in All I Want Is You, which, with its angry strings and strange non chorus unravels everything you previously knew.""
Singles.
The first single from the album, "One Last Time", was released on May 28, 2012 and peaked at the official chart in Sweden at 33, and at 1 on the download chart. The single spent the summer within the top ten at the official airplay chart. On August 27, Agnes confirmed her next single, called "All I Want Is You", and revealed the official cover artwork at her official Facebook page. The single is scheduled for release in Sweden on August 31. The track had its first play on radio on August 28.
On May 10, 2013, Swedish producer Bassflow tweeted that he had finished the new version of "Got Me Good", implying that the song is the new single from the album.

</doc>
<doc id="36723585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723585" title="Elliott Simpson">
Elliott Simpson

Elliott David Simpson (born 1 July 1976) is an English former footballer who played as a defender. He played for York City, Rowntree, Pickering Town, Gainsborough Trinity and Harrogate Railway Athletic.
Career.
Born in York, North Yorkshire, Simpson started his career with the York City youth system on a Youth Training Scheme. He was a member of the York youth team that reached the quarter-final of the FA Youth Cup in the 1992–93 season, in which York were beaten 5–0 away at Manchester United. Simpson made his first team debut after starting in a 2–1 victory at home to Brentford in the Second Division on 13 September 1994 and was released by the club in May 1995 having failed to make another appearance. He dropped into non-League football after signing for Rowntree in August 1995. This was followed by spells with Pickering Town and Gainsborough Trinity before returning to Rowntree and finishing his career with Harrogate Railway Athletic.
Style of play.
Simpson played as a left winger for York's youth team before being converted into a left back.

</doc>
<doc id="36723592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723592" title="The Lifted Veil (film)">
The Lifted Veil (film)

The Lifted Veil is a 1917 American silent film produced by B. A. Rolfe and distributed by Metro Pictures. It is based on a novel, "The Lifted Veil" (1917) by Basil King, an author popular with women readers. Stage star Ethel Barrymore, under contract to Metro, appears in her eighth silent film which is now lost.

</doc>
<doc id="36723596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723596" title="Danny Kerry (field hockey)">
Danny Kerry (field hockey)

Danny Kerry is a British field hockey coach. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he coached the Great Britain women's national field hockey team. He was a pupil at King Edward VII School (King's Lynn), in Kings Lynn, Norfolk.

</doc>
<doc id="36723611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723611" title="Early life of Jack Hobbs">
Early life of Jack Hobbs

Sir John Berry "Jack" Hobbs (16 December 1882 – 21 December 1963) was an English professional cricketer who played for Surrey from 1905 to 1934 and for England in 61 Test matches between 1908 and 1930. Born into poverty in Cambridge, Hobbs displayed little distinction as a cricketer until relatively late in life. After some limited early success, he began to aspire to a career in professional cricket, and a sudden improvement in 1901 made this more likely. Following the death of his father, the whole family depended on Hobbs but he was supported by Tom Hayward, a professional cricketer who played for Surrey. Hayward arranged for Hobbs to have a trial at Surrey, and after he was successful, Hobbs spent two years qualifying to play County Cricket.
Hobbs was immediately successful when he made his debut for Surrey, but his batting form went into decline in the rest of his first season. However, he established himself in the following seasons as one of the best and most promising professional batsmen in England. He was chosen to tour Australia with an England team in 1907–08, and retained his place in the team when England next played Test matches in 1909. While successful, it was not until Hobbs toured South Africa in 1909–10, where he established his dominance over the feared South African googly bowlers, that he established himself fully at Test level. By the time of his next series, in Australia in 1911–12, he was regarded by critics as the best batsman in the world and scored three centuries in the series. He maintained his position as the world's leading batsman until war broke out in 1914. Hobbs established a very effective opening partnership with Wilfred Rhodes at Test level, and another with Hayward for Surrey. By 1914, Hobbs was batting in a very aggressive, attractive manner that he would never recapture again when his career resumed after the war.
Early life.
Childhood.
Hobbs was born in Cambridge on 16 December 1882, the eldest of 12 children born to John Cooper Hobbs, a slater, and his wife Flora Matilda Berry. Hobbs was born in a cottage belonging to his maternal grandfather, situated in a poor, run-down area of the town, but the family moved into their own home shortly after his birth. However, throughout his childhood, Hobbs' family remained in poverty, and conditions for the working class in Cambridge were poor. Hobbs later wrote that, although he had a happy childhood, he had envied those who lived a more privileged life in Cambridge's more affluent areas and his childhood experiences left him with an sense of inferiority. The family moved house several times during this period.
Hobbs' father had a great love of cricket and his performances playing for a short-lived club formed by him and his work colleagues led to an offer of employment as a professional cricketer at Fenner's, the cricket ground of Cambridge University. His main duties were umpiring matches on the ground and bowling in the cricket nets to undergraduates. Although the pay was poor, Hobbs senior was happy to have achieved his lifetime ambition of a career in cricket. In 1889, he was appointed to the more prestigious position of groundsman and umpire at Jesus College, where Hobbs junior was able to watch cricket practice and occasionally become involved, although he received little formal coaching from his father, who was reluctant to exploit his position. Nevertheless, Hobbs soon acquired a love of cricket from his father. Hobbs later claimed that his father rarely coached him, but his mother once recounted that Hobbs senior "trained him carefully since he was old enough to hold a bat". From an early age, Hobbs played cricket whenever he could and his first games were played in the streets near his house. He and his father frequently discussed the game and Hobbs closely followed local cricket.
Hobbs was educated at a primary school affiliated with his local Anglican church, St Matthew's. In 1891, he moved to York Street Boys' School, where in contrast to his previous school, his family had to pay fees for him to attend. He later wrote that he was a poor scholar but was more successful at sports. Both he and his mother later recounted that he was rarely in trouble at home or school, except when carrying out practical jokes. He was also heavily involved in St Matthew's Church, and was a member of the church choir. Although his first appearance in a cricket match was as a last minute substitute playing for Jesus College choir, he played regularly for the St Matthew's choir team, which he went on to captain, and the York Street school team. He was also a founder member of a team called the Ivy Club which played on Parker's Piece. During holidays, he helped his father at work on the Jesus College ground. In his final year at York Street, in order to supplement the family budget, he took a job working before school hours in the domestic service of a private house where his duties mainly involved cleaning. When he left school in 1895, Hobbs initially worked as an errand boy before his father's connections at the university helped him to get a summer job as a college servant, chiefly assisting the cricket team. Then, aged 16, he began a potentially more permanent career working as an apprentice gas fitter.
He continued to practise hard, batting in the mornings and evenings on Parker's Piece; the cricket pitches here were poor quality and some critics have attributed Hobbs' later success to his formative years on difficult batting pitches. Even so, he did not stand out as a cricketer at this time, in contrast to other successful batsmen who excelled from an early age. No coaches or teams approached him and he was 18 years old before hitting his first century. Hobbs later admitted that he was a slow developer, and there seemed little realistic prospect at this time of him pursuing a career as a professional cricketer like his father, although he continued to harbour the hope.
Development as a cricketer.
Hobbs' breakthrough came in 1901, and he began to believe he could succeed as a cricketer. His batting improved throughout the season, during which he appeared for two local sides, Ainsworth and the Cambridge Liberals. Appearing for the former against the latter, he scored 102, his first century. His performances in the season meant that he was picked for an annual charity match played between a team representing Cambridge and a team of professional cricketers brought by the Cambridge-born Surrey cricketer Tom Hayward. Hobbs was a last minute replacement, and although he scored just 26 not out, was comfortable playing against the professionals; Hobbs was delighted that he could compete at a higher level, and he began to understand the best way to bat effectively. At the end of the season, he was invited to play as an amateur for Cambridgeshire, even though his record in club cricket was unremarkable. He was not particularly successful, reaching double figures just once, but his experiences in the season increased his determination to pursue a career in cricket.
Early in 1902, Hobbs successfully applied for the job of assistant professional at Bedford School, which he held throughout the summer term. The work mainly consisted of working as a groundsman and bowling in the nets, which left him exhausted and unhappy. Living away from home from the first time and working in a public school environment left him feeling socially out of his depth and he did not enjoy his cricketing duties, although he later admitted that the cricketing strength of the school improved his own batting. In late August, Hobbs returned to Cambridge to play as a professional for the first time. For a fee of ten shillings, he appeared for a team from the nearby town of Royston against Hertfordshire Club and Ground. Appearing in his highest level of cricket to date, Hobbs scored 119. His success delighted his family and made him a local celebrity. Hobbs' father had helped to arrange his appearance in the match but was already seriously ill with pneumonia, and he died a week after his son scored his century, on 3 September 1902. His death left his wife and children facing great financial hardship.
Given the local reputation and respect for Hobbs senior, a local committee formed to raise money to support his family. To this end, a fundraising match was organised on Parker's Piece. Tom Hayward brought a team of well-known professionals, including several of his Surrey team-mates; the match was a resounding financial success and went a long way to easing any financial difficulties for the Hobbs family. Hobbs assumed his father's duties as groundsman at Jesus college in the winter of 1902–03. While working there, one of his colleagues and a friend of his father, F. C. Hutt, got in contact with Hayward to ask him to arrange a trial for Hobbs, with a view to joining Surrey. Consequently in late 1902, Hayward and Bill Reeves, an Essex cricketer born in Cambridge, bowled at Hobbs on Parker's Piece and he impressed Hayward. Hobbs and Hutt were not certain that anything would come of this, and Hutt wrote to Essex asking for a trial, but the county never replied.
Surrey cricketer.
Hobbs was summoned to a trial at Surrey in April 1903; after batting in the nets, he was chosen to appear in two trial matches in which he made scores of 37 and 13. The Surrey secretary subsequently offered him a position on the ground staff at the Oval with a basic wage of 30 shillings per week during the season. Hayward also persuaded the secretary to include a £10 at the end of the 1903 season to further support the Hobbs family. Hobbs could not immediately play for Surrey owing to the qualification rules in place at the time for the County Championship. To appear for a county, a player had to be born in that county or to have lived there for two years. To this end, Hobbs moved to London; he later wrote how much he enjoyed living in the city. He shared lodgings with a fellow Surrey youth player. Around this time he played football for local teams as a forward with some success. However, he struggled financially during the winter months despite the off-season pay provided by Surrey. In common with other Surrey cricketers at the time, Hobbs struggled to find employment outside of the cricket season.
While qualifying, Hobbs played for Surrey's Colts side and for the "Club and Ground" Eleven, both of which were teams for young Surrey cricketers. He made some substantial scores, including 86 runs in his first match for the Club and Ground, but according to Hobbs' biographer, Leo McKinstry, "Just as he had done for much of his early life, performed satisfactorily without doing anything startling". He scored 480 runs at an average of 34.29, as well as taking 19 wickets as his bowling improved. The following season, Hobbs played only for the Club and Ground, increased his average to 43.90, and impressed people connected with Surrey. Hobbs' sudden improvement brought about his return to the Cambridgeshire team. He impressed many critics with his batting, particularly when he scored 195 and 129 in two matches against Hertfordshire. In total, he scored 696 runs in 13 innings for Cambridgeshire, averaging 58.00. Wisden Cricketers' Almanack, in its review of Cambridgeshire's season, commented: "A new player in Hobbs rendered fine services as a batsman and came out with a remarkable average."
First-class cricketer.
Debut season.
Hobbs qualified for Surrey by the beginning of the 1905 cricket season. At this time, Tom Hayward was Surrey's opening batsman but lacked a regular opening partner; following the retirement of Bobby Abel, several batsmen had been tried without success. At the time, Hobbs had only rarely opened the batting and had not done so for Cambridgeshire. Nor was Hobbs guaranteed a place in the team as Surrey had a large playing staff with great competition for places. Even so, the cricketing press regarded Hobbs as very promising, as did Tom Hayward. When Hayward captained Surrey in their opening game of the season—the regular, amateur Surrey captain was absent—he ensured that Hobbs played in the game against a team representing the "Gentlemen of England". With none of the recognised opening batsmen available for the match, Hayward took Hobbs out to open the batting. Making his debut on 24 April 1905, Hobbs scored 18 runs in the first innings and a quick-scoring 88 in the second before rain ensured the match was drawn. Several of those who played in the game were impressed, including W. G. Grace, the captain of the opposing team, and the press commented favourably on his performance. Following the game, the Surrey secretary, C. W. Alcock, called Hobbs into his office to congratulate him on his debut.
The official Surrey captain, Lord Dalmeny, assumed control of the team for the following match against Essex, the club's opening County Championship match, beginning on 4 May. Hobbs retained his place and scored 155 runs in around three hours during Surrey's second innings. Hobbs later held the catch which won the game for Surrey and he was cheered from the ground by the crowd. Lord Dalmeny awarded Hobbs his County Cap as the players left the field; it was very unusual for a player to be awarded a cap so quickly. Press reports over the following days recognised that he was potentially a very good player. Hobbs maintained his form over the following weeks; he scored another century against Essex and hit 94 runs against the touring Australian cricket team. However, from the beginning of June he was generally less successful. Although he scored 75 not out against Middlesex and 58 in a second match against the Australians, his next best score in the remainder of the season was 38. He struggled to cope with a variety of bowlers and began to despair of scoring runs. The fatigue of playing cricket up to six days each week affected his batting, while in contrast to his subsequent career, his fielding was criticised by spectators and journalists. To attempt to recapture his form, Surrey tried Hobbs in different positions in the batting order and occasionally left him out of the side, but nothing helped.
In all first-class cricket in the season, Hobbs scored 1,317 runs at an average of 25.82, including two centuries and four other scores over fifty. This placed him ninth in the Surrey batting averages. McKinstry describes this as "a sound if hardly electrifying start." As an occasional medium-paced bowler, he took six wickets. Reviewing Surrey's season, "Wisden" singled Hobbs out for attention, praising his early-season form but noted how tiredness had affected him; it suggested that he was the best professional batsman Surrey had found for a long time. "The Times" noted that, although performing well, Hobbs had fallen short of the standards suggested by his start. Hobbs proved generally popular with his team-mates, and established a reputation as a practical joker which he maintained through his career. However, according to McKinstry, at least one member of the team was less impressed and tried to undermine Hobbs by spreading gossip that he had insulted the captain while drunk.
Growing reputation.
Hobbs spent the winter of 1905–06 practising his batting and fielding. Consequently, he displayed greater consistency in 1906. He scored 85 in the opening game of the season against the Gentlemen of England and maintained his form throughout the season. Displaying a wider range of shots, he scored four centuries, including another against Essex, and established an effective opening partnership with Hayward, who set a record for the highest aggregate of runs in a season. The pair shared a succession of substantial partnerships, although Hayward was very much the dominant partner. Hobbs later acknowledged Hayward's influence and inspiration to him at this time. In total, Hobbs scored 1,913 runs at an average of 40.70 with a highest score of 162, placing him second in the Surrey averages. "Wisden" praised his improved fielding and commented that he was "one of the best professional bats of the year" and noted that he was likely to get even better. Surrey climbed to third place in the County Championship but faced criticism for their recruitment of Hobbs; the press suggested that it was unethical for counties to include players from outside their boundaries and suggested that the club's perseverance with Hobbs stemmed from a wish to justify signing him.
Following his marriage and honeymoon in the winter of 1906–07, Hobbs made further advances as a batsman in 1907. Unusually frequent rain during the season—"Wisden" described the season as the wettest ever—meant that pitches often favoured bowlers. Hobbs adapted his batting technique to suit the conditions, improving his defence and developing a method of playing off the back foot—with his weight transferred backwards rather than towards the ball. After beginning the season in uncertain form, he began to bat with great consistency. Showing more control of off side shots, he batted through an entire innings against Warwickshire on a pitch damaged by rain that was difficult to bat on, shared four century partnerships with Hayward in the same week in June, and hit 150 in the home match against Warwickshire in an innings praised by critics. These performances brought him to the attention of the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) selectors, and he was chosen for the Players in the prestigious Gentlemen v Players matches in July. He was unsuccessful in both games; in the first, at Lord's Cricket Ground, he scored 2 and 9 before being dismissed in both innings by the fast bowler Walter Brearley, and in the match at the Oval, he scored 5 and 19. Some commentators criticised Hobbs after these matches and suggested that he should bat more defensively as he was too cavalier in his batting.
Hobbs scored a further three centuries in the season, and was selected to play in a Scarborough Festival match against the touring South African team. The South African googly bowlers had caused consternation among English batsmen that summer, and the googly threatened to change the nature of cricket. Against these bowlers, Hobbs scored 78, although as Ronald Mason writes, it was on "a bone-hard wicket against tired bowlers ... an enjoyment rather than a business". By the end of the season, Hobbs had scored 2,135 runs, averaging 37.45. He was one of only three men to pass 2,000 runs; he was second to Hayward in the Surrey averages, and eighth in the national averages. "Wisden" noted his improvement, the increase in the range of his strokes, particularly on the off side, and noted that "no one among young professional batsmen looks to have such a bright future before him."
Test match cricketer.
First tour to Australia.
In August 1907, during the cricket season, Hobbs was selected to tour Australia with an MCC team—at the time, England teams toured under the name and badge of the MCC. Hobbs later remarked that until the improvement in his batting, he simply aimed to play for Surrey, but he realised during 1907 that a place in the England team was achievable. However, his chances of selection were increased through the rejection by four leading professional cricketers, including Hayward, of the financial terms offered for the tour. In addition, several amateur batsmen including C. B. Fry were either not asked to tour or proved unavailable. It was acknowledged at the time, and by subsequent writers, that the team was not a strong one given the quality of English cricket at the time. Even so, Hobbs was not a certain choice; the influential Archie MacLaren was critical of his batting at the time, and Hobbs may have owed his selection to the support of the Surrey amateur H. D. G. Leveson Gower.
Having overcome initial reservations about leaving his wife and newly-born son, Hobbs accepted the invitation but throughout the voyage to Australia was severely affected by sea-sickness, a condition which was to afflict him throughout his life. To allow him to recover from his illness upon arrival in Australia, Hobbs missed the first two games of the tour, but once recovered, he played in only two of the remaining four fixtures before the Test series began. Hobbs later expressed the belief that the MCC captain, Arthur Jones was instrumental in his omission from the team as he did not rate Hobbs a good player. He also believed that Jones did not give him a chance to prove himself. But Hobbs failed with the bat on his two appearances and was subsequently left out of the team for the first Test match. Even when Jones was taken ill before the game started, George Gunn, not a member of the touring team but present in Australia, was preferred to Hobbs and scored a century in the game. However, England lost the game and the performance of the amateur wicketkeeper and makeshift opening batsman Dick Young was singled out as detrimental to the team. Following effective batting performances by Hobbs in two matches after the Test, Frederick Fane, the stand-in England captain, chose Hobbs to open the batting in the second Test. He made his Test debut on 1 January 1908 at Melbourne. He went in to bat on the second day after Australia had scored 266; in 182 minutes, he scored 83 runs in his first innings and although he batted more slowly than usual, critics praised his defence. Eventually, England needed 282 to win. Hobbs and Fane added 54 for the first wicket; before Hobbs fell for 28 but England went on to win the match by one wicket.
Hobbs retained his place for the rest of the series. In the third Test, he scored 26 and 23, although he was forced to retire hurt in the latter innings. In the fourth match, he scored 57 on a pitch badly affected by rain, adopting a policy of attacking the bowling and hitting 10 fours. The MCC team manager commented on Hobbs' excellent technique and judgement in the difficult batting conditions. He concluded his series with an innings of 72 in the final game, but could not prevent a third successive English defeat—the home side won the five-match series 4–1. Hobbs had scored 302 runs at an average of 43.14. In other first-class matches, Hobbs scored centuries against Tasmania and Victoria, totalling 876 runs at 41.71. The MCC manager praised Hobbs after the tour, but Hobbs himself did not enjoy the tour. He found the travelling tiring and felt very homesick.
Continued success.
Although batting conditions were generally better in 1908 than the previous season, Hobbs scored fewer runs. Even so, he achieved a batting average over 40 in the County Championship and scored six centuries for Surrey. One such century came in an innings of 106 on an extremely difficult pitch, which caused the ball to spin and bounce excessively, against the bowling of Colin Blythe, regarded as extremely effective in such conditions. In the Gentlemen v Players match, Hobbs scored 81, in contrast to his lack of success during his first appearance. On the other hand, he struggled against Yorkshire, the County Champions that year, scoring 33 runs in four innings against the team. In all first-class games, Hobbs scored 1,904 runs at 37.33. For his achievements that season, Hobbs was chosen as one of "Wisden's" Cricketers of the Year. The citation noted that "at the present time there is perhaps no better professional batsman in England except Hayward and Tyldesley".
Hobbs began the 1909 season with a succession of large scores. In his second game, he scored a hundred before lunch on the first day against Hampshire. He eventually reached 205, his maiden double-hundred, sharing a partnership of 371 in 165 minutes with Ernie Hayes, albeit on an easy batting pitch against a team lacking effective bowlers. In the following game, Hobbs scored 159 against Warwickshire and shared an opening partnership of 352 with Hayward, then top-scored in the first innings of Surrey's victory over the touring Australian team. Surrey then played Warwickshire again, and Hobbs scored a century in each innings before hitting 99 against Essex in the next match. Such form placed him in contention for a place in the England team to play Australia, but the strength of English batting at the time meant that he was not a certainty. Furthermore, the England captain, Archie MacLaren, remained unconvinced that Hobbs possessed the required quality. However, the Surrey captain, Leveson-Gower, was a selector that year. He persuaded the committee to include Hobbs in the squad, then convinced a reluctant MacLaren to play him in the team.
In the first Test, played at Edgbaston, Hobbs opened the batting with MacLaren but was dismissed, from the first ball he received, by Charlie Macartney for a duck. However, the match was a low-scoring one on a pitch which made batting difficult, and Australia left England needing 105 to win. The task was not easy in the conditions, but Hobbs, this time opening the batting with C. B. Fry, hit 62 not out. He scored quickly off all the bowlers and England passed the target without losing a wicket. This innings meant that he had scored 919 runs before the end of May, but he failed to emulate W. G. Grace's achievement of scoring 1,000 runs in May when Nottinghamshire batted throughout the day when Surrey played them on 31 May. England lost the second Test by nine wickets, their team much changed to the bafflement of critics and spectators, and Hobbs scored just 19 and 9. The home side also lost the third Test. Hobbs scored 12 and 30, the latter the highest score of the innings, but was involved in controversy in the first innings when he appeared to change his mind when about to walk off after apparently hitting his own wicket. The umpire ruled him not out, to the fury of the Australians who loudly protested for some time. Hobbs was out to a very straightforward delivery almost immediately after; some critics, including the Australian captain, believed he allowed himself to be dismissed because he thought the umpire was wrong, but Hobbs later wrote that the incident unsettled him and he lost concentration.
In his next game, Hobbs badly injured his finger and missed the remainder of the Test series; in three games, he scored 132 runs at an average of 26.40. England lost the series when the remaining two matches were drawn. Hobbs struggled to regain his form when he recovered from the injury and his scoring was inconsistent, but he still finished the season with 2,114 runs at 40.65. However, nearly half of those runs came in the first month of the season, and he passed 40 only four times in his last 20 innings. Surrey also had a difficult season, falling from third to fifth and losing the services of three players including the amateur Jack Crawford following internal disciplinary issues.
Dominance in South Africa.
McKinstry notes that, by the end of the 1909 season, Hobbs had not really established himself at international level and his career "seemed in danger of stagnating". Invited to tour South Africa that winter with the MCC, Hobbs had no hesitation in accepting, needing to support his family financially. However, a tour to South Africa was not prestigious; many leading cricketers were missing from the touring team and others were selected who were a long way from the first-choice eleven. The team faced a challenging tour, playing on matting pitches, with which English players were unfamiliar, and against the South African googly bowlers, who had caused tremendous difficulties for English batsmen both in 1907 and particularly on their home pitches on the last MCC tour in 1905–06. The leading players had found no answer to the four South African googly bowlers; critics and analysts believed a new batting method was needed to defeat the relatively new delivery. In the absence of other players, Hobbs was expected to be the leading batsman on the tour.
When the tour began, local press disregarded Hobbs on the evidence of his first practice sessions on matting pitches, but he subsequently scored centuries in the first two matches, including one in a first-class match. Hobbs was chosen for the first Test against South Africa; the MCC captain, Leveson-Gower, selected Wilfred Rhodes to open the batting with him. Rhodes, who began his career as a bowler who batted down the batting order but steadily improved his batting until he became an opening batsman, went on to establish a successful opening partnership with Hobbs in the years until the First World War. A particular hallmark of their association was quick running between the wickets, and when they batted on the first day in response to a South African total of 208, they immediately began to score singles by pushing the ball just past nearby fielders and running quickly. The tactic was initially a response to the difficulty of facing the bowlers on a matting pitch, but was successful as they added 159 runs for the first wicket. Hobbs scored 89 in the first innings and 35 in the second, and although England lost narrowly, he appeared much more comfortable than the other English batsmen against the googly. Hobbs and Rhodes followed up with a partnership of 207 in the match following the Test, and Hobbs scored 163. England also lost the second Test, but Hobbs continued to impress critics; he scored 53 and 70, sharing two substantial opening partnerships of 94 and 48 with Rhodes in the process. The failure of the other batsmen, defeated by the googly bowlers, caused consternation in the English press. As England had few effective pace bowlers on the tour, Hobbs opening the bowling in the first two Tests, as well as the batting.
Hobbs failed in the first innings of the third Test, batting down the order owing to illness. In the second innings, he scored 93 not out in 130 minutes, batting at number five in the order, and despite another failure by the other English batsmen, guided England to a three-wicket victory. He received a rapturous welcome from the crowd and his team-mates. However, the series was lost when England were defeated in the fourth match; Hobbs scored 0 and 1, the only time in his Test career that he failed to reach double figures in either innings, and his worst return in first-class cricket. Then in the final game of the series, he scored his first Test hundred, opening the batting and sharing a partnership of 221 with Rhodes which was a record at the time for the first wicket in Test matches. Hobbs batted for 225 minutes in total and scored 187, an innings praised by "Wisden" for its "brilliancy". Later, he once more opened the bowling, dismissing Reggie Schwarz, his only Test wicket. England won the match by nine wickets and the series finished 3–2.
Hobbs scored 1,124 first-class runs at an average of 66.11 on the tour, while in the Test matches, he scored 539 runs at 67.37. "Wisden" commented: "Beyond everything else from the English point of view the feature of the trip was the superb batting of Hobbs, who easily adapted himself to the matting wickets and scored from the famous googly bowlers with amazing skill and facility. When they came home the other members of the team could not say too much in his praise." Syd Gregory, an Australian Test batsman who was visiting South Africa, described Hobbs as the best batsman in the world in a press interview following the series. His success against the googly arose from either reaching a long way forward or stepping back near his stumps in order to play the ball;this meant that he either smothered the ball so that it did not spin or allowed him time to see which way it would spin and play accordingly. He also adopted cautious tactics, preferring to wait for an easy delivery to hit for runs rather than play aggressively; the orthodox approach at the time was to attempt to hit googly bowling aggressively. Hobbs also demonstrated an ability to judge very effectively where the ball would land after it had been bowled. This judgement, allied to an instinctive knowledge of what the bowler was trying to do and an increasing ability to judge from the bowler's wrist allowed him to predict when a googly had been bowled. As such, he encountered far fewer difficulties than other batsmen in playing googly bowling. According to Ronald Mason, after Hobbs' success, the South African googly bowlers were never as effective.
Leading batsman in England.
As the leading batsmen of the previous decade fell into decline, Hobbs' success in South Africa meant he was, according to McKinstry, "beyond dispute, seen as the finest batsman in the country". However, a combination of a wet summer, the effects of switching from matting pitches to grass ones, and tiredness from having played cricket for 18 months without a substantial break meant that Hobbs record was poor in 1910. He did not enjoy the season owing to fatigue and scored 1,982 runs at an average of 33.03, the lowest average of his career apart from his first season. He was more effective during 1911, after a long rest during the winter. The summer was hot and dry, leading to better batting pitches. Although Hobbs played few outstanding innings, he was consistently successful, and scored 2,376 runs at 41.68. Bowling more frequently than in other seasons, Hobbs also took 28 wickets. Against Oxford University, Hobbs bowled throughout the second innings to take seven wickets for 56 runs, the best figures of his career. While Hobbs may have been frequently dismissed having scored between 40 and 70 runs, his best innings were played in the most pressurised games. In the Gentlemen v Players match at Lord's, Hobbs carried his bat through the second innings for 154 in 195 minutes against a varied bowling attack, containing highly regarded bowlers, on a very difficult pitch; the next highest score was 41 and the team were bowled out for 292.
Success in Australia.
Hobbs was an automatic selection for the MCC tour of Australia in the winter of 1911–12, and in previewing the series, former Australian captain Harry Trott saw Hobbs as the key batsman. Hobbs once more suffered from sea-sickness on the journey, even travelling by land to meet the team's ship at Marseilles to reduce his time on the water. After scoring 43 when the team stopped in Colombo on the way, Hobbs and the MCC arrived in Australia in October 1911. The side faced immediate difficulties when their captain, Pelham Warner became seriously ill shortly after scoring 151 in the opening game. Warner named Johnny Douglas his replacement as leader, a decision which pleased the team and Hobbs, an admirer of Douglas, in particular. However, several leading batsmen struggled for form in the opening games, including Hobbs. Affected by sunstroke, Hobbs highest score, and only fifty, in seven innings before the Tests began was 88. Nor did Douglas' captaincy convince Australian critics at first. Problems continued during the first Test, which Australia won by 146 runs, and Douglas faced severe criticism of his leadership. Hobbs scored 63 in the first innings, although by his own admission he did not play well, and 22 in the second. Although Rhodes was in the team, he did not open the batting owing to his poor form, and Hobbs opened with Septimus Kinneir.
For a time following the Test defeat, Douglas' position was under threat. Douglas met with Hobbs and two other senior professionals to discuss how he could improve as captain, and Warner summoned Hobbs and the leading professionals to his sickbed to discuss the captaincy. Several thought Douglas should be replaced but Hobbs argued in his favour and Douglas remained in the post following a vote. England went on to win the second Test; after bowling Australia out for 184 in the first innings, the visiting team faced a target of 219 to win in the fourth innings. Hobbs and Rhodes, restored to the opening position, began with a partnership of 57. Hobbs scored 126 not out, his first century against Australia, and scored particularly well from the bowling of Ranji Hordern, a googly bowler who had taken 12 wickets in the first Test. "Wisden" commented that Hobbs "played one of the finest innings of his life", and England won by eight wickets. Australia were once more bowled out for a low score in the third Test; this time Hobbs and Rhodes added 147 for the first wicket and Hobbs scored 187. Clem Hill, the Australian captain, attempted to slow the scoring through the placement of his field, a tactic Hobbs combated by careful placement of the ball past the fielders. Hobbs played more attacking cricket after passing 100, scoring more quickly but making more mistakes. The intense heat also affected him and he was exhausted when finally dismissed. England reached a total of 501 and won the match by seven wickets. The press praised Hobbs and the "Manchester Guardian" noted that the batsmen seemed to have finally conquered the googly.
Australia, already behind in the series, faced disruption within the team before the fourth Test when Hill, the captain, came to blows with Peter McAlister, the chairman of selectors, over a dispute regarding the control of the Australian team. Then in damp conditions, Australia were bowled out for 191 in their first innings. At the end of the first day, Hobbs and Rhodes had scored 54 together, and the next day they took their partnership for the first wicket to 323, setting a new record for the highest partnership for any wicket in Test matches. Their partnership remained an overall Test record for 22 years and the highest for the first wicket until 1948. As of 2012, this remains England's highest opening partnership against Australia. The pair scored easily from the bowling but faced criticism for slow batting. Even so, Hobbs reached a century in 133 minutes and proceeded to play more aggressively afterwards. He was dismissed for 178 after batting for four-and-a-half hours. The press and players praised the partnership and in particular the quality of the running between the wickets. England reached a total of 589 and bowled Australia out for 173 to win the match by an innings and regain the Ashes. In a speech following the game, Hill identified the batting of Hobbs as the crucial factor in the English victory. England also won the final Test to take the series 4–1; Hobbs scored 32 and 45, sharing a partnership of 76 with Rhodes in the second innings.
Hobbs ended the series with an aggregate of 662 runs at an average of 82.75, setting a new record number of runs for an individual batsman in a Test series. Jack Crawford, now living in Australia, was struck by the improvement in Hobbs since they had played together at Surrey, noting that he seemed to possess no weaknesses. In his review of the tour, Warner said: "I have long since exhausted my vocabulary of praise in favour of Rhodes and Hobbs, and, thanks in a very large degree to their superlative work, our batting was eminently successful. Too much stress cannot be laid on what they accomplished, for in innings after innings they gave us a wonderful start. They were the backbone of the batting." In addition, Hobbs ran out 15 batsmen and Warner praised his fielding at cover point. The Australians did not dare run when he fielded the ball for fear of the speed of his throw. In all first-class matches, Hobbs scored 943 runs at 55.47.
Triangular tournament.
The 1912 season was unusually wet, which caused many games to be rained off and produced some very difficult batting wickets. For Surrey, Hobbs was as successful as in previous years. Surrey had a poor season and "Wisden" remarked that Hobbs did not bat as well for his county as for his country. His batting approach also differed from that which he adopted for England; he tried to attack at all times and attempted shots he dare not risk in a Test. Consequently, he lost his wicket on several occasions trying to score quickly, and the press criticised him for recklessness, although spectators responded well to his tactics. "Wisden" also described his batting in the Gentlemen v Players match as "reckless", but he scored 94 for the Players at Lord's and 54 in 20 minutes at the Oval.
During the summer, both Australia and South Africa toured England, taking part in the Triangular Tournament. The competition was not a success owing to the poor weather and the inability of South Africa to compete with the other two teams. Also, several leading players were absent from the Australian team owing to the continuing dispute between them and the Australian Board of Control. In addition, spectators lost interest in the tournament because it took too long to complete. As a result, England's eventual victory lacked the prestige that had been expected before the season. Hobbs made a slow start to the competition when he was bowled in the first over in England's opening match against South Africa, and his batting form in all matches was uncertain in the early part of the season. However, he scored a century against Australia at Lord's on a very difficult batting pitch in England's next game, sharing a partnership of 112 with Rhodes. He continued with scores of 55 and 68 in the next two games against South Africa, and his batting was praised by the press; for the first time, in the "Times", he was referred to as "a great master". South Africa were defeated in all three Tests played against England, and in two out of three (the third was drawn) by Australia. With the first two games between England and Australia drawn, the final match between these teams was designated as the deciding match for the tournament. Hobbs and Rhodes opened with 107, and Hobbs scored 66. These runs were crucial and England won the game by 244 runs. Hobbs also ran out Warren Bardsley in Australia's second innings, although there was controversy over the umpire's decision to rule him out.
Hobbs came top of the batting averages for the tournament, and in the final Test passed 2,000 runs in Test matches. In judging his performance in the season, Sydney Pardon, the editor of "Wisden", wrote:
Years before the First World War.
As there was no major cricket tour in the winter of 1912–13, Hobbs took the opportunity to have a break. He took a job as a private cricket coach to a wealthy South African's son. He and his family also moved into their own property, Hobbs now being able to afford to buy, rather than rent a house. In 1913, Hobbs scored 2,605 runs at an average of 50.09, placing him second in the national averages to Phil Mead. Unlike the previous season, Hobbs was more controlled in his aggression. Even so, he continued to score quickly, twice scoring 100 runs before lunch on the first day of a match. He and Hayward also shared an opening partnership of 313 in 190 minutes against Worcestershire. One of his most high-profile achievements was an innings of 72 not out on a difficult pitch to guide the Players to victory over the Gentlemen at Lord's in a run-chase where time was short. "Wisden" described him as "the best bat" in England, and "one of the greatest bats of his generation"; it also paid tribute to both his consistency and ability to score runs in many different batting conditions and types of pitch.
In the winter of 1913–14, the MCC sent a team to South Africa under the captaincy of Johnny Douglas. The team was strong, but the South African side had few effective players and the previously dominant googly bowlers were either unavailable or had lost form. The tour encountered some difficulties; South Africa was experiencing industrial disputes which resulted in several strikes, and there were uncomfortable diplomatic incidents in Boer territory. Nor did the team get along with their manager, appointed by the South African Cricket Association. Hobbs also experienced some uncomfortable personal incidents. In Kimberley, he was the victim of attempted fraud by an impersonator, and at Amanzimtoti, he and two team-mates were involved in a road accident as a result of which Hobbs was thrown from their car. Neither Hobbs nor the other players were seriously hurt. On the field, England won the five-Test series 4–0, mainly as a result of the bowling of Sydney Barnes. Hobbs scored 443 runs at an average of 63.28 in the series; he did not score a century, but accumulated scores of 82, 92 and 97. With Rhodes, he shared two century opening partnerships and another of 92, although Hobbs did not open the batting in the second Test for tactical reasons. Critics pointed out that Hobbs was more defensive in his approach than he was for Surrey, and "Wisden" noted that he was "not quite so brilliant as in England" but said that he was "an absolute master on matting wickets ." In all first-class matches, he scored 1,489 runs at 74.45.
Shortly after the team returned home, the 1914 season began and Hobbs was praised in press previews of the season as the world's best batsman. Hobbs was awarded a benefit match by Surrey. He made a slow start to the season but innings of 100 and 74 on a difficult pitch in a close win over Yorkshire marked the beginning of a series of high scores. Against Essex, he hit the highest score of his career to that point when he scored 215 not out; the next highest score was 27. He scored 183 against Warwickshire, 163 against Hampshire, 156 for the Players against the Gentlemen and two other centuries before the end of July. At the same time, war in Europe was becoming more and more likely throughout the season. The day before Britain entered the First World War, against a background where it was uncertain if cricket would continue, Hobbs scored 226 against Nottinghamshire, surpassing his previous highest score despite suffering badly from a migraine. Cricket continued once the war began, but Hobbs' benefit was moved from the Oval to Lord's. This move, and the public's greater concern for the war, meant that the match was a failure; in total Hobbs' benefit raised £657 which was lower than most benefits and far less than raised for cricketers of Hobbs' standing. The Surrey committee attempted to increase the amount raised but eventually agreed to give him another benefit when the war concluded. Cricket continued for a little longer, and Hobbs scored his 11th century of the season before public pressure to cease caused Surrey to cancel their final fixtures. However, Surrey were declared County Champions for the only time in Hobbs' career. In all first-class games, he scored 2,697 runs at 58.63. McKinstry notes that during the season: "With his free-scoring method, had dazzled in a way that he was never to do again."

</doc>
<doc id="36723612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723612" title="Nadine Truong">
Nadine Truong

Nadine Truong is a director, writer, and photographer. She received her MFA in Directing from the American Film Institute Conservatory. 
Short Films.
Her directorial credits include "Chopsticks" (which premiered at the 2007 Vietnamese International Film Festival), "The Muse" (a dramatic short produced under the Visual Communications' "Armed with a Camera" Fellowship for Emerging Media Artists) which also screened at the Los Angeles Asian Pacific Film Festival and which was nominated for the VC Golden Reel Award for Best Narrative Short Film, "One Never Knows", "Mine", "Sushi", "Eggbaby" (2009), "Shadow Man" (2009) and "Initiation" (2009), which stars David Lee McInnis, Christopher Dinh, Tim Chiou, Kathy Uyen, and Jerry Ying.
Truong is also the recipient of The George C. Lin Emerging Filmmaker Award from the San Diego Asian Film Festival in 2010, for her short films "Shadow Man" and "Eggbaby". She is also a recipient of a Visual Communications "Armed With A Camera" Fellowship for Emerging Media Artists in 2007, which she used to create the short film "The Muse". Truong also received a Mary Pickford Scholarship for Excellence in Directing from the The American Film Institute.
Feature Films.
"Someone I Used to Know".
Truong directed her first feature in 2012 previously titled "nightdreamblues" but was re-titled "Someone I Used to Know," written by West Liang, and starring Brian Yang, Eddie Mui, Emily Chang, West Liang, Tzi Ma, and Diana Lee Inosanto. The film also premiered at the 2013 CAAMFest, formerly known as the San Francisco International Asian American Film Festival, and was described as "a bittersweet drama" that is "a new-millennium remix of such classic eighties’ ensemble dramas as "The Breakfast Club" and "St. Elmo's Fire"". The film also screened at the 2013 Los Angeles Asian Pacific Film Festival and the 2013 Asian American International Film Festival in New York City, drawing further comparisons to the films "Less Than Zero", "The Anniversary Party" and "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?".
"Senior Project".
In 2013, Truong directed feature film entitled "Senior Project" written by a 16-year-old Hong Kong high school student named Jeremy Lin (not the basketball player). Fabienne Wen and her daughter Ellie Wen (who wrote and produced Quentin Lee's "White Frog") produced the film through their banner Itsy Bitsy Productions, along with Stephane Gauger ("Saigon Electric") and Yaron Kaplan. The film stars Ryan Potter (who plays the main character, Mike Fukanaga on Nickelodeon's "Supah Ninjas") as the primary protagonist, "Peter," Vanessa Marano (ABC Family's "Switched at Birth") as "Sam," Meaghan Martin (the main character, Jo, in "Mean Girls 2", ABC's "10 Things I Hate About You") as "Natalia," Sterling Beaumon ("Lost", "Red Widow") as "Spencer," Kyle Massey ("That's So Raven", "Cory in the House") as "Andy," Youtube star Lana McKissack as "Jill," and stand-up comedian and actor Margaret Cho as "Ms. Ghetty."
Background.
Truong was born in Germany and now lives in Los Angeles. She received her B.A. degree in Anthropology from UCLA and her MFA in Directing at the American Film Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="36723627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723627" title="List of Tamil Nadu Government Engineering Colleges">
List of Tamil Nadu Government Engineering Colleges

This is the List of Government of Tamil Nadu's Engineering Colleges
References.
Click to View Engineering Colleges in Tamilnadu

</doc>
<doc id="36723645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723645" title="Transmission (Violent Delight album)">
Transmission (Violent Delight album)

Transmission is the first album by the English punk band Violent Delight, released in 2003 by the WEA label.

</doc>
<doc id="36723648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723648" title="AeroVironment Switchblade">
AeroVironment Switchblade

The Switchblade is an unmanned aerial vehicle developed by AeroVironment. It is designed as a "kamikaze," being able to crash into its target with an explosive warhead to destroy it. The Switchblade is small enough to be carried in a backpack and can be launched from a variety of ground, maritime, and air platforms.
Design.
The Switchblade is designed as an expendable UAV to increase precision firepower for platoon-sized infantry units. It is long and weighs including the carrying case and launcher, making it small and light enough for one soldier to carry. The Switchblade is folded up inside a tube with wings unfolding once it gets airborne. It can be controlled up to but its small size limits its endurance to 10 minutes. This makes it unsuited for scouting roles, but it is useful for inexpensively engaging long-range targets and assisting in relieving units pinned down by enemy fire. The Switchblade uses a color camera and GPS locating to identify, track, and engage targets, as well as being able to be pre-programmed on a collision course. Its warhead has an explosive charge equivalent to a 40mm grenade to destroy light armored vehicles and personnel. If a situation causes a strike to be called off, the operator can bring the Switchblade back to be reused. The aircraft is propelled by an electric engine, so its small size and silent flight makes it extremely difficult to detect or try to intercept. The Switchblade uses to same Ground Control Station (GCS) as other AeroVironment UAVs including the Wasp, RQ-11 Raven, and RQ-20 Puma. This creates commonality and the potential for teaming of longer-endurance small UAVs to recon for targets, then having the Switchblade attack once they are identified with the same controller.
History.
The Switchblade was first unveiled in August 2011 to fill a gap U.S. troops were facing in Afghanistan. If insurgents ambush a patrol, options available to push back the attacks were limited. Close air support takes time to arrive, is expensive to conduct, and risks collateral damage if in urban areas. If the troops are out of range of artillery support, guided missiles like the FGM-148 Javelin are available, but also very expensive. Another problem was that small man-portable UAVs like the Raven or Puma that can spot threats have no way of quickly engaging them because available weapons are too heavy for them to carry. The Switchblade combines the man-portability, low-cost, and recon ability of small UAVs with an explosive warhead to quickly locate and destroy enemy fighters, especially in dug-in positions like rooftops or ridge lines. On 29 July 2011, the U.S. Army awarded AeroVironemt a $4.9 million contract for "rapid fielding" an unspecified number of Switchblades to forces in Afghanistan. On 20 March 2012, the Army awarded a contract modification to the company of $5.1 million, totaling a $10 million order for Switchblade UAVs.
In May 2012, the United States Marine Corps began the process of ordering the Switchblade UAV to enable an organic ability to engage targets like improvised explosive device emplacement teams. Usually when air support is called in, attackers slip away before a large UAV, attack helicopter, fighter-bomber, or quick reaction force can arrive on station. Marines sometimes couldn't get support due to other units getting mission priority. The Switchblade is small enough to fit in a Marine's ALICE pack and locks onto and tracks a target once selected.
75 Switchblades were supplied to U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan in late 2012. It was awaiting final approvals for use by late October, but several successful employments had occurred by January 2013. Although the military would not confirm details about its deployment, effectiveness, distribution, or tactical employment, commanders reported that it was "very effective." Shortly after, a joint urgent needs statement was requested by the Army theater commanders for more systems. The number requested was not specified, but was "dramatically more" than the 75 systems initially supplied and exceeded budget limitations. The Switchblade gained notoriety among soldiers using it and insurgents being targeted by it. The Army classifies it as a direct fire munition rather than a drone. Soldiers embraced it as a valuable tool, especially to reduce collateral damage. Unlike most other weapons, the Switchblade can wave off or abort a mission if the situation changes after launch, allowing it to engage a secondary target or destroy itself without inflicting casualties or property damage.
On 28 August 2013, AeroVironment announced it had been awarded five contracts totaling $15.8 million to supply more Switchblade systems, ancillary equipment, and support to the Army. One week later, The Pentagon gave the company a follow-on contract worth $6.6 million. On 5 September 2013, AeroVironment was awarded a $29 million contract modification to supply Switchblade munitions systems and associated hardware and support services, totaling $51.4 million worth in contracts announced over nine days.

</doc>
<doc id="36723651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723651" title="Swimming at the 2001 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 2001 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre freestyle

The men's 200 metre freestyle event at the 2001 World Aquatic Championships took place 25 July. The heats and semi-finals were on the 24 July.
Results.
Final.
Key: WR = World record

</doc>
<doc id="36723654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723654" title="Route 26 (Uruguay)">
Route 26 (Uruguay)

Route 26 is a national route of Uruguay. It is one of the main Uruguayan routes covering the country from west to east, connecting Río Branco to other cities like Melo and Tacuarembó. It's "Kilometer Zero"(starting point), is at the route 3 junction.
This route covers a distance of 486 km (302 mi).
Destinations.
These are the populated places Route 26 passes through.
Barão de Mauá International Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="36723661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723661" title="As Long as You Love Me (Backstreet Boys song)">
As Long as You Love Me (Backstreet Boys song)

"As Long As You Love Me" is the second single by the Backstreet Boys from their debut album in the United States and the second single from "Backstreet's Back" internationally. It was released in September 1997 internationally and in October of the same year in the United States. It is one of the bands' largest hits and considered one of their signature songs. It peaked at #1 in New Zealand and the Philippines, #2 in Australia and Austria, #3 in the United Kingdom, #4 in Switzerland and Sweden, and #5 in the Netherlands and Norway. At The 1997 MTV Europe Music Awards the song won "Select Video". This single was also featured on the 1998 compilation album "Now That's What I Call Music! (original U.S. album)".
Background.
The song is their biggest selling single in the UK and the 13th biggest selling boyband single of the 1990s in the UK selling 430,000 copies. In the US, although it was never released as a commercial single, it became an MTV staple and a radio airplay hit, spending 56 weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay chart, with a peak of #4. It's about a man professing his love for a woman. In the song, he tells her he doesn't care about her shady past, as long as she loves him back. The song was a last minute addition to the album, as Clive Calder, then-chairman of Zomba, heard the song and called Jive Records president Barry Weiss, who then contacted the band's manager, Johnny Wright. Due to an error on the part of someone in the production chain, an early mix of "As Long As You Love Me" was included on the re-release 1997 US "Backstreet Boys" album, but not on "Backstreet's Back". The original release of the US debut album had the "LP Version" included. But once the album was re-released, the "Video Version" was included on the album. This allegedly annoyed writer and producer Max Martin. This version subsequently became the version released as a single to radio and video. It has different instrumentation and mixing, as well as a slightly different structure, very similar to their previous US single, "Quit Playing Games (with My Heart)". The US version is usually listed as the "Radio" or "Video Version", while the international version is typically listed as "Album" or "LP Version". Also, due to illness and the deadline for the song, member A. J. McLean's vocals do not appear on the recorded version of the song. He was taught the background vocals by Brian Littrell at the music video shoot on June 15, 1997.
Music video.
The video was directed by Nigel Dick and filmed on June 15, 1997 in Pasadena, California. It shows the band auditioning before six ladies. The number was chosen so that the ladies would not appear to be matched up with the band members. The ladies video tape the performances and take notes. The band members primarily sing and dance, but each member also has a short "screen test" vignette in which he dresses up in a costume and performs various unusual activities. At the bridge, the members switch places with the ladies and have them perform screen tests. The positions reverse again near the end of the song. The dance for this song, as featured in the video, includes a dance that uses folding chairs as part of the choreography. For many years after the song's release, the band would end most performances of the song with the same chair dance routine. There are special effects utilized in the video. Most notably, morphing sequences where the face of one member would morph into the next's, as well as quick dissolves or straight cuts between footage of the members each doing the chair routine in the same exact position of the set. The cuts cause a working fan in the background to appear to stutter in its spin. One of the models featured was Leighanne Wallace, who Littrell ultimately married in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36723673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723673" title="Ryan Allsop">
Ryan Allsop

Ryan Allsop (born 17 June 1992) is a professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Football League Championship side Bournemouth. He started his career as a youth player at West Bromwich Albion, before moving to Millwall in 2011. He subsequently joined League One club Leyton Orient in July 2012.
Career.
Allsop began his career in the youth ranks at West Bromwich Albion, progressing to the reserve team before being called up to sit on the bench for a first team match against Wigan Athletic. During his time at West Bromwich, he was called up to the England U17 team, and he also spent time on loan with Stockport County, although he did not play.
He was signed by Millwall manager Kenny Jackett in May 2011, but did not make a first-team appearance for the Lions, and he was released in April 2012 after becoming fourth-choice goalkeeper at the club. He subsequently signed a short-term deal with Icelandic club Höttur, making 10 appearances in league and cup before moving back to England and signing for Leyton Orient on a six-month contract in July 2012.
With Orient's first- and second-choice goalkeepers Jamie Jones and Lee Butcher injured, Allsop made his professional debut in the first game of the 2012–13 season, a Football League Cup tie at Charlton Athletic on 14 August 2012. The match ended in a 1–1 draw and a penalty shoot-out, in which Allsop saved Johnnie Jackson's penalty as Orient went through to the second round 4–3. He made his league debut on 1 September in the 1–0 defeat at Crawley Town.
Allsop signed for Bournemouth on a free transfer on 18 January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36723695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723695" title="Jimmy Grafton">
Jimmy Grafton

James Douglas "Jimmy" Grafton, (19 May 1916 – 2 June 1986), was a producer, writer and theatrical agent. He served in World War II as an officer in the Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire Regiment and was awarded the Military Cross for his actions during Operation Market Garden. 
After the war he worked within his family publican business, taking over as manager at Grafton's pub in London while also acting as a part-time scriptwriter. The pub served as a meeting place for many comedians, including Spike Milligan, Harry Secombe, Peter Sellers and Michael Bentine. Grafton was instrumental in ensuring the quartet were hired by the BBC for their new programme, eventually called "The Goon Show". Grafton also acted as a script editor for the first three series of the show. He continued with scriptwriting for other artistes and acted as Harry Secombe's agent for over 25 years. 
He died in 1986, at the age of 70.
Biography.
Grafton was born on 19 May 1916 in Westminster, London; he had a twin brother, Peter. He was educated at Westminster City School in London and Sutton Vallance School in Kent. He was commissioned into the Territorial Army in 1935.
During World War II Grafton transferred as a major to the Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire Regiment. He was awarded a Military Cross for his actions during Operation Market Garden, where he had been involved in hand-to-hand fighting; he also requested an artillery barrage on his own position because it was being overrun by German tanks. While waiting for his demobilisation he started writing sketches for the entertainment of the men in his command.
After his demobilisation in 1946, he returned to London and became publican of Grafton's, a pub which had been in the Grafton family's possession since 1848. In addition to his duties as a publican, Grafton was also a Westminster city councillor and later a scriptwriter for the comedian Derek Roy, for use in the series "Variety Bandbox". Roy was also Grafton's second cousin.
One of the patrons of Grafton's was Michael Bentine, an ex-intelligence officer and comedian, who introduced Grafton to Harry Secombe; Grafton recognised Secombe's voice as one of the actors on "Variety Bandbox". Secombe and Bentine introduced Grafton to two other comedians shortly thereafter, Peter Sellers and Spike Milligan. When Milligan was looking for a new place to stay, Grafton offered him a room above the pub, and the four comedians used Grafton's as their meeting place. As their act developed towards what was later to become "The Goon Show", Grafton would act as advisor to their comedy and careers, earning him the nickname KOGVOS—(Keeper of Goons and Voice of Sanity). With the four comics spending time at the pub, and with Grafton scriptwriting for an increasing number of people, the hostelry attracted an increasing number of friends from radio and show business, including Terry-Thomas, Jimmy Edwards, Dick Emery, Tommy Cooper, Kenneth More, Beryl Reid, Clive Dunn and Graham Stark.
In 1950 Grafton used his connections within the BBC to arrange an audition for the Goons; he also secured the BBC announcer, Andrew Timothy, to act as the programme's link man. Timothy had also been a fellow officer from Grafton's old regiment during the war. The first audition tape was not successful, but a second, recorded in 1951, led to the hiring of the Goons for their first series, "Crazy People"; Grafton acted as script editor for this series and the following two, which were broadcast under the name "The Goon Show".
By this stage Grafton was acting as one of Secombe's two agents, a role he performed for over 25 years, while continuing with his career as a scriptwriter. During his writing career, Grafton wrote more than 500 programmes, including 200 sitcoms. His output included all aspects of broadcast media, with his work on the radio, such as "Variety Bandbox", "The Goon Show" and "Billy Cotton Band Show"; films that included "Down Among the Z Men", "A Santa for Christmas" and "Sunstruck"; and television, including "The Dickie Henderson Half-Hour", "Pepys" and a range of programmes with Harry Secombe.
Grafton was married to Dorothy (née Bleackley) and the couple had two children, James and Sally. He died in Chichester, West Sussex, on 2 June 1986, at the age of 70; a memorial service was held at the Military Chapel of the Chelsea Barracks on 22 September that year.
Notes and references.
Notes
References

</doc>
<doc id="36723697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723697" title="Sinfire">
Sinfire

Sinfire Cinnamon Whisky is a brand of blended whisky made with natural cinnamon flavors, imported, bottled, and distributed by Hood River Distillers, Inc., located in Hood River, Oregon, and known as the largest and oldest importer, producer, and bottler of distilled spirits in the Northwest. Launched in February 2012, the whisky has a flavor reminiscent of Red Hots candy. The 70 proof spirit is available in 750 ml, 375 ml and 50 ml sizes.
History.
Founded in 1934 and headquartered in Hood River, Oregon, Hood River Distillers is the Northwest's largest and oldest importer, producer, bottler and marketer of distilled spirits. Pendleton Whisky, Pendleton 1910, Broker's London Dry Gin, Sinfire Cinnamon Whisky, Yazi Ginger Vodka, ULLR Nordic Libation, HRD Vodka and the complete line of Monarch distilled spirits are just a few of the company's brands distributed across the country. Hood River Distillers is a member of the Century Council and promotes responsible drinking.
The Sazerac Company, maker of Fireball Cinnamon Whisky, sued the Hood River Distillers over the allegedly confusing trade name and marketing of its product, "SinFire Cinnamon Whisky".
The company has changed the labeling, so that it has a thermochromic temperature-sensitive color morphing label. This is intended to inform consumers when the bottle is at the optimal serving temperature of 32 degrees Fahrenheit.
Similar products.
Cinnamon has become an important flavoring for many kinds of liquor, and is touted as a way to increase sales.
Somewhat similar products Red Stag Spiced by Jim Beam, DeKuyper Hot Damn!, Gold Strike cinnamon liqueur containing gold snippets produced by Lucas Bols, and Goldschlager Cinnamon Schnapps containing gold flecks which also have cinnamon as an ingredient in high potency liqueurs.
Joining the 'cinnamon-liquor band wagon' are products that feature cinnamon-infused vodka, including Smirnoff's Cinna-Sugar Twist. In November 2013, Beam's Pinnacle Vodka and Cinnabon teamed up to introduce their own brand of cinnamon flavored vodka, Cinnabon Vodka. Yet another is Stolichnaya Zinamom Vodka.
A "sprinkle" of cinnamon and real cream is combined with Virgin Islands rum in Chila 'Orchata Cinnamon Cream Rum.
The first cinnamon flavored Tequila is Peligroso Cinnamon Tequila made from 100% Blue Agave launched in March, 2013. However, a cinnamon cream tequila liquer expression called Hot Rose made by McCormick Distilling Company of Missouri with a unique plastic package antedates Peligroso. A follower is Jose Cuervo's Cinge.
Rakomelo, that is Cinnamon and honey brandy concoctions, called "Cinnamon liqueur" and made with Rakı or Tsipouro, are popular in parts of Greece.
For those who wish to make their own "cinnamon liqueur" there is much controversy concerning the proper ingredients. Particularly, some purported "cinnamon" (that found in "cinnamon sticks") isn't in fact cinnamon. as the latter may be banned or limited in some countries due to the presence of coumarin.

</doc>
<doc id="36723703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723703" title="Marybeth Linzmeier">
Marybeth Linzmeier

Marybeth Linzmeier-Dorst (born July 24, 1963) is an American former competition swimmer.
Early life.
She was a star swimmer at Mission Viejo High School in Mission Viejo, California and qualified for the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow in several swimming events. Due to the 1980 Summer Olympics boycott, however, she did not participate in the Olympics.
Collegiate career.
She went on to compete in collegiate swimming at Stanford University, where she won eight individual NCAA titles and was later named to the Stanford Athletic Hall of Fame. Linzmeier missed qualifying for the 1984 U.S. Olympics team by three one-hundredths (0.03) of a second.
After swimming.
Linzmeier Dorst is a real estate broker in the San Francisco Bay Area. She and her husband, Christopher Dorst, a silver medalist as a member of the 1984 U.S. Olympic water polo team, have three daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="36723705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723705" title="List of American politicians of Armenian descent">
List of American politicians of Armenian descent

This article is the list of Armenian American politicians, officeholders and party chairpersons. 
Bold indicates incumbent officeholders.
"Note: persons are classified by chronological order"

</doc>
<doc id="36723719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723719" title="Hassan Al Mohamed">
Hassan Al Mohamed

Hassan Al Mohamed (born 24 August 1988) is a Lebanese footballer who plays for Sarawak FA in Malaysia Super League. He has previously played for Al-Nejmeh SC.
He is currently a regular squad member of the Lebanon national football team at 2014 World Cup qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="36723720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723720" title="Pylons project">
Pylons project

Pylons Project is an open source project that develops a set of web application frameworks written in Python. Initially the project was little more than a single web framework but with the merger repoze.bfg framework under the new name Pyramid, the Pylons project now consists of multiple web application frameworks.
Pylons Framework.
Pylons Framework is an open source Web application framework written in Python. It makes extensive use of the Web Server Gateway Interface standard to promote reusability and to separate functionality into distinct modules. It is strongly influenced by Ruby on Rails: two of its main components, Routes and WebHelpers, are Python reimplementations of Rails features.
Structure.
Pylons is well known for having a near-complete stack of third-party tools, eschewing the "not–invented–here" phenomenon.
Installation, dependencies, and setup.
The official installation method of Pylons is through EasyInstall via the Python Package Index (pypi), and most of the additional tools are typically installed the same way. EasyInstall also handles package dependencies when relevant. Some distributions could also package Pylons and Paste, but it is likely that any distribution's packages would lag the official distribution. Pylons may also be installed by hand by renaming its .egg file to .zip and extracting the contents.
Paste is used for project setup, testing, and deployment. Using the common INI configuration format, Paste allows for multiple "profiles", so that developers can run development and deployment setups from the same codebase without revealing sensitive parts of Pylons, such as the interactive debugger, to production users.
URL dispatch.
Currently the only widely used URL dispatcher for Pylons is Routes, a Python reimplementation of Ruby on Rails' URL dispatching, although any WSGI-compatible URL dispatcher can be used. While Routes is a separate library, it was developed for use in Pylons and its development remains closely in sync with Pylons.
HTML generation.
Another piece of Rails adapted for Pylons is WebHelpers, which provides URL mapping based on the Routes configuration. WebHelpers also provides some utility functions for generating JavaScript code making use of the script.aculo.us and Prototype libraries.
FormEncode and FormBuild are used for HTML form validation and generation; there has been some use of Mako for form generation using Mako's inheritance model.
Templating.
Myghty was the default Pylons templating language, but as of version 0.9.6 it has been replaced by Mako. Both templating languages are text-based (as opposed to XML-based), and support includes, inheritance and embedding arbitrary Python code.
Because of Pylons' loosely coupled layers, other templating languages can be used as well. Genshi, an XML-based templating language, can be used in lieu of either Mako or Myghty.
Database abstraction and object-relational mapping.
Pylons has no default database library. Both SQLObject and SQLAlchemy are known to be used.
Merger with repoze.bfg and birth of Pyramid Web Framework.
Pylons has developed into the Pylons Project, and the old code from Pylons 1.0 is being supported indefinitely. However, pursuant to the project's merger with repoze.bfg since November 2010, newer versions of Pylons are actually different from the original Pylons 1.0. Pylons developers initially planned to rewrite certain portions of the code but they observed that the new code was approximating to repoze.bfg, which led the merger of Pylons and repoze.bfg. This led to repoze.bfg (a part of the Repoze Python-based web framework) to become rebranded and relaunched as the Pyramid web framework.
Pyramid.
Pyramid is an open source web framework written in Python and is based on WSGI. It is a minimalistic web framework inspired by Zope, Pylons and Django. 
Originally called "repoze.bfg", Pyramid gathered attention mostly in the Zope and Plone community as the Open Society Institute's KARL project migrated from Plone to BFG. In 2010 it was announced that the Pylons framework will move over to using BFG as a base in version 1.5. As a result of the inclusion of BFG into the Pylons project, BFG was renamed Pyramid.
Features.
Pyramid is a minimalistic, platform-independent MVC object publishing web framework. It is persistence agnostic and is integrated both with SQL databases via SQLAlchemy, but also has integration with the Zope Object Database and other NoSQL databases, such as CouchDB.
Pyramid also allows you to define routes that take regular expressions that map to objects, like most other frameworks. Like its fellow framework Zope, Pyramid also allows hierarchical object traversal, where each part of a URL is an object containing other objects, in a way that is similar to folders.

</doc>
<doc id="36723726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723726" title="Zingbot 3000">
Zingbot 3000

Zingbot 3000 is a robot visitor that is featured on the American version of the television show "Big Brother", which airs on CBS.
The robot, which is actually a human in a robot costume, is a form of comic relief and offers one line insults ("zingers") to each of the house guests in an annoying, mechanical sounding voice. Each insult is followed by the comment, "Zing!", which has entered the popular lexicon, particularly within the house.
Appearances.
Zingbot 3000 made its first appearance on "Big Brother 12" during one of the "Power of Veto" competitions. During "Big Brother 13", its appearance coincided with a veto competition where the house guests raced to build the "Bride of Zingbot;" in "Big Brother 14", the theme was to build a Zingbot baby during one of the veto competitions. The Zingbot 3000 also made a cameo appearance at the "Big Brother 12" season finale. Zingbot 3000 attended Comic Con in 2011. Zingbot is scheduled to make a return on August 28th, 2013 during Big Brother 15.

</doc>
<doc id="36723731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723731" title="Chris Reif">
Chris Reif

Chris Reif is a retired American soccer who played professionally in the Major Indoor Soccer League and American Professional Soccer League.
Reif graduated from Calvert Hall High School. He attended the University of Connecticut, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1984 to 1987. He was team captain his senior season as he earned Third Team All American honors. In 1988, the Cleveland Force selected Reif in the fourth round of the Major Indoor Soccer League draft but folded a few weeks later. Reif turned professional in 1988 with the Maryland Bays of the American Soccer League. He played with the Bays through the 1991 season. He was a 1990 and 1991 American Professional Soccer League Second Team All League defender. In May 1991, the Baltimore Blast signed Reif to a fifteen day contract.

</doc>
<doc id="36723737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723737" title="Curtis Mayfield discography">
Curtis Mayfield discography

This is the discography of musician Curtis Mayfield.
Singles and charted songs.
Chart hits by other artists written by Mayfield.
Mayfield was a prolific composer. In addition to writing or co-writing almost all of the hit singles he had as a member of The Impressions and as a solo artist, Mayfield also wrote (and sometimes produced) numerous hits for other artists. The following is a list of chart hits, arranged chronologically, that were written (or co-written) by Curtis Mayfield and performed by artists other than Mayfield and/or The Impressions:

</doc>
<doc id="36723741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723741" title="List of Hollywood Records albums">
List of Hollywood Records albums

This is a list of albums released by Hollywood Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36723751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723751" title="David Henderson (American journalist)">
David Henderson (American journalist)

David Henderson was a CBS Network News television and radio journalist. He appeared on the CBS Evening News, CBS Morning News and other programs. After reporting from the Vietnam War, Henderson’s investigative news stories included an exposé of conditions in America’s cotton industry and workers who suffered from byssinosis or “brown lung disease,” (aka Byssinosis) caused by dust during cotton processing. In a series of reports uncovering the safety of airliners, he reported that the plastic interiors of commercial airliners released deadly toxic gases during fires. He won a national Emmy Award.
After leaving CBS News, Henderson has owned a consulting firm which has advised businesses and organizations worldwide on strategic communications, and crisis and reputation managements challenges. Henderson is credited with pioneering brand journalism, the use of timely and relevant news online to create significantly more influence and trust for clients.
He is a native on the Washington, D.C., area and attended George Mason University and Morehead State University. Henderson is author of “Making News in the Digital Era” and “Making News: A Straight-Shooting Guide to Media Relations,” which is used widely as a university textbook. He has taught at the University of Virginia and lectures at George Washington University.

</doc>
<doc id="36723780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723780" title="Limeum">
Limeum

Limeum is a genus of flowering plants. "Limeum" has traditionally been recognized as belonging to the Molluginaceae family, but is now treated as the sole genus in the family Limeaceae. The family is newly recognized through research by the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group III system to deal with long-standing phylogenetic difficulties in placing various genera within the Caryophyllales. "Limeum" comprises subshrub and herbaceous species native to tropical, eastern and southern Africa, and South Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="36723788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723788" title="Nathan Ralph">
Nathan Ralph

Nathanael Anthony "Nathan" Ralph (born 14 February 1993) is an English footballer who plays for Football League Championship side Yeovil Town as a left back.
Career.
On 14 August 2012, Ralph made his Yeovil debut in the Football League Cup against Colchester United in a 3–0 victory. He scored his first goal for the club in a 3-1 victory over Preston in a League One match, having come on as a substitute midway through the second half. He made 17 appearances in the 2012–13 campaign, though did not feature in the play-off final victory over Brentford which took the "Glovers" into the Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36723823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723823" title="Khawnglung Run">
Khawnglung Run

Khawnglung Run (English: "The Massacre of Khawnglung" or "The Raid of Khawnglung") is a 2012 Mizo-language Action Romantic epic film directed by Mapuia Chawngthu based on true events of the historical massacre of Khawnglung during 1856-1859. The Khawnglung village raid was one of the most famous and the greatest massacre in Mizo history.
Filming began in 20 May 2010 and completed after three months. Major filming took place at Khawnglung Village set created on the top of Darkhuang Hill, Thenzawl, Tui Rihiau, Mat River, Nghasih Valley, Kawmzawl, Zohnuai High School compound and Pukthiang. Although filming was completed early, the processing took almost two years.
Soundtrack.
A music video on the original sound track 'Khawnglung Run' was released on May 27, 2012. The song was performed by C.Lalruatkima, music by Kima Chhangte and composed by LT Muana Khiangte.

</doc>
<doc id="36723831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723831" title="Fittipaldi machine gun">
Fittipaldi machine gun

The Fittipaldi machine gun is a recoil-operated firearm designed by Rafael Fittipaldi (an Italian immigrant to Argentina) and patented as USPTO number 1,099,245, of June 9, 1914. It uses the barrel of the Argentinian Mauser Model 1891 rifle as well as its bolt, the latter adapted for rectilinear action. The Fittipaldi machine gun was fed by a non-disintegrating belt and used a traditional tripod as mount. A water jacket covered the entire length of its barrel, giving it an external appearance similar to the Lewis Gun.
The Fittipaldi machine gun was not adopted by the Argentine Army. Little is known about its history or performance, including why it was not adopted. The prototype, dated to 1912, is on display in Room XVI "Freedom Walk" from the Museum of Arms of the Nation, Buenos Aires, Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="36723844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723844" title="List of dams and reservoirs in Texas">
List of dams and reservoirs in Texas

Following is a list of dams and reservoirs in Texas. 
All major dams are linked below. The National Inventory of Dams defines any "major dam" as being tall with a storage capacity of at least , or of any height with a storage capacity of .

</doc>
<doc id="36723848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723848" title="Mariënhof">
Mariënhof

__NOTOC__
Mariënhof was a restaurant located in Amersfoort, in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1996-2001.
Head chef of "Mariënhof" was Jon Sistermans.
The restaurant ended due to the transfer of ownership of the former monastery from insurance company "Amersfoortse Verzekeringen" to the "Van den Tweel Horeca Groep". The new owners changed course and wanted the restaurant to leave the fine dining and move into a lower class. After Sistermans left, the restaurant was closed.
Restaurant "Mariënhof" and its chef Jon Sistermans were at the centre of a big row around the restaurant review magazine "Lekker" in the year 2000. He accused "Lekker" of deliberately damaging restaurants and staff without reason. Sistermans started the campaign "Lekker Beest 2001" and an advertiser boycott, to let the magazine change course. The magazine gave in and appointed a new chief editor with a culinary background and softened its language.
Head chef Sistermans was also culinary responsible for the Michelin starred De Rôtisserie in the same complex, although Mandy the Jong was the head chef in charge. Shortly after being burned down by “Lekker”, De Rôtisserie was awarded its own Michelin star.

</doc>
<doc id="36723875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723875" title="Sutiya Jiewchaloemmit">
Sutiya Jiewchaloemmit

Sutiya Jiewchaloemmit (born 1986) is a Thai sport shooter. She was born in Bangkok. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she placed fifth in skeet. She also competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36723889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723889" title="The Young Romans">
The Young Romans

The Young Romans are a pop/indie duo from Los Angeles, California, currently signed to Red Parade Music Group. The duo consists of singer/piano-player Brad Hooks, and Chilean-born singer/guitar player Sari Mellafe. Although they each come from opposite ends of the musical spectrum - Brad with a penchant for perfectly constructed pop songs, and Sari for haunting and ethereal sounds - their songwriting styles meet in the middle to create a unique and beautiful balance.
History.
In 2010, they were signed to producer Jim Roach (Producer)'s label Red Parade Music and released their first EP "Yesterday Night". Over the next two years, the two worked in the studio with Jim further developing their sound until they were ready to release their first full-length album, "Tiger Child". 
Their second single "Where You Go" was featured as the end credits song in the Ewan McGregor / Emily Blunt film, "Salmon Fishing in the Yemen", yet again putting the band on the world stage. 
They plan to continue to tour throughout 2013 to support their new record.

</doc>
<doc id="36723894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723894" title="Federico Cesi (cardinal)">
Federico Cesi (cardinal)

Federico Cesi (1500–1565) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
Federico Cesi was born in Rome on July 2, 1500, the son of Roman noble Angelo Cesi and his wife Francesca Cardoli. He was the younger brother of Cardinal Paolo Emilio Cesi.
He studied law at the University of Rome and then practiced law in Rome. He later left legal practice to become a priest.
On June 12, 1523, he was elected Bishop of Todi, with dispensation for not having reached the canonical age. He was consecrated as a bishop in Rome on July 25, 1524 by Paris de Grassis, Bishop of Pesaro. He soon became a member of the Apostolic Camera.
Pope Paul III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of December 19, 1544. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Pancrazio on July 9, 1545. He resigned the government of the Diocese of Todi on March 11, 1545. From November 9, 1549 to February 12, 1552, he was the administrator of the Diocese of Caserta.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1549-50 that elected Pope Julius III. He opted for the titular church of Santa Prisca on February 28, 1550.
From July 15, 1550 to March 14, 1551, he was the administrator of the Diocese of Vulturaria e Montecorvino. He then administered the Diocese of Cremona from March 18, 1551 until March 13, 1560. He also served as Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals from January 7, 1555 to January 10, 1556.
He was a participant in both the papal conclave of April 1555 that elected Pope Marcellus II and the papal conclave of May 1555 that elected Pope Paul IV.
On September 20, 1557, he opted for the order of cardinal bishops, receiving the suburbicarian see of Palestrina.
He then participated in the papal conclave of 1559 that elected Pope Pius IV.
He opted for the suburbicarian see of Frascati on May 18, 1562, and then for the suburbicarian see of Porto e Santa Rufina on May 12, 1564. During this period he was Vice-Dean of the College of Cardinals.
Cardinal Cesi was friends with Charles Borromeo, Ignatius of Loyola, and Philip Neri.
Cardinal Cesi died in Rome on January 28, 1565. Following a funeral at Santa Caterina dei Funari, he was buried in the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore.

</doc>
<doc id="36723895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723895" title="Let Not Man Put Asunder">
Let Not Man Put Asunder

Let Not Man Put Asunder was a 1924 American silent drama film starring Pauline Frederick, produced and directed by J. Stuart Blackton, and distributed by Vitagraph, a company Blackton co-founded. The story is based on a 1902 novel of the same name by Basil King. 
Preservation status.
This film is now considered a lost film. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723896" title="Incredible Revisited">
Incredible Revisited

Incredible Revisited is the fourth studio album by British singer/actor Davy Jones, formerly a member of The Monkees.
Background.
In the mid to late 1980s, the Monkees made a successful comeback. New material entered the charts, whilst their back catalogue also sold well and, as a consequence, Jones thought this would be a perfect time to produce a new solo album.
Production.
Tracks featuring on the album, and on later expanded re-issues, were recorded between February 1986 and July 1987 at Ardent/Memphis Tennessee, Globe Studio/Sydney, Australia, Longview Farm/N. Brookfield, Massachusetts, Luxury Audio Workshop in Las Vegas Nevada, and at the Record Plant in New York. 
It was produced and arranged under the supervision of Jones, and co-produced by Mark Clarke, Joe Hardy and Robert Merrill. Engineering was by Tim Bomba, Bobby Cohen, Joe Henehan, Lee Watters, and Mark Weisinger. 
Musicians on the recording other than Jones included Mark Clarke, members of The Grass Roots, and members of The Monkees' touring band.
Reception.
The album sold poorly, possibly as a result of poor advertising. In an interview Jones stated that “I just plain didn’t care to put that much energy into promoting. Perhaps I should have. I just saw it as something to do for personal enjoyment and for the fans. Lord knows I spent enough money producing it. But the 80s were so busy for us. A lot of good things were set aside. My mind was on performing in 41,000 seat stadiums and having Monkees records all over the Top 40.”
Singles.
Four singles were released from the album:
Three of these four singles have been reissued. "I'll Love You Forever" was reissued in 1986, "After Your Heart" was reissued in 1987 and "Don't Go" was reissued in 1989.
Original release and reissues.
In total, Incredible Revisited was released four times under three different titles: "Incredible Revisited", "Incredible", and "Incredible Too!", which had an Alternate Track List.
Availability.
Due to poor initial sales, original copies became difficult to find; however in 2010, Jones' bandcamp site posted the album.
Album cover.
The album cover was a parody of a Jim Morrison photograph. The age of Jones in the picture suggests it was taken sometime between 1971 and 1986. Incredible's album cover featured Jones with long hair pointing to his right at the word "Incredible".

</doc>
<doc id="36723938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723938" title="Thomas Austin House">
Thomas Austin House

The Thomas Austin House on E. 500 North in Lehi, Utah was built in 1901. It includes Victorian architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1982.
The house was built for English-born local rancher Thomas Austin, for $4,000. According to its NRHP nomination, it is "the best example in Lehi of Victorian domestic architecture." And: "At a time when eclecticism and irregularity in house design
was at a premium, the Austin House projects an asymmetry of massing and mixing of historical details which is truly exceptional."

</doc>
<doc id="36723961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723961" title="Lynwinn, West Virginia">
Lynwinn, West Virginia

Lynwinn is an unincorporated community and coal town located in Raleigh County, West Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36723962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723962" title="Life Is a Beach">
Life Is a Beach

Life Is a Beach is the fifth studio album by German DJ Sash!. It was released worldwide on 31 August 2012 by Tokapi Recordings. The record includes two singles "What Is Life" and "The Secret", featuring vocals of Sarah Brightman.
Credits.
Release: 2012
Produced by: SASH! & Tokapi
Written by: Ralf Kappmeier, Thomas Alisson, Sascha Lappessen
Featurings/Vocals by: Natasha Anderson, Annakiya, Sarah Brightman, Max Klaas 

</doc>
<doc id="36723977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723977" title="Durante Duranti">
Durante Duranti

Durante Duranti (1507–1557) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
Durante Duranti was born in Palazzolo sull'Oglio on October 5, 1507. As a young man, he studied jurisprudence in Brescia and became a cleric in Brescia.
Moving to Rome, he became a privy chamberlain in the papal household of Pope Paul III. In 1535, Cardinal Allessandro Farnese, "iuniore" made Duranti vicar of the Abbey of San Michele de Coniolo. He served as Prefect of the Pontifical Household under Pope Paul III.
On June 25, 1538, he was elected Bishop of Alghero; he was consecrated as a bishop in Rome on March 12, 1540. He was transferred to the see of Cassano on February 18, 1541.
Pope Paul III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of December 19, 1544. He received the red hat and the titular church of Santi Apostoli on January 9, 1545. The pope then named him papal legate in Camerino, Spoleto, and Umbria on October 19, 1545.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1549-50 that elected Pope Julius III. He was transferred to the see of Brescia on February 18, 1551.
He was a participant in both the papal conclave of April 1555 that elected Pope Marcellus II and the papal conclave of May 1555 that elected Pope Paul IV.
He died in Brescia on December 24, 1557. He was buried in Brescia Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="36723986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723986" title="All Saints Church, Hollingbourne">
All Saints Church, Hollingbourne

All Saints Church is a parish church in Hollingbourne, Kent. It was begun in the 14th century and is a Grade I listed building. The church contains numerous monuments to the local Culpeper family.
Building.
The church was begun in the 14th century and was altered and extended in the 15th century, in 1638, 1869 and 1903. The church is constructed of flint and ashlar stone work and has plain tiled roofs. It was restored in 1876 by George Gilbert Scott, Jr. and is a Grade I listed building.
The nave is adjoined by aisles on the north and south sides and the chancel has a chapel on its north side and a vestry to its south. The west tower comprises three stages. A moulded string course with gargoyles is topped by a battlemented parapet. Single-light cinquefoil headed windows are located on the first stage above the west doorway and on each side of the second stage. The belfry windows are similar, but two-lighted.
The north aisle is late 14th century and contains three three-lighted traceried windows, the easternmost one with a trefoiled head. The attached porch is constructed of flint with a moulded stone coping, inner and outer doorways, and trefoil-headed windows to the sides. The north aisle and the porch are both buttressed. The north chapel has an ashlar stone plinth and a battlemented parapet. Its east window is three-lighted with a segmental head. The chancel is late 14th century and was probably rebuilt after the earthquake of 1382. The east end contains a three-lighted window with cinquefoil-heads and tracery. The north and south walls of the chancel each contain two-lighted windows.
The south aisle is early 14th century with a moulded stone plinth. Buttresses are positioned on the south-west corner and on the south wall. The west end wall contains a three-lighted window and three two-lighted arched and traceried windows are located between the buttress on the south wall. The vestry was built in 1903 and continues the south aisle's moulded plinth. It contains a doorway on the east side and a two-lighted window on the south side.
Internally, the nave is separated from the aisles on each side with 14th-century arcades of three bays of pointed arches with octagonal columns; those to the north being later. The chapel is accessed by steps up from the north aisle and sits above a vault which partly extends under the east end of the north aisle. The nave has a crown post roof with moulded posts and chamfered tie beams. The chancel roof is of simple rafters and the roofs of the aisles are lean-tos. The font is octagonal on an octagonal stem and octagonal base. The pulpit is 17th century and hexagonal. The pews were installed by George Gilbert Scott, Jr. 
The vestry contains the "Culpeper needlework", a 17th-century embroidery on velvet associated with the Culpeper family, thought previously to have been an altar cloth, but now believed to be a funeral pall.
Monuments and memorials.
The church contains numerous monuments and memorials to the Culpeper family, owners of Leeds Castle and Hollingbourne Manor. These include Francis and Johanna Culpeper ("d". 1591 and 1597), Philippa Culpeper ("d". 1630), Elizabeth Culpeper ("d". 1638) and the first, third and fourth Barons Colepeper: John Colpeper ("d". 1660), John Colepeper ("d". 1719) and Cheny Colepeper ("d". 1725). Other memorials include those to Martin Barnham ("d". 1610, father of Sir Francis Barnham), Dame Grace Gethin ("d". 1697), Samuel Plummer ("d". 1705), Baldwin Duppa ("d". 1737) and Baldwin Duppa ("d". 1764). The memorials for the third and fourth barons and for the two members of the Duppa family are by John Michael Rysbrack.
The churchyard contains a number of Grade II listed 17th-, 18th- and 19th-century table tombs.</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="36724003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724003" title="Julie Ménard">
Julie Ménard

Julie Ménard is Canadian actress from Montreal, Quebec. Her work has been mainly shown in francophone Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="36724019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724019" title="Jan Wojnowski">
Jan Wojnowski

Jan Wojnowski (23 December 1946 in Torzewo - 9 February 1990 in Bydgoszcz) was a Polish weightlifter. Among his achievements was a fourth place at the 1968 Summer Olympics, and a bronze medal at the 1973 World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36724026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724026" title="The Immortals (neo-Nazis)">
The Immortals (neo-Nazis)

The Immortals (German "Die Unsterblichen") is a neo-Nazi organization based in Germany that uses flash mobs to coordinate, gather and demonstrate. The members wear black clothing with white facial masks and carry torches when they march.

</doc>
<doc id="36724042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724042" title="Shark Attack 3">
Shark Attack 3

Shark Attack 3: Megalodon is the second sequel to "Shark Attack", released in 2002 straight to video. The film is notable for featuring John Barrowman who later found fame in popular shows such as "Doctor Who" and "Torchwood". Barrowman has said in an interview on "Friday Night with Jonathan Ross" that he only did the film for the money, and was rather embarrassed when a clip from the film was shown. Actress Jenny McShane from the first "Shark Attack" film has a starring role, albeit as a completely different character.
The film is also notable because certain clips from it have become popular internet memes due to the unconvincing special effects, size-changing shark, and bizarre dialogue.
Plot.
The film begins with a group of divers installing a power cable at the bottom of the Pacific Ocean, when a shark swims up and kills one of them. Six months later, lifeguard Ben Carpenter and his partner Esai drive out to sea to catch some lobster. While diving, Ben finds a broken power cable with a large shark tooth stuck in it. After he pulls out the tooth, he is caught by two other divers, and soon goes back to land. Later he posts a description of the tooth online, but as he cannot find a matching shark tooth on the internet, he names it "mystery shark". Natural history researcher named Cataline "Cat" Stone gets the message, finds him and looks at the tooth. She believes it to come from a huge prehistoric shark called Megalodon (Greek for "big tooth").
Ben meets with his friend Chuck Rampart, who tells him he intends to take a look at the broken power cable. Ben tells him about the shark. Later, the animal kills two people who use a waterslide in the middle of the night. The next day Cat and her partners go out on a boat to find and tag the Megalodon. The shark shows up and smashes into their boat. Davis films it while Cat hooks a camera onto the sharks dorsal fin. The Megalodon leaves and later kills a man who was playing frisbee on the beach with his dog. Ben finds the man's severed leg and informs Cat about the attack, who in turn tells him about the Megalodon. Angry that she lied to him, he leaves.
The next day Ben, Cat, Davis and another partner go out to kill the shark, which they find out is heading toward a nearby resort. They manage to drive back out to sea, where it kills several more people. Ben tries to get his boss, Luis Ruiz, to close the beaches. Ruiz says he would, and then tells Ben to kill the Megalodon.
The crew goes back out to sea to kill the shark for good. Ben stabs the animal, which in turn begins ramming the boat, knocking Davis out cold. Cat goes into the cabin to get her shotgun, but the Megalodon busts into the boat, trying to eat her. Ben comes to her aid, beating the shark with a bat. Cat grabs her gun and shoots the shark, killing it. Afterwards, Esai arrives on his speedboat, when suddenly, the first shark's mother, a much larger Megalodon surfaces and swallows him and his boat whole. The shark then capsizes the boat, and swallows Davis and his friend in one bite. Ben and Cat are rescued by a helicopter and leave. Ben shows Ruiz the shark tooth, but his boss still refuses to close the beaches. Later Ben and Cat go over to Chuck's house, loading a torpedo into Chuck's midget submarine.
The next day, Ben and Chuck go down in the submarine. The Megalodon attacks a yacht, slamming into it a couple of times, knocking several people overboard. They escape to two large safety rafts. Ruiz steals a woman's life jacket and jumps off the yacht, only to be swallowed whole by the shark, as is one of the rafts. One of the people drives away on a jet ski, but the Megalodon swallows him as well. Chuck then goes into the water and tags the shark. Ben eventually launches the torpedo, which succeeds in destroying the creature. Ben swims to the surface with Chuck and climbs into the raft. They all celebrate their success. However, at different location near a rocky island, another megalodon appears but Ben, Chuck and Cat and the other survivors are unaware of its presence.
Reception.
Critical response was mostly negative. The film holds a score of 27% (or 2.7 stars of 10) on IMDb. 
It is often considered to be "So bad it's good".

</doc>
<doc id="36724044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724044" title="Mattheus Oliveira">
Mattheus Oliveira

Mattheus de Andrade Gama de Oliveira, or simply Mattheus (born July 7, 1994 in Rio de Janeiro), is a Brazilian football Attacking midfielder. He was formed in the Flamengo youth academy and has been promoted to the first team in 2012. He is also a member of Brazil U-20 team.
Mattheus is son of former Brazilian player Bebeto, and became widely known just days after his birth due to his father's 'cradle-rocking' celebration on scoring a crucial goal against the Netherlands in the 1994 FIFA World Cup second round.
Career.
Career statistics.
"according to combined sources on the Flamengo official website and Flaestatística."

</doc>
<doc id="36724045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724045" title="High Coal, West Virginia">
High Coal, West Virginia

High Coal or Highcoal is an unincorporated community and coal town located in Boone County, West Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36724046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724046" title="Wun-Chang Shih">
Wun-Chang Shih

Wun-Chang Shih () (born October 3, 1986) is a Taiwanese figure skater who competes internationally for Taiwan in men's singles. He is a two-time Taiwanese national medalist and competed four times at the Four Continents Championships. 
Personal life.
Shih was born on October 3, 1986, in Taipei, Taiwan. He is currently a student and trains with coach Nobuo Sato. His hobbies include basketball and badminton.
Skating career.
Shih made his international debut at the 2009 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships, in Vancouver, Canada. He was a member of the Chinese Taipei team at the 2009 Winter Universiade in Harbin, China and the 2011 Asian Winter Games in Astana, Kazakhstan. 

</doc>
<doc id="36724063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724063" title="Earle Sumner Draper">
Earle Sumner Draper

Earle Sumner Draper (1893–1994) was a town planner and a landscape designer.
A number of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Works include:
He also did work in 

</doc>
<doc id="36724075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724075" title="Jerzy Kaczkowski">
Jerzy Kaczkowski

Jerzy Kaczkowski (16 May 1938 in Warsaw - 14 July 1988 in Warsaw) was a Polish weightlifter. He was born in Warsaw. Among his achievements was a fourth place at the 1964 Summer Olympics, and a bronze medal at the 1965 World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36724086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724086" title="Chun King">
Chun King

Chun King was an American line of canned Chinese food products founded in the 1940s by Jeno Paulucci, who also developed "Jeno's Pizza Rolls" and frozen pizza, and the "Michelina's" brand of Italian food products, among many others. By 1962, Chun King was bringing in $30 million in annual revenue and accounted for half of all U.S. sales of prepared Chinese food. Chun King was sold to Reynolds Metals Company, a division of the R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, in 1966 for $63 million.
R. J. Reynolds merged with Nabisco Brands in 1985 and the new company changed its name to RJR Nabisco in the following year. In 1989, Chun King was sold by RJR Nabisco to Yeo Hiap Seng of Singapore to help pay for Kohlberg Kravis Roberts's leverage buyout of RJR Nabisco. RJR Nabisco had previously sold Chun King line of frozen foods to ConAgra Foods in 1986. After losing market share, Yeo Hiap Seng sold Chun King in 1995 to Hunt-Wesson, the owner of rival La Choy. Hunt-Wesson's parent ConAgra eventually closed Chun King's manufacturing facilities and phased out the Chun King brand.

</doc>
<doc id="36724096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724096" title="Ray Pennick">
Ray Pennick

Raymond "Ray" Pennick (born 30 November 1946) is an English former footballer who played as a forward. He played for Willington and York City.
Career.
Born in Ferryhill, County Durham, Pennick was a student teacher when playing for Willington in the Northern League. He impressed in a friendly against Fourth Division York City in March 1963 and was signed by the club on amateur terms later that month. His debut came as a 60th minute substitute for Archie Taylor in a 0–0 draw at home to Halifax Town on 5 May 1969. This was Pennick's only appearance for York and he left the club in June 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="36724102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724102" title="List of Vijayanagara era temples in Karnataka">
List of Vijayanagara era temples in Karnataka

Some famous temples built during the Vijayanagara era (1336-1565 CE) are included in the table below. It includes temples that were either built entirely or partially by the kings or the subordinate chiefs of the Vijayanagara Empire. 

</doc>
<doc id="36724117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724117" title="Håvard Wiik">
Håvard Wiik

Håvard Skarpnes Wiik (born March 10, 1975) in Kristiansund, Norway is a Norwegian Jazz musician (piano) and Composer, known from a number of recordings with bands like Atomic, and performances with musicians like Petter Wettre, Ola Kvernberg and Stian Carstensen.
Career.
Wiik caused sensation at 17 years old in a concert at the Moldejazz, with bassist Steinar Raknes, as the "Wiikrak Duo". He attended the jazz program at Trondheim musikkonservatorium from 1994 to 96, where he and fellow students established the jazz band Element. After moving to Oslo he has contributed to many projects, for example the band Motif. He also led the Håvard Wiik Trio with Mats Eilertsen (bass) and Per Oddvar Johansen (drums), to release "Postures" (Jazzland, 2003).

</doc>
<doc id="36724129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724129" title="List of Tamil Nadu Government's Law Colleges">
List of Tamil Nadu Government's Law Colleges

This is the list of Government of Tamil Nadu's Law Colleges
List of Tamil Nadu Government's Law Colleges are established & maintained by Department of Legal Studies of Government of Tamil Nadu

</doc>
<doc id="36724173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724173" title="Hitch On The Leaves">
Hitch On The Leaves

Hitch On The Leaves is the debut studio album by Australian dream pop band Gaslight Radio. Allmusic called the album "a wonderful debut album from this quintet, equal parts pretty Cocteau Twins-inspired shoegaze and fragile rock drive."

</doc>
<doc id="36724181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724181" title="Digital commons (economics)">
Digital commons (economics)

The digital commons are a form of commons involving the distribution and communal ownership of informational resources and technology. Resources are typically designed to be used by the community by which they are created. Examples of the digital commons include wikis, open-source software, and open-source licensing. The distinction between digital commons and other digital resources is that the community of people building them can intervene in the governing of their interaction processes and of their shared resources.
The digital commons provides the community with free and easy access to information. Typically, information created in the digital commons is designed to stay in the digital commons by using various forms of licensing, including the GNU General Public License and various Creative Commons licenses.
Early development.
One of the first examples of digital commons is the Free Software movement, founded in the 1980s by Richard Stallman as an organized attempt to create a digital software commons. Inspired by the 70s programmer culture of improving software through mutual help, Stallman's movement was designed to encourage the use and distribution of free software.
To prevent the misuse of software created by the movement, Stallman founded the GNU General Public License. Free software released under this license, even if it's improved or modified, must also be released under the same license, ensuring the software stays in the digital commons, free to use.
Today.
Today the digital commons takes the form of the internet. With the internet comes radical new ways to share information and software, enabling the rapid growth of the digital commons to the level enjoyed today. People can share their software, photos, general information, and ideas extremely easily due to the digital commons.
Mayo Fuster Morell proposed a definition of digital commons as "as an information and knowledge resources that are collectively created and owned or shared between or among a community and that tend to be non-exclusivedible, that is, be (generally freely) available to third parties. Thus, they are oriented to favor use and reuse, rather than to exchange as a commodity. Additionally, the community of people building them can intervene in the governing of their interaction processes and of their shared resources".
Modern Examples.
Creative Commons.
Creative Commons (CC) is a non-profit organization that provides many free copyright licenses with which contributors to the digital commons can license their work. Creative Commons is focused on the expansion of flexible copyright. For example, Flickr, a popular image sharing website, provides access to hundreds of millions of Creative Commons licensed images, freely available within the digital commons.
Creators of content in the digital commons can choose the type of Creative Commons license to apply to their works, which specifies the types of rights available to other users. Typically, Creative Commons licenses are used to restrict the work to non-commercial use.
Wikis.
Wikis (like Wikipedia) are a huge contribution to the digital commons, serving information while allowing members of the community to create and edit content. Through wikis, knowledge can be pooled and compiled, generating a wealth of information from which the community can draw.
Public Software Repositories.
Following in the spirit of the Free Software movement, public software repositories are a system in which communities can work together on open-source software projects, typically through version control systems such as Git and Subversion. Public software repositories allow for individuals make contributions to the same project, allowing the project to grow bigger than the sum of its parts. A popular example of a public software repository is GitHub.

</doc>
<doc id="36724183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724183" title="PC-on-a-stick">
PC-on-a-stick

PC-on-a-stick is a term describing a PC in a USB stick format, generally using ARM system on a chip.

</doc>
<doc id="36724219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724219" title="Symphony (video game)">
Symphony (video game)

Symphony is an indie developed shoot-em-up video game produced by Empty Clip Studios. It was released for Microsoft Windows in August 2012, and for Linux and Mac OS X in May 2014.
The game is played by manipulating a ship and firing on enemy ships, earning points and collecting power-ups that are dropped by the ships. The patterns for the appearance of the enemy ships are based on analysis of a selected music file, either from those that ship with the game or from those already on the user's computer. As the player completes songs, they earn new abilities they can add to their ship, while defeating specific bosses from certain songs will increase the game's difficulty level.
Gameplay.
Upon first launch of "Symphony", the user is given the opportunity to add existing music on their computer to the songs that ship with the game; by default this includes common locations such as the directory for iTunes and Windows Media Player. Additional folders can be added at a later time, and existing folders rescanned for new songs.
The player is then given the option to select a song using a set of simple filters, or to have the game randomly select a song. The game will process the song to create the patterns of attack that the player will face. Prior to starting the actual game, the player can customize their ship in the game with any equipment earned and purchased from completing songs.
The core game is otherwise like most arcade shoot-em-ups like "Galaga", where the player must maneuver their ship across the bottom of the screen to evade enemy ships and fire, while firing on the enemies to destroy them and "protect" their music. Points are scored for defeating enemies and the player can earn a scoring multiplier by keeping a chain of destruction going. If the ship is hit, parts of it will fall off, but the player can collect notes left behind by destroyed ships to restore the ship. Should the ship take too much damage, the ship will respawn after a few moments, but the player's score will be penalized. The player is also penalized for allowing certain ships from remaining on screen for too long, affecting their music. Certain target scores are pre-determined for each song, with the player's goal to surpass these levels. When the song is completed, they then gain in-game currency and the opportunity to buy a new weapon for their ship. 
Certain songs from the player's library will randomly be selected as boss levels, where the regular attacking ships are replaced by a single, difficult-to-kill enemy. There are a total of six bosses, reflecting the six difficulty levels in the game. Defeating three bosses at one difficulty level will allow the player to access the next highest difficulty level, and the kinds of rewards that the player can earn for completing songs. Once at the sixth level, defeating the sixth boss will effectively win the game for the player.
Players can opt to have their scores tracked on external servers based on the song name and artist. This creates global leaderboards so the player can compare their abilities with friends and other players.
Development.
"Symphony" is the product of the two-man development team of Empty Clip Studios, Francois Bertand and Matt Shores. The game has been in development since 2008, and had an initial planned 2010 release, but subsequent development pushed the game back into 2012. One of the goals of their game was to develop their music analysis engine as to "capture range of emotions that's uniquely present in every song".
"Symphony" was awarded two prizes at the 2012 Indie Game Challenge; "Technical Achievement" (which included a $2,500 prize) and "GameStop PC Digital Download Award". On May 27, 2014, "Symphony" was included in a Humble Bundle in which the Linux and Mac OS X versions debuted.
Reception.
"Symphony" received generally positive feedback from journalists who compared it positively to "Beat Hazard" and "Audiosurf", two other games that procedurally generate gameplay based on the player's choice of music track. Marc Saltzman of "USA Today" called the title "fun and frantic" but commented that it becomes repetitive. Leif Johnson of Gamespot considered the weapon upgrade system to be a differentiation from these other games, as the randomness of such upgrades keeps the game interesting, though manipulating the upgrades can be difficult for large music libraries. 
A common initial complaint of the game was an input lag that slowed down the player's movements and affected their performance. The Empty Clip team was able to address this lag issue and others within the first week of its release.

</doc>
<doc id="36724225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724225" title="Bluebeard's Seven Wives">
Bluebeard's Seven Wives

"Bluebeard's Seven Wives" was a 1926 American silent comedy film produced and released by First National Pictures. It was directed by Alfred Santell and starred Ben Lyon, Lois Wilson and Blanche Sweet. The film is now considered lost.

</doc>
<doc id="36724256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724256" title="The Measure (SA)">
The Measure (SA)

The Measure (SA) were an American punk rock band formed in 2005 in New Brunswick, New Jersey who released albums on Don Giovanni Records and No Idea Records. They played their last shows in 2010 in New Brunswick and at The Fest 10 in Gainesville, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="36724316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724316" title="Shellshag">
Shellshag

Shellshag are an American two piece punk rock band, formed in 1997, that have released records on Don Giovanni Records, Mauled by Tigers, We Are Busy Bodies, Thrillhouse Records, Plan it X South and their own imprint Starcleaner Records. Their first EP was recorded by Gary Young.

</doc>
<doc id="36724320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724320" title="Professional Griefers">
Professional Griefers

"Professional Griefers" is a song by Canadian electronic music producer deadmau5, featuring vocals by Gerard Way of My Chemical Romance, and is the third single from his sixth studio album "Album Title Goes Here". The song is featured in the game "FIFA 13" and its soundtrack. The song is also featured in the game "" in the Electronica playlist.
Background.
‘Professional Griefers’ was first previewed as an unreleased instrumental on deadmau5's Ustream channel as a work in progress on February 13, 2011. The instrumental made its live debut during deadmau5’s Meowingtons Hax tour, premiering the track at his critically acclaimed headlining performance at Lollapalooza. The vocal version of ‘Professional Griefers’, with Gerard Way, starts with hard beats and heavily distorted guitar stabs, then builds tension with discordant synth strikes leading into the chorus.
In early 2012, when Zimmerman was asked why he was waiting to release it, he replied "was going to do something big with it". That July, he spread the word that there was going to be a video shoot, and that he needed approximately 2,000 fans to arrive at the scene.
Release.
In late 2011 and early 2012, only live recordings of Professional Griefers as an instrumental could be found floating around the Internet. On November 18, 2011, the instrumental version of the track was played during the official launch of Minecraft. As early as December 2011, Zimmerman began playing the track along with vocals via live Internet stream. Due to Gerard Way's distinctive voice, fans were able to discern it was him. Then on 6 July 2012, a preview of the track was uploaded to the official deadmau5 YouTube channel. Finally on August 14, 2012, 'Professional Griefers' was released on Beatport and iTunes.
Professional Griefers was released on deadmau5's album "Album Title Goes Here", including a vocal mix, radio edit, and a music video.
Music video.
The video, featuring both deadmau5 and Gerard Way, was directed by Paul Boyd and Jeff Ranasinghe and produced by Dave Stewart’s Weapons of Mass Entertainment production company. It debuted on August 29, 2012 via Ultra's YouTube Channel. It is the most expensive electronic dance music video to date.
The video begins near a trailer home where the people living there are watching Zimmerman and Gerard battle with giant robotic mice at a UFC match inside a dome a reference to the Thunderdome of Mad Max, with a crowd watching (the crowd consisting of aforementioned 2000 fans). Throughout the video, it cuts to various people watching the match on TV. Gerard is initially winning the battle, but a robotic version of "Meowingtons", Zimmerman's cat, enters and chews the wires to Gerard's controls. This renders Gerard's robot idle, which allows Zimmerman to win the match. But immediately after, the robotic cat assumes control of Zimmerman's beaten-up robot, causing it stumble and fall into the dome, crushing it, as everyone inside flees. The video ends with the robotic cat standing on some debris, gazing into the camera, before pouncing on it.

</doc>
<doc id="36724325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724325" title="List of highways numbered 589">
List of highways numbered 589

The following highways are numbered 589:

</doc>
<doc id="36724337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724337" title="Somebody (Aerosmith song)">
Somebody (Aerosmith song)

"Somebody" is the B-side to Aerosmith's first single, "Dream On", from their 1973 debut album, "Aerosmith". Written by lead singer Steven Tyler and his friend Steven Emspack and released in June 1973, its A-side peaked at number 59 nationally but hit big in the band's native Boston, where it was the number 1 single of the year on the less commercial top 40 station, WBZ-FM, number 5 for the year on highly rated Top 40 WRKO-AM, and number 16 on heritage Top 40 WMEX-AM. 
"Somebody" is driven by a basic blues guitar riff and Tyler's lyrics tell the story of a character trying to search for the woman of his dreams. The character is in need of someone who shares the work with him and has been through the same difficulties in their life as he has.
Live performances.
Aerosmith regularly performed this song throughout the early seventies, the first known time was in Mendon, Massachusetts on November 6, 1970 at Nipmuc Regional High School. The last-known performance of the song was in Yokohama on June 26, 1988 at the Yokohama Cultural Gymnasium during the "Permanent Vacation Tour".

</doc>
<doc id="36724342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724342" title="Saving Mr. Banks">
Saving Mr. Banks

Saving Mr. Banks is a 2013 American-Australian-British biographical comedy-drama film directed by John Lee Hancock from a screenplay written by Kelly Marcel and Sue Smith. Centered on the development of the 1964 Walt Disney Studios film "Mary Poppins", the film stars Emma Thompson as author P. L. Travers and Tom Hanks as filmmaker Walt Disney, with supporting performances from Colin Farrell, Paul Giamatti, Jason Schwartzman, Bradley Whitford, Ruth Wilson, B. J. Novak, Rachel Griffiths, and Kathy Baker. Named after the father in Travers' story, the film depicts the author's fortnight-long briefing in 1961 Los Angeles as she is persuaded by Disney, in his attempts to obtain the screen rights to her novels.
Produced by Walt Disney Pictures, Ruby Films and Essential Media and Entertainment in association with BBC Films and Hopscotch Features, "Saving Mr. Banks" was shot entirely in the Southern California area, primarily at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, where a majority of the film's narrative takes place. The film was released theatrically in the UK on November 29, 2013, and in the United States on December 13, 2013, where it was met with positive reviews, with praise directed towards the acting, screenplay, and production merits—Thompson received BAFTA Award, Golden Globe Award, SAG Award, and Critic's Choice Award nominations for Best Actress, while Thomas Newman received an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Score. The film was also a box office success, grossing $112 million worldwide against a $35 million budget.
Plot.
In London in 1961, financially struggling author Pamela "P. L." Travers (Emma Thompson) reluctantly agrees to travel to Los Angeles to meet with Walt Disney (Tom Hanks) at the urging of her agent Diarmuid Russell (Ronan Vibert). Disney has been courting Travers for 20 years, seeking to acquire the film rights to her "Mary Poppins" stories, on account of his daughters' request to make a film based on the character. Travers, however, has been extremely hesitant toward letting Disney adapt her creation to the screen because he is known primarily as a producer of animated films, which Travers openly disdains.
Her youth in Allora, Queensland in 1906 is depicted through flashbacks, and is shown to be the inspiration for much of Mary Poppins. Travers was very close to her handsome and charismatic father Travers Robert Goff (Colin Farrell), who fought a losing battle against alcoholism.
Upon her arrival in Los Angeles, Travers is disgusted by what she feels is the city’s unreality, as well as by the naïve optimism and intrusive friendliness of its inhabitants, personified by her assigned limo driver, Ralph (Paul Giamatti).
At the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, Travers begins collaborating with the creative team assigned to develop "Mary Poppins" for the screen, screenwriter Don DaGradi (Bradley Whitford), and music composers Richard and Robert Sherman (Jason Schwartzman and B.J. Novak respectively). She finds their presumptions and casual manners as highly improper, a view she also reciprocates on the jocular Disney upon meeting him in person.
Travers’ working relationship with the creative team is difficult from the outset, with her insistence that Mary Poppins is the enemy of sentiment and whimsy. Disney and his associates are puzzled by Travers’ disdain for fantasy, given the fantastical nature of the Mary Poppins story, as well as Travers’ own richly imaginative childhood existence. Travers has particular trouble with the team’s depiction of George Banks. Travers describes Banks’ characterization as completely off-base and leaves a session distraught. The team begins to grasp how deeply personal the "Mary Poppins" stories are to Travers, and how many of the work’s characters are directly inspired by Travers’ own past.
Travers' collaboration with the team continues, although she is increasingly disengaged as painful memories from her past numb her in the present. Seeking to find out what’s troubling her, Disney invites Travers to Disneyland, which—along with her progressive friendship with Ralph, the creative team’s revisions to George Banks, and the insertion of a new song to close the film—help to soften Travers. Her imagination begins to reawaken, and she engages enthusiastically with the creative team.
This progress is upended, however, when Travers discovers that an animation sequence is being planned for the film, a decision that she has been adamantly against accepting. She confronts and denounces a protesting Disney, angrily declaring that she will not sign over the film rights and returns to London. Disney discovers that Travers is writing under a pen name; her real name being Helen Goff. Equipped with new insight, he departs for London, determined to salvage the film. Appearing unexpectedly at Travers’ residence, Disney opens up—describing his own less-than-ideal childhood, while stressing the healing value of his art—and urges her to shed her deeply rooted disappointment with the world. Travers relents and grants him the film rights.
Three years later, in 1964, "Mary Poppins" is nearing its world premiere at Grauman's Chinese Theatre. Travers has not been invited because Disney fears that she will give the film negative publicity. Goaded by her agent, Travers returns to Los Angeles, showing up uninvited in Disney’s office, and finagles an invitation to the premiere. She watches "Mary Poppins" initially with scorn, reacting with particular dismay to the animated sequence. She slowly warms to the film, however, and is ultimately surprised to find herself overcome by emotion, touched by the depiction of George Banks’ redemption, which clearly possesses a powerful personal significance for her.
Cast.
Dendrie Taylor, Victoria Summer, and Kristopher Kyer appear in minor, non-speaking roles as Lillian Disney, Julie Andrews, and Dick Van Dyke, respectively.
Production.
Development.
In 2002, Australian producer Ian Collie produced a documentary film on P. L. Travers titled "The Shadow of "Mary Poppins"". During the documentary's production, Collie noticed that there was "an obvious biopic there" and convinced Essential Media and Entertainment to develop a feature film with Sue Smith writing the screenplay. The project attracted the attention of BBC Films, which decided to finance the project, and Ruby Films' Alison Owen, who subsequently hired Kelly Marcel to co-write the screenplay with Smith. Marcel's drafts removed a subplot involving Travers and her son, and divided the story into a two-part narrative: the creative conflict between Travers and Walt Disney, and her dealings with her childhood issues. Marcel's version, however, featured certain intellectual property rights of music and imagery which would be impossible to use without permission from The Walt Disney Company. "There was always that elephant in the room, which is Disney," Collie recalled. "We knew Walt Disney was a key character in the film and we wanted to use quite a bit of the music. We knew we'd eventually have to show Disney." In July 2011, while attending the Ischia Film Festival, Owen met with Corky Hale, who offered to present the screenplay to Richard M. Sherman of the Sherman Brothers, music composers of "Mary Poppins". Sherman read the screenplay and gave the producers his support. Later that year, Marcel and Smith's screenplay was listed in Franklin Leonard's The Black List, voted by producers as one of the best screenplays that were not in production.
In November 2011, The Walt Disney Studios' president of production, Sean Bailey, was informed of the existence of Marcel's script. Realizing that the screenplay included a depiction of Walt Disney, Bailey conferred with the company's executives, including Disney CEO Bob Iger and studio chairman Alan Horn, the latter of whom referred to the film as a "brand deposit," a term adopted from Steve Jobs. Together, the executives discussed the studio's potential choices: purchase the script and shut the production down, put the film in turnaround, or co-produce the film themselves.
Iger approved the film and subsequently contacted Tom Hanks to consider playing the role of Walt Disney, which would become the first-ever depiction of Disney in a mainstream film. Hanks accepted the role, viewing it as "an opportunity to play somebody as world-shifting as Picasso or Chaplin". Hanks made several visits to The Walt Disney Family Museum and interviewed some of Disney's former employees and family relatives, including his daughter Diane Disney Miller.
In April 2012, Emma Thompson entered final negotiations to star as P. L. Travers, after the studio was unable to secure Meryl Streep for the part. Thompson said that the role was the most difficult one that she has played, describing Travers as "a woman of quite eye-watering complexity and contradiction." "She wrote a very good essay on sadness, because she was, in fact, a very sad woman. She'd had a very rough childhood, the alcoholism of her father being part of it and the attempted suicide of her mother being another part of it. I think that she spent her whole life in a state of fundamental inconsolability and hence got a lot done."
With Walt Disney Pictures' backing, the production team was given access to 36 hours of Travers' audio recordings of herself, the Shermans, and co-writer Don DaGradi that were produced during the development of "Mary Poppins", in addition to letters written between Disney and Travers from the 1940s through the 1960s. Richard Sherman also worked on the film as a technical advisor and shared his side of his experiences working with Travers on "Mary Poppins". Initially, director John Lee Hancock had reservations about Disney's involvement with the film, believing that the studio would edit the screenplay in their founder's favor. However, Marcel admitted that the studio "specifically didn't want to come in and sanitize it or change Walt in any way." Although the filmmakers did not receive any creative interference from Disney regarding Walt Disney's depiction, the studio did request that they omit any onscreen inhalation of cigarettes due to the company's policy of not directly depicting smoking in films released under the Disney banner, and to avoid an R-rating from the Motion Picture Association of America. Instead, Disney is shown extinguishing a lit cigarette in one scene, and his notorious smoker's cough is heard off-screen several times throughout the film.
Filming.
Principal photography began on September 19, 2012. Although some filming was originally to be in Queensland, Australia, all filming took place in the Southern California area, including the Walt Disney Studios lot in Burbank, Disneyland Park in Anaheim, Big Sky Ranch in Simi Valley, the Los Angeles County Arboretum and Botanic Garden in Arcadia, Universal Studios' Courthouse Square, and the TCL Chinese Theatre in Hollywood. For the Disneyland sequences, scenes were shot during the early morning, with certain areas cordoned off during the park's daily operation, including Sleeping Beauty Castle, Main Street U.S.A., Fantasyland, and the King Arthur Carrousel attractions, while the park's cast members were hired as extras. Production designer Michael Corenblith had to ensure that post-1961 attractions did not show up on camera, and that storefronts on Main Street were redecorated to appear as they did during that time period. Corenblith also had to recreate Disney's office, using photographs and a furniture display from the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library as references. To recreate the original film's premiere at the Chinese Theatre, set designers closed Hollywood Boulevard and redressed the street and theater to resemble their 1964 appearances.
Emma Thompson prepared for her role by studying Travers' own recordings conducted during the development of "Mary Poppins", and also styled her natural hair after Travers', due to the actress's disdain for wigs. To accurately convey Walt Disney's midwestern dialect, Tom Hanks listened to archival recordings of Disney in his car and practised the voice while reading newspapers. Hanks also grew his own mustache for the role, which underwent heavy scrutiny, with the filmmakers going so far as to match the dimensions of Hanks' mustache to that of Disney. Jason Schwartzman and B. J. Novak worked closely with Richard M. Sherman during pre-production and filming. The lyricist described the actors as "perfect talents" for their roles as Richard and Robert B. Sherman. Costume designer Daniel Orlandi had Thompson wear authentic jewelry borrowed from The Walt Disney Family Museum, and ensured that Hanks' wardrobe included the Smoke Tree Ranch emblem from the Palm Springs property embroidered on his neckties, which Disney always wore. The design department also had to recreate several of the costumed Disneyland characters as they appeared in the 1960s. Filming was completed on November 22, 2012. Walt Disney Animation Studios produced a recreation of the Tinker Bell animation featured in the Walt Disney-hosted weekly TV show "Walt Disney Presents".
Historical accuracy.
"Saving Mr. Banks" depicts several events that differ from recorded accounts. The dramatic premise of the script—that Walt Disney had to convince P.L. Travers to hand over the film rights, including the scene when he finally persuades her—is fictionalized, as Disney had already secured the film rights (subject to Travers' approval of the script) when Travers arrived to consult with the Disney staff. Disney in fact left Burbank to vacation in Palm Springs, California a few days into Travers' visit to the United States, and was not present at the studio when several of the film's scenes depict him to be in. Therefore, many of the dialogue scenes between Travers and Disney are adapted from letters, telegrams, and telephone correspondence between the two.
The film also depicts Travers coming to amicable terms with Disney, including her approval of his changes to the story. In reality, she never approved of the dilution of the harsher aspects of Mary Poppins' character, felt ambivalent about the music, and hated the use of animation. Disney overruled her objections to portions of the final film, citing contract stipulations that he had final cut privilege. After the film's premiere, Travers reportedly approached Disney and told him that the animated sequences had to be removed. Disney dismissed her request, saying, "Pamela, the ship has sailed".
Although the film portrays Travers as being emotionally moved during the premiere of "Mary Poppins", presumably due to her feelings about her father, co-screenwriter Kelly Marcel and several critics note that, in real life, Travers was in fact seen crying at the premiere out of anger and frustration over the film, which she felt betrayed the artistic integrity of her characters and work. Resentful at what she considered poor treatment at Disney's hands, Travers vowed to never permit The Walt Disney Company to adapt any of her other novels in any form of media. Travers' last will, in fact, bans any Americans from adapting her works to any form of media. According to the "Chicago Tribune", Disney was "indulging in a little revisionist history with an upbeat spin", adding that "the truth was always complicated" and that Travers subsequently viewed the film multiple times.
English writer Brian Sibley found Travers still gun-shy from her experiences with Disney when he was hired to write a possible "Mary Poppins" sequel in 1980s. Sibley reported that Travers told him, “I could only agree if I could do it on my own terms. I'd have to work with someone I trust.” Nevertheless, while watching the original film together—the first time Travers had seen it since the premiere—she became excited during moments and thought they were excellent, while other parts she considered to be terrible. The sequel never went to production, and when approached to do a stage adaptation in the 1990s, she only acquiesced on the condition that English-born writers and no one from the film production were to be directly involved with the musical's development.
Although Travers was assigned a limousine driver, the character of Ralph is fictionalized and intended to be an amalgamation of the studio's drivers. In real life, Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles.
Soundtrack.
The film's original score was composed by Thomas Newman. Newman's process of scoring the film included playing themes to filmed scenes, so that he could "listen to what the music does to an image." Walt Disney Records released two editions of the soundtrack on December 10, 2013: a single-disc and a two-disc digipak deluxe edition (containing original demo recordings by the Sherman Brothers and selected songs from "Mary Poppins").
Release.
A trailer for the film was released on July 10, 2013.
"Saving Mr. Banks" held its world premiere at the London Film Festival on October 20, 2013. On November 7, 2013, Walt Disney Pictures held the film's U.S. premiere at the TCL Chinese Theatre during the opening night of the 2013 AFI Film Festival, the same location where "Mary Poppins" premiered. The original film was also screened for its 50th anniversary. "Saving Mr. Banks" also served as the Gala Presentation at the 2013 Napa Valley Film Festival on November 13, and was screened at the AARP Film Festival in Los Angeles on November 17, as Disney heavily campaigned "Saving Mr. Banks" for Academy Awards consideration. On December 9, 2013, the film was given an exclusive corporate premiere in the Main Theater of the Walt Disney Studios lot in Burbank. The film was released in the United States on December 13, 2013, in limited release, and in wide release on December 20. Despite not earning a nomination, the film was widely considered by pundits to be a front-runner for Best Picture at the 86th Academy Awards.
Home media.
Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment released "Saving Mr. Banks" on Blu-ray Disc, DVD, and digital download on March 18, 2014. The film debuted at No. 2 in Blu-ray and DVD sales in the United States according to Nielsen's sales chart.
Reception.
Box office.
"Saving Mr. Banks" grossed $18.1 million in its opening weekend, finishing in 5th at the box office behind ' ($31.5 million), ' ($26.2 million), "Frozen" ($19.6 million) and "American Hustle" ($19.1 million). By the end of its theatrical run, "Saving Mr. Banks" earned $83.3 million in North America, and $29.2 million in other countries for a worldwide total of $112,544,580.
Critical response.
"Saving Mr. Banks" received positive reviews from film critics, with major praise directed to the acting; particularly Emma Thompson, Tom Hanks, and Colin Farrell's performances. Film review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reports an 79% "Certified Fresh" approval rating from critics, based on 225 reviews with an average score of 7/10. The site's consensus reads: "Aggressively likable and sentimental to a fault, "Saving Mr. Banks" pays tribute to the Disney legacy with excellent performances and sweet, high-spirited charm." Metacritic assigned the film a weighted average score of 65 (out of 100) based on 46 reviews from mainstream critics, considered to be "generally favorable".
"The Hollywood Reporter" praised the film as an "affecting if somewhat soft-soaped comedy drama, elevated by excellent performances." The "Reporter" wrote that "Emma Thompson takes charge of the central role of P. L. Travers with an authority that makes you wonder how anybody else could ever have been considered." Scott Foundas of "Variety" wrote that the film "has all the makings of an irresistible backstage tale, and it’s been brought to the screen with a surplus of old-fashioned Disney showmanship...", and that Tom Hanks's portrayal captured Walt Disney's "folksy charisma and canny powers of persuasion — at once father, confessor and the shrewdest of businessmen." Overall, he praised the film as "very rich in its sense of creative people and their spirit of self-reinvention."
"The Washington Post" rated the film three out of four stars, writing: ""Saving Mr. Banks" doesn't always straddle its stories and time periods with the utmost grace. But the film — which John Lee Hancock directed from a script by Kelly Marcel and Sue Smith — more than makes up for its occasionally unwieldy structure in telling a fascinating and ultimately deeply affecting story, along the way giving viewers tantalizing glimpses of the beloved 1964 movie musical, in both its creation and final form." "The New York Times"' A. O. Scott gave a positive review, declaring the film as "an embellished, tidied-up but nonetheless reasonably authentic glimpse of the Disney entertainment machine at work."
Mark Kermode awarded the film four out of five stars, lauding Thompson's performance as "impeccable", elaborating that "Thompson dances her way through Travers' conflicting emotions, giving us a fully rounded portrait of a person who is hard to like but impossible not to love." Michael Phillips felt similarly, writing: "Thompson's the show. Each withering put-down, every jaundiced utterance, lands with a little ping." In regard to the screenplay, he wrote that "screenwriters Kelly Marcel and Sue Smith treat everyone gently and with the utmost respect." Peter Travers also gave the film three out of four stars and equally commended the performances of the cast.
Alonso Duralde described the film as a "whimsical, moving and occasionally insightful tale ... director John Lee Hancock luxuriates in the period detail of early-’60s Disney-ana". "Entertainment Weekly" gave the film a "B+" grade, explaining that "the trick here is how perfectly Thompson and Hanks portray the gradual thaw in their characters' frosty alliance, empathizing with each other's equally miserable upbringings in a beautiful three-hankie scene late in the film." Kenneth Turan of "The Los Angeles Times" wrote that the film "does not strictly hew to the historical record where the eventual resolution of this conflict is concerned," but admitted that it "is easy to accept this fictionalizing as part of the price to be paid for Thompson's engaging performance."
David Gritten of "The Daily Telegraph" described the confrontational interaction between Thompson and Hanks as "terrific", singling out Thompson's "bravura performance", and calling the film itself "smart, witty entertainment". Kate Muir of "The Times" spoke highly of Thompson and Hanks's performances. Joe Morgenstern of "The Wall Street Journal", however, considered Colin Farrell to be the film's "standout performance". IndieWire's Ashley Clark wrote that the film "is witty, well-crafted and well-performed mainstream entertainment which, perhaps unavoidably, cleaves to a well-worn Disney template stating that all problems—however psychologically deep-rooted—can be overcome." Another staff writer labeled Thompson's performance as her best since "Sense and Sensibility", and stated that "she makes the Australian-born British transplant a curmudgeonly delight." Peter Bradshaw enjoyed Hanks' role as Disney, suggesting that, despite its brevity, the film would have been largely "bland" without it.
The film did receive some criticism. "The Independent" gave the film a mixed review, writing: "On the one hand, "Saving Mr. Banks" (which was developed by BBC Films and has a British producer) is a probing, insightful character study with a very dark undertow. On the other, it is a cheery, upbeat marketing exercise in which the Disney organization is re-promoting one of its most popular film characters." David Sexton of the "Evening Standard" concluded that the film "is nothing but a big corporation boasting about its own marvellousness." Lou Lumenick of "The New York Post" criticized the accuracy of the film's events, concluding that ""Saving Mr. Banks" is ultimately much less about magic than making the sale, in more ways than one." American history lecturer John Wills praised the film's attention to detail, such as the inclusion of Travers' original recordings, but doubted that the interpersonal relations between Travers and Disney were as amicable as portrayed in the film. "Film School Rejects" also described several moments where the film had a "shrewd consumption of company's own criticisms", only to later negate them and Disney-fy Travers as a character.
"Saving Mr. Banks" was named the sixth best film of 2013 by "Access Hollywood."

</doc>
<doc id="36724345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724345" title="List of highways numbered 713">
List of highways numbered 713

The following highways are numbered 713:

</doc>
<doc id="36724346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724346" title="Spaccacuore">
Spaccacuore

"Spaccacuore" is a song written by Italian singer-songwriters Samuele Bersani and Lucio Dalla, together with Giuseppe D'Onghia. The song was recorded by Bersani for his 1995's second studio set "Freak", and it was released as the album's second single in 1995. The song later became one of his best-known songs in Italy.
The song was covered by various artists, including Laura Pausini, who released it as the second single from "Io canto" in 2007. She also recorded a Spanish-language version of the song, under the title "Dispárame, dispara".
Samuele Bersani version.
Background and release.
Samuele Bersani wrote the song for his second studio album, "Freak", which was released in 1995. He composed the music with Giuseppe D'Onghia, while the lyrics were written by Bersani with popular singer-songwriter Lucio Dalla. 
"Spaccacuore" describes the feelings of a man who is experiencing the end of a love relationship.
The song, produced and arranged by Giuseppe D'Onghia, was released as the album's second single in 1995.
Its release was anticipated by Bersani's label because the album's first single, "Freak", included lyrics citing the Italian centre-right political area, as well as the Italian Communist Party, therefore its promotion was stopped by some Italian radio stations due to the Fairness Doctrine policy during the electoral campaign which preceded 1995's Italian local and regional elections.
Media appearances.
It was featured on the soundtrack of 2001's film "Chiedimi se sono felice", starring Italian comediands Aldo, Giovanni & Giacomo, who also directed it together with Massimo Venier.
It was also included in Bersani's compilation albums "Che vita!", released in 2002, and "Psyco - 20 anni di canzoni", published in 2012.
Bersani performed the song during 1995's itinerant music show "Festivalbar", broadcast in Italy by Mediaset TV channel Italia 1.
Laura Pausini version.
Laura Pausini also recorded a cover of the song for her album "Io canto", released in 2006. The song was chosen as the album's second single on 19 January 2007. The Spanish-language version of the song, titled "Dispárame, dispara" and featured on the Hispanic version of the album, "Yo canto", was the first single from the set, and it was chosen as the opening theme of the Mexican telenovela "Amar sin límites".
Live performances.
Laura Pausini performed the Spanish-language version of the song during her concert at the San Siro stadium in Milan, on 2 June 2007. This performance was later featured on the video album recorded during the concert, "San Siro 2007". The two versions of her 2009's album, "Laura Live World Tour 09" and "Laura Live Gira Mundial 09", also include a Spanish-language and an Italian-language live version of the song, respectively.
Music video.
The music video for the song, with a total length of 4 minutes and 8 seconds, was directed by Gaetano Morbioli. During the video, Pausini is shown while moving in a few centimeters of water, while a video wall in the background shows images creating a dark atmosphere.
Controversy.
Immediately after the release of the album, Bersani commented on Pausini's version of the song stating: "It's obvious that I'm happy. 'Spaccacuore', which is ten years old now, is somehow living for a second time". Despite this, in an interview released in March 2007 during Rai Radio 2's programma "Viva Radio 2", presented by Rosario Fiorello and Marco Baldini, Bersani criticized Pausini's version of the song: "I don't like the version of 'Spaccacuore' by Laura Pausini". He also explained that he considered its arrangement as too baroque and he expressed disappointment for the decision to feature the song on Mexican telenovela "Amar sin límites".
Pausini commented on Bersani's interview a few days later, talking to "la Repubblica"'s journalist Gino Castaldo: "He can tell whatever he wants, of course. But it looks strange because, when the album was released, he told that he liked the song very much. [...] Yes, I did it my way, but it's natural. I heard Bersani, and we cleared things up with each other, we are talking". She also added "The song became the opening theme of a South American telenovela, but I know that Bersani, during his concert, laughs on it, blaming it on me instead of recognizing me this merit. But it's strange, because when a song is chosen as the theme for a TV programme, it is necessary to have the consesus from the author". Bersani later commented that he was criticizing the choices of promotion strategies and arrangement made by Pausini's staff, and not her rendition of the song, adding that "journalists want to see blood whatever it takes, but I don't want to play that game".
Other cover versions.
The song was covered in 1997 by Paola Turci for the album "Oltre le nuvole", entirely composed of covers. Massimo Ranieri also recorded a cover of the song, including it in his album "Canzoni in corso", released in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36724351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724351" title="2012–13 Minnesota Golden Gophers women's ice hockey season">
2012–13 Minnesota Golden Gophers women's ice hockey season

The Minnesota Golden Gophers women's hockey team represented the University of Minnesota in the 2012–13 NCAA Division I women's ice hockey season. The Gophers hosted the 2013 NCAA Frozen Four and repeated as national champions.

</doc>
<doc id="36724362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724362" title="Parney Albright">
Parney Albright

Penrose “Parney” C. Albright was, until November 1st, 2013, the director of Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. 
He currently serves as the Associated Director at Large, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, and Senior Advisor, Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI), Intelligence advanced Research Projects Activity (IARPA), on assignment under an Interpersonel Agreement (IPA), where he supports IARPA as well as ODNI senior leadership on a variety of issues.
Between November 2011 and November 2013, he served as the Director of Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, and President of Lawrence Livermore National Security.
LLNL receives ~1.5B/yr in federal funding, with ~6500 employees. It conducts a diverse set of research and development efforts in nuclear security (which includes stewardship of the nuclear weapons stockpile, nuclear non-proliferation and counter proliferation, and nuclear counterterrorism); efforts in domestic and international security (which include a diverse ensemble of activities in chemical and biological defense; explosives science; intelligence; critical infrastructure protection; cybersecurity; and conventional defense systems); and efforts in energy and the environment (which include activities in fossil fuel; climate modeling; smart grid; carbon capture and sequestration; and renewable energy). LLNL conducts these programs with world leading capabilities in science, computation, and engineering.
Secretary of Energy Steven Chu welcomed Albright's appointment, saying, “As we work to accomplish the Department’s unique national security missions and make the critical investments required for the future of American innovation. I know we have an outstanding partner in Dr. Albright.”
While serving as Director, Dr. Albright, informed by his broad experience with DoD and DHS, was outspoken on issues associated with DOE’s and NNSA’s governance of the National Laboratories, as well as on the need to expand the role of the National Laboratories in support of the broad set of national security missions. Dr. Albright argued for science investments in support of stockpile stewardship, and was instrumental in formulating and then promulgating a narrative for the National Ignition Facility that re-emphasized its role in stockpile stewardship. Dr. Albright was the first Laboratory Director to invest a large portion of his efforts working with the senior leadership in DoD, DHS, and the Intelligence Community (IC), successfully bringing the Laboratory’s capabilities to important national security missions. Dr. Albright also served on several national panels associated with various aspects of national security.
Internal to the Laboratory, Dr. Albright emphasized the need for the Laboratory to operate as “One Lab” where every part of the laboratory shared in the success and challenges of every other part; this represented a distinct cultural change for a laboratory that was divided along mission lines. As part of that, Dr. Albright also put in practice a transparent and collaborative decision making process at the laboratory, so that priorities and resource allocations would be based on labwide needs. He broadened the channels through which every level of the laboratory staff could better communicate with management; Dr. Albright was the first Laboratory Director to conduct a web chat with the entire Laboratory, and to have Facebook and Twitter accounts accessible to Laboratory staff. Dr. Albright also greatly expanded the use of personal electronic devices at the Laboratory. He was a consistent advocate for a diverse workforce, and reinvigorated succession planning at the laboratory. Of particular significance were the changes that Dr. Albright implemented at the National Ignition Facility in facility governance, and in broadening the scientific approaches and talent being applied to achieve the goal of ignition after the end of the National Ignition Campaign. These changes at NIF resulted in much improved relationships with the NIF user community, and in significant advances in ignition science.
Before he became Director, Dr. Albright served from December 2009 to November 2011 as Principal Associate Director for Global Security at LLNL. In that position Dr. Albright was responsible for applying LLNL’s multi-disciplinary science, technology, and engineering to anticipate, innovate and deliver responsive solutions for our nation’s challenges in national and homeland security; energy and the environment, and intelligence. While lading the Global Security DIrectorate, Dr. Albright emphasized developing and implementing strategies aimed at reducing the barriers faced in deploying Laboratory capabilities outside the traditional NNSA nuclear weapons sponsor; developing and implementing policies and procedures that ensure the delivery to those sponsors of high quality products, on time and on budget; invigorating personnel development through succession planning and career-enhancing assignments; and promoting an institutional culture within the Laboratory.
Before he joined LLNL, Dr. Albright served from August 2005–November 2009 as President of Civitas Group LLC [http://www.civitasgroup.com/], which provided commercial and government clients with technology evaluations, market analyses, proposal services, mergers and acquisitions analyses, and management consulting. While at Civitas Dr. Albright led the analytic team in support of the first Quadrennial Homeland Security Review. In addition, Dr. Albright led the development and publication of a comprehensive Biodefense Net Assessment under DHS sponsorship. Civitas has a special relationship with a venture capital firm, for which Dr. Albright served on their investment board. 
In October 2003 Dr. Albright was confirmed by the Senate as Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security in the Department of Homeland Security. He served in that position until July 2005. His responsibilities included developing the multi-year strategic planning guidance and budget execution for the complete portfolio of programs comprising the Science and Technology Directorate. Beginning in FY03 with a budget allocation of approximately $700M, at the time of Dr. Albright’s departure the FY06 budget allocation exceeded $1.4B. 
Dr. Albright served as principal scientific advisor to the Secretary of Homeland Security on issues associated with science, technology, and the threat of biological, nuclear, and chemical terrorism. On these issues he served as the Department’s primary representative to other US Government agencies, the Homeland Security Council, the National Security Council, the Office of Science and Technology Policy, and foreign governments. As the policy lead for the Department’s research, development, test and evaluation activities, Dr. Albright oversaw associated intra-Departmental relationships. He served as the principal policy point of contact for the Directorate with the business community, external science and technology professional organizations and societies, private sector interest groups, and with non-federal government agencies on issues of science and technology policy. He oversaw the development of the regulations implementing the SAFETY Act, along with the associated processes and infrastructure, and was responsible for implementing the Department’s SAFETY Act policies. 
Between January 2002 and the startup of the Department of Homeland Security Dr. Albright concurrently held the positions of Senior Director for Research and Development in the Office of Homeland Security and Assistant Director for Homeland and National Security within the Office of Science and Technology Policy. He was the lead official within the White House responsible for providing advice to the Executive Office of the President on science and technology issues surrounding homeland security, and on the threat of biological, nuclear, and chemical terrorism. High priority issues at that time included combating biological threats; preventing nuclear smuggling; border entry/exit systems, airport baggage screening systems, and biometric technologies; and developing and organizing the homeland security research and development enterprise. He served as lead author for those portions of the President’s National Strategy for Homeland Security dealing with catastrophic threats and science and technology.
In July of 2002 Dr. Albright was asked to lead the planning for the Chemical, Biological, Radiological, and Nuclear Directorate of the proposed Department of Homeland Security; this later evolved into the Science and Technology Directorate. In this latter capacity Dr. Albright conceptualized the policies and procedures for the new Directorate, including a rigorous planning, programming and budgeting process; guided the development of its initial programmatic activities; developed the budget; developed the organizational concept; and conducted the initial staffing. Throughout this period Dr. Albright was responsible for working with Congress and other Departments to achieve the Bush Administration's vision for the new Department.
Between 1999 and being asked to serve in the White House after the events of September 11th, 2001, Dr. Albright worked in the Advanced Technology Office at the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). While there he developed and managed programs associated with special operations, intelligence collection, molecular biology, communications, and maritime operations. 
From 1986 until joining DARPA, Dr. Albright worked at the federally funded Institute for Defense Analyses (IDA). While there, Dr. Albright became an internationally recognized expert on ballistic and cruise missile defense systems; space based infrared and launch detection systems; and weapons and sensor system design and analysis. He has served on a number of prominent national-level panels related to missile defense, including the “Welch” Panels on National Missile Defense, the Congressionally-mandated reviews of the Patriot PAC-3 system, and the panel on risk reduction for the Navy Area Defense System. For several years he led study efforts for DoD in ballistic and cruise missile defense, including technical and performance analyses of space-based and airborne laser programs; sea-based ballistic missile defense concepts; boost-phase intercept systems; and national missile defense concepts. He served as technical lead for the joint US-Israeli Short Range Rocket Defense study reporting directly to the Secretary of Defense and the Israeli Minister of Defense. He led the study for the Deputy Secretary of Defense that assessed solutions to the MLRS threat in Korea. He was the technical lead for the Theater Air and Missile Defense Modernization panel of the first Quadrennial Defense Review. Dr. Albright initiated and led the Joint Land Attack Cruise Missile Defense study for OSD and the Joint Staff. Dr. Albright served on several national panels in the area of ballistic missile launch detection systems, including the so-called Everett Panel on space based infrared satellites and the Space-based Infrared Architecture Study. Dr. Albright led studies associated with intelligence collection systems, such as hyperspectral sensors for surveillance, and automatic target recognition systems. He was asked by ASD(C3I) to assess future imagery requirements, and their impact on the mix between space-based and airborne collection capabilities. In addition, his analytical skills led to assignment in areas outside of his primary interests. For example, he served on the national panel that reviewed the nerve gas transport modeling of the Khamisiyah release event in Iraq. He also led the analytic team supporting the 1999 Defense Science Board Summer Study, with a focus on the very rapid deployment of ground combat forces and their sustainment. Dr. Albright has designed and executed several experiments, including one carried out by the crew of the Space Shuttle (STS 39). 
Albright received his bachelor's degree in physics from the George Washington University, and his master's and doctorate in physics from the University of Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="36724376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724376" title="Black mecca">
Black mecca

A black mecca, in the United States, is a city to which African Americans, particularly professionals, are drawn to live, due to some or all of the following factors:
Atlanta has been referred to as a black mecca since the 1970s, while New York City's Harlem was referred to as a black mecca during the Harlem Renaissance of the 1920s, 1930s, 1940s and still is today.
Atlanta.
Atlanta has frequently been referred to as a black mecca since the 1970s.
In 1971, "Ebony" called Atlanta the "black mecca of the South", because "black folks have more, live better, accomplish more and deal with whites more effectively than they do anywhere else in the South—or North". "Ebony" illustrated as evidence of "mecca" status Atlanta's high black home ownership, the Atlanta University Center (the nation's largest consortium of historically black colleges (HBCUs)), Atlanta's civil rights heritage, black business ownership, black-owned restaurants, the civic leadership of the black clergy, black fraternal organizations, and black political power in City Hall, while it also acknowledged the poverty which a large percentage of Atlanta's black population endured.
In 1983, Atlanta magazine said that Atlanta's reputation as a black mecca was "deserved because it is true" because "the metro area now has the highest proportion of middle-income African-Americans of any city in the country".
A 1997 "Ebony" article illustrated Atlanta's status as "the new mecca" (and the "land of milk and honey" for blacks) because a poll of the magazine's 100 most influential African Americans voted Atlanta overall the best city for blacks, possessed the most employment opportunities for blacks, it was American's "most diverse city", and was the city with the best schools and most affordable housing for blacks. A 2002 article in the same magazine reconfirmed Atlanta as "the new black mecca" and "the go-to city for blacks."
In 2009 the Associated Press characterized Atlanta's status as a black mecca by black political power in its City Hall.
Black entertainment mecca.
In 2011 in a "New York Times" article whose short title was "Atlanta Emerges as a Black Entertainment Mecca", comedian Cedric the Entertainer, who hosted that year's Soul Train Music Awards, said Atlanta had always been a black mecca and continues to be one, with respect to the black musical talent in the city.
Mecca for LGBT African Americans.
In 2005 the New York Times reported that Atlanta had become a mecca for gay blacks, noting that within the African American community in the U.S., in which being gay was less accepted than in society as a whole, Atlanta formed a refuge of tolerance. It also noted Atlanta's annual Atlanta Black Pride festival. An earlier 2004 article in the Atlanta Journal-Constitution also documented Atlanta as a "hub" or "mecca" for black gays.
Criticism.
Atlanta's status as a "mecca" for blacks is sometimes questioned, or the concept of a "mecca" refuted altogether, due to the endemic high levels of black poverty that exist alongside black success. In 1997 the "Chicago Tribune" published an article titled "Atlanta's image as a black mecca losing luster". The loss in "luster" was because of a reality that too many blacks weren't coming close to financial success, but rather "caught up in a vicious cycle of poverty, crime and homelessness". The city had among the highest crime rates in the nation, many inner-city blacks were unable to travel to jobs in the suburbs, and despite 20 years of black city leadership, the reality was that city officials were unable to solve these problems.
Harlem.
Harlem renaissance.
Harlem in New York City was referred to as a black mecca during the Harlem Renaissance of the 1920s and 1930s. 
In March 1925 the leading magazine "Survey Graphic" produced an issue on "Harlem: Mecca of the New Negro," which was devoted to the African American literary and artistic movement now known as the "Harlem Renaissance." Alain Locke guest-edited this issue. Much of the material appears in his 1925 anthology "The New Negro." In 1965, author Seth Scheiner published the book "Negro Mecca; A History of the Negro in New York City, 1865-1920".
The 2001 book "Harlemworld" documented that the concept of Harlem as a black mecca at that time (i.e. seven decades after the Harlem Renaissance) was still present among many residents - a concept that was "history-laden" or even quasi-mythical.
Mecca for West African Muslim immigrants.
"Black Mecca: The African Muslims of Harlem" was also the title of a 2010 book by Temple University professor Zain Abdullah about Muslim West African immigrants in New York City, using "Mecca" not only in the generic sense of "a place that people are drawn to" but also playing on the original meaning of Mecca as the Muslim holy city.
Washington, D.C..
In 2011, online magazine "Clutch" named Washington, D.C. alongside Atlanta as a black mecca, defining a black mecca as "a magnet for upwardly mobile black professionals from all walks of life, the cities’ landscapes…continuously being transformed by surging black entrepreneurship, and amazing black history through their HBCUs, artistic expression and individual cultures." However, the article questioned the attraction of the "black mecca" cities to young black women professionals in light of high HIV infection rates among black men.
Other cities.
Rarely are places other than Atlanta and Harlem mentioned as black meccas, though in questioning the status of Atlanta as a black mecca, comparisons are often made to other cities with large black populations, such as Detroit, Charleston, SC, Washington, D.C., St. Louis, Memphis, Philadelphia, Miami, Houston, Los Angeles and New Orleans, as well as New York (as a whole, i.e. not just Harlem), Baltimore and Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="36724379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724379" title="Kathleen Taylor">
Kathleen Taylor

Kathleen Taylor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36724382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724382" title="A World for Julius">
A World for Julius

A world for Julius (original title: "Un Mundo para Julius", 1970), was the first novel published by Peruvian writer Alfredo Bryce. In this postmodern novel Bryce incisively charts the decline of an influential, centuries-old aristocratic family faced with the invasion of foreign capital in the 1950s.
The protagonist, Julius, is the youngest child of a wealthy Peruvian family. He studied at Inmaculado Corazón school and Markham College.

</doc>
<doc id="36724395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724395" title="Cubieboard">
Cubieboard

Cubieboard is a single-board computer, made in Shenzhen, Guangdong, China. The first short run of prototype boards were sold internationally in September 2012, and the production version started to be sold in October 2012. It can run Android 4 ICS, Ubuntu 12.04 desktop, Fedora 19 ARM Remix desktop, XBMC media player system, Archlinux ARM or basic Debian server via Cubian distribution.
It uses the AllWinner A10 SoC, popular on cheap tablets, phones and media PCs. This SoC is used by developers of the codice_1 driver, an open source driver for the ARM Mali GPU. It was able, at the 2013 FOSDEM demo to run ioquake 3 at 47 fps in 1024×600.
The Cubieboard team managed to run an Apache Hadoop computer cluster using the Lubuntu GNU/Linux distribution.
Technical specifications.
Cubieboard1.
The little motherboard utilizes the AllWinner A10 capabilities
Cubieboard2.
The second version, sold since June 2013, enhances the board mainly by replacing the AllWinner A10 SoC with an AllWinner A20 which contains 2 ARM Cortex-A7 MPCore CPUs and a dual fragment shader Mali-400 GPU (Mali-400MP2).
This card is used by Fedora to test and develop the Allwinner SoC port of the distribution.
Cubietruck.
The third version has a new and larger PCB layout and features the following hardware:
There is no LVDS support any longer. The RTL8211E NIC allows transfer rates up to 630–638 Mbit/s (sending while 5–10% idle) and 850–860 Mbit/s (receiving while 0–2% idle) when simultaneous TCP connections are established (testing was done utilising iperf with 3 clients against Cubietruck running Lubuntu desktop 1.0)
To connect a 3.5" HDD the necessary 12 V power can be delivered by this 3.5 inch HDD addon package which can be used to power the Cubietruck itself as well. Also new is the option to power the Cubietruck from LiPo batteries.
Cubieboard 8.
On May 4, 2014 CubieTech announced the Cubieboard 8.
It will be based on an Allwinner A80 SoC (quad Cortex-A15, quad Cortex-A7 big.LITTLE), thereby replacing the Mali GPU with a PowerVR GPU.

</doc>
<doc id="36724402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724402" title="List of museums in New Zealand">
List of museums in New Zealand

This is a list of museums in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="36724419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724419" title="Faye family">
Faye family

The patronym Faye (Serer: Fay) is one of the typical surnames of the Serer people of Senegal, the Gambia and Mauritania. In French-speaking Senegal and Mauritania, and English-speaking Gambia, the surname is spelled "Faye".
This Serer surname is unrelated to the similar given name or surname in the Western world. They are also pronounced differently.
The name of their clan is "Fayeen". The history of the Faye family is linked to Serer medieval history and Serer royalty. During the Guelowar period (the last maternal dynasty in the Serer kingdoms), the Faye family provided many of the kings of Sine. This family's biggest rival to the throne of Sine were the Joof family, with whom they have a long joking relationship according to Serer and Senegambian culture.
History.
The early history of the Faye family goes back to Lamanic times, however they did not achieved particular fame and notoriety until the 14th century. The Faye family that had ruled the pre-colonial kingdoms of Sine trace descent to Boukar Djillakh Faye (variation: Bougar Birame Faye), an early 14th century professional wrestler called njom in Serer and patriarch of this patriclan. In the early 14th century, Boukar Djillakh Faye was regarded as one of the best wrestlers in Serer country. The Guelowar princess Lingeer Tening Jom was given to him in marriage. Tening Jom was the niece of Maysa Wali who later became a "Maad a Sinig" (title for the king of Sine) — ruling from c. 1350–1370. From that marriage, they had several children including Tasse Faye (or Tassé Faye, the first from this family to rule Sine as "Maad a Sinig" during this era) and Waagaan Tening Jom Faye (the king with at least 24 children including 9 daughters) — one of the better known kings from this family. Dinned into Senegambian and Serer history, the Faye family, like their Joof counterparts are one of few Senegambian families that have a family anthem ("boom"). The name of their anthem is ""Waagaan Koumbassandiane"", (proper: "Waagaan Kumbasaanjaan") who actually was a medieval king of Sine (Maad a Sinig Waagaan Kumbasaanjaan Faye This family's anthem forms part of the overture of the Epic of Sanmoon Faye, which relates the history and deeds of Maad a Sinig Sanmoon Faye, the controversial king of Sine who succeeded Maad a Sinig Kumba Ndoffene Famak Joof in 1871. Their family totem is the African warthog (called ""ruul a koб"" in Serer, variation: ""ruul-a-koƥ"") — (previously grouped with the boar). In the early part of the Guelowar dynastic period (1350–1969), the Faye paternal dynasty was dominant in Sine, providing many of the Serer kings. However they were eventually overtaken by the Joof family who provided more kings of Sine, even from the 19th century to 1969. Notwithstanding the rivalries between these two patriclans, alliances were formed on certain occasions in order to repulse those they perceived as the greater enemy. One of these medieval alliances was between Maad a Sinig Diessanou Faye and Jaraff Boureh Gnilane Joof (founder of the Royal House of Boureh Gnilane Joof). That historical alliance was brought about when the Muslim marabout—Mohammadou of Koungo launched jihad in the Sine, threatening the survival of Serer religion in the country. Diessanou Faye, who was on the throne of Sine requested the assistance of the Joof family. Assistance was granted, with the Joof clan led by Boureh Gnilane Joof (son of the warlord king of Laah and conqueror of Baol - Maad Patar Kholleh Joof). The Joof—Faye alliance led to the defeat the Muslim army. For his part in achieving victory, Boureh Gnilane was made Jaraff (equivalent of prime minister) and given the sister of Diessanou Faye (Lingeer Gnilane Faye) in marriage.
Historical battles involving this family.
The table below lists some historical battles in Senegambia involving the kings or princes from this patriclan : 
Genealogy.
This abbreviated genealogy shows the descendants of Boukar Djillakh Faye.
Status in Serer religion.
The Faye family's involvement in Serer religion is linked to the Pangool (the Serer saints and ancestral spirits). During the reign of Maad a Sinig Waasila Faye (in the fifteenth century), the Fangool Laga Ndong was canonized king of the Pangool (singular: "Fangool"). Between c. 1750–1763, the then king of Sine — Maad a Sinig Boukar Tjilas Mahe Soum Joof is reported to have come into conflict with the Fangool Tamba Faye (the "great Fangool of Ndiob").
Serer personalities with the surname Faye or Fay.
The following list is a sample of those personalities who are ethnically Serers of Senegal, the Gambia and Mauritania partaining to the Serer patronym "Faye" or "Fay" :

</doc>
<doc id="36724427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724427" title="Julia Wong">
Julia Wong

Julia Wong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36724465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724465" title="Bharat Ram Meghwal">
Bharat Ram Meghwal

Bharat Ram Meghwal (born 11 Jan 1956) is an Indian Politician belonging to the Indian National Congress.He was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from Ganganagar Rajasthan in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36724544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724544" title="John Conroy (disambiguation)">
John Conroy (disambiguation)

John Conroy (1786–1854) was a British army officer and comptroller to the Duchess of Kent and Princess Victoria, future Queen of England.
John Conroy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36724549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724549" title="Clark Bautista">
Clark Bautista

Clark "Tata" Oliver Daniel Bautista (born September 1, 1990 from Bacolod City, Negros Occidental) is a collegiate basketball player from the Philippines. He is currently playing for the UST Growling Tigers men's basketball team in the UAAP.
UST Growling Tigers.
Rookie season.
Bautista joined the Tigers in 2008. In his rookie season, Bautista averaged 6.9 points per game, 1.7 rebounds per game, and 1.4 assists per game. He was also named to the All-Rookie Team for the season and won the UAAP NCAA All-Star Three Point Contest.
Second season.
In his second season, Bautista got more playing time for the Tigers replacing. The Tigers finished the season 6-8 and made it to the Final Four, but were defeated by the Ateneo Blue Eagles in the Final Four 64-81. Bautista finished the season averaging 7.3 points per game, 1.9 rebounds per game and 1.7 assists per game.
Third season.
In his third season, Bautista became a starter for the Tigers while averaging 11.1 points per game, 1.3 rebounds per game, 1.2 assists per game and shooting 36% from 3 point range. Unfortunately, the inexperienced Tigers failed to return to the Final Four and finished 7th in the standings at 4-10 ahead of the UP Fighting Maroons.
Fourth season.
In UAAP Season 74, Bautista sat out for the Tigers due to academic problems which kept him from playing during the season.
However in UAAP Season 75, Bautista returned to the Tigers after clearing up his academic deficiencies and is back in the rotation for the Tigers. Bautista scored a career high 21 points, while shooting 6-9 from 3 point range in a double-overtime victory against the De La Salle Green Archers 84-82. The Tigers were able to advance to the UAAP Final Four as the #2 seed with a 10-4 record in the elimination round, they were able to defeat the NU Bulldogs to advance to the UAAP Finals and faced off against the Ateneo Blue Eagles but were swept in the Finals 2-0 as the Blue Eagles completed their five-peat. Bautista finished the season averaging 7.5 points per game, 2.7 rebounds per game and 1.7 assists per game on 75% free throw shooting.
In the Philippine Collegiate Champions League later that year, Bautista would play a key part in the Tigers run in the tournament as they first won the Metro Manila-Luzon tournament by defeating both the Letran Knights and the Adamson Soaring Falcons to enter into the PCCL Final Four with the Ateneo Blue Eagles, San Beda Red Lions and the Southwestern U Cobras. The Tigers would finish with a 2-1 record in the Final Four to set up a rematch with the Blue Eagles in the Finals, where the Tigers exacted their revenge against the Eagles as they were crowned the National Champions after winning the title in a tightly contested three game series.
Final season.
In his final season with the Tigers, Bautista was named the co-captain of the team with Jeric Teng named the captain. Bautista would alternate starting at the point guard position with Ed Daquioag moving him out of his natural position as a shooting guard for most of the season until the rise of Jamil Sheriff later in the season. The Tigers would eventually make their return to the UAAP Finals where they battled the De La Salle Green Archers. However, after their Game 1 win, the Archers won the next two games giving them their first title since 2007. Bautista ended his final season with the Tigers averaging 7.7 points per game, 3.3 rebounds per game and 1.7 assists per game on 76% shooting from the free throw line.

</doc>
<doc id="36724550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724550" title="Sharifa Rhodes-Pitts">
Sharifa Rhodes-Pitts

Sharifa Rhodes-Pitts is an American historian.
Life.
Rhodes-Pitts is from Houston, Texas, she graduated from Harvard and was a Fulbright Scholar in the United Kingdom.
Her work has appeared in the "New York Times", "Harper's", "Vogue", and "Essence" among other publications. 
She won a Rona Jaffe Foundation Writers' Award for non-fiction in 2006, and has received awards from the Lannan Foundation, and the New York Foundation for the Arts. 
She won a 2012 Whiting Writers' Award.
"Harlem Is Nowhere".
Her 2011 book, "Harlem Is Nowhere", is the first part of a planned trilogy on African-Americans and utopia.
The following books in the trilogy will concern Haiti and the Black belt region of the Southern United States. "Harlem Is Nowhere" was named among 100 Notable Books of 2011 by the New York Times Book Review and nominated for a National Book Critics Circle Award. "Harlem Is Nowhere" developed from "Lenox Terminal", a 2004 essay Rhodes-Pitts wrote for "Transition" magazine. It was shortlisted for the 2012 Dolman Best Travel Book Award.

</doc>
<doc id="36724561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724561" title="Byron Sylvester Waite">
Byron Sylvester Waite

Byron Sylvester Waite (September 27, 1852 - December 31, 1930) was a Judge for the United States Customs Court.
Biography.
Waite was born on September 27, 1852, in Penfield, New York. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1880 from the University of Michigan and read law. He worked in private practice in Wayne County, Michigan from 1881 to 1889. He served as a member of the Michigan House of Representatives from 1889 to 1890 and again from 1895 to 1896. He served as assistant prosecuting attorney for Wayne County from 1895 to 1898. He served as a Judge for the Third Judicial Circuit of Michigan from 1898 to 1900.
Federal Judicial Service.
On June 13, 1902, President Roosevelt nominated Waite to serve as a Member of the Board of General Appraisers, to the seat vacated by Charles H. Ham. He was confirmed by the Senate on June 19, 1902, and received his commission on June 25, 1902. On May 28, 1926, he was transferred by operation of law to the newly created United States Customs Court. He served on the court until his retirement on November 1, 1930, and was succeeded by Judge Walter Howard Evans.
Death.
Waite died on December 31, 1930, in Yonkers, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="36724563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724563" title="Lal Chand Kataria">
Lal Chand Kataria

Lal Chand Kataria (born 12 Jun 1968) is an Indian Politician belonging to the Indian National Congress.He was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from Jaipur Rural, Rajasthan in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36724565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724565" title="International Society for Iranian Studies">
International Society for Iranian Studies

The International Society for Iranian Studies (ISIS) is a private, non-profit academic organization founded in 1967 in the United States, though it now counts upwards of 1,000 members around the world. The ISIS publishes a quarterly journal, "Iranian Studies".

</doc>
<doc id="36724574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724574" title="Epsomantis">
Epsomantis

"Epsomantis" is a genus of mantis in the subfamily Nilomantinae of the family Iridopterygidae and contains only one species, "Epsomantis tortricoides". 

</doc>
<doc id="36724580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724580" title="IVO">
IVO

IVO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36724601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724601" title="Nivedita Tiwari">
Nivedita Tiwari

Nivedita Tiwari (Hindi:निवेदिता तिवारी) is an Indian actress best known for her role as Runjhun in Zee TV's Bhagonwali-Baante Apni Taqdeer. Currently, she portrays Devyani in Sahara One's Phir Jeene Ki Tamanna Hai.
Early life.
Nivedita was born and raised in Faizabad, Uttar Pradesh, and attended the University of Delhi where she studied English Literature.
Film and television career.
Nivedita initially became known when she was shortlisted as one of three candidates in the running to play the role of Anandi in Colors' television show Balika Vadhu. She was later cast in a lead role in Bhagonwali-Baante Apni Taqdeer as Runjhun Mishra (later Runjhun Shukla) a girl who brought good luck to everyone she met simply through her presence or touch but found her own life filled with misfortune. Bhagonwali portrayed how Runjhun was mistreated by her own family members to take advantage of her luck and how she rose above her ordeal through her hard work and positive outlook on life. The show aired on Zee TV from 2010-2012. While a part of Bhagonwali, Nivedita made guest appearances on several of the shows and events which aired on Zee TV. She made appearances as Runjhun on an episode of Yahan Main Ghar Ghar Kheli and Star Ya Rockstar as Zee TV celebrated Diwali across its shows. She also had a dance performance on Zee TV's Umeed Ka Naya Chehra and on an episode of Ram Milaayi Jodi alongside her co-star from Bhagonwali. 
Nivedita had a role in the movie Khap as Sureeli a girl who is murdered by the men in her town because she chose to marry someone from the same village. The movie touched on the issues surrounding honor killings. 
At the end of 2012, she appeared on two different episodes of the weekly television show Lakhon Mein Ek on STAR Plus. Each episode of the show reflects a different story based on real life events. In the first appearance, she was cast opposite Ravi Dubey portraying the character of Afreen. The episode focused on the issue of dowry and told the real life story of Sohail and Afreen's fight against this practice. Next, she acted alongside Ankit Bathla and Rita Bhaduri in an episode that told the story of Preeti and Sunil and their struggle to get married. She also appeared in an episode of Yeh Hai Aashiqui alongside Raj Singh Arora and Pallavi Gupta. In 2014, she was cast in the lead role of Sahara One's Phir Jeene Ki Tamanna Hai as Devyani.
Nivedita has also started appearing in television commercials. Her first television advertisement was for PunjabiMatrimony.com while her second was for the Petroleum Conservation Research Association as part of the "Save Fuel" campaign. 
Personal life.
Nivedita enjoys creative writing, singing, and reading. She had an opinion article along with a short poem published in The Times of India and regularly posts her own works on her blog. Nivedita married Ankur Pegu, Co-Founder and Director of Swasth India, on December 4, 2011 in her hometown Faizabad.

</doc>
<doc id="36724603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724603" title="Chicago Dance Crash">
Chicago Dance Crash

Chicago Dance Crash is an American dance company based in Chicago that merges different dance forms including ballet, hip hop, and capoeira. Founded in 2002 by Illinois State University graduates Marissa Moritz, Charlie Cutler, and Mark Hackman, Dance Crash has performed original repertory works and dance-based theatrical productions at the Ruth Page Center for the Arts, Chicago Shakespeare Theatre at Navy Pier, Dance Chicago, the DCA Storefront Theater, the Harris Theater for Music & Dance, and Mayne Stage while touring nationally.
At the end of 2012, company member Jessica Deahr was named Artistic Director.
References.
official web page

</doc>
<doc id="36724618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724618" title="Bill Skelton (jockey)">
Bill Skelton (jockey)

Bill Skelton (born 1931) was a top jockey in New Zealand Thoroughbred horse racing who competed from the 1940s for four decades. He also rode in Australia, South Africa, Japan, Singapore, Malaysia and Hong Kong.
He started as an apprentice jockey aged 13, and rode his first winner (a dead heat) aged 15 at Winganui. He was champion jockey seven times, and was outside the top four of the premiership between 1947 and 1979 only four times. He rode a record 124 winners in the 1967-68 season, and in May 1980 became the first New Zealand jockey to ride 2000 winners; he finished with 2179. He remains the most successful jockey of the 20th century in New Zealand with those figures. He claimed the best horse he rode was Daryl's Joy, champion New Zealand two year old in 1968, champion three year old in Australia in 1969, and later successful in the United States. Skelton won both the W S Cox Plate and the Victoria Derby on Daryl's Joy in Australia. The big two mile victories in New Zealand included the Auckland Cup on Lucky Son, which he also trained; his father-in-law Fred Pratt's mare Foglia D'Oro in the New Zealand Cup and Loofah in the Wellington Cup.
Skelton was inducted into the New Zealand Sports Hall of Fame in 1990, and to the New Zealand Racing Hall of Fame in 2006. 
His brother Bob Skelton was also a successful jockey as were his other brothers, Frank, Max, and Errol, although Errol gained fame as a top trainer for many years. Bill's son David also rode in both New Zealand and Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36724630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724630" title="Tarachand Bhagora">
Tarachand Bhagora

Tarachand Bhagora (born 01 Jan 1954) is an Indian Politician belonging to the Indian National Congress.He was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from Banswara, Rajasthan in 1996,1999 and 2009

</doc>
<doc id="36724631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724631" title="Epsomantis tortricoides">
Epsomantis tortricoides

"Epsomantis tortricoides" is a species of mantis in the subfamily Nilomantinae of the family Iridopterygidae and is the only species in the genus "Epsomantis". 
Range.
North Borneo, Java.

</doc>
<doc id="36724639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724639" title="Potamilus ohiensis">
Potamilus ohiensis

Potamilus ohiensis, common name the pink papershell is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae. It is also known as the papershell or fragile heelsplitter, and is similar to the Fragile papershell and Pink heelsplitter species.
Description.
The pink papershell has a thin, compressed, elongate shell, with rounded anterior and posterior ends. The surface is shiny, and brown or olive green in color. The nacre is pink or purple. These freshwater mussels grow as large as in length. They generally live in large rivers, with mud, sand or silt bottoms. Fish known as the freshwater drum and white crappie act as hosts for the glochidia larvae of "P. ohiensis".

</doc>
<doc id="36724643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724643" title="Adam Koch">
Adam Koch

Adam Koch (born May 4, 1988) is an American professional basketball player. He was an All-American player as a collegian at Northern Iowa University and led the Panthers to a memorable upset of top-seeded Kansas in the 2010 NCAA Tournament.
College career.
Koch, a 6'8" forward from Ashwaubenon, Wisconsin, played college basketball for coach Ben Jacobson at Northern Iowa from 2006 to 2010. He played a reserve role as a freshman, then started for his last three years. As a junior in the 2008–09 season, Koch averaged 12.1 points and 5.4 rebounds per game while leading the Panthers to a shared Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) regular-season title and a 2009 MVC tournament championship. Koch was named first team all-MVC.
As a senior in 2009–10 season, Koch again led the Panthers to MVC regular season and tournament championships. Koch averaged 11.7 points and 4.9 rebounds and was named MVC Player of the Year. The Panthers entered the 2010 NCAA Tournament as a #9 seed and in the second round defeated the #1 seed Kansas Jayhawks 69-67 to advance to the program's first Sweet 16. At the conclusion of the season, Koch was named an honorable mention All-American by the Associated Press and was a finalist for the Lowe's Senior CLASS Award.
For his career, Koch scored 1,186 points.
Professional career.
After going undrafted in the 2010 NBA draft, he joined the Indiana Pacers for the 2010 NBA Summer League. He later signed with ČEZ Nymburk of the Czech Republic. Koch played sparingly, and was ultimately released in December 2010. In February 2011, Koch was acquired by the Bakersfield Jam of the NBA Development League. He played the remainder of the 2010–11 season, averaging 6.2 points and 4.5 rebounds.
In November 2011, he was re-acquired by the Bakersfield Jam. In November 2012, he was again re-acquired by the Jam.

</doc>
<doc id="36724658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724658" title="Tomás Frías Autonomous University">
Tomás Frías Autonomous University

The Tomás Frías Autonomous University (Universidad Autónoma Tomás Frías or UATF) is a public university located in Potosí, Bolivia. It was established in 1892.
History.
Officially created by Supreme Decree of October 15, 1892, which in the first Article states.
University Districts of Potosi and Oruro are erected.
""Se erigen los distritos Universitarios de Potosí y Oruro""
It began operating from the Free Faculty of Law in 1876, subordinated to Cancelariato of Chuquisaca.
On November 30, 1892, is issued a Regulatory decree by which provides that the departments of Potosí and Oruro are independent of cancelariatos of Chuquisaca and La Paz respectively, and while the law does not give more space to university councils, are restricted to their Faculties of Law.
On February 3, 1893, the University Council of Potosi was installed, under the leadership of chancellor and president Dr. Nicanor Careaga.
Officially in October 1937, it recognizes the autonomy to the university district of Potosi, the first Autonomist Rector was Dr. Alberto Saavedra Nogales.
By Act of November 29, 1924 (enacted on December 2, 1924) by the President of the Republic of Bolivia Dr. Bautista Saavedra Mallea, Potosí University bears the name of eminent intellectual born in Potosí, Dr. Tomás Frías Ametller, recognizing their contribution to the organization of the Bolivian University.
Currently Tomás Frías Autonomous University is one of the 15 universities Recognized by CEUB (Executive Committee of Bolivian Universities), the maximum authority in the Bolivian University.
It has twelve Faculties with 42 Schools.
Campus.
The Central Campus of the Tomás Frías Autonomous University is located at "El Maestro" Avuenue - "Cívica" Avenue, is home for many of the Faculties, other Faculties and the School of Medicine have own buildings distributed in the central area of the Potosi city, currently is under construction a University Citadel that will work with different faculties.
The citadel will be a modern building complex comprising five blocks properly equipped.
The perimeter on which is seated, reaches 80 thousand square meters, is currently running the facility for lithium carbonate production "Technikum", which is dependent of the Tomás Frías Autonomous University and Freiberg University of Mining and Technology.
Colleges.
The university has the following colleges

</doc>
<doc id="36724670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724670" title="Kawuneeche Valley">
Kawuneeche Valley

Kawuneeche Valley is a marshy valley of Colorado River near its beginning. It is located on the west side of Rocky Mountain National Park in Colorado. The axis of the valley runs almost directly north to south. Kawuneeche means "valley of the coyote" in Arapaho Indian language. Coyotes still live here, as do wapiti (elk), mule deer, reintroduced in 1978 into nearby North Park moose, mountain lion.
Along the main part of valley runs the lower section of the Trail Ridge Road - the highest continuous paved road in the United States. 
Wilderness.
The construction of the a water diversion canal called Grand Ditch between the 1890s and 1930s reduced the water table and limited the frequency and magnitude of the floods in the Kawuneeche Valley. Grand Ditch collects water from Colorado River’s tributaries in the Never Summer Mountains like a rain gutter from the roof and diverts it on the other side of the Continental Divide to the Cache La Poudre River via La Poudre Pass, instead of allowing it to flow down to the valley. In addition, Grand Ditch breached its bank on May 30, 2003 and a resulting debris flow caused extensive injury to the upper Kawuneeche Valley. The Grand Ditch owner - the Water Supply and Storage Company (WSSC) was ordered to pay $9 million settlement to the Rocky Mountain National Park. It was the largest natural resource damages payment in the history of the Park System Resource Protection Act. Grand Ditch exerts also negative aesthetic impact on the Kawuneeche.
Elk (wapiti, "Cervus canadensis") was reintroduced to its old stomping grounds in the Colorado River Valley in the mid-1910s.
Moose ("Alces alces") was reintroduced (or rather introduced) by the Colorado Division of Wildlife in 1970s in the North Park, Rocky Mountain National Park's near northwest neighbor, however its breeding populations had probably never inhabited Colorado. This solitary species wanders alone moving south from Wyoming or east from Utah. And such moose probably account for sightings and kills in Colorado between the 1860s and 1960s. This is an ecological innovation driven largely by state game officials to attract sportsmen and tourists.
In 1978 and 1979, 4 bulls, 13 cows, 4 yearlings, and 3 calves were transferred from the Uinta Mountains (Utah) and Grand Teton (Wyoming) to an area near Rand, west of the Never Summer Mountains (Kawuneeche Valley is located just on the east side of this range). All radio collared, 12 each year. And today Kawuneeche Valley is the prime moose habitat, although sightings occur also even further, east of the Continental Divide.
Large herbivores have become so numerous in the Kawuneeche Valley, that they cause significant harm to the willow ("Salix" spp.) thickets and other plants, on which many other organisms depend. Elk is overpopulated, but rarer moose more specialized - 91.3% of its summer diets consist of six willow species.
This is accompanied by drought (caused by water diversion by Grand Ditch, lack of beavers, global climatic patterns) and the proliferation of a native fungus spread by a bird called the sapsucker ("Sphyrapicus" spp.). The primary fungus species is Grosmannia clavigera, but Ophiostoma is also present. The fungi kill the stems above the wells drilled by sapsuckers.
All these factors weaken the ability of the valley’s willows to generate new growth, their communities have declined, only few willow plants on the primary winter range produce seed. As a result, fully dependent on twigs and bark on willow stems North American beaver ("Castor canadensis"), actually living in symbiosis with willow, substantially recovered from fur-trapping by the mid-twentieth century, has now almost entirely abandoned the Kawuneeche.
The most important bark beetle species in the Kawuneeche Valley are mountain pine beetle ("Dendroctonus ponderosae") and spruce beetle ("Dendroctonus rufipennis").
Thanks to the ecologists and fisheries scientists the native Colorado River cutthroat trout ("Oncorhynchus clarki pleuriticus") is coming back, but introduced brook trout ("Salvelinus fontinalis"), rainbow trout ("Oncorhynchus mykiss") and Yellowstone cutthroat trout ("Oncorhynchus clarki bouvieri") continue to outcompete the Kawuneeche’s native fish.
The Grand Ditch enabled fish to swim between the two basins and to mix previously isolated gene pools of two native trout subspecies — greenback cutthroat trout ("Oncorhynchus clarki stomias") from the eastern slope of the Rockies, and Colorado River cutthroat trout ("Oncorhynchus clarkii pleuriticus") from the west.
Historical places.
There are few historical places located in the valley or its vicinity, like:
See also.
Kawuneeche Valley Webcam, National Park Service

</doc>
<doc id="36724672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724672" title="Las Vegas VA Medical Center">
Las Vegas VA Medical Center

The Las Vegas VA Medical Center opened on August 14, 2012 and is located at 6900 N. Pecos Road in North Las Vegas, Nevada. This is the first new VA hospital to open since 1995 and cost $600 million.
The facility will provide 90 beds, a 120-bed nursing home and an outpatient care center. Located on a site and will contain over once it’s fully functional.
History.
The hospital was formally dedicated on August 6, 2012 and services will be added over the remainder of 2012 until the facility is able to provide all planned services.
Access.
In addition to car and van service, the Regional Transportation Commission offers service on the DVX route from the Bonneville Transit Center.

</doc>
<doc id="36724677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724677" title="McKinney Courier-Gazette">
McKinney Courier-Gazette

The McKinney Courier-Gazette is a daily newspaper published in McKinney, Texas, covering Collin County. 
1013 Communications acquired it from American Community Newspapers in 2011.
The newspaper has a daily circulation of 4,400 and a Sunday circulation of 26,400. 

</doc>
<doc id="36724698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724698" title="Enseosteus">
Enseosteus

Enseosteus is a genus of small selenosteid arthrodire placoderms known from the Upper Frasnian Kellwasserkalk facies of Late Devonian Germany and Morocco.
"Enseosteus" is very similar to the other Kellwasserkalk selenosteids, though, the type species, "E. jaekelli", has a bulbous, knob-shaped rostrum. Denison (1978) synonymizes the genera "Ottonosteus" ("O. jaekeli" = "E. hermanni") and "Walterosteus" with "Enseosteus", claiming that the two genera are too similar to "Enseosteus" to merit separate genus status. Rücklin (2011) agrees with Denison's synonymizing of "Ottonosteus", but rejects Denison's synonymization of "Walterosteus", claiming how "Walterosteus" has a contact between the rostral plate and the pineal plate, which "Enseosteus" does not.

</doc>
<doc id="36724725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724725" title="Munkhammar">
Munkhammar

Munkhammar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36724731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724731" title="Trey Radel">
Trey Radel

Henry Jude "Trey" Radel III (born April 20, 1976) is an American politician and a former member of the United States House of Representatives who represented Florida's 19th congressional district from Jan 3, 2013 through January 27, 2014. Radel, a Republican, had previously worked as a television reporter, anchor, conservative talk radio host, and businessman. The district is located in southwest Florida and includes Fort Myers, Naples and Cape Coral.
Radel went on a self-imposed leave of absence following a conviction for cocaine possession, prompting the Republican Party of Florida and Governor of Florida Rick Scott to call for his resignation. On January 27, 2014, Radel announced he would resign from Congress. He had not voted in Congress after November 15, 2013 in the wake of the conviction.
Early life and education.
Trey Radel was born in Cincinnati in 1976 and attended Elder High School. Radel majored in communications and minored in Italian at Loyola University Chicago.
Journalist career.
Radel was trained as an actor and a comedian and performed improvisational work at Second City in Chicago. Radel began his working career as a journalist, working as both an anchor and as a reporter. He interned for CNN at its headquarters in Atlanta. He then worked for the CBS affiliates in Houston and Chicago. He was a TV and radio talk show host of Daybreak, on WINK-TV & WFSX-FM 92.5 Fox News Radio.
He bought the "Naples Journal", a community newspaper in Naples, Florida, which he reformatted and expanded, later selling the paper to the "Naples Daily News". He founded Trey Communications LLC, a conservative media relations firm. The company purchased and sold domain names, including some of a pornographic nature.
He and his wife founded a nonprofit organization called the U.S. Forces Fund, which focuses on helping injured soldiers returning home from abroad.
U.S. House of Representatives.
Republican 14th District Congressman Connie Mack IV decided not to run for reelection to his seat, in order to challenge Democrat U.S. Senator Bill Nelson. Radel decided to run in the open seat, which had been renumbered as the 19th District. Five other Republican candidates also filed to run. Controversy occurred when it was discovered that the campaign committee "Friends of Trey Radel, Inc." had purchased his opponents' domain names nearly a year before he announced he was going to run for office. When this was revealed, he denied knowing about it, blaming it on staff, but eventually admitted he had purchased the domain names. Subsequently, his campaign committee created websites and attached them to his opponents' domain names, purportedly for the purpose of disseminating the voting records of the opponents, which were posted on the websites. Radel's political philosophy is conservative, but he nevertheless has said he supports the principles of the DREAM Act. Radel was endorsed by the incumbent Connie Mack IV, former U.S. Senator Connie Mack III, and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani. Chauncey Goss (who finished second to Radel in the primary) was endorsed by U.S. Congressman Paul Ryan. He won the primary with 30% of the vote, primarily due to the strength of his showing in his native Lee County.
In the general election he faced Democrat Jim Roach of Cape Coral, a retired GM research engineer and Vietnam veteran. However, Radel was heavily favored to win. The 19th has long been reckoned as one of the most Republican districts in Florida, and as such the Republican primary was considered the real contest for the election. In 2008, Republican presidential nominee John McCain won the district with 57% of the vote. In 2010, Rick Scott won the district with 61% of the vote. Radel did indeed win the 2012 election, with 63% of the vote. The "Naples Daily News" reported that the financial disclosure reports Radel submitted during his campaign were inaccurate and that once he was elected he amended these reports. According to Radel's attorney he underreported his assets by failing to note his trust funds.
Arrest, conviction, and resignation.
On October 29, 2013, Radel was arrested in the District of Columbia after attempting to buy 3.5 grams of cocaine from an undercover federal officer. Less than a month later, Radel pled guilty to a misdemeanor count of possession of cocaine and was sentenced to one year of supervised probation. 
In November 2013, Radel announced that he would be taking a leave of absence from Congress to undergo addiction rehabilitation and that he would be donating his salary to charity during his absence, but stopped short of resigning. Following his announcement, the Republican Party of Florida and Governor of Florida Rick Scott called on Radel to "resign immediately" and "focus his attention on rehabilitation and his family". In late January 2014, Radel officially tendered his resignation in a letter to Speaker of the House John Boehner. Republican businessman Curt Clawson won special general election held on June 24, 2014 to replace him.
Personal life.
Radel is married to former FOX-4 anchor Amy Wegmann. They have one child, and live in Fort Myers. He is a self-avowed fan of hip hop music and a devout social media user.

</doc>
<doc id="36724742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724742" title="Rhona Fox">
Rhona Fox

Rhona Fox (born November 2, 1979) is an American film and television actress, who was born in Guyana, South America and is based in New York City.
Biography.
Rhona Fox is a dynamic Guyanese-American actress. Born in Guyana (South America) on November 2, 1979, Fox was raised in Nassau, Bahamas, where her parents who are teachers, moved to secure a better life for her and her two older brothers, Sean and Ron. After graduating high school at 16, she journeyed to New York City for a summer vacation and the rest was destiny. Enrolling in college there, the Big Apple remains home and work today.
After attaining a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Communication, Fox spent the first seven years of her career as an award-winning News Promotion Producer at ABC and FOX news affiliates, before becoming the Editor-In-Chief of Jamrock Magazine, a then nationally-published Caribbean lifestyle and entertainment magazine. Ultimately, she parlayed her extensive professional media experience into launching a music media-marketing firm aptly named Fox Fuse, representing clients such as Pitbull, Lil Jon and Shaggy. In 2011, Fox Fuse evolved into a worldwide digital music distributor, thereby bringing Caribbean music to the global audience in a larger way, and its new direction and management allowed for Fox to fully embark on an acting career.
Working in entertainment offered a natural transition into acting for Fox, who told her mother since she was a five-year-old in Guyana that she will become an actress one day. Being surrounded by opportunities in New York forced her to make the leap towards fulfilling her ultimate dream. In addition to pursuing her acting dreams, Fox enjoys a vegan and cruelty-free lifestyle, and her hobbies include cooking up vegan creations in the kitchen, reading, writing and rooting for her favorite sports teams. She continues to hone her craft and looks forward to more opportunities to define herself as an actress, as well as an ambassador for her Caribbean culture and people.
Early career.
Fox began her professional career as a News Promotion Producer, starting out in 2001 at WTEN Channel 10 in Albany, New York, then in 2004 moved to WXXA-TV FOX23 in Albany, New York. In 2005, Fox won the prestigious Telly Award in editing for a WXXA-TV sweeps promo on a news exposé on online pedophile stings.
In 2006, Fox became the editor of a nationally-published Caribbean lifestyle magazine, Jamrock Magazine, in New York City. She has worked with numerous Caribbean superstars such as Wyclef Jean, Sean Paul and Shaggy, producing cover shoots and coordinating interviews with them for various issues of Jamrock Magazine.
In 2007, Fox founded the music media-marketing firm Fox Fuse and has represented artists like Pitbull, Lil Jon and Shaggy, over the years. Under Fox Fuse, she worked with Shaggy to launch his own record label Ranch Entertainment, on June 4, 2012. Meshing her TV experience with music, Fox ventured into directing music videos. She directed dancehall artist Gyptian's music video for his hit single, "I Can Feel Your Pain." Fox was the publicist for the 'Best of the Best Concert' in Miami in 2009 and 2010, working with some of the biggest names in music including Diddy, Flo Rida, Rick Ross and Nicki Minaj. She served as the official spokesperson for the concert for those two years. From 2010 to 2011, Fox served as the Director of Publicity at VP Records and oversaw publicity for all the label's artists and projects, including Gyptian's breakout hit "Hold You," along with signature releases 'Reggae Gold' and 'Soca Gold' albums. In 2011, Fox took on a partner at Fox Fuse, Zack Cohen, thereby expanding Fox Fuse, which has since evolved into a worldwide music distributor, with the first album released on February 21, 2012 by Trinidadian soca star, Farmer Nappy. Farmer Nappy credits Fox and Fox Fuse for expanding the reach of soca music globally.
Fox has continuously worked to bridge the gap between Caribbean music and the mainstream masses, through her work at Fox Fuse. In October 2012, Fox was interviewed by The Jamaica Observer in an exposé on the future of reggae music and collaborated with hit producers Thomas Wesley Pentz AKA Diplo (DJ) and Shama Joseph AKA Sak Pase for the piece.
Acting career.
Fox’s first acting gig placed her on the set of the Rocawear 10th Anniversary commercial in August 2009, where she was directed by Spike Lee. Ever since then, she was truly bitten by the acting bug. She was cast as the principal in a regional TV promotion for cross-branding between iPod and "Seinfeld" for its syndication on FOX, appearing as the wacky, dancing Elaine character from "Seinfeld". She also received print placement atop the national Yahoo.com homepage, appearing as a dentist in Yahoo’s top story. Additionally, Fox gained priceless experience by working as a stand-in for the top Indian actresses in Hollywood, including Mindy Kaling on "The Mindy Project" (FOX), Archie Panjabi on "The Good Wife" (CBS), and Reshma Shetty on "Royal Pains" (USA).
Fox scored her first speaking role in the pilot of the ‘Untitled Wall Street Project,’ acting in a scene opposite Maggie Grace in the John Cusack-fronted drama series for CBS. She was handpicked by Martin Scorsese to be featured in the final shot of his blockbuster flick "The Wolf of Wall Street", where she was directed by the iconic director himself. She also had minor roles in "Law & Order" (NBC) and "Made in Jersey" (CBS), where the director liked her name and had it added to the script for her character’s name. Fox is currently developing independent projects along with other upcoming talents and has several feature and short film projects currently in production.
Recognition.
Fox received The Rising Sun Award at the Caribbean Heritage Organization's 'Tribute to Hollywood & The Arts Gala' in Universal City, California on June 21, 2013. She was recognized as the emerging actor of Caribbean heritage for that year.
In October 2013, she was bestowed the coveted cover story for GEM (Guyana Entertainment Magazine) for its “Guyana’s 40 Under 40” edition, and has received coverage in all the national publications in her native country. She was featured in Guyana's top newspaper, Stabroek News, on the cover of its entertainment supplement The Scene, in September 2013. She was also featured on the cover of SYM Magazine in New York City, in 2012.
In June 2012, she was honored with the prestigious Golden Arrowhead Award from Guyana, during a ceremony hosted by the Guyana Consulate in New York City. She was also presented with a Proclamation from the City of New York for her contributions to the arts, during the same ceremony.
In 2005, Fox won the prestigious Telly Award in editing for a WXXA-TV sweeps promo on a news exposé on online pedophile stings.

</doc>
<doc id="36724749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724749" title="Highlife (album)">
Highlife (album)

Highlife (full title Music from the New African Nations featuring the Highlife) is an album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1963 and originally released on the Colpix label. The album is inspired by the music of Africa, in particular the highlife genre of West Africa.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 5 stars with its review by Scott Yanow stating, "Highly recommended, these sessions are among the recorded highpoints of Randy Weston's productive career".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Randy Weston except as indicated

</doc>
<doc id="36724756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724756" title="Ñuble metro station">
Ñuble metro station

Ñuble is a metro station on the Line 5 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. The station has street-level platforms with an underground ticket hall, which is accessed from the south sidewalk of the underpass under the station, which carries Carlos Dittborn Avenue. That street originates half-block west of the station as the continuation of Ñuble Street, which gives its name to the station.
Its copper-clad roof is supported by girder arches, which have circular holes.

</doc>
<doc id="36724765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724765" title="Dewey Barto">
Dewey Barto

Dewey Barto (born Stewart Steven Swoyer; June 10, 1896 – January 31, 1973) was best known as half of the comedic and acrobatic dance act, Barto and Mann.
Early career.
Born as Stewart Steven Swoyer in Reading, Pennsylvania to Elizabeth and Charles "Roxie" Swoyer, an acrobat, who owned a horse and wagon circus. Dewey came from a family of performers. His sisters Estelle and Ida were trapeze artists and contortionists, first as the Miaco Sisters and later as the Delno Sisters. His brother Charles played drums with several well-known bands. By the age of 16, Dewey was the youngest trader on the Curb Market on Wall Street. He gained popularity as a dancer in Liberty bond drives, and when his company collapsed during a financial depression, Dewey joined The Three Bartos acrobatic team. He initially used the name Dewey Swoyer, but later changed his name to Dewey Barto, a name he used for the rest of his life.
In 1919, Barto married another vaudeville performer, Myrtle Lawler, half of the Grazer and Lawler song and dance act. Their elder daughter, Anna Myrtle Swoyer, was born in Philadelphia on May 10, 1922. She later changed her name to Nancy Walker, becoming an actress and comedienne of stage, screen, and television. Not long after her birth, Barto was performing in an acrobatic act billed as Barto and Melvin. He began dancing solo in 1924 as the "The Hectic Hoofer" and continued performing as a single with Fanchon and Marco enterprises in 1925.
Barto and Mann.
While performing as a single with Fanchon and Marco in early 1926, Barto (4'11", the same height as his elder daughter) was paired with George Mann (6'6"). Together, they began to develop comedic dance and acrobatic material based on the disparity in their heights that was well received by audiences up and down the West Coast. At the end of 1926, they signed a ten-year contract with Fanchon and Marcho that linked them together as Barto and Mann for over 15 years. William Morris of the William Morris Agency booked them "cold" into the Palace Theatre on March 14, 1927, where they were a great success. With offers from all the major vaudeville circuits, they chose to sign with the Orpheum Circuit. Several months later they had switched to the Keith-Albee Circuit with whom they toured across the U.S. until they signed with "Earl Carroll's Vanities" from August 1928 to February 1929.
The Barto's second child, Betty Lou Barto, was born on August 17, 1930, and also became a performer. Myrtle Barto died suddenly on January 2, 1931. Following a break to recover from his wife's death, Barto rejoined Mann and continued touring the U.S. and Canada, with European tours in the summers of 1931 and 1934. As vaudeville faded, Barto and Mann joined the Broadway cast of Olsen and Johnson's "Hellzapoppin", with featured billing from 1938 through 1942. The team split up in December 1943. 
American Guild of Variety Artists.
In the early 1920s, Barto joined the National Vaudeville Artists, E.F. Albee's company union formed to counter the White Rats. In early August 1940, Barto was named president of the American Guild of Variety Artists (AGVA), succeeding Jay Flippen who had resigned earlier. Barto resigned as president of the AGVA in February 1941, which led to the Associated Actors and Artistes of America (4As) assuming operational control of AGVA.
Barto was again elected to the board of the AGVA to represent the New York local in May 1941. When AGVA achieved independence from the Associated Actors and Artistes of America in November 1948, Barto was unanimously drafted by AGVA's national board to become its National Administrative Secretary. He announced his intention to resign the position in November 1949.
Death.
Barto died in Beverly Hills, California on January 31, 1973, aged 76.

</doc>
<doc id="36724771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724771" title="Edward Purkis Frost">
Edward Purkis Frost

Edward Purkis Frost (1842 – 1922) was an English pioneer of aviation. He built ornithopters and became president of the Aeronautical Society. 
E.P. Frost lived at West Wratting Hall in Cambridgeshire and became a Justice of the Peace. 
Frost began studying flight in 1868 and built a large steam-powered flying machine with both fixed and flapping wings from 1870 to 1877. Frost had intended to have a 20-25 hp steam engine but the actual engine with 5 hp was not powerful enough to lift the ornithopter from the ground. The experiment cost Frost £1000. In collaboration with several colleagues he started another large similar craft in 1902 with an internal combustion engine. It lifted from the ground in 1904. A wing from this craft is displayed in London's Science Museum.
Frost had been a member of the Aeronautical Society since 1875 and became its president from 1908 to 1911. 

</doc>
<doc id="36724772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724772" title="Bank of American Fork">
Bank of American Fork

History
Bank of American Fork was established in 1913 as The People's State Bank of American Fork. In its early years, the bank found modest success servicing mostly sheep farmers in Utah County. Key to the bank's success was the leadership by Clifford E. Young, the Bank's manager from 1913 until the mid 1950s.
After the stock market crashed in 1929, the Bank survived with the help of Young and other shareholders who sold and mortgaged personal property. In early 1932, Young decided to temporarily close People's State Bank instead of risking a run on the bank, as had happened to many banks across the country. The bank re-opened later that year.
Orville Gunther, a local businessman, had been serving on the Bank's board of directors for several years when, in the early 1960s, he was given the opportunity to purchase controlling interest in the bank, which he did. Soon after, Gunther shortened the name of the bank by dropping "People's State" so that it became known as simply "Bank of American Fork."
Expansion within Utah began in the 1970s when the Bank's second branch was built in Alpine. The 1990s saw full-service branches constructed in Highland, Orem, Lehi, Pleasant Grove and Spanish Fork. With the new century came new branches in the Salt Lake Valley, including locations in Draper, Sandy, Murray and Riverton. Most recently, a Saratoga Springs branch opened in Utah Valley and a Layton branch opened in Davis County, bringing the total number of Bank of American Fork branches to 13.
The Building
The Bank of American Fork is a bank in American Fork, Utah. Its historical building was built in 1911 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
The bank's headquarters is significant as the only surviving bank building and the "most visually impressive" of four surviving intact historic commercial buildings on Main Street.

</doc>
<doc id="36724805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724805" title="Narfi and Nari">
Narfi and Nari

In Norse mythology, Narfi is a son of Loki, referred to in a number of sources. According to the "Gylfaginning" section of Snorri Sturluson's "Prose Edda", he was also called Nari and was killed by his brother Váli, who was transformed into a wolf; in a prose passage at the end of the Eddic poem "Lokasenna", Narfi became a wolf and his brother Nari was killed.
Textual mentions.
In chapter 50 of "Gylfaginning", to punish Loki for his crimes, the Æsir turn his son Váli into a wolf and he dismembers his brother, "Nari or Narfi", whose entrails are then used to bind their father.
The prose colophon to "Lokasenna" has a summary of the same story, probably derived from Snorri; In this version, there is no mention of a brother named Váli, Nari is the brother who is killed, Narfi transforms into a wolf, and the connection is not explained.
Snorri also names "Nari or Narfi" as the son of Loki and his wife Sigyn earlier in "Gylfaginning", and lists "father of Nari" as a heiti for Loki in the "Skáldskaparmál" section of his work. In addition, Narfi is mentioned in the much earlier "Ynglingatal" of Þjóðólfr of Hvinir, where Hel is referred to by the kenning "jóðís ulfs ok Narfa" ("sister of the wolf Fenrir and Narfi"), and in the "Haustlöng", which may be by the same skald. 
Narfi also occurs as a personal name. For example, a Norwegian bishop and king's counselor who died in 1304 was named Narve.
Interpretations.
The picture is confused, making it uncertain whether Nari and Narfi are the same, and how he or they relate to the father of Nótt, the personification of night, who is also sometimes called Narfi. The name has been interpreted as meaning "narrow", but Rudolf Simek suggests that the association with Hel and the use of the same name for Nótt's father indicate that Narfi may have "originally a demon of the dead" and that his name could be related to the Old Norse word "nár", "corpse", which gave rise to Náströnd and Naglfar. 
In popular culture.
"Narfi" is the title of a song on the album "Börn Loka" of the Icelandic band Skálmöld.

</doc>
<doc id="36724809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724809" title="Woodpecker Wooliams">
Woodpecker Wooliams

Woodpecker Wooliams was the musical moniker of Brighton, England, United Kingdom based musician Gemma Williams. She announced the "death" of the project on her website in September 2013. 
Musical career.
Williams' music, consisting of voice, harp, analogue synths and 'noise', began in 2009 after her midwifery training was interrupted by 'a sudden and severe illness' . 
She released an album called "The Bird School of Being Human" on Robot Elephant Records in September 2012. In 2012 Woodpecker Wooliams was The Guardian's 'New band of the Day'.
Discography.
Albums
Singles
EPs
Soundtracks

</doc>
<doc id="36724812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724812" title="Beck No. 2 Mine">
Beck No. 2 Mine

The Beck No. 2 Mine near Eureka, Utah dates from 1890. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The listing included "surface plant buildings" of the mine (two contributing buildings) and one other contributing structure, a "remaining wooden headframe", described as a "fifty foot wooden headframe A-frame Montana type". These evoke the past mining operations at the site.

</doc>
<doc id="36724836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724836" title="Victoria Beckham discography">
Victoria Beckham discography

The discography of Victoria Beckham, an English pop music singer, consists of one studio album, one cancelled album, five singles, five music videos and one DVD. On 14 August 2000, Beckham released her first solo single, "Out of Your Mind" in collaboration with Dane Bowers and Truesteppers and debuted at Number 2 in the UK Singles Chart. Before the single's release, on 8 July 2000, Beckham made her public solo debut at London's Hyde Park at a concert to raise money for the Prince's Trust charity. She sang "Out of Your Mind" to a 100,000-strong audience. Beckham then signed a recording contract with her group label Virgin Records. Her next single as a solo artist, "Not Such An Innocent Girl", was released on 17 September 2001. Again, she faced competition in another hugely hyped chart battle, this time with Kylie Minogue's single "Can't Get You Out Of My Head". Despite a huge promotional campaign, Beckham was outsold eight to one, and her single debuted at number 6. Beckham's "eponymous debut album", which was released on 1 October 2001, reached Number 10 in the UK album chart. The album cost a reputed £5 million to produce and it sold a modest 100,000 copies. The second and final single to be released from the album was "A Mind of Its Own" on 11 February 2002. The single reached number 6 in the UK and sold 56,500 copies. A third single, "I Wish", was promoted but never materialised.
In 2002, Telstar Records signed Beckham in a deal made with 19 Management worth £1.5 million. In 2003 Beckham's first single with Telstar, "Let Your Head Go / This Groove", was released in the UK on 29 December 2003, charted at Number 3 in the UK. Beckham spent much of that year recording two pop/urban-influenced albums called "Open Your Eyes" and "Come Together". These albums never materialized, and amidst the collapse of Telstar and bankruptcy of the label, remaining plans for Beckham's music career were shelved and cancelled. All promotional albums and tracks have been leaked and are available on YouTube and various sources online.

</doc>
<doc id="36724846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724846" title="Tạ Phong Tần">
Tạ Phong Tần

Tạ Phong Tần (born 1968 in Vĩnh Lợi District, Bạc Liêu Province) is a Vietnamese dissident blogger. A former policewoman and a member of the Communist Party of Vietnam, she was arrested in September 2011 on anti-state propaganda charges for her blog posts alleging government corruption. On 30 July, Ta Phong Tan's mother Dang Thi Kim Lieng immolated herself in front of the government offices in Bạc Liêu Province in protest of the charges against her daughter. On 4 October 2012, Ta Phong Tan was sentenced to ten years in prison. Her arrest was protested by groups including the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the US State Department, Amnesty International, and Human Rights Watch.
Blogging.
When she began to blog, Ta Phong Tan worked as a policewoman. In 2004, she became a freelance journalist. Two years later, she started a blog titled "Cong Ly va Su That" ("Justice and Truth"), which became popular for its reports on police abuses. Because of these reports and the criticism on the web about the policies of the Communist Party of Vietnam, she was expelled from the Party and lost her job in 2006.
She was arrested in September 2011 along with fellow dissident bloggers Nguyen Van Hai and Phan Thanh Hai, all of whom had posted through the "Free Vietnamese Journalists' Club". The three were charged with writing anti-state propaganda. The charges carried a maximum sentence of twenty years' imprisonment. "The Economist" described the arrests as "the latest in a series of attempts by Vietnam's communist rulers to rein in the country's blossoming internet population."
The UN Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights criticized the arrests, stating its concern for "what appears to be increasingly limited space for freedom of expression in Viet Nam". In a July 2012 visit to Hanoi, US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton expressed concern for the detention of the three members of the Free Vietnamese Journalists' Club. Amnesty International described the three as prisoners of conscience and urged their release. The International Federation for Human Rights and World Organisation Against Torture also released a joint statement calling on the Vietnamese government to release the three bloggers unconditionally.
Mother's self-immolation.
On the morning of 30 July 2012, Ta Phong Tan's 64-year-old mother, Dang Thi Kim Lieng, set herself on fire outside the Bac Lieu People's Committee in protest of her daughter's detention, one week before Tan's trial was set to begin. Lieng died of her burns en route to the hospital. The death was the first reported self-immolation in Vietnam since the 1970s.
Vietnamese state media did not acknowledge the death for several days before stating that it would investigated. An indefinite postponement was announced in Tan's trial.
The US Embassy in Vietnam stated that it was "concerned and saddened" by the news, and reiterated its calls for the bloggers' release. The US-based Committee to Protect Journalists called Lieng's death "a shocking reminder that Vietnam's campaign against bloggers and journalists exacts an unbearable emotional toll on the individuals involved." Human Rights Watch called on the international community to address the underlying human rights situation, stating, "This is not just a tragedy for one family. This is a tragedy for the whole country."
A large number of mourners journeyed to Lieng's home to pay respects in the week following her death, though many were reportedly intercepted on the roads by state security forces. The government also placed Lieng's mourners under surveillance by plainclothes police officers.
Sentence.
On 4 October 2012, Ta Phong Tan was sentenced to ten years in prison in a one-day hearing that "The Economist" compared to a Soviet Union show trial. Prosecutors stated that the three had "distorted the truth about State and Party, created anxiety among citizens and supported schemes to overthrow the government", and the court found that they were "seriously affecting national security and the image of the country in the global arena." Phan Thanh Hai, who had pled guilty, was sentenced to four years' imprisonment, and Nguyen Van Hai to twelve years. The sentences were upheld by an appeals court on 28 December 2012.
Awards.
In December 2012, Ta Phong Tan was one of 41 people to win a Hellman/Hammett award from Human Rights Watch, which recognizes writers suffering from political persecution.

</doc>
<doc id="36724864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724864" title="2011 Gomelsky Cup">
2011 Gomelsky Cup

The 2011 Gomelsky Cup is a European basketball competition that occurred between September 24 and September 25 in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="36724868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724868" title="Fort de Pontisse">
Fort de Pontisse

The Fort de Pontisse is one of twelve forts built as part of the fortifications of Liège in the late 19th century in Belgium. It was built between 1881 and 1884 according to the plans of General Henri Alexis Brialmont. Contrasting with the French forts built in the same era by Raymond Adolphe Séré de Rivières, the fort was built exclusively of unreinforced concrete, a new material, rather than masonry. The fort was heavily bombarded by German artillery in the Battle of Liège. Attacked in both World War I and World War II, the fort has been preserved as a refuge for bats, which may be visited during summer months.
Description.
The Fort de Pontisse is located about northeast of the center of Liège. Flémalle overlooks the Meuse valley and the Albert Canal downstream from Liège.
The fort was built as an irregular trapezoid. A deep by ditch encircles the fort. The principal armament was concentrated in the central massif. The ditches were defended in enfilade by 57mm guns in casemates resembling counterscarp batteries, firing at shot traps at the other end of the ditch. The fort is one of the larger Liège forts. 
With the exception of the Fort de Loncin, the Belgian forts made little provision for the daily needs of their wartime garrisons, locating latrines, showers, kitchens and the morgue in the fort's counterscarp, a location that would be untenable in combat. This would have profound effects on the forts' ability to endure a long assault. The service areas were placed directly opposite the barracks, which opened into the ditch in the rear of the fort (i.e., in the face towards Liège), with lesser protection than the two "salient" sides. The Brialmont forts placed a weaker side to the rear to allow for recapture by Belgian forces from the rear, and located the barracks and support facilities on this side, using the rear ditch for light and ventilation of living spaces. In combat heavy shellfire made the rear ditch untenable, and German forces were able to get between the forts and attack them from the rear.
The Brialmont forts were designed to be protected from shellfire equaling their heaviest guns: 21cm. The top of the central massif used of unreinforced concrete, while the caserne walls, judged to be less exposed, used . Under fire, the forts were damaged by 21cm weapons and could not withstand heavier artillery.
Armament.
Pontisse's armament included two turrets with a single 21 cm Krupp gun, a 15 cm turret with twin guns and two 12 cm turrets with two Krupp guns, all for distant targets. Four 57mm gun turrets were provided for local defense. The fort also mounted an observation turret with a searchlight. Eight rapid-fire 57mm guns were provided in casemates for the defense of the ditches and the postern. 
The fort's heavy guns were German, typically Krupp, while the turret mechanisms were from a variety of sources. The fort was provided with signal lights to permit communication with the neighboring Fort de Liers and Fort de Barchon across the river. The guns were fired using black powder rather than smokeless powder, producing choking gas in the confined firing spaces that spread throughout the fort.
First World War.
Liège first came under attack on 6 August 1914. When the Liège's fortifications proved unexpectedly stubborn, the Germans brought heavy siege artillery to bombard the forts with shells far larger than they were designed to resist. Pontisse was the first fort to come under bombardment from 42 cm artillery. It held out until 13 August 1914, when it surrendered, unable to resist any longer. The Germans improved Pontisse with better sanitary arrangements, ventilation and reinforced concrete in 1916. The Liège forts were reoccupied by the Belgian army in 1918 after the armistice.
Fortified Position of Liège.
Pontisse's armament was upgraded in the 1930s to become part of the Fortified Position of Liège II, which was planned to deter a German incursion over the nearby border. The armament was upgraded with new guns in the turrets and an anti-aircraft battery. This was accompanied by improvements to ventilation, protection, sanitary facilities, communications and electrical power. The 57mm guns were replaced with machine guns. As the most northern fort in PFL IV, it was tasked to support Fort Eben-Emael. A flanking bunker was built to survey the Laveau ravine and to serve as an alternate exit and as a source of ventilation air, in contrast to most of the other Liège forts, which used ventilation towers.
Second World War.
In May 1940 Pontisse was garrisoned by 223 men under the command of Captain-Commandant Fernand Pire. Following the successful German assault on Fort Eben-Emael to the east on May 11, Pontisse provided fire support for Belgian field units for the next few days, including firing on the area around Eben-Emael after Eben-Emael's surrender. Pontisse surrendered in its turn on May 18 following air attack that destroyed the 105mm turret and damaged the 76mm turrets. Pontisse was in any case almost out of ammunition.
Present.
Pontisse was used as an army munitions depot after the war, then by a private munitions firm for the same purpose. It was stripped of its equipment by a salvager in the 1950s. The fort has been unoccupied since 1993. It is presently maintained as a refuge for bats during the winter months. It may be visited in the summer by arrangement.

</doc>
<doc id="36724903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724903" title="Sandra Edge">
Sandra Edge

Sandra Helen Edge, (born 1962), is a former New Zealand netball player. She was noted as the best centre in the world.
She captained the New Zealand under 21 team in 1982, aged 17. She debuted in the Silver Ferns in Melbourne in 1985, against Australia. For the next ten years she played in a record 94 internationals and three world championships; the team won the world title in 1987. She became New Zealand team captain in 1994, and retired in 1995. The team defeated England and South Africa, and came third in the 1995 world championship.
In the 1995 Queen's Birthday Honours, Edge was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire, for services to netball. She was inducted into the New Zealand Sports Hall of Fame in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36724950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724950" title="Falcon Dam Port of Entry">
Falcon Dam Port of Entry

Falcon Dam Port of Entry is a port of entry to the United States on the Mexican border.
The Falcon Dam was built in 1954 to mitigate the effects of flooding conditions that had long plagued the towns and cities on the Texas-Mexico border, and to provide hydro-electric power for the Rio Grande Valley. The Falcon Dam Port of Entry is essentially a replacement for the former Zapata Port of Entry, which was situated at a bridge in the town of Zapata, Texas. When the dam was completed, the town was moved to higher ground, and the Zapata Bridge now lies at the bottom of Falcon Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="36724993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724993" title="Gomelsky Cup">
Gomelsky Cup

The Gomelsky Cup is an annual basketball tournament held in Moscow in the fall. Four European teams are selected to participate in the tournament. The four teams face off in the semifinal bracket; the two winners of each match play each other, while the losers also play each other for third place. The hosts CSKA Moscow have won five consecutive titles as of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36724994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36724994" title="Mark Regnerus">
Mark Regnerus

Mark Daniel Regnerus is a sociology professor at the University of Texas at Austin. His main fields of interest are sexuality of adolescents and religion.
He earned his PhD in 2000 from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
His dissertation, "Adolescent socialization and avoiding trouble: A perspective on religious influences", was written under the direction of Christian Smith, with whom he subsequently co-wrote several articles about society and religion.
Regnerus has conducted research on the impact of a child having a parent who has been involved in a same-sex relationship. Regnerus believes that children fare better in households headed by opposite-sex couples; a 2012 article conveying this finding in "Social Science Research" has generated protracted debate and controversy, including a disavowal by Regnerus' own employer and a condemnation by colleagues in his department and by American sociologists more generally.
Regnerus appeared as an expert witness in a 2014 federal court hearing regarding Michigan's ban on same-sex marriage. The judge, Bernard A. Friedman, repudiated Regnerus' testimony, saying "The Court finds Regnerus's testimony entirely unbelievable and not worthy of serious consideration" and noting that Regnerus had attempted to conceal the role of the conservative funders (Witherspoon Institute and Bradley Foundation) supporting the research.
Regarding the connection between one's faith and the activities of Christian professors, Regnerus noted in an alumni profile that "I believe that if your faith matters, it should inform what you teach and what you research".
His books include "Premarital Sex in America: How Young Americans Meet, Mate, and Think about Marrying" and "Forbidden Fruit: Sex and Religion in the Lives of American Teenagers", both published by Oxford University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="36725017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725017" title="Aitai Aitai Aitai na">
Aitai Aitai Aitai na

Background.
The song "Aitai Aitai Aitai na" was premiered at the first concert of the Hello! Project 15th Anniversary Live 2012 Summer tour, on July 21 at the Onyx Theater in Osaka. The single will be released in five versions: Regular Edition and Limited Editions A, B, C, and D. The Regular Edition and the Limited Edition D are CD-only. The Limited Editions A, B, and C include a DVD. All the limited editions are shipped sealed and include a serial-numbered entry card for the lottery to win a ticket to one of the single's launch events.
Chart performance.
The single debuted at number 3 in the daily Oricon chart.
Track listing.
Bonus.
Sealed into all the limited editions:

</doc>
<doc id="36725019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725019" title="Nicola Vaccaro">
Nicola Vaccaro

Nicola Vaccaro (1632 – May 23, 1709) was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period. 
Born in Naples to a family of painters, including his father, Andrea Vaccaro, with whom he first apprenticed. He became enamoured with the style of Salvator Rosa's landscape paintings. He moved to Rome and joined the studio of Nicolas Poussin. Late in life, he fell in love with a songstress of the theater, and abandoned painting to become an impresario with the Theater San Bartolomeo.

</doc>
<doc id="36725032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725032" title="2/29th Battalion (Australia)">
2/29th Battalion (Australia)

The 2/29th Battalion was an infantry battalion of the Australian Army, which served during the Second World War. Formed in October 1940, the battalion served in Malaya as part of the 27th Brigade, which was assigned to the 8th Division. The 2/29th Battalion surrendered as part of the capitulation of Singapore and spent the remainder of the war as prisoners of war.
Battle honours.
The 2/29th Battalion received the following battle honours:
Commanding officers.
The following officers served as commanding officer of the 2/29th:

</doc>
<doc id="36725050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725050" title="Central FC">
Central FC

Central Football Club is a Trinidad and Tobago professional football club, based in California, that plays in the TT Pro League. Founded in 2012, the "Sharks" were the 21st team to join the Pro League and plays its home matches in Ato Boldon Stadium located in nearby Couva.
History.
Central FC was founded in July 2012 by former Trinidad and Tobago international football player Brent Sancho, with the ambitions to become a high achieving and active club within its community. After the club's first season, Central built a reputation in bringing football in community events having completed over twelve projects.
On 13 August 2012, former Arsenal and England international Graham Rix was named the club's first manager for their inaugural Pro League season. However, after Rix returned to his native England in December, the club appointed former San Juan Jabloteh manager and England international Terry Fenwick.
Inaugural season.
Central FC began play in the 2012–13 TT Pro League season with their first match on 19 October 2012, against Police, which they won 1–0 following a goal from former captain Anthony Wolfe. The "Sharks" finished in a solid fifth position after their inaugural Pro League season having won eight from their 21 matches. However, the club's most significant accomplishment during their first season came in the FA Trophy after advancing to the final before losing 1–0 to Caledonia AIA.
Following the season, Central hosted a pre-season tour of Trinidad and Tobago for Football League One club, Walsall in July 2013. During the England club's visit, Central arranged for the "Saddlers" to visit four coaching schools and compete in three exhibition matches. The tour also provided four Central FC players a week trial with Walsall.
Players and staff.
Notable former players.
"This list of former players includes those who received international caps while playing for the team, made significant contributions to the team in terms of appearances or goals while playing for the team, or who made significant contributions to the sport either before they played for the team, or after they left. It is clearly not yet complete and all inclusive, and additions and refinements will continue to be made over time."

</doc>
<doc id="36725067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725067" title="Jumbo Jet (Six Flags Great Adventure)">
Jumbo Jet (Six Flags Great Adventure)

Jumbo Jet was a prefabricated steel roller coaster at Great Adventure (what is now Six Flags Great Adventure) in Jackson, New Jersey. Jumbo Jet was a member of the well-known Jet Star 3 / Jumbo Jet model line which was designed and manufactured by noted roller coaster designer Anton Schwarzkopf.
Jumbo Jet was erected in 1975 as part of the Fun Fair section of Great Adventure. Press accounts at the time quoted Great Adventure vice president for operations Robert Minick as saying that Jumbo Jet was "the largest ready-made roller coaster that be bought". The coaster was leased from Willy Miller's Continental Park Attractions along with several of the other rides in the Fun Fair section. The ride was assembled in the spring, and by all accounts sat idle for weeks. The Jumbo Jet never operated or opened to the public while it was at the park. Currently no reason is known for why the coaster never opened. About a month after being built, the ride was dismantled. It is still unknown where the ride went or what happened to this ride.
While there is no confirmation in regards to this Jumbo Jet's final location, and many rumors persist, Roller Coaster DataBase puts forward the rumor that this coaster was the Jumbo Jet at Morey's Piers. Other sources directly contradict this idea, however, providing evidence that the Morey's Piers Jumbo Jet was purchased in Germany.
Ride layout.
This Jumbo Jet was the first instance of a Jet Star 3 / Jumbo Jet model coaster in the state of New Jersey. Unlike typical chain lifted or launched roller coasters, this model of coaster reached the first drop by way of small wheel motors that drove it up the incline of a helix. Electric spiral lift coasters became very common in the 1970s, and were also different from later steel roller coaster designs in terms of track thickness.

</doc>
<doc id="36725129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725129" title="Shaun Beeley">
Shaun Beeley

Shaun Anthony Beeley (born 21 November 1988) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Morecambe in League Two. He has also been capped for England C.
Career.
Early career.
Beeley spent his youth career in the youth academy at Oldham Athletic. He then joined Southport F.C. of the Conference National.
Fleetwood Town.
Beeley joined Fleetwood Town on 1 November 2007. He was a member of the Fleetwood side that won promotion to the Conference North, Conference National and Football League Two. On 13 August 2012 Beeley made his Football League Cup debut against Nottingham Forest where Town lost 0–1 to the Championship side. On 30 January 2014, Beeley was released from Fleetwood Town.
Bury.
Beeley joined Bury on a six-month loan deal from Fleetwood Town and he scored his first goal in the 1st round of the Football League Cup against Crewe Alexandra, Bury went on to win the match 3–2.
Morecambe.
After being released by Fleetwood, Beeley agreed terms with Morecambe taking him to the end of the 2013–14 season.
Beeley signed a two year deal with the Shrimps in May 2014.
England C cap.
Fleetwood Town’s Shaun Beeley earned his first England C cap and follows in the steps of Highbury teammates Richard Brodie, Rob Atkinson, Peter Cavanagh and Andy Mangan who have all worn the Three Lions shirts. The ‘C’ team are the national football team that represents England at non-league level.

</doc>
<doc id="36725138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725138" title="Glasgow National Hockey Centre">
Glasgow National Hockey Centre

Glasgow National Hockey Centre is a facility for playing field hockey, situated on Glasgow Green in Glasgow, United Kingdom. The facility has been constructed for the Commonwealth Games in 2014. The facility includes 2 Synthetic Hockey Pitches, Player Facilities and a Permanent stand for spectators. It also has office space which is the new home of Scottish Hockey. For the 2014 Games, there will be the erection of temporary stands to increase the capacity during the games. The facility is being used for domestic competition and will host the 2014 Women's Hockey Champions Challenge I before the Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36725148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725148" title="Make It">
Make It

"Make It" is a song on Aerosmith's self-titled debut album, "Aerosmith". The song was released as a promo single for the album but got little to no airplay. "Make It" opens the first side on the album and contains welcoming lyrics to the listener, "Good evening people, welcome to the show, got something here I want you all to know". The song begins with the protagonist welcoming people to a show and tells them he has something they should know, the info in question is to make it and not break it, which means to succeed in achieving your dreams and not letting anything stop you, much like Aerosmith in their early club days performing up to three shows a day trying to get a
record deal. The song was re-recorded for the 2007 video game "".
In Performance.
"Make It" was performed constantly throughout the seventies and rarely throughout the rest of their career. The first known play was on December 2, 1971 at the Academy of Music in New York City and the last known play was on November 26, 2003 at the Fleet Center in Boston 

</doc>
<doc id="36725158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725158" title="2012 Gomelsky Cup">
2012 Gomelsky Cup

The 2012 Gomelsky Cup was a European basketball competition that happened between September 29 and September 30 in Moscow. CSKA Moscow was the champion.

</doc>
<doc id="36725172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725172" title="New Life Lodge">
New Life Lodge

New Life Lodge is a substance abuse treatment center in Burns, Tennessee, owned and operated by the Bain Capital subsidiary CRC Health Group.
New Life Lodge was established in 1983 as a nonprofit operation. Its site had previously been a Girl Scout camp. CRC Health bought the facility in 2006 and expanded and renovated it at a reported cost of $10 million. Its 228-bed capacity made it the largest drug and alcohol rehabilitation facility in the state of Tennessee. 
Three patients at the facility died in the 15-month period from July 2010 to October 2011. In July 2011, following reports of patient deaths attributed to negligence, the Tennessee Department of Children's Services suspended new placements at New Life. In November, the Tennessee Department of Mental Health suspended the facility's authorization to admit patients. A subsequent review by the Department of Mental Health identified several aspects of the facility's operation that did not meet state standards. After changes were made at New Life, the Department of Mental Health ended the facility's suspension in March 2012 and it reopened the following month with a capacity of 70 adult patients. 

</doc>
<doc id="36725176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725176" title="Project Manager Mission Command">
Project Manager Mission Command

Project Manager Mission Command (or PM MC) develops, deploys and sustains integrated Mission Command software capabilities to the Army and Joint forces. PM MC’s support ensures tactical and other unit types are efficiently fielded, effectively trained and professionally supported. Product lines include the areas of maneuver, fires, sustainment, and infrastructure. 
Mission.
"To develop, deliver, and support networked Mission Command solutions to enhance Soldier effectiveness."
PM Mission Command Family.
Project Manager Mission Command is the PM of Choice to build, deliver, integrate, and sustain collaborative mission comman dsoftware and web-based capabilities for the Army and Joint forces, providing the commnader with enhanced situational awareness for better decision-making abilities on the battlefied. PM MC's product offices are Tactical Mission Command (TMC), Fire Support Command and Control (FSC2), Sustainment System Mission Command (S2MC), and Strategic Mission Command (SMC). 
Major Initiatives.
Common Operating Environment and the Command Post Computing Environment
PM MC is playing a pivotal role in creating the Command Post Computing Environment (CP CE), one of several environments within the Common Operating Environment (COE). 
The CP CE aims to simplify hardware and software infrastructures for Command Posts from Battalion to Corps and Army level to deliver integrated information, improve the user experience and gain significant efficiencies. CP CE consists of applications that ride on a common set of software and services, which ride on commercial hardware that communicates over a network. As with a smartphone’s operating system, the Common Services layer is the true power within CP CE. 
The CP CE will address the current challenges that Commanders face to "mentally fuse” the digital information displayed on multiple system viewers for the warfighting functions of fires, logistics, intelligence, airspace management and maneuver. The CP CE consolidates these separate capabilities and displays them on a common, geospatial digital map hosted on a single workstation.
With CP CE, the Army can develop and field web applications or “widgets" for use by tactical and operational commanders. Using any government-authorized laptop connected to the appropriate classified network, commanders and staff can log into the web-based framework and access software applications specific to their mission.
The CP CE will:

</doc>
<doc id="36725257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725257" title="Vũng Rô Bay">
Vũng Rô Bay

Vũng Rô Bay () is a small bay in Phú Yên Province, Vietnam. Vũng Rô is located in the commune ("xã") of Hòa Xuân Nam, Đông Hòa District, Phú Yên Province, located at the edge of Cả Pass mountains. The bay is the natural border of provinces of Phú Yên and Khánh Hòa.
Vung Ro covers an area of and is surrounded by Đèo Cả, Đá Bia and Hòn Bà mountains from the north, the east and the west respectively. There are some fine sand seasides by the bay. The bay is home to coral reefs.
During the Vietnam War, Vung Ro was the site of Vũng Rô Bay Incident.

</doc>
<doc id="36725258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725258" title="Werner Schaaphok">
Werner Schaaphok

Werner Schaaphok (born December 22, 1941 in Berlin, Germany) is a former German-Dutch footballer, who during his career played for Ajax, Blauw-Wit, AGOVV and the Chicago Mustangs.
Early life.
Schaaphok was born during the Second World War in Berlin to two German parents. His original last name was "Glanz". His parents divorced, and his mother remarried to a Dutchman whose last name was Schaaphok, and together they moved to Amsterdam. Werner took on the last name of his Stepfather while maintaining German nationality and citizenship.
Career.
AFC Ajax.
Werner Schaaphok made his debut in the starting XI for Ajax in 1959. He went on to play in 148 league matches for Ajax, making it into the "Club of 100" of the Amsterdam side. Sidelined by an injury for two weeks during the 1964-1965 Eredivisie season, Werner lost his starting position in the team under newly appointed coach Rinus Michels, to Frits Soetekouw. The teams performance improved under Rinus Michels, and Werner Schaaphok received no more playing time. The other defenders on the team did not get injured, and Schaaphok found himself as a reserve player on the bench.
Blauw-Wit, AGOVV, and Chicago Mustangs.
Schaaphok was subsequently loaned to Blauw-Wit, where his former coach Keith Spurgoen was the current manager. After playing one season with the Blauw-Wit side from Amsterdam, he moved to AGOVV on another loan basis for a season, where again his former manager Spurgoen had transferred to. After his second loan spell, he was sold to the Chicago Mustangs, for the amount of $22,500 (dollars) (then ƒ81.000 (guilders). He played for the Mustangs for one season, before his Wife got homesick, and he returned home to the Netherlands.
Back in the Netherlands, he tried to sign with local Amsterdam side AFC DWS, but the club was unable to come to terms with his former club the Chicago Mustangs, where he was still under contract. He then played a few matches at amateur level with VVA/Spartaan, but was banned from professional football for two years by FIFA in 1969 due to the breach of his contract. Which eventually led to his retirement.
International career.
Werner Schaaphok was called up to play for the Dutch national team, but was unable to play, since he had never obtained Dutch citizenship. His reason for not becoming a naturalized citizen in the Netherlands, was due to the impending National service, as Werner did not want to serve in the military.
Honours.
Club.
Ajax

</doc>
<doc id="36725262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725262" title="Sam Harrison">
Sam Harrison

Sam Harrison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36725264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725264" title="Leah Gibson">
Leah Gibson

Leah Diane Gibson (born January 3, 1985) is a Canadian film and television actress.
Early life.
Leah Gibson was born in Victoria, British Columbia. She began dancing at the age of four, which led to training and performance in vocational interests, such as ballet and many forms of jazz. In early years of dancing and singing, she discovered musical theatre. She transferred to a high school that specialized in fine arts, maintaining honor-roll grades and graduating at the top of her class. Gibson studied psychology at the University of Victoria, among the select few who were asked to study under the UVic honours program. She was simultaneously cast in her first professional theatre production, and withdrew from university. The touring company lost its funding within 2 months, and the show was canceled. Gibson consequently moved to Vancouver in pursuit of a career in film acting.
Career.
In 2007, Gibson began her acting career in television, appearing on "Psych", in the television film "Second Sight", and on the miniseries "Tin Man". She also played Penelope in ' (2008). Gibson's very first lead role in a feature film, namely Amy Singer in "The Devil's Ground" (2009), was booked within six months of signing an agent. That same year, she portrayed the supporting role of Silhouette's Girlfriend in Zack Snyder's "Watchmen", as well as a role in "Happy to Be Here" (2009). She continued her television career in "Stranger with My Face" (2009), and appeared as the character Hannah in two episodes of ' (2009). In 2010, Gibson played Nettie in "", and was also attached to the cast of "A Night for Dying Tigers". From 2010 to 2011, she starred in the two short films "The Metal Box" (2010) and "The Fence" (2011). In 2010, she also played a minor character in the TV movie called "Betwixt". Gibson portrayed the avatar Emmanuelle on "Caprica" (2010), which accredited three episodes. She then made a guest appearance as Palomino on "Supernatural" in the episode "Two Minutes to Midnight". In 2011, she was credited in "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" as playing Alyssa Williams. Subsequent television credits included "He Loves Me" (2011) and "Soldiers of the Apocalypse" (2011). She played supporting characters in "Kill for Me" (2013) as Natalie Ross, "Indie Jonesing" (2012) as Gina, and lead role in the short film "Leave Us Alone" (2012). In the course of five episodes, she has played Candi Lussier in a recurring role on "Arctic Air" (2012-2013). Gibson's work for the rest of 2012 consisted of episodes on "The True Heroines", and the pilot episode for "American Housewife".
Personal life.
Gibson has a twin sister named Erin.

</doc>
<doc id="36725275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725275" title="Roman Chatov">
Roman Chatov

Roman Gregory Chatov (1900–1987) was a Russian-born American artist, painter, designer, and illustrator.
Life.
Roman Chatov was born in Rostov-on-Don, Russia, to a theater impresario and his wife. He began drawing in his teenage years, including doing magazine illustrations at age 16 and being a military-correspondent painter near the end of World War I. Chatov was first trained in art in Russia and Paris, France.
He moved to New York with his family in 1922 due to the Bolshevik Revolution and Bolshevik victory in the Russian Civil War. Chatov later joined the Art Students League and the National Academy of Arts in order to improve his art training and skills. Chatov initially designed costumes and painted murals, including painting murals for the Ford and Palestinian Pavilions at the 1939 New York World's Fair under a commission from the New Deal Works Progress Administration. Among his most notable work was a set of murals for New York City's Russian Tea Room restaurant; these murals are now in the collection of a New York City museum. These successes led to his getting many painting commissions throughout the U.S. afterwards.
Chatov also designed costumes for Florenz Ziegfield. Dancer Isadora Duncan expressed her admiration for his costume designs, and he painted a silk scarf for her, the scarf that led to her death when it became entangled in the wheel of a moving car.
While in New York, Chatov met many of the most prominent artists and painters in the area, including Willem de Kooning, with whom he shared studio space. Under commission to MGM, Chatov and his brother Constantin painted portraits of famous Hollywood celebrities including Vivien Leigh and Clark Gable. Chatov married Geneva McCormack in 1942.
In his later years, he primarily painted portraits, and also opened an art studio in Atlanta with the help of his brother Constantin. Chatov received the Governor’s Award from the Georgia Council for the Arts and Humanities in 1983. He died in 1987 at the age of 86 or 87. His son Marc Chatov (born in 1953) continues in his father's footsteps today by working as an artist and an art instructor.

</doc>
<doc id="36725290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725290" title="Ceriantheopsis">
Ceriantheopsis

Ceriantheopsis is a genus of tube-dwelling anemones in the family Cerianthidae. Members of the genus are found only in the Atlantic Ocean. They are predators, scavengers and omnivores. 
Species.
Species in the genus include:

</doc>
<doc id="36725297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725297" title="Cookie Duster">
Cookie Duster

Cookie Duster is a Canadian indie rock band. 
History.
Originally formed in the late 1990s by Brendan Canning and Bernard Maiezza after the dissolution of their previous bands hHead and Change of Heart, the band released a self-titled album in 2001 with a lineup that included Evan Cranley, Danko Jones, Spookey Ruben and Ian Blurton, but subsequently went on hiatus as Canning's other project, Broken Social Scene, broke through to mass popularity. 
Following Broken Social Scene's announcement in 2011 that they were going on hiatus, Canning and Maiezza revived Cookie Duster, working with a new band lineup including vocalist Jeen O'Brien, guitarist Matt Murphy and drummer Damon Richardson (Danko Jones). The current lineup released the album "When Flying Was Easy" in June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36725305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725305" title="Blossomland Bridge">
Blossomland Bridge

The Blossomland Bridge is a bascule bridge in St. Joseph, Michigan, that carries M-63 across the St. Joseph River. Delayed by World War II, construction took place from 1947 though 1948. At the time, it was the longest bridge built by the Michigan State Highway Department. The bridge is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
Traffic congestion between St. Joseph and Benton Harbor prompted the state highway department to relocate U.S. Route 31, now M-63. The route included a moveable span that exacerbated the problem due to its frequent breakdowns. A new bridge was needed to span the St. Joseph River, which carried steamboat traffic, resulting in a bascule design. Plans were discussed in the early 1940s, but construction was delayed until after the end of World War II. Even though supply shortages continued after war's end, the Blossomland Bridge was one of the state's priorities.
The bridge was designed by consulting engineers Hazelet and Erdal of Chicago, a process thought to be completed by the end of 1946. Some financial aid was obtained by the highway department from the federal government. Construction bids were requested in December 1946, and when opened on January 9, 1947, W. J. Meagher and Sons of Bay City was awarded the role of general contractor at a bid of $747,497. American Bridge Company supplied and erected the bridge steel for $512,240. Construction was completed in 1948 at a total cost of over $1.3 million, and the bridge was pictured on the cover of "Michigan Roads and Construction" in November. It was dedicated on October 27, 1948, in honor of the mayor of St. Joseph, Waldo V. Tiscornia. Commissioner of the highway department Charles Ziegler served as guest of honor at the ribbon-cutting ceremony. At the time, it was the longest bridge built under the auspices of the highway department.
Rehabilitation work took place in 1966, including the replacement of the original railings, remnants of which are located along a staircase at one corner of the bridge.
The bridge was eligible for inclusion on the National Register of Historic Places under Criterion C for its rare type and connection to the engineering firm of Hazelet and Erdal. The bridge was listed on the register on December 17, 1999. Two other bridges in Berrien County, the Avery Road–Galien River Bridge and the North Watervliet Road–Paw Paw Lake Outlet Bridge, were added the same day.
Design and location.
The Blossomland Bridge is in northern downtown St. Joseph. The bridge has seven spans with a Scherzer rolling-lift bascule main span. The bascule span and the two flanking it are built of steel deck plate-girders, while the nothermmost and three southernmost spans are steel stringers. The main span is supported by machinery-containing concrete piers, while the approaches are supported by four-column concrete piers. The abutments and wing walls are also made of concrete.
At the bridge's southern corner is a staircase which leads down to the location of a former road and railroad tracks. The metal panel railings on these stairs are original and constituted the bridge's main railings before they were replaced. There is a bridge plate at southern corner and a memorial plate at the southeastern pedestrian refuge.

</doc>
<doc id="36725309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725309" title="2003 Northwestern Wildcats football team">
2003 Northwestern Wildcats football team

The 2003 Northwestern Wildcats football team represented Northwestern University during the 2003 NCAA Division I-A football season. They played their home games at Ryan Field and participated as members of the Big Ten Conference. They were coached by Randy Walker.

</doc>
<doc id="36725313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725313" title="List of Snooki &amp; Jwoww episodes">
List of Snooki &amp; Jwoww episodes

Snooki & Jwoww, sometimes rendered Snooki & JWoww or Snooki & JWOWW in print and online sources, is an American reality television series on MTV starring Nicole "Snooki" Polizzi and Jennifer "JWoww" Farley, a spinoff of "Jersey Shore". The first season featured Polizzi and Farley living together in a former firehouse in Jersey City, New Jersey, and premiered June 21, 2012. A second season was confirmed on August 3, 2012. The format expanded to one hour, and was filmed in Manchester, New Jersey. It premiered January 8, 2013. MTV confirmed a third season on April 25, 2013.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
List of episodes.
Season 3 (2013–14).
On April 25, 2013, MTV renewed the series for a third season. The season premiered on October 22, 2013, and lasted 13 episodes.
Season 4 (2014–15).
On April 24, 2014, MTV renewed "Snooki & JWoww" for a fourth season.

</doc>
<doc id="36725314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725314" title="Thank You My Love">
Thank You My Love

Thank You My Love () is Malaysian Mandopop singer Jess Lee's () first Mandarin studio album. It was released on 16 September 2011 by Warner Music Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="36725319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725319" title="Jim Power (economist)">
Jim Power (economist)

Jim Power is Chief Economist at Friends First, a subsidiary of insurance multinational Eureko. From Waterford, Ireland, he is married and has children.
Power attended University College Dublin (UCD). He has worked for the Bank of Ireland as its Chief Economist, and for Allied Irish Banks as its Treasury Economist. He teaches at Dublin City University and at UCD's Michael Smurfit Graduate Business School.
His weekly column features in the "Irish Examiner", and he is often to be seen commentating in Ireland's media, in newspapers, on radio and on television programmes such as "Tonight with Vincent Browne". He also edits Friends First's "Quarterly Economic Outlook".
In April 2007, Power appeared on "Prime Time" where he vehemently opposed UCD Professor of Economics Morgan Kelly's warning that Ireland was heading for economic disaster. Power repeatedly insisted that the Irish property bubble would become "more sustainable in the long term", that it would not burst, and that "the reality is that those things interest rates, employment shortage, a lot of foreign multinationals leaving the country are unlikely to happen". Within months it had.
Power later took to writing about the financial crisis. His first book, "Picking Up the Pieces", appeared in 2009. Dublin Central TD Paschal Donohoe said - "humane thought provoking book."

</doc>
<doc id="36725358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725358" title="Indacrinone">
Indacrinone

Indacrinone is a loop diuretic. It can be used in patients of gout with hypertension as an antihypertensive because it decreases reabsorption of uric acid, while other diuretics increase it.

</doc>
<doc id="36725404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725404" title="Seminole, West Virginia">
Seminole, West Virginia

Seminole, West Virginia may refer to the following places in West Virginia:

</doc>
<doc id="36725411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725411" title="Cláudio Marques">
Cláudio Marques

Edemir Cláudio Marques, commonly known as Cláudio or Cláudio Marques, (born 18 February 1950) is a retired football midfielder who won the Campeonato Paranaense seven times as a player with Coritiba Foot Ball Club. He is now a football manager and television commentator.
Career.
Born in Santos, São Paulo, Cláudio Marques playing professional football with Coritiba Foot Ball Club in 1969. He won the Campeonato Paranaense five consecutive times with Coritiba before joining Sport Club Corinthians Paulista for two seasons. He won the Campeonato Paulista with Corinthians and then returned to Coritiba where he won the Campeonato Paranense twice more. He also won the 1973 Torneio do Povo with Coritiba.
In 1979, Cláudio Marques moved to Mexico to play for Atlético Potosino.
After he retired from playing, Cláudio Marques became a football coach. He led Sinop Futebol Clube to two Campeonato Mato-Grossense titles in 1998 and 1999. He managed Rio Branco Sport Club in 2009, and was appointed manager of Fast Clube in June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36725423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725423" title="Sant'Antonin, Venice">
Sant'Antonin, Venice

Sant'Antonin is a church in the sestiere of Castello in Venice, Italy.
The church was initially founded by the patrician Badoer family in the seventh century. It was reconstructed in the 12th century, and again in 1680, under designs of Baldassare Longhena. The bell-tower was added in 1750. The chapel on the left, dedicated to St Saba, was frescoed by Alessandro Vittoria on the walls, and in the ceiling by Sebastiano Ricci with "Saints Saba and Antonin". The Chapel’s altarpiece by Lazzaro Bastiani depicts a "Deposition". It derives originally from the church of San Severo.
The Tiepolo family commissioned the decoration of another chapel, with works by Palma il Giovane depicting the life of San Saba. The chapel is said to contain her remains brought here from Acre by Lorenzo Tiepolo during the 13th century War of Saint Sabas. The chapel also has a bust of Alvise Tiepolo by Alessandro Vittoria.

</doc>
<doc id="36725425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725425" title="Dichter">
Dichter


</doc>
<doc id="36725432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725432" title="Burrowing anemone">
Burrowing anemone

The burrowing anemone, "Ceriantheopsis austroafricanus", is a species of tube-dwelling anemone in the family Cerianthidae.
Description.
The burrowing anemone grows up to 8 cm in diameter. It lives in a self-constructed wrinkled felt-like tube which may be buried quite deeply in the sand. Several rows of feeding tentacles emerge from the tube and may be salmon-coloured, brownish, creamy or purple. The outer tentacles are longer and used for food capture and defence. The inner tentacles are shorter and held more erect. These are used for food manipulation and ingestion.
Distribution.
It has so far been found in Table Bay and False Bay around the Cape Peninsula and Hermanus on the south coast of South Africa, and lives from the subtidal zone down to at least 25m under water.
Ecology.
This anemone is found in sandy and silty areas.

</doc>
<doc id="36725437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725437" title="Lee Eun-kyung">
Lee Eun-kyung

Lee Eun-Kyung may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36725458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725458" title="Seminole, Harrison County, West Virginia">
Seminole, Harrison County, West Virginia

Seminole is an unincorporated community in Harrison County, West Virginia, United States. Seminole is located along West Virginia Route 20 near the West Fork River, southwest of Shinnston.

</doc>
<doc id="36725468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725468" title="Niccolò Ardinghelli">
Niccolò Ardinghelli

Niccolò Ardinghelli (1502–1547) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
Niccolò Ardinghelli was born in Florence in 1502, the son of a noble family. As a young man, he studied Latin, Ancient Greek, and law.
He began his career as a secretary to Cardinal Alessandro Farnese, "iuniore". He was a canon of Florence Cathedral. In 1539, he became vicar of Marche. He became a datary in 1540. He was also a protonotary apostolic.
On July 13, 1541, he was elected Bishop of Fossombrone. He was despatched as nuncio to Francis I of France to encourage peace negotiations with Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor and promote support for holding an ecumenical council. He traveled in the accompany of Cardinal Farnese, who was papal legate to the Kingdom of France and the Kingdom of Spain.
Pope Paul III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of December 19, 1544. He received the red hat and the titular church of Sant'Apollinare alle Terme Neroniane-Alessandrine. In 1545, he became Prefect of the Apostolic Signatura. He resigned the government of the Diocese of Fossombrone on March 16, 1547.
He died in the Palazzo Baldassini on August 23, 1547. He was buried in Santa Maria sopra Minerva.

</doc>
<doc id="36725492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725492" title="Money room">
Money room

The money room, in New York City Transit Authority parlance, refers to a formerly secret location that handled processing for cash collected in the system and recycles tokens used throughout the Automated fare collection system.
The money room, and a cash carrying work train called the "money train" have been featured in several moving pictures. The old facility, located in downtown Brooklyn, has been decommissioned. This old facility had a direct connection to the subway system, allowing the money train to dock and drop off collected cash and pick up bags of tokens for distribution to token booths throughout the system. The Money Room is also where blank MetroCards are encoded on the High Throughput Encoding Machine.
The functions have moved to a "consolidated revenue facility" which is located in Maspeth, Queens. This new location serves all of the different constitutient transportation agencies, not just the subway system. It processes the cash received at bridges and tunnels facilities also. It is not subway accessible, so cash and MetroCards are today distributed via specialized armoured trucks.

</doc>
<doc id="36725501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725501" title="Shadowrun Online">
Shadowrun Online

Shadowrun Online is a role-playing and massively multiplayer online cyberpunk video game that Cliffhanger Productions is developing as part of Jordan Weisman's "Shadowrun" fictional universe. Following the success of the "Shadowrun Returns" Kickstarter campaign, Cliffhanger Productions initiated a similar campaign to crowdsource $500,000 in July 2012, and pledged to deliver a closed beta version of "Shadowrun Online" for contributors around May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36725510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725510" title="Cave Painting (band)">
Cave Painting (band)

Cave Painting are an alternative rock band from Brighton, UK, who formed in 2010 and are signed to Third Rock Recordings. They released the singles "So Calm", as well as their debut EP, "You'll Be Running Soon" in 2011, featuring "Midnight Love", "Rio" and two other songs. They also released a demo of their song "Leaf" as a free download on social network sites.
Their album "Votive Life" was released by Third Rock Recordings on 24 September 2012.
Band members include lead vocalist Adam Kane, keyboardist Sam Simon, guitarist Harry Smallwood, bassist Richard Snabel and drummer Jonathan McCawley.

</doc>
<doc id="36725515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725515" title="Ralph Loring">
Ralph Loring

Ralph Loring was an architect of Lewiston, Idaho.
A number of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Works include:
His father was Boston architect George F. Loring (d. February 1, 1918).

</doc>
<doc id="36725530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725530" title="Libertarian Party of the District of Columbia">
Libertarian Party of the District of Columbia

The Libertarian Party of the District of Columbia is a political party in the United States active in Washington, DC. It is the recognized affiliate of the national Libertarian Party.
The Libertarian Party of the District of Columbia is dedicated to the same ideas represented by the national Libertarian Party but also focuses on issues specific to DC such as "taxation without representation", home rule, and DC statehood.
History.
Due to the efforts of Bruce Majors, the Libertarian Party of the District of Columbia became a major party in 2012 after the November 2012 elections.
2014 Election cycle.
Seven Libertarians will appear on the April 2014 primary ballot in Washington, DC in 7 different races. Three Libertarian candidates are immigrants or have immigrant parents.
The 2014 candidates are:
In addition, Kyle Walker is running as a write-in candidate for Council Chair. William Hanff, Assistant Professor of Mass Media and Television Production at the University of the District of Columbia, is running as a write-in candidate in the general election for the Ward 5 City Council seat.

</doc>
<doc id="36725580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725580" title="List of highways numbered 494">
List of highways numbered 494

The following highways are numbered 494:

</doc>
<doc id="36725583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725583" title="Anwynn">
Anwynn

Anwynn is a Belgian melodic death metal band founded in 2007. It takes its name from the Otherworld in Welsh mythology. Currently, the band is signed to M&O Music and have released their first full-length album "Forbidden Songs" through the label on 23 April 2012. They have also released one demo, "Behind the Veil" and one EP, "Newydd Wawr".
History.
Formation (2007).
Before Anwynn, Wallace, Mathias and Fred were playing in a heavy metal band named Arawn. Arawn split up in December 2006 but Wallace, Mathias and Fred decided to continue the adventure together and founded Anwynn.
At first they wanted to remain a traditional heavy metal band, so they began looking for a male singer. But they quickly decided to give every candidate a chance and auditioned female singers as well. In February 2007, bassist Vincent "Wobi" Van Loo joined the band, shortly followed by mezzo-soprano female singer Amandine Blanquet in April 2007.
First gigs and "Behind the Veil" (2008-2009).
Anwynn began playing their first gig at VitamineZ in Wavre, where the band received the audience's prize; then at Angel's Rock I in Uccle, at the B52 in Ostende and at the Factory in Liège, among many others.
In 2008, Anwynn released their first demo, "Behind the Veil". The band then encountered some line-up changes: Mathias left the band and was replaced by Jeremy Laitem (Sekhmet), and Vladimir was hired to play the keyboards. Anwynn slowly began to evolve into a symphonic metal band.
"Newydd Wawr" and line-up changes (2010-2011).
The year 2010 was a real turnover for Anwynn, as four new members joined the band : Astrid Kaiserman on keyboards, Benoît Becker on rhythm guitar, Vincent "McBouc" Carton on vocals and Forster Perelsztejn on drums, replaced by Laurent Verheylewegen later on.
Anwynn began to write much more aggressive material and evolved into a melodic death metal band with symphonic elements. The band announced that "Newydd Wawr", their first EP, would be released in December 2010.
Anwynn then played at Power Prog and Metal Festival 2010 with headliners Scorpions in April and at Metal Female Voices Festival 2010 with Arch Enemy, Epica, The Agonist and many more.
At the beginning of 2011, Laurent and Benoît left the band due to musical differences.
"Forbidden Songs" (2011-present).
In July 2011, Julien "Jukka" Huyssens joined Anwynn on rhythm guitar. The band announced that they will be entering the studio in October to record their first album, "Forbidden Songs". The album was recorded, mixed and mastered at Manic Studio by Olivier Wittenberg (Manic Movement), who also played as a session drummer on the record.
It was released by the French label M&O Music on April 23, 2012 and received positive reviews from the critics.
Anwynn then started touring with new drummer Florent "Flush" Boudry to promote their album and played gigs with bands like Diabulus in Musica for their "The Wanderer Tour" along with Skeptical Minds and Izegrim. They played at various festivals in Belgium like DarkMoon Festival, RommelRock 2012 with Grave Digger, Sirenia and Cripper but were also invited to play in Flensburg, Germany by the Danish power metal band Seven Thorns.
The band announced that they will play at the 10th Anniversary Edition of Metal Female Voices Festival on October 20, 2012, with Lacuna Coil, Arch Enemy, Delain, Arkona and more.
Musical style and lyrical themes.
Musical style.
Anwynn mixes various musical genres, with songs often containing traditional death metal riffs, more heavy metal-influenced solos and massive orchestrations. The band also features two lead singers: McBouc for male death metal vocals and Amandine for classical female mezzo-soprano singing.
Influences.
Much of the band is influenced by various European and American metal acts, including Amon Amarth, Cannibal Corpse, Nightwish, Iron Maiden, Hatebreed, Machine Head, Dimmu Borgir, Arch Enemy, Leaves' Eyes, Tristania and many others.
Lyrics.
The band's lyrics consist of several different themes, mainly upon celtic mythology but also piracy in "Across the Seven Seas" or conquest of the New World in "Conquistador". Some of their songs refer to psychology, for example "Free" and "At the Gates of Madness"

</doc>
<doc id="36725596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725596" title="It Won't Be Long (disambiguation)">
It Won't Be Long (disambiguation)

"It Won't Be Long" is a 1963 song by The Beatles.
It Won't Be Long may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36725606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725606" title="List of highways numbered 487">
List of highways numbered 487

The following highways are numbered 487:

</doc>
<doc id="36725607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725607" title="David Dausey">
David Dausey

David J. Dausey is a scientist, epidemiologist and professor. He is the Dean of the School of Health Professions and Public Health and Chair and Professor of the Public Health Department at Mercyhurst University in Erie, Pennsylvania. He is also a Distinguished Service Professor of Health Policy and Management at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Prior to joining Mercyhurst, Dausey was the Senior Director of Health Programs and Initiatives at Heinz College and before that a Policy Researcher at the RAND Corporation where he remains as a consultant. Dausey is consulted as a public health expert on a wide variety of issues from health care reform to the use of toxic chemicals in consumer products to concerns about West Nile Virus both domestically and internationally.
Education and Training.
Dausey received his undergraduate degree in psychology from the College of Baccalaureate Studies at Mercyhurst University. He received his master degree in epidemiology and public health from the Yale School of Public Health and his doctoral degree in epidemiology and public health from the Yale Graduate School of Arts and Sciences. He completed post graduate training in higher education management and leadership at the Harvard Kennedy School and the Harvard Graduate School of Education.
Research.
Dausey has conducted health research in the United States. He has received research grants from foundations such as the Rockefeller Foundation, and the Benter Foundation, as well as grants and contracts from government agencies including the US Department of Health and Human Services and the Veterans Health Administration. Dausey's research on public health systems received international attention when it called into question the preparedness of public health agencies to respond to major emergencies. Dausey has used exercises to evaluate public health agencies and cooperations between public health agencies and their community partners. Dausey has conducted research on global disease surveillance and global cooperations for public health. Dausey and colleague Melinda Moore (RAND) were the first to coin the term "sub-regional disease surveillance networks" to describe the emerging trend of transnational disease surveillance and control organized and governed by member countries to address their shared priorities. Dausey has emphasized the need to develop models to sustain these cooperations over time. In addition, Dausey is an expert in planning for global public health emergencies such as pandemic influenza. He developed and conducted tabletop exercises in collaboration with the ministries of health of six countries in Southeast Asia. He later conducted similar exercises in East Africa and the Middle East.
Publications.
Dausey is the author of books, reports and peer-reviewed publications. His book, Tests to Evaluate Public Health Disease Reporting Systems, is a guide for US local public health agencies. He has published in a variety of US academic journals such as the American Journal of Public Health, the American Journal of Psychiatry, Psychiatric Services, and Health Affairs. His research has been profiled in by major media outlets such as USA Today, the Nation's Health and JAMA.
Selected works:
Academic career.
Dausey taught at Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) where he eventually became a professor and the Senior Director of Health Programs and Initiatives for Heinz College. Dausey grew and expanded the academic health programs at Carnegie Mellon University by creating partnerships with community organizations. He was recognized by Carnegie Mellon for his excellence in teaching. In 2011, Dausey left Carnegie Mellon to join Mercyhurst University to develop and lead a new academic program in public health and found the Mercyhurst Institute of Public Health. In this capacity he created the first Academic Health Department in the Northeast parterning Mercyhurst with the Erie County Department of Public Health. He also created the first formal collaboration between an American university and Teletón, the largest provider of rehabilitation services in Latin America.
Awards and Service.
Prior to his doctoral studies, Dausey was awarded a predoctoral fellowship at Roswell Park Cancer Institute. He was awarded a training grant from the National Institutes of Health that fully supported his doctoral studies at Yale University. Dausey was a trustee at the Jewish Healthcare Foundation. He was awarded the Martcia Wade Teaching Award at Carnegie Mellon University where he was recognized for teaching excellence in 2011. He serves on the Board of Directors of the Hospital Council of Western Pennsylvania. He was appointed a fellow of the American College of Epidemiology in 2012. He serves as an elected member of the Board of Directors of the Hospital Council of Western Pennsylvania.
Personal.
Dausey was born on June 13, 1975 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="36725609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725609" title="George F. Loring">
George F. Loring

George F. Loring (d. February 1, 1918) was a Boston, Massachusetts architect.
George partnered with Stanford Phipps in 1888 to form Loring & Phipps. They designed commercial, public, and residential buildings. A few of their works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
He was father of Ralph Loring, a notable architect of Idaho.
Works, primarily during 1892-1913 include (with attribution):

</doc>
<doc id="36725615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725615" title="Steve McNulty">
Steve McNulty

Stephen Michael "Steve" McNulty (born 26 September 1983) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Luton Town. He has achieved four promotions with three different clubs: captaining Barrow into the Conference Premier and Fleetwood Town into both the Conference Premier and League Two, and as part of the Luton Town side that won promotion to League Two in the 2013–14 season.
Career.
Early career.
Born in Liverpool, Merseyside, McNulty started his career at the Liverpool Academy when he was seven years old, eventually captaining the club's under-19 side, and stayed there until his release in 2003. He trained with Second Division side Blackpool during their pre-season training prior to the 2003–04 season, but failed to win a contract. He then joined Northern Premier League club Burscough for two seasons before moving up a division to the Conference North to play for Vauxhall Motors. He remained with the club for two further years and then joined divisional rivals Barrow at the beginning of the 2007–08 season on a free transfer.
Barrow.
McNulty was appointed as captain in his first season at Barrow as he led the club to promotion, via the play-offs, to the Conference Premier. His performances in defence led to him being named as Conference North Player of the Year, and he signed a two-year contract extension towards the end of the 2007–08 season after interest from Football League clubs. Barrow finished the next season in 20th place, just above the relegation zone. With a year left on his contract, McNulty opted against making the transition to a full-time contract as Barrow began to make the shift away from being a part-time team. Manager David Bayliss stated that the club had "a wage structure that can't break".
Fleetwood Town.
On 16 June 2009, McNulty dropped down a league to sign for Conference North club Fleetwood Town for a then-club record fee of £17,000. He was made club captain, leading the team to promotion into the Conference Premier via victory in the Conference North play-off final. Fleetwood were defeated in the play-off semi-finals during the next season, but bounced back in 2011–12 by winning promotion to The Football League for the first time in the club's history. They accumulated 103 points, with McNulty leading the club on a 29-game unbeaten run in the league.
He made his League Cup debut on 13 August 2012 against Nottingham Forest, and played in Fleetwood's first Football League game – a 0–0 draw with Torquay United – four days later. Long standing Fleetwood manager Micky Mellon left the club in December 2012 to be replaced by Graham Alexander. McNulty, injured at the time of the managerial change, remained sidelined as Fleetwood's defence kept five clean sheets in seven games. After discussions about McNulty's limited playing time, Alexander allowed him to leave the club; a move criticised by Fleetwood fans, but described as having the players' "best interests at heart".
Luton Town.
On 31 January 2013, McNulty joined Conference Premier side Luton Town on a free transfer, signing a contract until the end of the season with a conditional 12-month extension that was dependent on Luton achieving promotion. He made 20 appearances for the club in the 2012–13 season, scoring once, as they finished seventh and outside of the promotion positions. On 29 April 2013, McNulty agreed a two-year contract extension following performances that made him an "instant cult hero" with Luton fans.
He was named as the club's vice-captain for the 2013–14 season, and was part of a defence that kept a club-record 23 clean sheets in the league, ultimately leading to Luton winning the league and being promoted to League Two. McNulty's influence on Luton's successful season did not go unnoticed, as he won the Player of the Year award, Internet Player of the Year award, as well as the Goal of the Season award for his 30-yard volley against Southport on 26 November 2013.
Style of play.
McNulty has been described as a "commanding" centre-back who is noted for his aerial ability. As a graduate of the Liverpool Academy, which preaches technical development, he primarily passes the ball along the ground, often beginning his team's attacking movements as a result. Luton manager John Still has called McNulty "one of the best passers of the ball I've seen at Premier level". His other technical abilities, including first-touch, calmness on the ball and flair, have also been praised.
McNulty's leadership is also notable; he captained the Liverpool under-19 side, and won promotions while captaining both Barrow and Fleetwood Town. His Luton teammate Alex Lacey has stated that McNulty is "a real leader" with strong communication skills, while John Still credited him for improving the performances of the whole team.
Honours.
Barrow
Luton Town
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="36725618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725618" title="Shō Iku">
Shō Iku

Shō Iku was a Confucian scholar, and had dedicated his life to education. But during his reign, the financial crisis grew more and more serious. When a French ship arrived in Naha in 1844, Ryūkyū was forced to trade with France. It was the first contact with Western countries. Théodore-Augustin Forcade, a French priest sent by Paris Foreign Missions Society, came to Ryūkyū to spread the Christian Gospel. Bernard Jean Bettelheim, a British Protestant missionary, also arrived in Ryūkyū in 1846. Bettelheim established the first foreign hospital on the island at the Naminoue Gokoku-ji Temple. 
The king died in 1847, his second son Shō Tai succeeded him as the last king of the Ryūkyū Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="36725650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725650" title="List of highways numbered 482">
List of highways numbered 482

The following highways are numbered 482:

</doc>
<doc id="36725651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725651" title="Syahroni">
Syahroni

Syahroni (born in Tangerang, Indonesia, August 10, 1992) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Barito Putera in the Indonesia Super League as a Midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36725661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725661" title="List of highways numbered 483">
List of highways numbered 483

The following highways are numbered 483:

</doc>
<doc id="36725664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725664" title="Cherra Companyganj State Railways">
Cherra Companyganj State Railways

Cherra Companyganj State Railways (CCSR) was a narrow gauge mountain railway that existed in British India.
CCSR was in fact a narrow gauge tramway and the railway operated between Tharia, a mining town in Meghalaya and Companyganj, now in Sylhet District of Bangladesh, for a distance of . Seven gradients were worked by rope mechanisms. It was built at a cost of eight lakhs, which was incurred by erstwhile Provincial Government of Assam.
The Railway continued to run between Tharia and Companyganj till the Assam earthquake of 1897 in which the tracks were completely destroyed. The tracks were not repaired after that and the railway finally closed in 1900.
In fact the Cherra Companyganj State Railway was conceptualized by Hubert Kench, the British Executive Engineer of Khasi and Jaintia Hills Division. As there was need to connect Shillong, capital of province to Calcutta, then the capital of British India by rail. An extension of railway link up to Sylhet and Goalundo was in plan from where railway link to Calcutta already existed but after earthquake of 1897 all plans were shelved.

</doc>
<doc id="36725692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725692" title="Girolamo Recanati Capodiferro">
Girolamo Recanati Capodiferro

Girolamo Recanati Capodiferro (1502–1559) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
Girolamo Recanati Capodiferro was born in Rome on June 22, 1502, the son of Alfonso Recanati and Bernardina Capodiferro, Roman patricians.
At a young age, he was admitted to the court of Cardinal Alessandro Farnese, "seniore", the future Pope Paul III. Pope Clement VII appointed him to several positions in the Roman Curia and gave him several nunciatures. Pope Paul III made him nuncio to the Kingdom of Portugal in 1541, and later that same year to the Kingdom of France to announce the calling of the Council of Trent. He was a datary from 1541 to 1544. In 1541, he also served as treasurer of the Apostolic Camera. He was the cardinal who announced what measures the Papal States would take to defend itself against possible attack by the Ottoman Empire.
On February 6, 1542, he was elected Bishop of Nice. Before he took possession of the see, on July 30, 1544, he was transferred to the Diocese of Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne.
Upon the recommendation of Cardinal Jacopo Sadoleto, Pope Paul III made him a cardinal deacon in the consistory of December 19, 1544. He received the red hat and the deaconry of San Giorgio in Velabro on January 9, 1545.
On August 26, 1545, the pope appointed him papal legate in Romagna. He was on February 25, 1547 named legate to Francis I of France to request that French bishops be allowed to travel to Bologna, where the Council of Trent had been moved. He returned to France a second time that year to propose a marriage between a French princess and the pope's natural son; Francis I did not look favorably upon this request.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1549-50 that elected Pope Julius III. The new pope appointed him as legate in Romagna for a second time. He was a participant in the papal conclave of April 1555 that elected Pope Marcellus II; the papal conclave of May 1555 that elected Pope Paul IV; and the papal conclave of 1559 that elected Pope Pius IV.
He died during the 1559 papal conclave, on December 1, 1559. He was buried in Santa Maria della Pace.

</doc>
<doc id="36725696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725696" title="Glenn McLeay">
Glenn McLeay

Glenn McLeay (born 1968) is a cyclist from New Zealand.
At the 1990 Commonwealth Games at Auckland he won a gold medal in the 4000m team pursuit, and came 9th in the 10 mile track pursuit.
At the 1992 Summer Olympics at Barcelona he came 4th in the points race and 7th in the 4000m team pursuit.
At the 1994 Commonwealth Games he won a silver medal in the 10 mile race, came 4th in the 4000m team pursuit, and came 4th in the points race.
At the 1996 Summer Olympics at Atlanta he came 9th in the points race.

</doc>
<doc id="36725706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725706" title="Rainbow Coffee House">
Rainbow Coffee House

The Rainbow Coffee House was a famous coffee house located in London's Fleet Street.
It was opened by James Farr in 1657, becoming London's second coffee house.
The Rainbow provided a meeting place for freemasons and French refugee Huguenots who established an information centre there.
The Rainbow was also featured in the furor created by Titus Oates. He accused Sir Philip Lloyd of denying the existence of a popish plot there, finding witnesses from amongst the coffee drinkers to testify against him
In 1719 John Woodward wrote a satire "The Two Sosias: Or, the True Dr. Byfield at the Rainbow Coffee-House, to the Pretender in Jermyn-Street"
Notable people associated with the Rainbow Coffee House.
Many notable Huguenots were associated with the Rainbow Coffee House. However, there were also other German and English notable people.

</doc>
<doc id="36725722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725722" title="Ross Brown (rugby union)">
Ross Brown (rugby union)

Ross Handley Brown (8 September 1934 – 20 May 2014) was a New Zealand rugby union footballer. He played 16 test matches (25 total games), most frequently in the fly half back position, for New Zealand's national rugby team, the All Blacks, from 1955 until 1962.
Career.
Ross Brown, one of the finest backs produced by Taranaki where he was always affectionately known as "Pascoe," ended his long, illustrious career, both for his province and the All Blacks, as something of a paradox. Brown's career which embraced 207 first class games, and well in excess of 100 for Taranaki, came in two distinct stages.
In the first, between 1955 and 1962, either first five eighths or in the midfield at either centre or second five, he was a regular All Black selection. Yet then he was frequently criticised for being too much of a runner and not possessing a good enough kicking game.
In his second phase, from 1963 until he retired four or five years later, he was criticised, but this time, much to the bemusement of the genial Brown himself, he was constantly under attack for what was seen as excessive use of the boot.
This undoubtedly stemmed from the leading role he had as the captain and first five in the Taranaki side which held the Ranfurly Shield between 1963-65. Brown was a potent weapon for Taranaki with his suddenly found talent for dropped goals. He landed 10 alone in the 1964 season, including three in a shield defence against North Auckland.
That Brown should be regarded as primarily a kicker was ironic, particularly for the man himself. As a youngster he had always been a runner and even in his latter years would have loved to have been seen more as an attacker. Rather than being remembered as a marksman dropkicker Brown got more pleasure from the fact he scored 70-odd tries in his first class career and created many others.
In the mid 1960s Brown was regarded by his Taranaki coach and close friend, John Stewart, as being at the top of his game. Yet because he was now perceived as being only a kicker he found himself left out of All Black sides and being judged as not fitting the 15-man game being advocated by the then coach, Fred Allen.
Brown, however, had had the satisfaction of a rewarding career and a lengthy stint as an All Black, especially in the mid to late 1950s.
Brown had an excellent rugby pedigree, being the son of Handley, a three quarter in the famous 1924-25 Invincibles, and was the nephew of Henry, also an All Black three quarter on the 1935-36 tour of Britain.
From his first XV days as a boarder at Auckland's King's College (1st XV 1951-52, 1st XI captain and athletics champion) it was clear that Brown was an outstanding rugby talent and while still a teenager made his debut for Taranaki in 1953 and one year later played for the North in the annual interisland match.
Aged only 20, he received his first test cap as a centre against the Wallabies at Eden Park in 1955. He was in the midfield for the opening three tests against the 1956 Springboks but moved into fly half during the third test at Lancaster Park.
He immediately placed a precise cross kick which produced a try for left wing Ron Jarden and remained at fly half for the fourth test a fortnight later at Eden Park.
Even though in those years he was usually at centre for Taranaki, particularly during the 1957-59 shield reign, Brown was pretty much the All Blacks' first choice at fly half for the next two or three seasons. Unfortunately, for family reasons he was not available for the 1960 tour of South Africa.
But he regained his All Black place for the 1961 test series against France playing at second five. He made the tour of Australia a year later but then dropped out of national reckoning despite continuing to be a key player for Taranaki for many subsequent years.
In all Brown played 25 matches for the All Blacks including 16 tests, one regret from his international career being the fact he never went on one of the landmark major tours of his time to either South Africa or Britain and France. He toured only twice with the All Blacks, to Australia, in 1957 and 1962, but was also a member of the powerful New Zealand Under 23 team that toured Hong Kong and Japan in 1958.
His brother Don represented Taranaki 1954 and King Country 1957 whilst his son Andrew played for Manawatu 1985 and Taranaki 1986. Ross Brown died in New Plymouth on 20 May 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36725773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725773" title="Charles Maynard (Bahamian politician)">
Charles Maynard (Bahamian politician)

Charles T. Maynard (1970 – August 14, 2012) was a Bahamian politician. He was National Chairman of the Free National Movement political party (FNM). He was formally a member of Bahamian parliament, and a minister of youth, sports and culture. Maynard died of an apparent heart attack while campaigning for the FNM in 2012. He was 42.

</doc>
<doc id="36725781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725781" title="Georges II d'Amboise">
Georges II d'Amboise

Georges d'Amboise (1488–1550) was a French Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
A member of the House of Amboise, Georges d'Amboise was born in the Kingdom of France in 1488, one of the sixteen children of Jean d'Amboise, "signeur" of Bussy, and Catherine de Saint-Belin. He was the nephew of Cardinal Georges d'Amboise. Following Georges' mother's death, Jean d'Amboise became Bishop of Maillezais and Bishop of Langres.
He was educated by preceptors Philippe Decium and Jean de Silva. Early in his ecclesiastical career, he became canon and archdeacon of the cathedral chapter of Rouen Cathedral; he later served as the chapter's treasurer and archdeacon.
On August 8, 1511, he was elected Archbishop of Rouen. He was consecrated as a bishop in December 1513, and he received the pallium on March 9, 1514. He served as the king's almoner, and later prime minister under Louis XII of France.
Pope Paul III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of December 16, 1545. He was too ill to travel to Rome to receive the red hat, so it was sent to him on March 15, 1546; he received the titular church of Santa Susanna on September 7, 1546.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1549-50 that elected Pope Julius III. On February 28, 1550, he opted for the titular church of Santi Marcellino e Pietro al Laterano. Before his death, he briefly served as governor of Neustria.
He died at the Château de Vigny, near Paris, on August 25, 1550. He was buried in Rouen Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="36725784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725784" title="Forbidden Songs">
Forbidden Songs

Forbidden Songs is the first studio album by the Belgian melodic death metal band Anwynn. "Forbidden Songs" was released in April 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36725786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725786" title="Lee Ji-young">
Lee Ji-young

Lee Ji-young is a Korean feminine name consisting of the family name Lee and the given name Ji-young, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36725795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725795" title="List of dams and reservoirs in Idaho">
List of dams and reservoirs in Idaho

This is a list of dams and reservoirs in the U.S. state of Idaho.

</doc>
<doc id="36725846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725846" title="Bellingham Blazers (NORPAC)">
Bellingham Blazers (NORPAC)

The Bellingham Blazers are a Tier III junior ice hockey team currently playing in the Northern Pacific Hockey League. The Blazers are based in Bellingham, Washington and play home games at the Bellingham Sportsplex.
In their first two seasons in the league the Blazers captured the Cascade Cup, emblematic of the league playoff champions and earned a spot in the USA National Tier III Championships.
USA Hockey Tier III Jr NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIPS.
Round robin play in pool with top 4 teams advancing to semi-final.

</doc>
<doc id="36725852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725852" title="List of triathletes">
List of triathletes

This is a list of triathletes who are athletes notable for their achievements in the triathlon.

</doc>
<doc id="36725854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725854" title="Fabián E. Bustamante">
Fabián E. Bustamante

Fabián E. Bustamante is an Argentinian-American computer scientist specializing in distributed systems and computer networking. He is currently a professor of computer science at Northwestern University.
Career.
Fabián E. Bustamante was born and raised in Argentina. After completing his Licencitura at Universidad Nacional de la Patagonia San Juan Bosco, he earned a Ph.D. specializing in distributed systems from the Georgia Institute of Technology under Karsten Schwan.
He is best known for his work on peer-to-peer systems and content delivery networks (particularly Ono (P2P)) and for his tool for optimizing DNS performance . He has authored more than 50 papers in various areas of Computer Science. and released over 10 publicly available systems resulting from his research work.

</doc>
<doc id="36725861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725861" title="Iron Canyon Dam">
Iron Canyon Dam

Iron Canyon Dam (National ID # CA00417) is a dam in Shasta County, California.
The earthen rockfill dam was constructed in 1965 by the Pacific Gas and Electric Company for hydroelectric power, with a height of 214 feet and a length of 1038 feet at its crest. It impounds Iron Canyon Creek. The dam is owned and operated by PG&E. The downstream James Black Powerhouse, one of the largest in the company's system, produces 270 megawatts of power.
The reservoir the dam creates, Iron Canyon Reservoir, is surrounded by the Shasta-Trinity National Forest. It has a water surface of 510 acres, a shoreline of approximately 15 linear miles, and has a capacity of 24,300 acre-feet. Recreation includes fishing (for trout), hunting, camping and hiking. 

</doc>
<doc id="36725869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725869" title="Range Rover (L405)">
Range Rover (L405)

The Range Rover L405 is the fourth-generation of Range Rover to be manufactured by Land Rover. 
Range Rover (2012-).
Changes from the previous generation include the use of an all-aluminium monocoque body.
The vehicle was unveiled in 2012 Paris Motor Show.
Sales of Range Rover began in late 2012. Early models include a choice of two petrol (5.0-litre 375 PS LR-V8 and 510PS LR-V8 Supercharged) and two diesel (3.0-litre 258PS TDV6 and 4.4-litre 339PS SDV8) engines, all with an eight-speed automatic transmission.
Japan models went on sale in January 2013. Early models include 5.0 V8 Vogue (375PS), 5.0 V8 Supercharged Vogue (510PS), and Autobiography (510PS).
Range Rover Long-Wheelbase, Autobiography Black (2014-).
The Range Rover Long-Wheelbase Autobiography Black is a limited (100 units) version of the 2014 Range Rover Long-Wheelbase for the US market, with the first 25 units in Valloire White pearlescent body colour. Changes include front grille and side vents and badging in black enamel and chrome, signature rear lamps, a chrome accent finish to the tailgate and auxiliary vents to the front, new exclusive 7-spoke 21-inch with a high gloss polished finish, individualized front and rear seating package (bespoke seat cover design, front and rear leather seats with seat memory and climate control and massage function, adjustable 18-way front seat including upper seat articulation, two individual fully adjustable rear seats with lumbar massage and powered recline, new rear center console (electrically deployable tables covered in black leather with integrated USB charging sockets and cup holders, a chiller compartment, a ski hatch), 10.2-inche rear seat entertainment screens with navigation displays, a powered recliner calf rest at rear right seat), 10-colour configurable LED mood lighting (door handles and stowage compartments, along the lines of the veneered surfaces on the center console), leather-wrapped rear cargo trim, A-, B- and C-pillar trim, a perforated leather finish on the door insert, leather-wrapped seat backs, ski hatch, cargo trim and upper D-pillar; tread plates with an illuminated 'Autobiography Black' script, a brushed stainless steel tailgate trim, a choice of 3 interior colour schemes (Ebony/Lunar, Espresso/Tan, Dark Cherry/Ivory (with a unique dual-tone seat)).
The vehicles were unveiled at the 2013 Los Angeles Auto Show.
Deliveries of long-wheelbase Range Rover models were set to begin in late Q1 2014. Early models included Supercharged and Autobiography trim levels with either a three-across bench seat or individual rear seats with a center console.
Specifications.
The platform is an all-aluminium monocoque structure which is a first for a SUV, resulting in a reduction of compared to the outgoing model. The Range Rover has a new version of Terrain Response, dubbed "Terrain Response 2".
Powertrain.
The Range Rover (L405) is powered by two diesel engines and one petrol engine; 3.0 L V6 turbo diesel producing of power and of torque, 4.4 L V8 turbo diesel produces of power and of torque, a single 5.0 L V8 petrol engine unit has two versions, the naturally aspirated engine produces of power and of torque while supercharged version produces of power and of torque. A supercharged 3.0 L petrol V6 developing was added to the range in some export markets in 2013.
All engines are mated to an eight-speed automatic transmission. Gears can be selected from the Drive Select rotary shifter from the centre console or the driver can also manually select gears via the paddle shift controls on the steering wheel.
The car has permanent intelligent four-wheel drive with 50/50 torque split and a two-speed transfer case for high and low range options, helping to maintain traction and stability in challenging conditions on-road, off-road, or when towing.
Suspension.
The Range Rover has an electronic cross-linked air suspension (with variable ride height), with multiple suspension adjustment modes provided as standard, including access, normal on-road, off-road and extended height. The car has an automated load leveling mechanism.
Adaptive dynamics continuously analyse vehicle movements over 500 times per second, reacting instantaneously to road conditions and driver actions. Infinitely variable dampers adjust to maintain a composed and balanced ride. The dynamic response system independently adjusts and monitors front and rear suspension units, reducing the amount of body roll during cornering, as well as enhancing control and stability at higher speeds.
Terrain Response.
The Range Rover’s all-terrain capability features a new second generation Terrain Response system. The system monitors ground conditions to determine the most appropriate response to the terrain and automatically optimises vehicle settings for an enhanced and assured experience for almost all driving conditions. The system provides settings for grass, gravel, snow, mud, sand, and rock crawl, Terrain Response technology instantly reconfigures transmission, suspension, and traction settings for maximum drivability in almost all conditions. Controlled Acceleration Control prevents excessive speeds downhill, and Hill Start Assist prevents the vehicle from inadvertently rolling backwards.
Safety.
The Range Rover (L405) has driver and passenger airbags (side, seat-front, thorax and pelvis), plus airbags to protect rear-seat passengers.
Other safety aids include cornering brake control, which helps to maintain stability when cornering by adjusting the driver’s generated brake pressure, along with dynamic stability control to maintain control by reducing engine torque and applying braking to the appropriate wheel and correcting understeer or oversteer.
External links.
Press kit:

</doc>
<doc id="36725892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725892" title="C. angolensis">
C. angolensis

C. angolensis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36725894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725894" title="Angolensis">
Angolensis

Angolensis, a Latin adjective meaning "from Angola", may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36725907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725907" title="ArgoFilms">
ArgoFilms

ArgoFilms is a production company specializing in documentary filmmaking. Established in 1990, ArgoFilms has received six Emmy Awards, a duPont Columbia Award for Journalism, three Genesis Awards, and over one hundred other awards internationally.
Allison Argo, who serves as producer, director, writer, editor, and narrator for ArgoFilms, began the company with the goal of "lending a voice to those who cannot speak for themselves." The company focusing especially on endangered species and captive animal issues. 
"Frogs: The Thin Green Line", "Chimpanzees: An Unnatural History", and "Crash: A Tale of Two Species" are acclaimed documentaries produced in collaboration with "National Geographic" and PBS. In total, ArgoFilms has created fourteen films for National Geographic and PBS. 
Currently in pre-production at ArgoFilms is "The Story of Dao"., the company’s first feature film. With the screenplay completed, principal photography in Southeast Asia is scheduled for early 2013.
History.
In the early 1990s, Allison Argo encountered a captive gorilla named Ivan living inside a shopping mall in Tacoma, Washington. For over two decades, Ivan had lived in a concrete enclosure without exposure to natural light or other gorillas. Prompted by this encounter, Argo left her career as an actress to produce films that would improve the lives of animals like Ivan.
"The Urban Gorilla", directly inspired by Ivan’s condition, took three years for ArgoFilms to complete as their first production. The team included Allison Argo as writer, director, and producer; Argo’s then-husband, Director of Photography Robert E. Collins, as principal cinematographer; and Glenn Close as narrator. The film, broadcast by National Geographic, was nominated for two national Emmys, and received a 1992 Alfred I. duPont–Columbia University Award.
After the success of "The Urban Gorilla", National Geographic approached Argo to discuss further collaboration. This led to ArgoFilms’ second documentary, "Keepers of the Wild", for which Argo won a 1992 National Emmy for Directing. Filming for "Keepers of the Wild" spanned Kenya, Belize, Canada, and the US, starting ArgoFilms’ international travel. Argo wrote, directed, and produced the film, with Glenn Close once again performing as narrator. Starting with ArgoFilms’ third documentary, The Last Frog (1996), Allison Argo began narrating for ArgoFilms. Following this documentary, the production company became officially incorporated.
Productions.
Since 1990, ArgoFilms has produced 14 documentaries, as well as shorter films to support wildlife and conservation causes. The company frequently collaborates with National Geographic Television, PBS, and Thirteen/WNET. Six of ArgoFilms’ documentaries were produced for the PBS Nature series.
ArgoFilms is in pre-production for "The Story of Dao", the company’s first full-length feature film. The film is based on the life of an elephant named Pang Dao, whom Argo first encountered during the filming of "The Urban Elephant" for PBS Nature and National Geographic. 
"The Story of Dao" began pre-production in 2011. The film’s six-week scout in Southeast Asia was funded by a Kickstarter campaign, which received over $25,000 from over 200 backers.
Filming for "The Story of Dao" is expected to begin in 2013, and the production is projected to be released in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36725925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725925" title="Nanjing Union Theological Seminary">
Nanjing Union Theological Seminary

The Jinling Union Theological Seminary is a theological seminary that belongs to China's post-denominational Protestant church, China Christian Council. It has its beginnings in a bible school established in 1911, and, in 1952, was formed as the theological seminary under the influence of the Three-Self Patriotic Movement. The seminary was guided by Y.T. Wu at that time and its president has long been Bishop K.H. Ting. 

</doc>
<doc id="36725932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725932" title="C. mollis">
C. mollis

C. mollis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36725941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725941" title="Girolamo Verallo">
Girolamo Verallo

Girolamo Verallo (1497–1555) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
Girolamo Verallo was born in Cori, Lazio in 1497, the son of Girolamo Veralli, a Roman physician, and Giulia Jacovazzi. He was the nephew of Cardinal Domenico Giacobazzi.
After studying law, he traveled to Rome and became a referendary of the Apostolic Signatura. On November 26, 1534, he became an auditor of the Roman Rota. He also became an auditor of the Apostolic Palace. With Latino Giovenale Manetti, he was sent as part of a diplomatic mission in 1535 to Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor and Francis I of France concerning ownership of the Camerino following the death of Giovanni Maria Varano, the last Duke of Camerino. From 1537 to February 1540, he was nuncio to the Republic of Venice. He was a protector of Ignatius of Loyola and the first Jesuits.
On August 20, 1540, he was elected Bishop of Bertinoro. On June 17, 1541, he was named nuncio to Ferdinand, King of the Romans, holding this position until 1545. On November 14, 1541, he was transferred to the see of Caserta. In August 1542, he traveled to Nuremberg with Otto Truchsess von Waldburg to present the Imperial Diet with the papal bull "Initio nostri huius pontificatus" (issued May 22, 1542) calling the Council of Trent, set to begin on November 1, 1542, and to attempt to convince German and Hungarian bishops to attend the council. He was promoted to the metropolitan see of Rossano on November 14, 1544. He was nuncio in Austria from February 1545 to 1547.
Pope Paul III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of April 8, 1549. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Martino ai Monti on May 10, 1549. On November 9, 1549, he was transferred to the see of Capaccio.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1549-50 that elected Pope Julius III. He resigned the see of Rossano and Capaccio in favor of his brother, Paolo Emilio Verallo, in 1551. The new pope made him legate "a latere" to Henry II of France on September 9, 1551 to negotiate an end to the War of Parma between French troops and the Duchy of Parma. During this mission, he was accompanied by his relative Giambattista Castagna, future Pope Urban VII, who served as a datary. On September 18, 1551, Pope Julius III gave him the Palace of Sant'Apollinare alle Terme Neroniane-Alessandrine (though not the church property) "ad vitam". From 1552 to 1553, he was Prefect of the Apostolic Signatura and a member of the Roman Inquisition. He opted for the titular church of San Marcello al Corso on November 29, 1553.
He was a participant in both the papal conclave of April 1555 that elected Pope Marcellus II and the papal conclave of May 1555 that elected Pope Paul IV.
He died in Rome on October 10, 1555. He was buried in the Basilica di Sant'Agostino.

</doc>
<doc id="36725948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725948" title="Cambodia National Rescue Party">
Cambodia National Rescue Party

The Cambodia National Rescue Party, or CNRP, (, , literally: "Party of Rescuing the Nation") is a Cambodian electoral alliance between the two main opposition parties, the Sam Rainsy Party and the Human Rights Party founded in mid-2012 to run together in the 2013 Cambodian general election.
The Cambodia Democratic Movement of National Rescue, the transitional body ahead of the merger, has established working groups to unite the two groups and is in the process of creating a joint national platform and common party policies. The logo for the CNRP is the rising sun.
The party believes in the strengthening of freedom and human rights, institution of free and fair elections, and defending Cambodia's "national integrity". Its official motto is "rescue, serve, protect" ().
Foundation (2012–present).
Muth Chantha, secretary-general of the Nationalist Party, officially announce Monday April 7, 2014, that his party will merge with the CNRP. 
2013 General election.
Preliminary results show the CNRP winning 45% or 55 seats out of 123 National Assembly seats. The CNRP now has a majority in Phnom Penh, Prey Veng, Kampong Cham, and Kandal Province.
Post-Election Protests.
Despite gaining 55 seats out of 123, the CNRP did not accept the results of the election, announced by the National Election Committee. Because of this, they scheduled protests, one after another, demanding there be a national committee to solve the irregularities that occurred during the election in July. As of December 2013, the CNRP decided to protest daily; demanding a re-election and Prime Minister Hun Sen to step down from his post. Hun Sen, however, said in a public statement that he will not retire from his position nor will there be a re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="36725957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725957" title="Otta Nanayam">
Otta Nanayam

Otta Nanayam is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2005. Starring Dinu Dennis & Priyamani in lead roles.
Story.
The film tells the story of Aravindan (Dinu Dennis), a poor person from lower-middle-class family who was forced to join a colony of beggars so he could make some money for the liver operation of his ailing mother. This is where he meets Chippy (Priyamani), who lives the life of a beggar with poor children. The film shows the organized begging racket in cities, exploitation by anti-social elements and sad life of the people who are initially forced into this profession and do not get a chance for a better life.
Cast.
Dinu Dennis, the son of writer Kaloor Dennis is the hero.

</doc>
<doc id="36725963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725963" title="Piano Quartet No. 2 (Brahms)">
Piano Quartet No. 2 (Brahms)

Piano Quartet in A major, Op. 26, by Johannes Brahms is scored for piano, violin, viola and cello. It was completed in 1861 and received its premiere in November 1863 by the Hellmesberger Quartet with the composer playing the piano part. It has been especially noted for drawing influence from composer Franz Schubert. Lasting approximately 50 minutes, this quartet is the longest of Brahms's chamber works to perform.
Musical description.
The quartet is in four movements:
First Movement.
The first movement is in sonata form.
Second Movement.
The second movement is a slow movement rondo.
Third Movement.
The third movement is a scherzo and trio in compound ternary form, where both the scherzo and the trio are in sonata form.
Fourth Movement.
The fourth movement is a sonata form movement.

</doc>
<doc id="36725985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725985" title="2012–13 Goa Professional League season">
2012–13 Goa Professional League season

The 2012–13 Goa Professional League (also known as the Kingfisher Goa Pro League for sponsorship reasons) was the 15th season of top-tier football in the Indian state of Goa. It began on 1 September 2012. Dempo were the defending champions.
Championship League.
Goalscorers.
3 goals:
2 goals:
1 goal:
Relegation League.
Goalscorers.
2 goals:
1 goal:

</doc>
<doc id="36725989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36725989" title="Fisher Caldera">
Fisher Caldera

Fisher Caldera, also known as Mount Fisher and Fisher Volcano, is a large volcanic caldera, measuring about by , located on Unimak Island in the Aleutian Islands of Alaska. Formed by the destructive eruption of an andesitic stratovolcano about 9,100 years ago, it contains three crater lakes, one wide and two others about wide. Small peaks rising and are also present in the caldera. Fisher Caldera is located just from the Mount Westdahl volcano.

</doc>
<doc id="36726014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726014" title="Occupational Health and Safety Regulation of British Columbia">
Occupational Health and Safety Regulation of British Columbia

The Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) Regulation of British Columbia came into effect on April 15, 1998, and the most recent amendments came into effect on February 2, 2012. 
WorkSafeBC is responsible for enforcing workplace health and safety compliance as outlined by the OHS Regulation. Most workplaces in BC come under the jurisdiction of WorkSafeBC with the exception of mines, which are regulated by the BC Ministry of Mines, and federally regulated workplaces (e.g. banks, transportation travelling out of province, radio, television, and cable services), which are regulated by HRSDC. The requirements set out under the OHS Regulation are adopted under the authority of the Workers Compensation Act (WCA)
Purpose.
The purpose of the OHS Regulation is to encourage occupational health and safety and protect workers and individuals present at workplaces in British Columbia from work-related risks to health, safety, and well-being. Meeting the requirements set out in the OHS Regulation provides a means for employers and workers to cooperate and solve problems related to health and safety.
Organization.
In total, the OHS Regulation contains 32 parts.
Parts 1-4: Core Requirements.
These requirements apply to all workplaces in British Columbia.
Part 1 – Definitions.
Part 1 contains definitions of key phrases and words used throughout the OHS Regulation. For example, Part 1.1 defines "hazard" as a thing or a condition that may expose a person to a risk of injury or occupational disease.
Part 2 – Application.
This part provides an explanation on how the OHS Regulation applies to workplaces. Part. 2.1 outlines that the OHS Regulation applies to all employers, workers, and other individuals contributing to the production of any industry that falls under Part 3 of the Worker's Compensation Act. Additionally, Part 2.2 sets out the general duty for all work to be conducted without undue risk of work-related injury or disease regardless of whether specific requirements exist. Part 2.8 describes that contravention of the OHS Regulation is considered a violation by the employer and will make the employer liable for any penalty.
Part 3 – Rights and Responsibilities.
Part 3 details the rights and responsibilities of employees and employers. Examples employer responsibilities outlined by the OHS Regulation include workplace inspections, providing occupational health and safety programs when required, and providing orientation and training to young or new workers. Employee rights include the ability to refuse unsafe work.
Part 4 – General Conditions.
This part sets out generic requirements for workplace safety. Part 4 covers a variety of topics, ranging from emergency procedures to violence in the workplace. Additional topics include workplace conduct, storing and handling materials, and appropriate illumination levels.
Parts 5-19: General Hazard Requirements.
Parts 5-19 deal with hazards found generally in a variety of workplaces and especially high-hazard workplaces. For example, the requirements outline the safe use of chemicals and machinery.
Parts 20-32: Industry/Activity Specific Requirements.
Parts 20-32 sets out the requirements that apply to certain industries or activities such as forestry and agriculture.
Associated Guidelines.
The OHS Regulation has associated guidelines in order to assist with compliance. The guidelines provide ways to comply with the requirements set out by the OHS Regulation. Guidelines are updated regularly.
References.
1.
Definitions
2.
Application
3.
Adoption of standard
4.
Restrictions re sprayed material, insulation, sealants
5.
Information for workers
6.
Demolition
8.
Ongoing asbestos management in buildings
9.
Responsibility of employer other than owner
10.
Owner’s responsibilities before requesting tender or arranging work
11.
Advance notice re Type 3 operations and certain Type 2 operations
12.
Type 1, Type 2 and Type 3 operations
13.
Respirators
14.
Measures and procedures, Type 1 operations
15.
Measures and procedures, Type 2 and Type 3 operations
16.
Additional measures and procedures, Type 2 operations
17.
Additional measures and procedures, glove bag operations
18.
Additional measures and procedures, Type 3 operations
19.
Instruction and training
20.
Asbestos abatement training programs
21.
Asbestos work report
22.
Asbestos Workers Register
23.
Use of equivalent measure or procedure
24.
Notice to inspector
Table 1
Bulk material samples
Table 2
Respirators
Table 3
Air samples

</doc>
<doc id="36726033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726033" title="Haitai Nanafa">
Haitai Nanafa


</doc>
<doc id="36726034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726034" title="Texas Interurban Railway">
Texas Interurban Railway

The Texas Interurban Railway was an electric interurban railroad that operated from Dallas, Texas, to Terrell and Denton from 1923 to 1932. The Missouri–Kansas–Texas Railroad (Katy) line was electrified between Dallas and Denton and services were withdrawn after the Dallas Union Trust Company foreclosed.
__NOTOC__
Services.
As part of the contract that created Dallas Power and Light, which first provided electric power in Dallas, the parent company, General Electric, was required to build two interurban systems from Dallas, guaranteed by a bond of $550,000. The line from Dallas to Terrell opened on January 14, 1923.
An interurban service from Dallas to Denton had been proposed in 1906, but it was 1923 before the company Strickland, Calder and Hobson, who were to be become the Texas Interurban Railway Company, began work on the Missouri–Kansas–Texas Railroad (Katy) branch between Dallas and Denton. After a legal battle with landowners in Dallas, the inaurgural trip was made on September 30, 1924. A public service started the next day, costing $1.25 for a one-way ticket and $2.40 for a return. The line had 25 stops, with city termini on branches off the Katy line; in Denton the brick terminal was built at the corner of Ash (Austin) and McKinney streets. The line was electrified using a catenary with power supplied from three substations. Six passenger cars and one express car provided an hourly service from Denton from 5 am and 6 pm. The average speed was and cars reached a top speed of .
The bus service between Dallas and Denton began offering lower fares from 1925, and though the line to Terrell was profitable, the Denton line was never financially successful. The rail service was withdrawn on March 13, 1932, after the Dallas Union Trust Company foreclosed on the Texas Interurban Railway. The property was auctioned off, the cars transferred to the Dallas Railway and Terminal Company and some were later used as trolleys in Dallas until 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="36726039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726039" title="Kogga Devanna Kamath">
Kogga Devanna Kamath

Kogga Devanna Kamath (27 November 1921 - 27 August 2003) was an artist who specialised in Yakshagana Puppetry.
Early life and education.
Kogga Devanna Kamath was born on 27 November 1921
He learned the art of puppetry from his father, Devanna Kamath (1888–1971), who was the only puppetry artist of the area and had received the President Award for puppetry in 1966. Kogga Kamath had determined to give up the art due to lack of patronage but was encouraged to continue by Kamaladevi Chattopadhyay and K. Sanjeeva Prabhu. His family members supported his effort and he received further encouragement from Shivarama Karanth, a writer, art promoter and researcher in Yakshagana.
He died on 27 August 2003. in Uppinakudru, an island village located in Kundapura taluk, Udupi District, Karnataka, India.
Contributions.
Kamath contributed to development and performance of puppetry art which is based on Yakshagana songs, dance and style and has given hundreds of performances in India and abroad, including in France, Belgium, Holland, Australia, Greece, and Pakistan.
Puppetry performance.
The puppets are made of light wood and of 18 inches height and dressed similar to Yakshagana artists and made to move and dance like Yakshagana artists, with song and background music. The performance by Kamath is colourful and very similar to "badaguthittu" Yakshagana bayalata, the popular whole night performance art prevailing in Coastal areas of Karnataka. These puppet shows are based on mythical stories and on stories from Ramayana and Mahabharatha. There is also another puppetry troupe in Kasargod giving Yakshagana shows in "thenkuthittu" style.
Continuation of art.
Bhaskara Devanna Kamath, son of Kogga Devanna Kamath, learned the art from his father and regularly gives performances. He is the convener of Sri Ganesha Yakshagana Gombeyata Mandali, a troupe which is dedicated to giving performances of Yakshagana puppetry. This troupe continues to give performances in India and in several countries like UK etc. He has also developed, as an innovation: puppets to perform trail yoga and called it "Yoga in Puppets". He has also given shows with Konkani and Hindi interpretations for the benefit of different audiences. Bhaskar Kogga Kamath conducts puppetry classes also for Indian and foreign students.

</doc>
<doc id="36726044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726044" title="Governorates of the Gaza Strip">
Governorates of the Gaza Strip

Governorates of the Gaza Strip are 5 administrative districts, ruled since 2007 by the Hamas Government in Gaza. After the signing of the Oslo Accords in 1993, the Palestinian territories of the West Bank and Gaza Strip were divided into three areas (Area A, Area B, and Area C) and 16 governorates under the jurisdiction of the Palestinian National Authority. In 2005, Israel withdrew from the Gaza Strip, enlarging the administered Palestinian territories in that region. In 2007, following the War of Brothers in the Gaza Strip between Fatach and Hamas, the later took over the area and expelled all Palestinian Authority officials, affiliated with Fatach.

</doc>
<doc id="36726054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726054" title="Jugel">
Jugel

Jugel is a municipality in the borough of Johanngeorgenstadt in the German district of Erzgebirgskreis. This dispersed settlement is surrounded by woods, is divided into Ober- and Unterjugel ("Upper and Lower Jugel") and runs along the German-Czech border from the "Lehmergrund" (708 m) to the crest of the Western Ore Mountains (873 m). In the vicinity lies the 980 metre-high Scheffelsberg. Jugel is a tourist destination for hikers and winter sportsmen.
The village may be reached by railway on the Zwickau–Aue–Schwarzenberg–Johanngeorgenstadt line and by car along "Staatsstraße" 272 which runs from Schwarzenberg via Johanngeorgenstadt to Wildenthal.
History.
The founding of the village goes back to the days of the mining industry in the 16th century. In 1561, the phrase "an der Gugell" appears in the records. In 1571, Sebastian Preißler built a glassworks with eight houses in what later became Oberjugel, where sheet glass, glasses and beakers were manufactured for the electoral Saxon court in Dresden. This glassworks closed in the early 18th century. 
Today the territory of Oberjugel incorporates the houses of Henneberg, including a popular pub not far from the Kleiner Kranichsee (928 m), and a raised bog ("Hochmoor"), which is protected as a nature reserve.
In Unterjugel, a timber mill ("Brettmühle") and a paint mill, belonging to Johann Gabriel Lobel a grandson of Preißler, were operated using the hydropower of the Pechhöfer Bach stream for the manufacture of cobalt blue paint. Löbel's mill, the Unterjugel Blue Colour Works ("Blaufarbenwerk Unterjugel"), to which six houses for the paint workers belonged, passed in 1668 into the possession of the Elector of Saxony and, in 1677, merged with the Oberschlema Blue Colour Works ("Blaufarbenwerk Oberschlema"). Today, a pub, "Gasthof Farbmühle" ("The Paintmill"), stands on what is believed to be the site of the former paint mill.
In 1935 Jugel was incorporated into Johanngeorgenstadt together with Wittigsthal.
Tourism.
There is a border crossing at the "Farbenleithe" which may be used in winter by ski tourists in order to reach the Skimagistrale Erzgebirge/Krušné hory heading towards Horní Blatná or Jelení. In addition to the "Wanderheim" and the "Erbgericht" there are several other private landlords offering accommodation.

</doc>
<doc id="36726069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726069" title="Filiberto Ferrero">
Filiberto Ferrero

Filiberto Ferrero (1500–1549) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
Filiberto Ferrero was born in Biella in 1500, the son of Goffredo Ferrero, marquis of Bordolano, and his second wife Margherita Sanseverino, marqchioness of Bordolano. He was the nephew of Cardinals Gianstefano Ferrero and Bonifacio Ferrero. His younger brother, Pier Francesco Ferrero, also later became a cardinal, as did his nephew, Guido Luca Ferrero.
On May 17, 1518, he was elected Bishop of Ivrea, serving as administrator until he reached the canonical age of 27. He occupied the see until his death. From 1528, he served as the almoner of Francis I of France. In 1530, he served as the ambassador of Charles III, Duke of Savoy to the Republic of Venice. On November 12, 1532, Pope Clement VII named him nuncio to the Duke of Savoy. He was consecrated as a bishop in Rome by his uncle Cardinal Bonifacio Ferrero on December 28, 1533. From April 26, 1537 until March 11, 1541, he was nuncio to Francis I of France.
Pope Paul III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of April 8, 1549. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Vitale on May 10, 1549.
He died in Rome on August 14, 1549. He was buried in the family's tomb in Biella.

</doc>
<doc id="36726072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726072" title="Blue Gum Swamp">
Blue Gum Swamp

The Blue Gum Swamp is situated in the Blue Mountains, at Winmalee west of Sydney, southeastern Australia.
Sometimes it is called the "Blue Gum Forest", however, this may cause confusion with the more famous Blue Gum Forest further west in the Grose Valley of the Blue Mountains.
Natural history.
In the ancient past, the valley floor was blocked. This caused a residual alluvial deposit, which resulted in relatively deep and fertile soils. The tall Mountain Blue Gum ("Eucalyptus deanei") trees in the gully may reach in height. On the ridges the dry stunted vegetation is typical of much of the sandstone based areas near Sydney.
The area is well regarded by bird watchers. Noteworthy species here include the Powerful Owl, Lyrebird, Sooty Owl, and the tiny Weebill.
Mammal species are mostly nocturnal and not often seen. However, they include the Yellow-bellied Glider, Sugar Glider and microbats.

</doc>
<doc id="36726077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726077" title="Sunken Condos">
Sunken Condos

Sunken Condos is the fourth solo album from Steely Dan co-founder Donald Fagen, released in October 2012 through Reprise Records. It contains eight new songs and a cover of Isaac Hayes' "Out of the Ghetto". Fagen began recording the album in 2010 and described it has having a lighter feel than his earlier work, rather than being a continuation of his "Nightfly" trilogy.
On September 17, Rolling Stone posted a full-length preview of the song "I'm Not the Same Without You". The song charted at number 28 on the "Billboard" Japan Hot 100 in October 2012. It also entered the official UK album chart at number 23 on October 21 and number 12 on the "Billboard" 200, becoming his highest charting solo album since 1993.
Critical response.
The album was listed at #25 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the top 50 albums of 2012. The magazine stated that "the music is deceitfully lush, a snazzy cascade of rock, R&B and swing, with production as costly as a Santa Monica beach house." They also named the song "Weather in My Head" the 21st best song of 2012.
Fagen appeared on Late Show with David Letterman and performed "Weather in My Head" to promote the album.

</doc>
<doc id="36726082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726082" title="Aramac Station">
Aramac Station

Aramac Station was a pastoral lease that has operated both as a cattle station and a sheep station. It is located about south east of Muttaburra and north west of Alpha near the town of Aramac in Queensland.
The district was first explored by William Landsborough in 1859 who named the Aramac Creek, a tributary of the Thomson River after a former pastoralist, Robert Ramsay MacKenzie. The station, in turn, takes its name from the creek.
The station was established in 1863, shortly after Bowen Downs Station in 1862. Aramac Station was initially settled by John Rule and Dyson Lacey along the banks of the creek, and they stocked the area with sheep. The early part of the year and several water-holes failed causing other pastoralists in the area to move on. When the rains came in June the creek flooded and the homestead was found to be too close to the creek and had to be moved to higher ground. Lacey was later speared along with another of the station shepherds by Aborigines.
The first manager of the station was Mr Gordon, who worked for Rule and Lacey. One of the many experiences he had at the station was a tribal war between the Aborigines on the area at a part of the property called Greyrock, where many were killed.
Originally occupying an area of approximately , the station is made up of about two thirds open and grazing country and about one third described as desert country.
In 1867 an employee of Aramac, John Kingston, started a trading post at an outlying point of the creek that later became the town of Aramac.
Rule left Aramac in 1871,
An Aboriginal shepherd murdered a European man at Aramac in 1872.
Roderick Travers had bought Aramac off Rule and Lacey some time prior to 1873 and added it to his other holding of Malvern Downs which combined held some 60,000 sheep and 10,000 cattle.
3,000 sheep from the station were sold-off in 1873 and taken to Mr McCormack's Peak Downs Station.
By 1875 the station was owned by Messrs Travers and Gibson, who had a flock of approximately 20,000 sheep on the run. By this stage they also had about fenced suitable for both cattle and sheep. This in turn reduced the number of dog attacks on the flock.
An additional 15,000 sheep were delivered to the station from Malvern Downs in 1876, along with 15 stud bulls that arrived later in the dry season.
Several bushfires broke out in December 1876 resulting in the death of a man named Robert Durban and a Kanaka labourer who were carting water to men who were beating out the flames when he got burnt. Two horses and a dray were also lost during the fire. The men were volunteers from town who had come to help the Forsyths, of Aramac Station, to quell the blaze. The Forsyths later established a fund to help Durban's widow.
Messrs. Anderson and Nicoll of Manuka Station purchased 10,000 sheep from Aramac that were droved overland and delivered in 1879 with the stock "looking remarkably well".
In 1880 Travers and Gibson bought 5636 ewes from Huntly Station for Aramac. Another 5,000 were sent to Aramac from Spottiswoode Station in 1881.
Sometime prior to 1890 the station fell into the hands of the Bank of New South Wales and was managed by William Forsyth but was later purchased in 1891 for £100,000 by James Tolson who also owned the neighbouring properties of Corinda and Uanda Station. In 1900 the station had a flock of 150,000 sheep and was still owned by Tolson.
The station was subdivided and put up for ballot in 1930 attracting 396 applicants from all over Australia. The property was split into seven different blocks ranging from to . The lnd was described as "not being in first class order" after being heavily stocked for many years.
All the station plant, homestead and stock were sold-off in 1930. Many of the selectors were among those who purchased the equipment. Some of the new newly formed properties were named "Politic", "Powella", "Edgebaston" and "Stainburn".

</doc>
<doc id="36726091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726091" title="Nikiya Harris">
Nikiya Harris

Nikiya Harris Dodd (born February 22, 1975) is a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Senate, representing the 6th Senate District. Nikiya Harris Dodd was elected to the Senate in November of 2012 and began serving in the Wisconsin State Legislature on January 7, 2013. She previously served as a County Supervisor in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin from 2010 through 2012. 
Early life, education, and career.
Nikiya Harris Dodd was born and raised in Milwaukee. She is a graduate of Washington High School. A former pre-school teacher and pre-college coordinator, she graduated from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee with a bachelor’s degree in community education and a master’s degree in adult education.
Prior to serving in elected office, Nikiya Harris Dodd worked in fund development for the Urban Ecology Center. Through her work, she empowered families to take back their neighborhoods and communities through environmental initiatives such as urban gardening, safe and clean parks, and involvement in recreational activities.
Elected Office.
Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors.
On May 25, 2010, Nikiya Harris Dodd was elected 2nd District County Supervisor in an eleven-candidate race. After her election to the Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors, Supervisor Harris Dodd led the fight for voters' rights by opposing Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker's Voter ID law. She eased voter access to the polls by pushing forth an initiative that allowed thousands of Milwaukee residents to receive a free birth certificate. She also proposed and executed a successful plan to remove oversight of the Milwaukee House of Corrections from the County Sheriff. Under the new plan, oversight shifted to a superintendent appointed by the Milwaukee County Board.
Wisconsin Senate.
In 2012, Supervisor Harris Dodd ran for state senate in Wisconsin's 6th Senate District in a heavily-contested five-way primary after former senator Spencer Coggs was elected as County Treasurer. She won the primary with 47.9% of the vote. She was sworn into office on January 7, 2013.
During the 2013-14 legislative session, Senator Harris Dodd served on a number of committees in the Wisconsin State Legislature, including Education, Government Operations, Public Works, and Telecommunications, Judiciary and Labor, and Law Revision. She also served on the Joint Committee for Review of Administrative Rules. Senator Harris Dodd currently serves on the Legislative Council Study Committee on Adoption Disruption and Dissolution, which is scheduled to have its first meeting in July of 2014.
During the 2013-14 legislative session, Senator Harris Dodd pushed for an increase to the minimum wage, access to job training, and affordable healthcare. She also put forth initiatives to repair Milwaukee's foreclosure crisis and reform Wisconsin's broken criminal justice system and mental health system.
In April 2014, Senator Harris Dodd's bill creating the Milwaukee County Emergency Detention Pilot Program was signed into law. The program puts the authority to initiate emergency detentions into the hands of qualified mental health professionals rather than solely in the hands of the police. The law will help stop negative police interjection into mental health crisis situations.
Personal Life.
After the loss of her mother over ten years ago, Nikiya Harris Dodd, determined to keep her siblings out of the foster care system, became guardian to three of her younger siblings and raised them herself. Senator Harris Dodd and her husband, Anthony Dodd, currently live on Milwaukee's west side.
Senator Harris Dodd is a member of the Democratic Party of Wisconsin, as well as a member of the Milwaukee Child Welfare Partnership Council and the Wisconsin Housing and Economic Development Authority Board (WHEDA). She also serves on the Community Advisory Board for Felmer's Chaney Correctional Center and is the vice-chair of the Milwaukee Black Male Achievement Advisory Council.

</doc>
<doc id="36726123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726123" title="UAZ Bars">
UAZ Bars

UAZ Bars ("УАЗ Барс", UAZ-3159) is a SUV produced by UAZ. It was introduced in December 1999. It is a passenger-utility car with 4-wheel drive, developed on the basis of UAZ-3153. 
Overview.
UAZ Bars has got a higher capacity of negotiating gradients, better structural strength, and steering capacity on roads of different surface quality.
The standard complete equipment has been supplemented with:
For the UAZ-3159 'BARS' a new range of 16-valve ZMZ-406 engine has been used with electronic controlled fuel injection. The engine design comprises cast iron cylinder block, two camshafts in the engine head and timing chain.

</doc>
<doc id="36726130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726130" title="List of international rugby union tries by Shane Williams">
List of international rugby union tries by Shane Williams

Shane Williams is a Welsh rugby union player who appeared 87 times for the Wales national team from 2000 to 2011. Playing exclusively as a wing for Wales, Williams scored 58 tries, the most for any Wales international and 18 more than second-placed Gareth Thomas. Williams also made four appearances for the British and Irish Lions, three as a wing and one as a centre. In those appearances, Williams scored two tries, both during the Lions' victory over South Africa on the 2009 tour (a match in which Williams was on the wing). Williams' 60 international tries currently place him third on the worldwide all-time list, trailing Daisuke Ohata of Japan and David Campese of Australia.
Williams made his international debut on 5 February 2000 against France in the opening round of the 2000 Six Nations Championship at Millennium Stadium in Cardiff. His first try for Wales came in the next round of the Six Nations against Italy, also at Millennium Stadium. Williams would go on to score tries in the 2003, 2007 and 2011 editions of the World Cup. His final try for Wales came literally at the end of his international career, as he scored on the final play of his last Test on 3 December 2011 against Australia at Millennium Stadium.
His final try was his 28th at Millennium Stadium, surpassing Rory Underwood of England, with 27 at Twickenham, for the most tries scored by a player from one of the "Tier 1" nations at a single ground. Among players from all nations, Williams is level with Ohata, who scored 28 tries at Chichibunomiya Rugby Stadium in Tokyo.
Williams boasts many other important try records, both for Wales and internationally. His 30 tries away from his home country (including those at neutral sites) are the most for any player in history. He leads Wales in tries at home (30), away (21), on neutral ground (7), and in the Rugby World Cup (10). Williams was most prolific against Italy, Japan and Scotland, scoring 9 tries against each team; he retired with the record for most tries by an opposing player against each of these nations. He also retired with the most tries by any European player against both Australia (6) and South Africa (5). All of his tries against the Springboks were on South African soil, which at the time of his retirement tied him with New Zealanders Christian Cullen and Joe Rokocoko for the most overall. Finally, his 6 tries against Argentina left him level with France's Serge Blanco and Émile Ntamack for the most by a European player.
Williams has scored multiple tries in a single international on 14 occasions, including two hat-tricks. The first of these was a four-try effort against Japan at Kintetsu Hanazono Rugby Stadium in Osaka during a 2001 Wales tour. The second was against Argentina at Vélez Sársfield in Buenos Aires during Wales' 2004 tour. Williams scored tries against 15 countries, including all of the "Tier 1" nations.

</doc>
<doc id="36726134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726134" title="Ram Narayan Rawat">
Ram Narayan Rawat

Ram Narayan Rawat (also spelled Ramnarayan Rawat and Ram Rawat) is a professor at the University of Delaware and a historian of the Indian subcontinent and has also had appointments at the University of Pennsylvania (as a postdoctoral scholar) and University of Washington. He received his B.A. and Ph.D. from the University of Delhi. He has conducted research on the Chamar caste in India, and displayed that their work centered around agriculture and not tanning as previously thought. His work was banned in parts of India for some time due to usage of the word "Chamar."

</doc>
<doc id="36726139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726139" title="Three Loco">
Three Loco

Three Loco (stylized as ¡Three Loco!) is an American comedy hip hop group composed of Andy Milonakis, Simon Rex (Dirt Nasty), and Jody Christian (Riff Raff). The trio has self-proclaimed themselves as the "Holy Trinity of hip-hop". In an e-mail interview with Earmilk, Dirt Nasty jokingly states that Three Loco's sound is that of "Martha Stewart giving birth to a chalk board".
History.
Andy Milonakis, Dirt Nasty, and Riff Raff are alumni of the American cable network MTV. Andy Milonakis had a sketch comedy show on MTV titled The Andy Milonakis Show from 2005 to 2007. Dirt Nasty was a video jockey (VJ) on MTV during the mid-1990s. Riff Raff was a contestant on the second season of the MTV reality show From G's to Gents, before being booted out during the second episode. In an e-mail interview with Earmilk, both Andy Milonakis and Riff Raff hope for a television series and a feature film in the future featuring the Three Loco trio.
Album Release.
Their eponymous debut album ¡Three Loco! was released by Mad Decent on November 27, 2012. A three-song sampler has been released by Mad Decent imprint Jeffree's on 14 August 2012 as a teaser for the album. The sampler includes the songs: "We Are Farmers" (feat. Diplo) (prod. Derek "DJA" Allen), "NEATO" (prod. Nik Nikateen), "Jump Rope" (feat. Porcelain Black) (prod. Rich Skillz) The album is slated to feature both hip-hop and electro house beats, with further guest vocals provided by Diplo.
The song "We Are Farmers", originally released in January 2012, samples the Farmers Insurance Group jingle. However, the reworked version of the song was officially released on 13 August 2012 and features a guest rap by American DJ and music producer Thomas Wentz (Diplo), marking Diplo's official rap debut. The accompanying music video was directed by longtime Dirt Nasty friend and collaborator, Nicholaus "Nick" Goossen. The music video was removed from YouTube after the group received a cease and desist letter from Farmers Insurance Group.
The song "Jump Rope" was released on 13 April 2012 and features guest vocals by industrial pop singer Porcelain Black. According to an e-mail interview with Earmilk, Andy Milonakis stated that the song samples a song by Shelley Duvall from the 1980 film Popeye.
The song "NEATO" was officially released on 18 May 2012. The song makes references to Cheetos, Steven Seagal, Fritos, Lilo & Stitch(Lilo refers to Lindsay Lohan), Rihanna, Tim Tebow, Totino's, Waka Flocka Flame, etc. The accompanying music video, directed by Canadian film director Mike Clattenburg, pays tribute to the cult 1994 film Pulp Fiction and features a cameo by Jordan Capozzi (Lil Debbie) from the former hip hop group White Girl Mob.
On 12 November 2012, after reportedly six months of delays on the part of their label, Andy Milonakis released another single off of their EP called "Bong Hits." 
Critical Response.
Hypetrak's Richard Brooks refers to Three Loco as "hip-hop's Three Musketeers". Yet, indie label Discobelle Records describes Three Loco as the "twisted musical equivalent" of Chevy Chase, Martin Short, and Steve Martin in the 1986 film Three Amigos.
Discography.
¡Three Loco! is the debut EP. The tracks "We Are Farmers" and "Jump Rope" featuring Porcelain Black were originally meant for the EP but were scrapped due to legal issues with the samples.

</doc>
<doc id="36726159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726159" title="Chris Haueter">
Chris Haueter

Chris Haueter, is an American martial arts athlete and coach. As one of the first American Black Belts in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Chris is best known for his innovative teaching style and conceptual coaching ability and naming of new positions as the art rapidly developed in the mid 90's, coined the term 'Combat Base' as it related to shooting platform. He spread BJJ to the UK and across the US in the late 90's. Chris is one of the BJJ Dirty Dozen (first 12 Non-Brazilian recipients of the BJJ black belt). He received his black belt from Rigan Machado in 1996, is the first American black belt to compete in the Mundials De Jiu-Jitsu in Brazil, the first American black belt to win a black belt match. Over the years Chris has won multiple Pan American, and superfight victories. He is also a highly respected JKD practitioner directly trained under Dan Inosanto. He has promoted 15 black belts.

</doc>
<doc id="36726179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726179" title="Leucopogon fletcheri">
Leucopogon fletcheri

Leucopogon fletcheri is a small Australian plant in the Heath family. It was first collected near Springwood by J.J. Fletcher in September 1887. This particular sub species "fletcheri" is now considered extremely rare, and is listed as endangered by extinction. Sub species "Leucopogon fletcheri subsp. brevisepalus" is more abundant and not considered under threat.

</doc>
<doc id="36726181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726181" title="A Zoo in Winter">
A Zoo in Winter

Story.
Hamaguchi is an 18-year-old whose dream of becoming a graphic artist can not find fulfilment in his every-day job as an office drone for a clothing wholesaler. He moves to Tokyo and, thanks to a friend, gets a job as a famous manga artist's assistant. Though the job is demanding and the hours are impossible (especially as deadlines near), he feels he has found his calling.
He starts to work on his own manga with the little free time he has, but lacks the self-confidence to get very far. One day he is introduced to a pretty young girl of fragile health whom he is asked to walk around on those days she can get out of the hospital. With her encouragements and her input, he finds the focus to complete his manga and submit it to a publishing company. However, her deteriorating condition prevents him from acting out on his growing love for her.

</doc>
<doc id="36726184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726184" title="Planktivore">
Planktivore

A planktivore is an aquatic organism that feeds on planktonic food, including zooplankton or phytoplankton.

</doc>
<doc id="36726210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726210" title="United States declaration of war upon Mexico">
United States declaration of war upon Mexico

On May 13, 1846 the United States Congress passed '"An Act providing for the Prosecution of the existing War between the United States
and the Republic of Mexico"', thereby declaring war against Mexico.
Text of the declaration.
Whereas, by the act of the Republic of Mexico, a state of war exists between that Government
and the United States:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, for the purpose of enabling the government of the United States to
prosecute said war to a speedy and successful termination, the President be, and he is hereby,
authorized to employ the militia, naval, and military forces of the United States, and to call for
and accept the services of any number of volunteers, not exceeding fifty thousand, who may offer
their services, either as cavalry, artillery, infantry, or riflemen, to serve twelve months after they
shall have arrived at the place of rendezvous, or to the end of the war, unless sooner discharged,
according to the time for which they shall have been mustered into service; and that the sum of
ten millions of dollars, out of any moneys in the treasury, or to come into the treasury, not
otherwise appropriated, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated for the purpose of carrying the
provisions of this act into effect.
SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That the militia, when called into the service of the United
States by virtue of this act, or any other act, may, if in the opinion of the President of the United
States the public interest requires it, be compelled to serve for a term not exceeding six months
after their arrival at the place of rendezvous, in any one year, unless sooner discharged.
SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said volunteers shall furnish their own clothes, and if
cavalry, their own horses and horse equipments; and when mustered into service shall be armed at
the expense of the United States.
SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That said volunteers shall, when called into actual service, and
while remaining therein, be subject to the rules and articles of war, and shall be, in all respects
except as to clothing and pay, placed on the same footing with similar corps of the United States
army; and in lieu of clothing every non-commissioned officer and private in any company, who
may thus offer himself, shall be entitled, when called into actual service, to receive in money a
sum equal to the cost of clothing of a non-commissioned officer or private (as the case may be) in
the regular troops of the United States.
SEC 5. And be it further enacted, That the said volunteers so offering their services shall be
accepted by the President in companies, battalions, squadrons, and regiments, whose officers
shall be appointed in the manner prescribed by law in the several States and Territories to which
such companies, battalions, squadrons, and regiments, shall respectively belong.
SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That the President of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorized to organize companies so tendering their service into battalions or squadrons,
battalions and squadrons into regiments, regiments into brigades, and brigades into divisions, as
soon as the number of volunteers shall render such organization, in his judgment, expedient; and
the President shall, if necessary, apportion the staff, field, and general officers among the
respective States and Territories from which the volunteers shall tender their services as he may
deem proper.
SEC 7. And be it further enacted, That the volunteers who may be received into the service of the
United States by virtue of the provisions of this act, and who shall be wounded or otherwise
disabled in the service, shall be entitled to all the benefit which may be conferred on persons
wounded in the service of the United States.
SEC 8. And be it further enacted, That the President of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorized forthwith to complete all the public armed vessels now authorized by law, and to
purchase or charter, arm, equip, and man, such merchant vessels and steam boats as, upon
examination, may be found fit, or easily converted into armed vessels fit for the public service,
and in such number as he may deem necessary for the protection of the seaboard, lake coast, and
the general defense of the country.
SEC. 9. And be it further enacted, That whenever the militia or volunteers are called and received
into the service of the United States, under the provisions of this act, they shall have the
organization of the army of the United States, and shall have the same pay and allowances; and
all mounted privates, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and artificers, shall be allowed 40
cents per day for the use and risk of their horses, except of horses actually killed in action; and if
any mounted volunteer, private, non-commissioned officer, musician, or artificer, shall not keep
himself provided with a serviceable horse, the said volunteer shall serve on foot.
APPROVED, May 13, 1846.

</doc>
<doc id="36726214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726214" title="Vandever">
Vandever

Vandever is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36726230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726230" title="Vandeweghe">
Vandeweghe

Vandeweghe or Vande Weghe is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36726240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726240" title="South Georgia Survey">
South Georgia Survey

The South Georgia Survey was a series of expeditions to survey and map the island of South Georgia, led by Duncan Carse between 1951 and 1957.
Although South Georgia had been commercially exploited as a whaling station during the first half of the 20th century, its interior was generally unknown, and maps were largely based on the original survey by James Cook, who first landed on the island in 1775.
The South Georgia Survey was intended to make high-quality modern maps covering the entire island, and took place in four austral summer seasons: 1951–52, 1953–54, 1955–56, and 1956–57.
The survey was funded by the Royal Geographical Society, the Falkland Islands Dependencies, Odhams Press, and other private supporters. The War Office and Ministry of Supply provided 250 man-days of cold-weather rations, along with a loan of clothing and sledging equipment. Transportation to and from South Georgia was provided on the ships used to supply the whaling stations and ferry whale oil back to market. The survey members also often rode along on the whaling vessels to survey the coasts of the island and to be dropped off or picked up for inland work. The survey used the whaling settlement of Grytviken as its base of operations in South Georgia, with lodging provided in the Grytviken jail, which had space for 3–4 men and was generally unoccupied.
1951–52 season.
The first expedition consisted of six men: Carse, deputy leader Kevin Walton, the surveyors Gordon Smillie and John Heaney, the geologist Alec Trendall, and the mountaineer Walter Roots. The expedition departed from Glasgow on the whaling tanker "Southern Opal" on 16 Sept 1951, and arrived in South Georgia on 1 November.
The goals for this campaign were to map the southwest coast of the island between Cape Disappointment and King Haakon Bay, and to survey the interior of the island to the south and west of the Allardyce Range (the side away from the whaling stations).
The surveying was hampered in early January when the geologist Trendall fell into a crevasse and severely injured his left leg. The party spent a week transporting the injured man back to Grytviken, where he was cared for in the whaling station's hospital and sent home on the vessel "Orwell". The remaining members of the expedition resumed the survey in late January and continued through late March, and by the end of the season, about 35–40% of the interior of the island had been mapped. The survey showed that South Georgia was somewhat thinner overall than indicated by previous maps, and this realization suggested that complete coverage could be attained with three seasons' work. The party left South Georgia on April 18, again on the "Southern Opal".
1953–54 season.
The second campaign consisted of four men: the medical officer K. Warburton, in addition to Carse, Smillie, and Trendall from the earlier campaign. They left Glasgow aboard the "Polar Maid" on 29 August 1953 and arrived in Leith Harbour on 10 October.
From the beginning of the expedition Warburton was ill, with a probable duodenal ulcer. He was left behind in Grytviken, and sent home on the "Orwell" early in 1954. The three other members carried on the work of the survey, but were troubled by bad weather and the early departure of Smillie. Carse and Trendall left South Georgia aboard the "Southern Opal" on April 17.
Carse's South Georgia Survey did not make a campaign during the 1954–55 year. However, there was a British South Georgia Expedition led by George Sutton. This expedition was primarily aimed at mountaineering, although they did perform some surveying, and these results were incorporated into the South Georgia Survey's final maps.
1955–56 season.
The third campaign was more ambitious and consisted of a larger group of eight men. Carse remained as leader, and Warburton was the doctor and deputy leader. The two surveyors were Tony Bomford and Stan Paterson. George Spenceley was the photographer, and there were three mountaineers: Tom Price, Louis Baume, and John Cunningham.
Planning before the expedition focused on four areas that had not been adequately covered so far. A secondary goal was to determine the route used by Ernest Shackleton in his famous 1916 winter traverse during the Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition.
The party arrived in Leith Harbour on 24 September 1955, on the "Southern Opal". The surveying in this third season succeeded in filling the four major blank spaces in the map of the island, and identifying the uncertain segments of Shackleton's traverse. The party departed for home on the "Southern Garden" on April 3, 1956.
1956–57 season.
Carse returned alone to complete the survey of a few remaining unmapped areas. He remained at South Georgia from September 25 through mid-November.

</doc>
<doc id="36726303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726303" title="Gaius Octavius Appius Suetrius Sabinus">
Gaius Octavius Appius Suetrius Sabinus

Gaius Octavius Appius Suetrius Sabinus (fl. 3rd century) was a Roman senator and military officer who was appointed consul twice, firstly in AD 214, and secondly in AD 240.
Biography.
Originating from the town of Histonium, and the son of a senator, Suetrius Sabinus began his senatorial career under the reign of the emperor Septimius Severus. His first role was as "Decemviri Stlitibus Iudicandis" which he filled around AD 193 or 194. He then stood as one of the imperial candidates for the office of Quaestor in AD 201, before again standing for the office of Plebeian Tribune in AD 203. He was eventually elected to the office of "praetor de liberalibus causis" in AD 206.
Suetrius Sabinus was next sent as a Legatus to Africa before returning to Rome to act as "curator viarum viae Latinae novae" (or curator the Via Latina) from AD 209–210. His next posting was as "iuridicus per Aemiliam et Liguriam", which he held from AD 210–211.
Suetrius Sabinus then served under the new emperor Caracalla during his campaign against the Alamanni from AD 211 to 213. At first he was a "Legatus legionis" of the Legio XXII Primigenia, serving in Germania Superior before he was promoted to the rank of "praepositus vexillarii" of Legio XI Claudia. By AD 213, he was the "Comes in expeditione Germanica" (or head of the expedition against the Germanic tribes) before being appointed for a three-month stint as imperial legate of the province of Raetia, serving from October to December 213.
An "amicus" (or intimate friend) of the emperor Caracalla, Suetrius Sabinus was appointed "consul posterior" alongside Lucius Valerius Messalla Apollinaris in AD 214. The fact that his first consulate was an ordinary one, not suffect, reinforces the notion that he was held in high regard by Caracalla. After his consulship, Caracalla appointed Suetrius Sabinus as a "iudex" (judge representing the emperor) in an unknown province, followed by a period as "praefectus alimentorum" (or the officer in charge of Rome’s food supply).
Suetrius Sabinus next served as a Corrector, under the title of "electus ad corrigendum statum Italiae", from AD 215 to 216. This was an exceptional appointment in terms of its function; it may be that his principal task was to deal with a breakdown of law and order in Italy during that time, with a rise in banditry afflicting the countryside. It is also possible that he may have been given the task of fixing the urban finances in the Italian communities, as the effects of Caracalla’s levels of taxation were causing major difficulties in Italy.
From AD 216-217, Suetrius Sabinus served as the imperial legate of Pannonia Inferior, but he was replaced on the orders the new emperor Macrinus after the murder of Caracalla. He seemed to fall out of favour for a time, but eventually he was recalled back into political service, being appointed the Proconsular governor of Africa Proconsularis in AD 230. Suetrius Sabinus was next appointed consul for a second time in AD 240, alongside Ragonius Venustus, thereby becoming the only individual to hold a second consulship during the reign of Gordian III.
During his career, Suetrius Sabinus was both an Augur and a member of the College of Pontiffs, thus belonging to two of the four major priestly colleges. He may have lived in a house on the Aventine Hill in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="36726304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726304" title="Moonrock Basic Compiler">
Moonrock Basic Compiler

MoonRock is a free BASIC-like language for the MS-DOS operating system written exclusively by Rowan Crowe. The compiler produces small and tight executables optionally optimised for 8086, 80186+ or 80386+ code. Notably the Moonrock compiler works for both DOS real mode or DPMI protected mode.
The Moonrock compiler comes with the ArrowSoft assembler, documentation and sample programs. It is not being maintained any more.
Although originally written in Microsoft's QuickBASIC, later versions integrated assembly language add-ons before being completely written in Moonrock itself. It is one of the very few free and open source compilers which is capable of compiling itself. Moonrock is thus also a development language.
The last stable version is Moonrock 0.50. It has been widely downloaded and is still used by groups of DOS game programmers. Moonrock was one of the first compilers to output compact .ASM assembly language code, making it easier for game programmers to optimise for speed and graphic handling routines.
Moonrock was created as an alternative to QuickBasic. The compact code results in small size executables unlike QuickBasic's bloatcode. Moonrock is relatively unique as expressions are evaluated left to right, regardless of operation precedence. 

</doc>
<doc id="36726316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726316" title="Polistovsky Nature Reserve">
Polistovsky Nature Reserve

Polistovsky Nature Reserve, Polistovsky Zapovednik () is a nature reserve (a "zapovednik") in the northwest of Russia, located in Bezhanitsky and Loknyansky Districts of Pskov Oblast, in the Polist-Lovat Swamp System. It was established on May 25, 1994. Previously, it functioned as a zakaznik. The nature reserve is created to protect the raised bog ecosystems of the Northwestern Russia. 
Location and geography.
The area of the reserve is elongated from southeast to northwest and is adhacent to the border between Pskov and Novgorod Oblasts. At the other side of the border, in Novgorod Oblast, the nature reserve continues as Rdeysky Nature Reserve. The nature reserve is divided between the drainage basins of the Lovat River and the Polist River. 
The territory of Polistovsky Nature Reserve is a glacial landscape, which is essentially a flat swampy area with a large amount of lakes. Some areas are forested.
Flora.
The area mostly consists of raised bogs. Forest grows on the islands on the bog. The main types forest are coniferous forests based on spruce and broadleaf forest, based on oak and linden. Birch and aspen appeared as derivative forest from oak and linden. Around 370 species of plants grow in the reserve.
Fauna.
European mink is a critically endangered mammal species which is resident in the reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="36726321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726321" title="A Distant Neighborhood">
A Distant Neighborhood

In 2012 adapted for radio by Martin Heindel.
Plot.
Middle-aged salaryman Hiroshi Nakahara accidentally takes a train ride back to his old hometown to visit his mother’s grave. Then for reasons he can’t explain, Hiroshi is transported back in time, and discovers that he’s an 8th grader again, but with all of his adult memories intact.

</doc>
<doc id="36726332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726332" title="The Bounty Killer">
The Bounty Killer

El precio de un hombre (internationally released as The Bounty Killer, "The Price of a Man" 'and "The Ugly Ones") is a 1966 Spanish-Italian spaghetti western film directed by Eugenio Martín. 
The film marked the debut of Tomás Milián in the western genre. It was also the first Spanish western to receive a state funding for the "artistic interest of the work".
It was shown as part of a retrospective on Spaghetti Western at the 64th Venice International Film Festival. 
Plot.
The notorious bounty hunter Luke Chilson pursues the Mexican fugitive Jose Gomez. He follows him through the desert only to arrive in a Mexican village where Gomez achieves to turn the peasants against his hunter. Unaware of the danger Chilson finds himself trapped.

</doc>
<doc id="36726334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726334" title="Labour Relations Law, 1962">
Labour Relations Law, 1962

The Labour Relations Law was a legislation in Ethiopia, passed in 1962. The law provided the first legal sanction for the establishment of trade unions in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="36726344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726344" title="House of Gold &amp; Bones – Part 1">
House of Gold &amp; Bones – Part 1

House of Gold & Bones – Part 1 is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Stone Sour, and is the first of two consecutive albums to feature the House of Gold & Bones concept. Its reprises are featured on the second House of Gold & Bones album, which was released on April 9, 2013. It is the first Stone Sour album without bass player Shawn Economaki, who left the band in 2012.
Development.
Stone Sour started working on the album on March 19, 2012 and Corey Taylor stated that the album would likely end up being a double album or concept album. It was later confirmed by the band that the songs would form a concept and would be released as two separate albums. Musically, Taylor also described the album's sound as "Pink Floyd's "The Wall" meets Alice in Chains' "Dirt"". It was also revealed that bassist Shawn Economaki was no longer in the band and that his studio replacement was Rachel Bolan from Skid Row.
Plot summary.
The Human is a ball of pure pain, stricken with impressions of being submerged in water and something drastic about to happen. He gradually gains consciousness, sensation by sensation. At once, he makes the decision to open his eyes and discovers that he is in a strange, dreamlike world with different, oddly-colored sky pockets and no buildings in sight. He suddenly hears a horde behind him, chasing him, and so he breaks into a sprint and arrives at the edge of a cliff. The Human sprints along the top edge of the cliff and eventually spots a small, decrepit building. Desperately seeking refuge, the Human opens the door, rushes inside, and flings it shut; the sounds of his pursuers are still audible outside. Gathering courage, the Human peers out of the building's window and finds that his pursuers are nowhere to be found.
Suddenly, a voice breaks the silence in the room. The Human turns around to find an almost shapeless thing wearing a cloak seated at a table, smoking a cigarette. The thing explains that there's been a rumor going around with regards to the Human's return to this place; rumors that he is going to change things. The thing eventually removes its cloak, revealing that it resembles the Human. The Human's doppelgänger reveals its name to be Allen, and angrily tells the Human that an event called the Conflagration is set to begin now that the Human has returned, and the two have some things to discuss before Black John and his Numbers – the Human's pursuers – return. The Human has no idea what the Conflagration is or what this strange world is, but, at Allen's prodding, realizes that he has vague memories of being in a world where things made sense before something went horribly wrong. Allen antagonistically teases that he has all the answers – teases that the Human needs him. Before fading into thin air, Allen reveals to the Human that in order to make it home, he must find the House of Gold and Bones before the Conflagration begins.
Thoroughly infuriated and puzzled, the Human exits the building and sets out along the cliff's edge, seeking a way down. While walking, he surveys the landscape and finds a forest in the valley below as well as a giant, crimson city on the horizon. He gets a strong feeling that House of Gold and Bones will be found in this city, so he makes this his destination. He eventually happens upon a set of large, steep stone stairs seemingly carved right down into the valley below the cliff. Cautiously, the Human makes his way down these stairs, and eventually reaches the bottom. Very suddenly, he hears a mob behind him once again. After a moment of hesitation, the Human becomes infuriated and turns around to face his pursuers. He finds the Numbers – a horde of zombie-like people – gathered around him, boxing him in, with a large, fierce leader – Black John. Black John asks the Human "RU486?", which strikes the Human as nonsense and serves to infuriate him even more. Enraged, the Human approaches the mob's leader and suddenly punches him in the face, throwing Black John backwards and stunning the entire group. Seizing the distraction as an opportunity, the Human breaks through a gap in the crowd and sprints away along a road, though he eventually finds that he is no longer being pursued.
Exhausted from the climb down and the sprint, the Human eventually stops along the road, lays down, and loses consciousness. He wakes up later that night and realises he is directly in front of the forest he spotted earlier. Allen appears, dressed in a mock Schutzstaffel uniform, and antagonizes the Human even more. Allen reveals that he is keeping an eye on the Human, as he cannot be left alone here. The Human decides to ignore Allen and starts for the forest, but in a fit of fury, Allen picks the Human up, demands respect, and then vanishes. Just as Allen vanishes, a new voice strikes the Human, and he turns to find a bearded man dressed in dark hunting clothes wearing a backpack. This man tells the Human that his name is Peckinpah, and says that he is going to the crimson city – called Red City – and agrees to accompany the Human there.
The pair sets out into the forest and are walking for a while before a long howl sounds. Peckinpah explains that the natives of this place are on edge, as they realize the Conflagration is at hand. Stunned by Peckinpah's knowledge of the Conflagration, the Human questions him. Peckinpah reveals that the Conflagration is a coming of age ceremony of sorts, but more importantly, it is a celebration of one person making choices and embracing change. The Human is clearly puzzled about how the Conflagration is tied to him, so Peckinpah reveals that the Human is the one who must choose in the Conflagration.
Peckinpah begins to explain further, but is interrupted by a chorus of maniacal laughter from Black John and the Numbers. Peckinpah explains that he and the Human must split up for the moment. He says that Black John's assignment is to transport the Human to Red City in such a devastated state that he would make the choices Black John prefers at the Conflagration. Peckinpah gives the Human a pill of Paris Green, explaining that it would knock him out while Black John and the Numbers bring him to Red City, thus saving the Human from their influence. Peckinpah then assures the Human that he will be there when he is needed, and then vanishes. The Human realizes that the Numbers are nearly on top of him now, so he consumes the Paris Green. He turns to find himself confronted by Black John, who grabs the Human by the throat and smashes him against a tree. The Human moans, and vague impressions of twisted figures and hands are the last thing he experiences before he blacks out.
Marketing.
On August 24, 2012, Stone Sour released both "Gone Sovereign" and "Absolute Zero". On October 11, 2012, the band released a music video for "Gone Sovereign", that features their current tour bassist Johny Chow.
Release.
"House of Gold & Bones – Part 1" was released on October 22, 2012. It debuted at number-seven on the "Billboard 200" music album charts, shipping an estimated 31,000 copies in its first week of release.
The album has sold just under 130,000 copies in the United States
Critical reception.
"House of Gold and Bones – Part 1" received critical acclaim upon release. Rick Florino of Artistdirect stated "Ultimately, this is a milestone for Stone Sour and for modern rock music. It's on par with Alice in Chains' "Dirt", Metallica's "Master of Puppets", Queens of the Stone Age's "Songs for the Deaf", Soundgarden's "Superunknown", and any other game-changing albums you can think of," and rewarded the album 5 out of 5.
"Big Cheese" also rated the album 5 out of 5, stating "Perhaps what's most immediate upon listening to 'House of Gold & Bones' is the sheer step up that Stone Sour have made as musicians. The likes of 'RU486' and 'Tired' simply would not have been possible if they'd been attempted by the band in their 2006 'Come What(ever) May' period. Simply astounding."
"Rock Sound" from the UK gave the album 8 out of 10 and said "songs like roof-raising anthem 'Absolute Zero', the frenetic, thrashy 'RU 486' and acoustic lament 'Taciturn' deserve to be heard within the context of the entirety of this mightily ambitious, versatile record."
Allmusic said of the album "the album follows an arc both thematically and sonically, with the intensity of the songs rising and falling in a way that feels more like a musical than an album of chest-thumping hard rock. This creates a nice dynamic between songs like the driving "My Name Is Allen" and its follow-up, the more contemplative and reflective "Taciturn," creating a palpable shift that comes through both lyrically and musically."

</doc>
<doc id="36726357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726357" title="Gustave Chouquet">
Gustave Chouquet

Gustave Chouquet (16 April 1819 – 30 January 1886) was a French music historian, music critic, and teacher of French.
Early life and career.
Born Adolphe-Gustave Chouquet in Le Havre, he spent six years in Paris studying at the Massin Institute, but devoted almost all his spare time to studying voice and piano and attending concerts at the Paris Conservatory. In 1836, after receiving his degree ("bachelier ès lettres"), he returned to Le Havre, where his father was a banker. The latter lost his fortune in creating a railroad company (from Paris to the sea), and in 1840 the family moved to the United States. Gustave produced his first essays of music criticism in New York.
He was also a professor of French literature and history and published several textbooks of French language instruction.
After sixteen years devoted to education, a respiratory ailment caused him to move back to France, where he spent several winters in the warm climate of Le Midi. By 1860 he was permanently in Paris.
In Paris.
In Paris Chouquet became a music journalist, writing articles for "La France musicale" and "L'Art musicale", and occasionally contributed to "Le Ménestrel". He also became well known as the author of a great number of texts for songs ("romances"), cantatas, choral scenes and pieces for amateur performance, including the words for the cantata "David Rizzio" (the examination piece for the 1863 Prix de Rome in Music with the Grand Prize awarded to Jules Massenet) and the words for the "Hymne à la Paix" ("Hymn to Peace") with music by Laurent de Rillé (performed at the Opéra-Comique in 1867 and winner of the poetry prize at that year's Exposition Universelle).
Chouquet participated in a contest held by the Académie des Beaux-Arts, winning the Bordin prize in 1864 for his "Histoire de la musique depuis le XIVe siècle jusqu’à la fin du XVIIIe siècle" ("History of Music from the 14th Century to the end of the 18th Century"), which was never published (according to Arthur Pougin in 1878). Chouquet was awarded the prize a second time in 1868 for his history of French opera, which was published in 1873 as "Histoire de la musique dramatique en France depuis ses origines jusqu’à nos jours" ("History of Dramatic Music in France from its Origins to the Present Day"), which was recognized as one of the first important French works in the genre of music history and criticism.
In 1871 Chouquet was appointed the curator of the Musée Instrumental du Conservatoire (Conservatory Instrument Museum), which had been formed from the instrument collection of and purchased by the state. In spite of meagre resources, Chouquet was able to greatly expand the museum's holdings with numerous important acquisitions, including a collection of native American and African instruments from Schœlcher, a deputy in the French National Assembly and another collection from a M. le docteur Fau. Chouquet published a catalog of the museum's collection in 1875 under the title "Le Musée du Conservatoire national de musique, catalogue raisonné des instruments de cette collection" ("The National Conservatory Music Museum: Annotated Catalog of the Instruments of This Collection") and a second edition in 1884. The catalog was updated with supplements by Léon Pillaut in 1894, 1899, and 1903, and the complete catalog was reprinted by Minkoff in 1993.
In 1872 Chouquet became a contributor to the "Revue et Gazette musicale de Paris" and an editor in 1874, continuing until it ceased publication in 1880. He was also on the editorial board of the "Dictionnaire des beaux-arts" and contributed numerous articles for the first edition of George Grove's "A Dictionary of Music and Musicians" (published in four volumes from 1878 to 1889). Many of Chouquet's articles continued to appear in subsequent editions of "Grove's Dictionary" until at least 1970.
Chouquet was made Chevalier of the Legion of Honor in 1870. He died in Paris.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36726402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726402" title="Icelandic Braille">
Icelandic Braille

Icelandic Braille is the braille alphabet of the Icelandic language.
Alphabet.
The alphabet is as follows. 
Punctuation.
Unesco (2013) reports that is both the mark of capitalization and the ellipsis.

</doc>
<doc id="36726412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726412" title="Wonderful World (2010 film)">
Wonderful World (2010 film)

Wonderful World is a 2010 Japanese film directed by Daisuke Namikawa.

</doc>
<doc id="36726415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726415" title="Bradley Tarbuck">
Bradley Tarbuck

Bradley Tarbuck (born in 6 November 1995) is an English footballer who plays for Portsmouth as a winger.
Career.
Portsmouth.
Tarbuck signed a two-year scholarship deal after spending many years in Portsmouth youth categories. On 14 August 2012 he made his professional debut, coming on as a 72nd minute substitute for Andy Higgins in a League Cup 3–0 defeat against Plymouth Argyle. He then spent the rest of the season in the academy, although he did play in a first-team friendly on 16 April 2013 scoring in a 2-1 win over Icelandic side IBV at Fratton Park.
Tarbuck returned to the Academy for the 2013–14 season; after scoring 12 goals and being the club's topscorer in the youth leagues, he was awarded a one-year professional deal 
on 9 May 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36726419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726419" title="Central Sindical Angolana">
Central Sindical Angolana

Central Sindical Angolana ('Angolan Trade Union Centre', CSA) is a trade union centre in Angola. It was previously based in exile in Zaire. CSA is not affiliated to any international trade union confederation.
CSA was founded on September 22, 1973 when two trade union centres merged, the pro-National Liberation Front of Angola "Liga Geral dos Trabalhadores de Angola" (LGTA) and the Catholic "Confederação Geral dos Trabalhadores de Angola" (CGTA).

</doc>
<doc id="36726450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726450" title="Priceless Wonder">
Priceless Wonder

Priceless Wonder (游戏人生) is a Singaporean drama which aired on Channel 8. It debuted on 17 February 2010 and consists of 20 episodes.
Synopsis.
Li Caishun is a bookie who followed in his father's footsteps. Despite this, he has a heart of gold and has been taking care of his mother Qiao E and brother Cailai ever since his father has been in and out of prison. He falls for Yuxuan, who works as a teller for a 4-D stand. Her widowed mother Bizhu gambled away their inheritance. Hence, Yuxuan detests all things related to gambling and jilts Caishun after finding out his real "occupation". Ironically, her older brother Guoxing is a CID officer who specialises in investigating gambling syndicates and often comes into conflict with his conscience after having to arrest his own mother on more than one occasion. Caishun decides to quit gambling for good but his resolve is tested when a tragedy hits his family and his and his father's past catches up with them.

</doc>
<doc id="36726458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726458" title="Thamnocalamus tessellatus">
Thamnocalamus tessellatus

Thamnocalamus tessellatus (Nees) Soderstrom & R.P.Ellis is a species of bamboo belonging to the family Poaceae, and endemic to the high mountains of South Africa, Lesotho and Swaziland, lying along the south-eastern part of the country. It is found in the Amatola Mountains, the Bamboesberg, which is named after it, and the Drakensberg. Its generic name means "bushy reed", while the specific name means "tiled", an allusion to the rectangular pattern of veins on the leaves. Its common names include "Bergbamboes", "Wildebamboes" and "Mountain Bamboo".
Bamboos are divided into three categories on the basis of their flowering cycle - annual flowering, irregular flowering and gregarious flowering occurring at long intervals with synchronised flower and seed production. Most bamboos belong to this last category with intermasts ranging from 3 to 120 years.
"T. tessellatus" also belongs to this third category and flowers at 45 year intervals - records from KwaZulu-Natal noting flowering in 1908, 1953 and 1998/99. It is regarded as rare and vulnerable, threatened by fire and exploitation, and is also a host of the IUCN Red Data Book listed butterfly "Metisella syrinx". Often found in association with "Leucosidea sericea", this frost-resistant species grows in dense clumps up to 5 metres tall, preferring moist rocky places, and has hollow culms or canes of 2-2.5 cm in diameter. The leaves at the base of branches are reduced to papery sheaths, while other leaves are 4-12 cm long and sharply pointed with spiny margins and a strongly tessellated surface. This is the only bamboo native to South Africa, its closest relative, "Thamnocalamus spathiflorus", being found in the Himalaya.
Specimens of this plant were collected in the 1820s and 1830s by Ecklon in the Winterberg which is an extension of the Amatola range, and by Drège at Katberg near the western end of the Amatola range, Table Mountain in the Queenstown district, the Bamboesberge in the Tarkastad district, the Witteberg above Lady Grey and other high mountainous areas in the Cape Colony, such as the Prentjiesberg north of Ugie. Neither collector found the plant in flower or seed so that its exact taxonomic position remained unclear until the 1900s when it was more fully described in ""Flora Capensis"". Nees, who first described it from sterile specimens in 1841 in his elaboration of the "Gramineae" of South Africa, thought it close to "Nastus", and named it "Nastus tessellata". Compton found it, at Bulunga Poort southeast of Manzini and at Tulwane, in Swaziland during his 1955-66 botanical survey of that country. In 1982 Thomas Robert Soderstrom and Roger Pearson Ellis revised its classification and placed it with 5 other species in "Thamnocalamus".

</doc>
<doc id="36726475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726475" title="William Barclay Napton">
William Barclay Napton

William Barclay Napton (1808 - 1883) was an American politician and jurist from the state of Missouri. A Democrat, Napton served as the state's 4th Attorney General, and multiple terms on the Missouri Supreme Court.
Early life.
William Barclay Napton was born March 23, 1808 in Princeton, New Jersey to parents John and Susan Barclay (Hight) Napton. Napton's father was a moderately successful tailor, enough so that as the oldest son William received private tutoring before enrollment in Princeton and Lawrenceville (New Jersey) preparatory academies. Napton then entered Princeton College in 1824 at the age of sixteen as a Junior, his previous studies and knack for Latin and Greek languages allowing him to bypass his freshman and sophomore years. Following his graduation in 1826 Napton moved to Albemarle County, Virginia where he was employed as a tutor for the children of General William F. Gordon for a period of two years. He then studied Law at the University of Virginia, earning his degree in 1830. After graduation Napton found the abundance of lawyers in the Charlottesville, Virginia made finding work as an attorney difficult, so for two years he and a University of Virginia classmate operated Mudwell Academy, a college preparatory school. Napton entered the Virginia Bar in 1831, but the next year moved to Missouri. 
Settling briefly in Columbia, William Napton soon moved to the Howard County town of Fayette, then a hotbed of Missouri politics. As in Charlottesville, Napton found establishing a law practice, especially as a newcomer, difficult. However he had quickly made powerful friends in Democratic politics, including former Missouri Governor John Miller, Meredith Miles Marmaduke and Dr. John Sappington. This group, collectively known as the "Central Clique" --Jacksonian Democrats and acolytes of Missouri Senator Thomas Hart Benton—dominated the states politics in pre-Civil War times. At their urging Napton started a newspaper, the "Boon's Lick Democrat", serving as editor. On March 27, 1836 Napton married Melinda Williams, daughter of Tennessee Supreme Court justice Thomas Lanier Williams. An aside, Melinda Napton's father was the namesake of Thomas Lanier Williams III, better known as writer and playwright Tennessee Williams. Napton and his wife would eventually become parents of nine children, seven boys and two girls.
Politics.
With the assistance of his politically powerful friends in the Central Clique, William Napton was elected secretary of the Missouri State Senate in September, 1834, a position he held concurrently with his duties at the newspaper. His backers also saw to it that the "Boon's Lick Democrat" was awarded lucrative contracts to print many state manuals and documents. In December 1836 Missouri Governor Lilburn Boggs, another Clique member, appointed Napton the state's fourth Attorney General, replacing Robert W. Wells, who had resigned to take a Federal judgeship. It was a history-making time to be in Missouri government, with major issues like the Honey War—a border dispute with Iowa, the 1838 Mormon War and Governor Boggs' Executive Order 44 in the forefront. Other than to offer the Governor requested opinions on the constitutionality of certain measures however, Napton's time as Attorney General was relatively unremarkable. 
In January, 1839 William Napton was appointed to the Missouri Supreme Court by Governor Boggs. Napton served nearly 25 years on the court, albeit not consecutively, and his total tenure ranks fifth on the list of time served. During his first period on the court, from 1839 to 1851, Judge Napton and the other justices were presented with multiple cases pertaining to the freedom of slaves. A slave holder himself, Napton held strong pro-slavery opinions and favored overturning earlier and lesser courts rulings that might free the slaves in the state. He and Justice James Harvey Birch, held the view that the Missouri Compromise was unconstitutional and that the U.S. Congress lacked the legal power to legislate slavery in territorial areas. Due to a change in Missouri law in 1851, Supreme Court justices were elected instead of appointed, and Napton was defeated in his first election. This was due in large part to a split among the Missouri Democratic party over the expansion of slavery. Senator Thomas Hart Benton and a faction of "free soil" followers felt slavery should be curtailed in new territories while Napton's pro-slavery faction were against anything of the sort. In 1849 pro-slavery Democrats had Napton author a series of instructions for the state's representatives in Washington D.C. These instructions came to be known as the "Jackson Resolutions", for Claiborne Fox Jackson an ardent pro-slavery Democrat who sponsored them in the Missouri Senate. Fallout from this party split cost both Napton and Benton their positions. 
Following his 1851 election defeat, and with a large family to support, William Napton became a circuit lawyer, traveling throughout the state but mainly the counties along the Missouri River. Still though Napton remained a leader in the pro-slaver faction of Missouri Democrats. In 1855 he was one of the principle organizers of the Lexington Slave Owners Convention. Over 200 delegates gathered there to create a series of resolutions that advocated the position of states rights held by so many other slave holding southern states. This conference would set the stage for Napton's return to the Missouri Supreme Court, being elected handily in August, 1857. 
William Napton's second term on the high court lasted until December, 1861. At that time he was removed from the bench for refusing to swear an allegiance oath to the Union. Two months earlier a strongly pro-Union provisional government seized control of the state after Federal forces occupied Jefferson City, exiling Claiborne Jackson and pro-Confederate members of the state legislature. The provisional government then set about securing the loyalty oaths of those remaining. In addition to Napton, Justices Ephraim Ewing and William Scott, among others, refused the oath. The ensuing war years were hard on Napton and his family, with harassment both verbal and physical by Federal troops and pro-Union officials. One such action involved Napton being dragged from Elkhill, his Saline County plantation home, by a noose around his neck. Only intervention by a pro-Union official who had remained a Napton friend prevented his hanging. Another event in Fall, 1862 may have contributed to the death of Napton's wife Melinda. Federal troops searching for hidden weapons on the Napton property caused the pregnant Mrs. Napton to faint and fall. A few weeks later,on December 31, 1862, she went into premature labor and died during childbirth along with the infant.
Following his wife's death William Napton moved to St. Louis, Missouri and once again took up his law practice. Most of his journals and personal papers from the era were destroyed later, so little is known of Napton's activities during the Civil War period. Two of his sons did however serve with Confederate forces. Arrested by Federal troops in St. Louis, he was not allowed to begin his law practice until he swore the loyalty oath that had cost Napon his Supreme Court position. This time, with his wife dead, Saline County plantation in ruins, and nearly bankrupt Napton reluctantly agreed. His law practice in St. Louis proved lucrative by the late 1860s, and he again found himself involved in state politics. This led, in June 1873 to Napton's third and final appointment to the Missouri Supreme Court. Initially appointed to fill the term of Justice E. B. Ewing, who died suddenly, Napton was elected to the court in his own right the following year by over fifty thousand votes. His health increasingly poor, Napton retired from the court rather than run for another six-year term in 1880. 
Napton lived out the remaining years of his life at Elkhill, his home in Saline County, which had been rebuilt with the help of one of his sons. William Barclay Napton died January 8, 1883. He was buried next to his wife on the family plantation.

</doc>
<doc id="36726482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726482" title="Lara Jean Chorostecki">
Lara Jean Chorostecki

Lara Jean Chorostecki (born September 24, 1984) is a Canadian actress.
Career.
Born in Brampton, Chorostecki became interested in acting after seeing "Les Misérables" when she was eight years old. She performed at the Stratford Festival for a number of years.
Chorostecki had recurring roles in "Camelot" and "The Listener". Since 2012, she has recurred in the BBC America series "Copper".
In 2013, Chorostecki starred in the Canadian romantic comedy film "Please Kill Mr. Know It All". She plays journalist Freddie Lounds in the NBC drama "Hannibal".
Personal life.
Chorostecki's father works in a bank and her mother is a French teacher. She is of Polish and Scottish descent. She has a brother.
Chorostecki was the youngest ever person to be accepted into the Birmingham Conservatory for Classical Theatre Training in Stratford, Ontario. She earned a Masters in Classical Acting in London, England at The Royal Central School of Speech and Drama. Her interests include writing poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="36726488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726488" title="Koolinda">
Koolinda

MV Koolinda was an Australian general cargo and passenger ship which operated as a coastal steamer off Western Australia from 1930 to 1959. 
General description.
"Koolinda" was built in 1926 by Harland and Wolff of Glasgow, Scotland for the State Shipping Service, and was registered at Fremantle. Her official displacement was , she was 344 feet long, with a beam of 50 feet, and had diesel engines driving two propellers. 
"Koolinda" was used mostly for passenger and general freight transport on coastal routes in Western Australian waters.
In May 1932, "Koolinda" famously narrowly missed seeing two German aviators lost on the Kimberley coastline. The men were eventually found close to death.
In the aftermath of the battle between HMAS "Sydney" and German auxiliary cruiser "Kormoran" in November 1941, the "Koolinda" recovered German sailors from a 31-man lifeboat and returned them to Carnarvon.
"Koolinda" is sometimes confused with another State Ships vessel of a similar design, "Koolama".

</doc>
<doc id="36726493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726493" title="Emperor (film)">
Emperor (film)

Emperor is a 2012 American-Japanese post-World War II film directed by Peter Webber, marking his first film in five years. Tommy Lee Jones and Matthew Fox star in lead roles as General Douglas MacArthur and Brigadier General Bonner Fellers respectively. It is a joint American and Japanese production.
Plot.
Set during the occupation of Japan, Brigadier General Bonner Fellers is tasked by the Supreme Commander for the Allied Powers, General of the Army Douglas MacArthur to investigate the role of Emperor Hirohito in World War II, in order to establish whether he should be tried as a war criminal. Fellers seeks information about his pre-war Japanese girlfriend Aya, seen in flashbacks, who was killed during the war.
Production.
Principal photography began in January 2012 in New Zealand.
Release.
The film premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival and saw a limited release in the United States on March 8, 2013. Both Foster and Jones attended a Japan premiere along with several Japanese actors and actresses on July 18, 2013, preceding its opening in the cinemas nationwide in Japan on July 27.
Reception.
The film received mixed reviews, with a 31% rating based on 86 reviews on review aggregate Rotten Tomatoes, with the consensus 'Despite a typically strong performance from Tommy Lee Jones, Emperor does little with its fascinating historical palate, and is instead bogged down in a cliched romantic subplot.'

</doc>
<doc id="36726538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726538" title="Cloche (tableware)">
Cloche (tableware)

A cloche (from the French for "bell") is a tableware cover, usually made out of silver. 

</doc>
<doc id="36726541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726541" title="Van de Weyer">
Van de Weyer

van de Weyer or Vandeweyer is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36726575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726575" title="Vandi">
Vandi

Vandi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36726587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726587" title="Vandivier">
Vandivier

Vandivier is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36726598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726598" title="Asperger syndrome in popular culture">
Asperger syndrome in popular culture

Asperger syndrome (AS), also known as Asperger's syndrome or Asperger disorder, is an autism spectrum disorder (ASD) that is characterized by significant difficulties in social interaction, alongside restricted and repetitive patterns of behavior and interests. It differs from other autism spectrum disorders by its relative preservation of linguistic and cognitive development. Although not required for diagnosis, physical clumsiness and atypical use of language are frequently reported.
Sheldon Cooper of "The Big Bang Theory".
Sheldon Cooper (Jim Parsons) is a theoretical physicist at Caltech with an IQ of 187. He is noted for his adamant refusal to believe any other human being may match him in intelligence, nitpicking over ostensibly trivial scientific minutiae in his favorite popular culture or in the 'real world', and virtually no socialization. It has been asserted that Sheldon's behavior is consistent with Asperger syndrome, or an Asperger's/OCD co-morbidity, but the writers have stated that they did not use Asperger syndrome as a basis for the character, but instead thought of his actions as "Sheldony". Series co-creator Bill Prady stated: "We write the character as the character. A lot of people see various things in him and make the connections. Our feeling is that Sheldon's mother never got a diagnosis, so we don't have one". Prady also allegedly told Alan Sepinwall of the "New Jersey Star-Ledger" that "calling it Asperger's creates too much of a burden to get the details right."
In an interview, Jim Parsons noted the writers' response, but added that, in his opinion, Sheldon "couldn't display "more" traits" of Asperger's. Parsons, who plays Sheldon on the series, has read John Elder Robison's memoir "Look Me in the Eye" about his life with Asperger syndrome, and said that: "A majority of what I read in that book touched on aspects of Sheldon." He also stated that "the way [Sheldon's] brain works, it's so focused on the intellectual topics at hand that thinking he's autistic is an easy leap for people watching the show to make."
Abed Nadir of "Community".
Abed Nadir (Danny Pudi) is a young, seemingly emotionless, Palestinian/Polish-American pop-culture enthusiast who aspires to become a director. While like Spock, Abed has emotion and sympathy for his new friends, he is very analytical and speaks with a rather detached and emotionless tone, as well as with a distinct straightforwardness lacking a mental filter, leading some of his friends to suspect he has Asperger's. In contrast to "The Big Bang Theory", the mention of Asperger's is explicit: in the first episode, multiple characters voice their hypothesis that Abed meets the criteria for the syndrome.
Will Graham of "Hannibal".
In the pilot episode of "Hannibal", Will Graham (Hugh Dancy) is asked "Where do you fall on the spectrum?" He replies, "My horse is hitched to a post that is closer to Aspergers and Autistics". Later, Hannibal Lecter observes that Graham is "Not fond of eye contact", in reference to gaze aversion. In the ninth episode ("Buffett Froid"), Lecter claims Graham "has too many mirror neurons."
Dr. Spencer Reid of "Criminal Minds".
This character, portrayed by Matthew Gray Gubler, shows numerous traits indicative of Asperger's, namely his lack of social skills and his tendency to ramble about certain topics, among others. As such, he does not do well in social situations, sometimes unintentionally scaring others or causing people to lose hope about their situations. The character shows strong connections with his friends and loved ones and normally gets emotionally hurt when a friend leaves. His strong connection with certain people is also apparent when a love interest whom he had fallen for was murdered in front of him the first time they truly met (having only previously communicated through letters and phone calls due to a stalker), causing him to greive the death more than his boss grieved over the loss of his ex-wife. He also showed a strong connection to a young autistic boy whose parents were kidnapped. Gubler confirmed that the character does, in fact, have Asperger's syndrome, along with possible minor schizophrenia.
Det. Sonya Cross of "The Bridge".
Detective Sonya Cross (Diane Kruger) portrays a character with Asperger's syndrome. While it's not openly stated in the show, Sonya's Aspergers diagnosis is specifically acknowledged by the show's producers. 
Sherlock Holmes, as portrayed by Benedict Cumberbatch in "Sherlock".
Sherlock Holmes as portrayed in the writings of Arthur Conan Doyle has occasionally be described as having traits associated with Aspergers.
The BBC series "Sherlock" explicitly connects their incarnation of the character to Aspergers. The episode The Hounds of Baskerville contains the following exchange: 
River Wyles of "To The Moon".
River Wyles, the wife of Johnny Wyles in To The Moon, is diagnosed with a Pervasive developmental disorder, specifically showing traits of Aspergers, namely her intense interest in lighthouses (one of which she befriends and names Anna), her awkward social skills and her strong connection to her sister Isabella and her husband Johnny while avoiding pretty much everyone else. She often awkwardly changes the subject during socialization and is perceived by many of the characters as a loner and an oddball (of which Johnny admits attracts him to her). Her ability to retain information is also shown during a classroom segment, where the teacher asks her for the date Columbus sailed the ocean and she recites the date, island and founding of the island, much to the teacher's surprise.
Her tendency to take phrases literally is also shown when Johnny asks her out to a movie. After watching and waiting for a while, he sits outside the theater doors to wait for River. Just as he gives up hope, River emerges from the movie to ask where he went to Johnny's surprise. He tells her that he was waiting for her to watch the movie which confuses her and she proclaims that they were both watching the movie together before he left the theater, which makes Johnny laugh.
She is also shown to be somewhat clumsy, tripping over Johnny's feet as they dance in the lighthouse on their wedding night. She's later shown as being unable to express her feelings and thoughts to Johnny and tries to convey them to him by crafting endless paper rabbits, going so far as to color coordinate them to trigger memories rather than simply tell Johnny what she's feeling. 

</doc>
<doc id="36726609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726609" title="Abdul Meniem Al-Toras">
Abdul Meniem Al-Toras

Abdul Meniem Al-Toras is the current Commander of the Egyptian Air Defense Command. He graduated from the military college in 1971, He held most of the notable commands in the Egyptian Air Defense. On 14 August 2012 President Mohamed Morsi Appointed him as the new Commander in Chief of the Egyptian Air Defence command after he dismissed Lt. General Abd El Aziz Seif-Eldeen. He is a member of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces, which was reorganized in September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36726619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726619" title="Aboriginal cultures of Western Australia">
Aboriginal cultures of Western Australia

There has been a wide variety of traditional Aboriginal cultures and languages in Western Australia.
Traditional cultures.
Broadly it has been found that traditional Aboriginal cultures can be linked to major Drainage Basins and to the IBRA system of Interim Biogeographic Regionalisation for Australia. Thus the Noongar people, occupying the South Western Coastal Division Number VI, circumcising cultures of the Yamatji people are associated with the Indian Ocean Division Number VII, the Kimberley peoples with the Timor Sea Division Number VIII and the Desert Groups of the Interior are associated with the Western Plateau Division Number VIII. Within these broad areas of cultural similarity smaller traditional cultures were closely adapted to the requirements of a bioregion, as it was from these sites that Aboriginal people drew their sustenance. Thus for example, the Binjareb people took their name from Binjar, a Noongar word meaning "wetland" and made extensive use of these and the surrounding tuart banksia woodlands of the Perth Coastal Plain. Throughout Western Australia, Aboriginal people were not just passive recipients of the bounty of these natural environments, but actively took a role in the creation and maintenance of these biogeographic regions, through hunting practices, firestick farming, fish trapping and other means that broadly maintained the flora and fauna of their region.
Post-contact cultures.
Aboriginal traditional cultures have been greatly impacted since the settlement of Australia by Europeans. During the late 19th and early 20th century it was assumed that Australian Aborigines were a dying race, and would eventually disappear. Aboriginal populations in Western Australia did decline until the 1930s, after which time numbers have increased. Today, all Aboriginal cultures have been impacted by degrees of marginalisation and exclusion from participation in the dominant culture of Australia. This has resulted in higher than average rates of infant mortality, and lower rates of life expectancy, education and employment.

</doc>
<doc id="36726621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726621" title="Vidar Busk">
Vidar Busk

Vidar Busk (born 19 May 1970 in Langesund, Norway) is a Norwegian guitarist, vocalist, composer and record producer within genres blues and soul.
Career.
Busk grew up in Langesund, but went to USA when 15 years old, to play with the American blues artist Rock Bottom. He toured the U.S. several years before returning to Norway in 1990, and was awarded "Smugetprisen" 1994. Later he was awarded two times Spellemannprisen, as This year's artist in 1998 and in the blues/country class in 2003.
Busk played at Moldejazz 2011, 16 years after the formation of "His True Believers".

</doc>
<doc id="36726630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726630" title="Puthiya Theerangal">
Puthiya Theerangal

Puthiya Theerangal (Malayalam: പുതിയ തീരങ്ങള്‍; English: "The" "New Shores") is a 2012 Indian Malayalam film directed by Sathyan Anthikad, produced by Anto Joseph, and written by Benny P Nayarambalam. It stars Nedumudi Venu, Namitha Pramod and Nivin Pauly in the lead roles. The music is composed by Ilaiyaraaja. The film was a box office failure, a first for Sathyan Anthikad after long years of consistent box office successes.
Plot.
The film is happening by the seaside.The story is focused on the life of a young girl named Thamara, who lives on her own at the shore, after the death of her parents. Sometime later she finds an old man and she feels like having got her father back. The story dwells on the bond between the two and how that changes in the presence of the few new people who land up and start to live on the banks of the sea.
Production.
Puthiya Theerangal is produced by Anto Joseph under the banner of Aan Mega Media and scripted by Benny P Nayarambalam. Audiography was done by M. R. Rajakrishnan .
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack will be composed by Ilaiyaraaja, with lyrics penned by Kaithapram. The album consists of three songs. The audio rights of the film were acquired by Mathrubhumi Music. The album was launched on 9 September 2012 at Kochi. The soundtrack received generally positive reviews from music critics. "Rajagopuram" song was widely appreciated and the pick of the album.
Reception.
"Puthiya Theerangal" received mixed reviews upon release with most critics complaining that it is a typical Sathyan Anthikad film with nothing new to offer. Sify.com gives the verdict "Disappointing" and says, ""Puthiya Theerangal" has nothing new about it and ends up as a meek affair. With clichéd situations and half-baked characters, the film is a lazy effort from one of Kerala’s most popular directors ever." Paresh C Palicha of Rediff.com says "Puthiya Theerangal" has some good performances but in the end it leaves us with mixed feelings. He rated the film . Oneindia.in was somewhat impressed with the film. In a review which rates the film , its critic comments that the film "spells the same 'Sathyan Anthikkad' magic". it.flopped

</doc>
<doc id="36726647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726647" title="RimZim">
RimZim

RimZim is a brand of masala (mixed spice) soda currently owned and marketed by Coca-Cola in India. The brand was originally part of Parle Agro since its launch in the 1980s and was sold to Coca-Cola along with Thums Up, Limca, Citra and Gold Spot to Coca-Cola in 1993. Apart from Thums Up and Limca, the rest of the Parle brands were withdrawn from the market by its new owners. In 2012, Coca-Cola announced that it was reviving RimZim for the North India market where it had a strong base when withdrawn.

</doc>
<doc id="36726648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726648" title="Vanegas (surname)">
Vanegas (surname)

Vanegas is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36726671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726671" title="Cubic Zirconia (band)">
Cubic Zirconia (band)

Cubic Zirconia are an American electronic dance music trio from East Village, New York City composed of Tiombe Lockhart, Nick Hook and Daud Sturdivant. They have been noted for their energetic live performances and experimental sound, which combines elements from such genres as Chicago house music, neo-soul, rock and electro-funk.
History.
The group was formed in the fall of 2008, when Men Women & Children keyboardist Nick Hook met singer Tiombe Lockhart at a sake bar he worked at. The pair became friends and decided to work on music together. They were joined by keyboardist/percussionist Daud Sturdivant, who worked at the same bar, and Hook's then-bandmate guitarist Todd Weinstock to form Cubic Zirconia. The first release from the group arrived on June 22, 2009 in the form of "Fuck Work" EP and featured the likes of Dâm-Funk, Dances with White Girls and Nacho Lovers remixing the title track. Later that year Weinstock left Cubic Zirconia to produce other artists as part of Social Security and play guitar in Hussle Club and Gina and The Eastern Block. The remaining members of the group spent the late 2009 recording their debut album in Los Angeles. In 2010 Cubic Zirconia released singles "Josephine", "Black & Blue" and "Hoes Come Out at Night" on their own label Don't Cry Recordings, and announced that their debut full-length record, entitled "Follow Your Heart" would be released in February 2011 via LuckyMe Records. After a few months of release delays, Cubic Zirconia confirmed that they were now signed with Fool's Gold Records, who released the album on September 20, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36726672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726672" title="2012 Olympic hunger summit">
2012 Olympic hunger summit

The 2012 Olympic hunger summit was an international gathering on 12 August, the closing day of the 2012 Summer Olympics, held at 10 Downing Street London. The event was organised largely by the Department for International Development. It was co-hosted by Britain's prime minister, David Cameron, and by Brazil's vice president Michel Temer. The summit was attended by several high-profile athletes and by delegates from various national governments, the United Nations, NGOs and from the private sector.
Since World War II, there had been uneven but substantial progress in reducing the number of people suffering from hunger. Yet in 2007, this progress was thrown into reverse, with the numbers rising as a result of lasting inflation to the price of food. The purpose of the summit was to raise awareness and activity in tackling the problem of world hunger and to announce various concrete initiatives. The event was broadly though cautiously welcomed by aid agencies. It is part of a wider international intensification of efforts to address the problem of hunger.
Background.
The Summit is part of a series of international efforts which have sought to respond to the "return of hunger" 
as a high-profile global issue. While the problem of hunger had always remained a pressing concern for hundreds of millions of people, the previous few decades leading up to 2007 had seen considerable progress in reducing the number of people suffering from the condition. The Green Revolution of the 1960s and 70s had helped propagate improved agricultural technology throughout the world. Progress had been uneven, yet the years that followed generally saw a reduction in the number of people suffering from hunger both as a percentage of the total world population and even in absolute terms. At the turn of the century, estimates from the World Bank suggested that the numbers suffering from chronic hunger had been reduced to close to 800 million, and the Millennium Development Goals included a commitment to achieve a further 50% reduction by 2015. By 2008 it was apparent that meeting this goal would be challenging - the numbers suffering from hunger had stopped falling, rising due to the lasting global inflation in the price of food which began in late 2006. In 2008, a "global food crisis" saw food riots breaking out in dozens of countries, with governments toppled in Haiti and Madagascar. By 2009, World Bank figures suggested the numbers suffering from chronic hunger had increaed to just over a billion. Since the "L'Aquila Food Security Initiative" which was launched at the July 2009 G8 Summit, hunger has remained a high-profile issue among the leaders of the advanced economies. 2009 also saw the lunch of the UN's Scaling Up Nutrition (SUN) programme, which has developed into a global movement led principally by developing nations. SUN aims to address the issue of nutrition as well as raw hunger. As a response to the global food crises which began in 2007, some regions have raised production of drought and pest resistant crops such as Cassava. While good for providing raw calories, the crop has limited nutritional value and some strains even have anti-nutritional factors if not cooked properly. Millions of children who do not receive adequate nutrition are at risk of permanent stunted growth, even if they are eating a normal amount of calories. The second "global food crisis" of the 21st century began in late 2010; the 2011 East Africa drought followed shortly afterwards. By mid-2012, the 2012 US drought and a weak Indian monsoon had raised fears of a possible third global food crisis.
David Cameron announced his intention to hold the "Olympic hunger summit" in May 2012, a few days after President Barack Obama had launched the "new alliance for food security and nutrition" at the 2012 G8 Summit. British NGOs such as ONE and Save the children had expressed the view that it would be good if Mr Cameron could contribute to the international momentum building to tackle hunger and malnutrition; Britain is due to assume the presidency of the G8 in 2013. Just prior to the summit, Cameron was further urged to do this by a group of athletes in an open letter.
Announcements.
A commitment was made to reduce the number of children left stunted by malnourishment by as much as 25 million prior to the 2016 Olympics, with the EU alone taking responsibility for reducing the number by 7 million. India is doubling their budget for improving nutrition and health, which could affect 100 million women and children. The Children's Investment Fund Foundation announced a multi-million pound annual investment to reduce stunting and malnutrition.
The UN's World Food Programme is to provide assistance for Rwandan farmers to grow iron-rich beans for emergency food relief. Private sector companies including Unilever, Syngenta and GSK undertook to improving the affordability of nutritious food in poor regions. Britain will fund research into crops that are both drought-resistant and rich in nutrients, as well as research into nutritious seeds and tubers, such as the sweet potato.
Reception.
The summit has been broadly welcomed by aid agencies. Justin Forsyth, CEO of "Save the Children", wrote that the boost provided by the summit to the fight against hunger could turn out to be the "real legacy" of the 2012 games. Molly Kinder, director for Agriculture and European policy at ONE, told The Guardian she was impressed with the substantive nature of the Summit's outcome, and especially with the EU committing to a specific target, something they rarely do. There has however been concern that the partnerships with big private sector players may distract from the role other large Corporations sometimes have in aggravating hunger, by manipulating global markets to their advantage, and in some cases by purchasing large areas of land in African countries and then driving small holders from their farms. George Monbiot says the summit may distract from the West's role in worsening hunger by setting targets that cause arable lands to be used to produce bio fuel instead of food. Writing just before the summit, British Food bank network "The Trussell Trust" warned that attention is also needed for the growing problem of domestic hunger within Britain, where millions are now suffering from food insecurity.

</doc>
<doc id="36726675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726675" title="João Paulo Bravo">
João Paulo Bravo

João Paulo Pereira Bravo (born January 7, 1979 in Tokat) is a Brazilian volleyball player. He is 192 cm and plays as Wing spiker.
Bravo began his volleyball career in Brazil, where he won an award in 2000 as the most promising young player in the country. In 2002, Bravo transferred to the Belgian team Noliko Maaseik, where he not only was chosen the most valuable player in the country, but also experienced league and cup championships. He transferred to the Italian team Piacenza in 2005, and played in the Italian 1st league for five seasons, including one year for Vibo Valentia. With Piacenza, Bravo experienced championships in the Italian league, Italian Cup and the Europe Top Teams Cup. In 2008, he was chosen the best server in the European Champions League.

</doc>
<doc id="36726694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726694" title="Vanemerak">
Vanemerak

Vanemerak is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36726699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726699" title="Fault reporting">
Fault reporting

Fault reporting is a maintenance concept that increases operational availability and that reduces operating cost through three mechanisms.
This is a prerequisite for Condition-based maintenance.
Active redundancy can be integrated with fault reporting to reduce down time to a few minutes per year.
History.
Formal maintenance philosophies are required by organizations who's primary responsibility is to ensure systems are ready when expected, such as space agencies and military.
Labor-intensive planned maintenance began during the rise of the industrial revolution. This depends upon periodic diagnostic evaluation based upon calendar dates, distance, or use. The intent is to accomplish diagnostic evaluations that indicate when maintenance is required to prevent inconvenience and safety issues that will occur when critical equipment failures occur during use.
The electronic revolution allowed inexpensive sensors and controls to be integrated into most equipment. This includes diagnostic indicators, fluid sensors, temperature sensors, ignition sensors, exhaust monitoring, voltage sensors, and similar monitoring equipment that indicates when maintenance is required. Sensor displays are often located in inaccessible locations that cannot be observed during normal operation. Labor-intensive periodic maintenance is often required to inspect indicators.
Some organizations have eliminated most labor-intensive periodic maintenance and diagnostic down time by implementing designs that bring all sensor status to fault indicators located in close proximity to users.
Principle.
Maintenance requires three actions.
Fault discovery requires diagnostic maintenance, which requires system down time and labor costs.
Down time and cost requirements associated with diagnostics are eliminated for every item that satisfies the following criteria.
Implementation.
Fault reporting is an optional feature that can be forwarded to remote displays using simple configuration setting in all modern computing equipment. The system level of reporting that is appropriate for Condition Based Maintenance are critical, alert, and emergency, which indicate software termination due to failure. Specific failure reporting, like interface failure, can be integrated into applications linked with these reporting systems. There is no development cost if these are incorporated into designs.
Other kinds of fault reporting involves painting green, yellow, and red zones onto temperature gages, pressure gages, flow gages, vibration sensors, strain gages, and similar sensors. Remote viewing can be implemented using a video camera.
Benefits.
The historical approach for Fault discovery is periodic diagnostic testing, which eliminates the following operational availability p\ Availability \ Reduction = \frac{ Total \ Time }{Total \ Time + Maintenance \ Down \ Time } </math>
Fault reporting eliminates maintenance costs associated manual diagnostic testing.
Labor is eliminated in redundant designs by using using the fault discovery and fault isolation functions to automatically reconfigure equipment for degraded operation.
Maintenance savings can be re-allocated to upgrades and improvements that increase organizational competitiveness.
Detriments.
Faults that do not trigger a sustained requirement for fault isolation and fault recovery actions should not be displayed for management action.
As an example, lighting up a fault indicator in situations where human intervention is not required will induce breakage by causing maintenance personnel to perform work when nothing is already broken.
As another example, enabling fault reporting for Internet network packet delivery failure will increase network loading when the network is already busy, and that will cause total network outage.

</doc>
<doc id="36726705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726705" title="Vanendert">
Vanendert

Vanendert is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36726713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726713" title="Māori Braille">
Māori Braille

Māori Braille is the braille alphabet of the Māori language. It takes the letter "wh" from English Braille, and has an additional letter to mark long vowels. (Hawaiian Braille uses the same convention for its long vowels.) When Unified English Braille was adopted by New Zealand, it was determined that Māori Braille was compatible, and would continue to be used unchanged.
The following letters and digraphs are therefore used beyond the letters of the basic Latin alphabet:
"Ng" is written , as in print.
Punctuation is as in English Braille.

</doc>
<doc id="36726719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726719" title="Vanetta">
Vanetta

Vanetta may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36726737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726737" title="BYD Distributed Energy Storage System">
BYD Distributed Energy Storage System

BYD DESS stands for BYD Distributed Energy Storage System, a new energy power solution provided by BYD, which can be used grid interactive and stand alone. It is an integrated ultra-fast AC transfer switch guarantees that even sensitive back-up loads, like computers, never know when a utility outage occurs. The bi-directional inverter is expected to provide high quality true sine waveform power for the load. And the working mode of the DESS can be selected and adjusted to meet different requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="36726747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726747" title="Ngata people">
Ngata people

Ngata people are Bantus from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Central Africa.
Etymology.
Ngatas are mentioned under various names in various sources. These include the following ones: Ngatas, Wangata.

</doc>
<doc id="36726750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726750" title="Will Packwood">
Will Packwood

William James "Will" Packwood (born May 21, 1993) is an American soccer player who plays for Birmingham City. He plays as a defender or defensive midfielder. He made his first-team debut for Birmingham in August 2012 in the Football League Cup, and played in several Football League Championship matches before suffering a severe leg injury in January 2013 which kept out of football for several months. After his recovery he spent time on loan to League Two club Bristol Rovers. Packwood has represented the United States in international football at levels up to under-20.
Personal life.
Packwood was born in Concord, Massachusetts, to an English father and an American mother. He attended the Nashoba Brooks School and the Fenn School prior to moving to England in August 2007, where he attended Bromsgrove School.
Club career.
Packwood joined Birmingham City's youth academy in August 2007, at age 14 years. He progressed through the academy teams, playing for the U18s and Reserves while still a schoolboy, and eventually captaining the U18s in the 2010–11 season. In July 2011, Packwood signed his first professional contract, a two-year contract expiring in July 2013.
In the absence through injury of Stephen Carr and Jonathan Spector, Packwood made his first-team debut on August 14, 2012, starting at right-back in the first round League Cup match against Barnet. He kept his place for the opening match of the 2012–13 Football League season, a 1–1 draw at home to Charlton Athletic. Packwood was carried off the field after sustaining multiple fractures to his tibia and fibula after landing awkwardly from an apparently innocuous aerial challenge during the second half of an FA Cup tie at Leeds United on January 5, 2013. He underwent two surgical procedures in the days after the injury, and his recovery time was estimated at between nine and twelve months. Despite his injury, Packwood's contract was extended for a further year, until the summer of 2014.
Packwood returned to competitive action after less than eight months out, playing the first half of Birmingham's Professional Development League match on August 26. He played a few more times for the development squad, and on October 17 joined League Two (fourth-tier) Bristol Rovers on loan for a month, to improve his match fitnesss. He made his debut two days later, winning the man-of-the-match award, in a 1–0 loss at home to Wycombe Wanderers. After four matches – he missed Rovers' FA Cup win because Birmingham did not want him cup-tied – the loan was extended until January 11, 2014, on condition that he could be recalled at 24 hours' notice. He played four more matches before Birmingham lost left-back Mitch Hancox to injury, and with fellow defenders Paul Robinson and Dan Burn nearing possible suspensions, Packwood was recalled on December 11.
He returned to Birmingham's first team on January 25, winning the man-of-the-match award in a 2-1 home loss against Swansea City in the fourth round of the FA Cup. He became a regular selection at center-back, and his performances earned him the award of Football League Young Player of the Month for February 2014.
Packwood signed a new one-year contract with the option of a further year, on 26 June 2014.
International career.
In 2009, Packwood was a member of the United States U17 national team that participated in the FIFA U-17 World Cup in Nigeria. He played for the under-20 national team at the Dallas Cup in March 2010, on a tour to Uruguay and Chile in June 2012 and at the Marbella Cup in October 2012. Packwood was also part of the United States under-18 team for the Milk Cup in Northern Ireland in July 2011.
Packwood received his first call up to the senior squad for a March 5, 2014 friendly against Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="36726789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726789" title="Osama El-Gendi">
Osama El-Gendi

Osama El-Gendi was born in 1953. He graduated from the Naval Academy in Alexandria in 1975.
On 14 August 2012 President Mohamed Morsi appointed him as the Commander of the Egyptian Navy after dismissing Vice Admiral Mohab Mamish

</doc>
<doc id="36726792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726792" title="ActoBiotics">
ActoBiotics

ActoBiotics (a registered trademark) consist of food-grade bacteria (Lactococcus lactis), genetically engineered to synthesize and secrete therapeutic proteins and peptides in situ. ActoBiotics are delivered to patients via oral administration instead of injection, and specifically target receptors and cells localized in gastrointestinal (GI) tissues. The selective and targeted delivery to GI receptors, may increase efficacy combined with a more favorable side effect profile.
ActoBiotics are developed by ActoGeniX, a biopharmaceutical company based in Ghent, Belgium. ActoBiotics are formulated as oral capsules. 
A scientific article by L. Steidler stated: "ActoBiotics represent a novel class of orally administered and locally acting biopharmaceuticals." ActoBiotics display significant competitive advantages over first and second generation pharma products (conventional chemical drugs and biologicals respectively).
ActoGeniX’s lead product, AG013, is an ActoBiotic for the treatment of oral mucositis. In May 2009, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved ActoGeniX’s IND application, allowing the company to initiate a phase 1B clinical trial with AG013 in cancer patients at risk of developing oral mucositis. This clinical study has been recently finalized. AG013 was proven to be safe and well tolerated. Analysis of initial efficacy showed a 35% reduction of the percentage of days with ulcerative oral mucositis in the AG013-treated patients versus the placebo-treated patients. Furthermore, close to 30% of the patients treated with AG013 were full responders while all placebo-treated patients developed ulcerative oral mucositis.
A press release by the University of Leuven stated: "In April 2012, Prof. Chantal Mathieu and her team at the University Hospital of Leuven announced a potential major breakthrough in the treatment of Type 1 diabetes using the drug. The ActoBiotic can stably reinstate normal glucose levels in Type 1 diabetic mice. This strategy was without side effects and can now be further developed for human application." The "Journal of Clinical Investigation" published the results of the study.
Indications.
ActoBiotics focus on areas with unmet need in gastrointestinal, immunological and metabolic diseases:
Production.
ActoBiotics are produced by conventional bacterial fermentation, followed by freeze-drying. The lyophilized powder is then formulated into capsules for oral administration.
Administration.
ActoBiotics are generally formulated in capsules or an oral rinsing form for oral administration.

</doc>
<doc id="36726820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726820" title="Carlo Sposito">
Carlo Sposito

Carlo Sposito (1 May 1924 – 9 September 1984) was an Italian character actor, sometimes credited as Carletto Sposito.
Born in Palermo, he was among the most active actors in the post-war Italian genre cinema. He was also pretty active on stage, radio and television. 
He died at 60 of myocardial infarction, in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="36726826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726826" title="Top Dog Model">
Top Dog Model

Top Dog Model is a British entertainment series broadcast on ITV2, which began airing in September 2012. The show is produced by 12 Yard. The judging panel consists of head judge Stacey Solomon, Lilah Parsons and Addison Witt. "Britain's Got Talent" winners Ashleigh and Pudsey feature in various episodes, demonstrating tasks and offering advice to the contestants. 
Format.
The show will aim to find Britain's next talented canine, that will star in an ad campaign for household product "Cif PowerPro Naturals".
Series 1 (2012).
The first series of "Top Dog Model" began on 5 September 2012 and aired for six episodes. It concluded on 10 October 2012.
Results summary.
Colour key:
Episode summary.
Episode viewing figures from BARB.

</doc>
<doc id="36726836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726836" title="Christian Beisel">
Christian Beisel

Christian Beisel (born 8 December 1982) is a German footballer who plays for FC 08 Homburg.

</doc>
<doc id="36726847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726847" title="Mont Saint-Quentin Australian war memorial">
Mont Saint-Quentin Australian war memorial

Mont Saint-Quentin Australian war memorial, located in Mont Saint-Quentin region of Picardy, is an Australian First World War memorial.
The Australian Second Division has a war memorial on the road from Bapaume to Péronne. It is the only one of the five Australian division memorials initiated by members of the division. The base was erected in 1925. It has bronze bas-reliefs by May Butler-George of men hauling and pushing a gun and of men advancing with bayoneted rifles and hand-grenades. It had on its top an Australian soldier thrusting his bayonet through a German eagle. The sculptor was Charles Web Gilbert.
However, in 1940, German soldiers smashed the memorial. A replacement statue by Stanley Hammond of a thoughtful Australian soldier looking down was erected in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="36726853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726853" title="Natural genetic engineering">
Natural genetic engineering

Natural genetic engineering (NGE) is a class of process proposed by molecular biologist James Shapiro to account for novelty created in the course of biological evolution. Shapiro developed this work in several peer-reviewed publications and later in his book "Evolution: A View from the 21st Century". He uses NGE to account for several proposed counterexamples to the central dogma of molecular biology (the subsequently partly rejected proposal of 1970 that the direction of the flow of sequence information is only from DNA to DNA or DNA to RNA to proteins, and never the reverse). Shapiro drew from work as diverse as the adaptivity of the mammalian immune system, ciliate macronuclei and epigenetics. The work gained some measure of notoriety after being championed by proponents of Intelligent Design, despite Shapiro's explicit repudiation of that movement.
Concept.
Shapiro first laid out his ideas of natural genetic engineering in 1992 and has continued to develop them in both the primary scientific literature and in work directed to wider audiences, culminating in the 2011 publication of "Evolution: A View from the 21st Century".
Natural genetic engineering is a reaction against the modern synthesis and the central dogma of molecular biology. The modern synthesis was formulated before the elucidation of the double-helix structure of DNA and the establishment of molecular biology in its current status of prominence. Given what was known at the time a simple, powerful model of genetic change through undirected mutation (loosely described as "random") and natural selection, was seen as sufficient to explain evolution as observed in nature. With the discovery of the nature and roles of nucleic acids in genetics, this model prompted Francis Crick's so-called Central Dogma of Molecular Biology: "information cannot be transferred back from protein to either protein or nucleic acid."
Shapiro points out that multiple cellular systems can affect DNA in response to specific environmental stimuli. These "directed" changes stand in contrast to both the undirected mutations in the modern synthesis and (in Shapiro's interpretation) the ban on information flowing from the environment into the genome.
In the 1992 Genetica paper that introduced the concept, Shapiro begins by listing three lessons from molecular genetics:
From these, Shapiro concludes:
t can be argued that much of genome change in evolution results from a genetic engineering process utilizing the biochemical systems for mobilizing and reorganizing DNA structures present in living cells.
Relation with Intelligent Design.
In a 1997 Boston Review article, Shapiro lists
four categories of discoveries made in molecular biology that, in his
estimation, are not adequately accounted for by the Modern Synthesis: genome organization, cellular repair capabilities, mobile genetic elements and cellular information processing. Shapiro concludes:
What significance does an emerging interface between biology and information
science hold for thinking about evolution? It opens up the possibility of
addressing scientifically rather than ideologically the central issue so hotly
contested by fundamentalists on both sides of the Creationist-Darwinist debate:
Is there any guiding intelligence at work in the origin of species displaying
exquisite adaptations that range from lambda prophage repression and the Krebs
cycle through the mitotic apparatus and the eye to the immune system, mimicry,
and social organization?
Within the context of the article in particular and Shapiro's work on Natural
Genetic Engineering in general, the "guiding intelligence" is to be found
within the cell. (For example, in a Huffington Post essay entitled
Cell Cognition and Cell Decision-Making Shapiro
defines cognitive actions as those that are "knowledge-based and involve decisions appropriate
to acquired information," arguing that cells meet this criteria.) However,
the combination of disagreement with the Modern Synthesis and discussion of
a creative intelligence has brought his work to the attention of advocates
of Intelligent Design.
Natural genetic engineering has been cited as a legitimate scientific controversy (in contrast to the controversies raised by various branches of creationism). While Shapiro considers the questions raised by Intelligent Design to be interesting, he parts ways with creationists by considering these problems to be scientifically tractable (specifically by understanding how NGE plays a role in the evolution of novelty).
With the publication of "Evolution: A View from the 21st Century",
Shapiro's work again came under discussion in the Intelligent design community.
In a conversation with Shapiro, William Dembski asked for Shapiro's
thoughts on the origins of natural genetic engineering systems. Shapiro replied that "where they come from in the first place is not a question we can realistically answer right now."
While Dembski sees this position as at least not inconsistent with Intelligent
Design, Shapiro has explicitly and repeatedly rejected both creationism in
general and Intelligent Design in particular.
Criticism.
While Shapiro developed NGE in the peer-reviewed literature, the idea attracted far more attention when he summarized his work in his book "Evolution: A View from the 21st Century".
Shapiro responded to the review in "Evolutionary Intelligence".

</doc>
<doc id="36726866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726866" title="Dendrophylliidae">
Dendrophylliidae

The Dendrophylliidae are a family of stony corals. The World Register of Marine Species includes these genera in the family:

</doc>
<doc id="36726868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726868" title="Ağzıdelik, Tarsus">
Ağzıdelik, Tarsus

Ağzıdelik is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) plains to the west of Berdan River. The distance to Tarsus is and the distance to Mersin is . The population of Ağzıdelik is 210 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36726876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726876" title="Akarsu, Tarsus">
Akarsu, Tarsus

Akarsu is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) plains at the east bank of Berdan River. The distance to Tarsus is and the distance to Mersin is . The population of Akarsu is 431 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36726877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726877" title="Graham Kennedy (rugby league)">
Graham Kennedy (rugby league)

Graham Kennedy (1939 - 2002) was a New Zealand rugby league player and coach who represented his country.
Early years.
Kennedy attended Marist Brothers High School where he played in the first eleven and first fifteen. He twice made the Schoolboy Kiwis side.
Kennedy then attended teachers college in Christchurch, where he played two seasons of rugby union and made the Canterbury Colts side.
Playing career.
He played rugby league for the Marist club in the West Coast Rugby League competition and also represented the West Coast. He was a South Island representative between 1959 and 1965.
Kennedy also played for the New Zealand Kiwis, playing in 64 games, including 21 tests between 1961 and 1966. He played four matches as captain of the Kiwis.
In 1963, he won the New Zealand Rugby League's player of the year award.
While in Greymouth, Kennedy taught at his old school and Grey Main School. He was the first lay principal of Christian Brothers High School.
Coaching career.
In 1967, Kennedy moved to Australia, becoming the player-coach of the Wagga Kangaroos in the Group 9 Rugby League competition. He became a respected coach, in 1980 Kennedy was only one of three to hold the top NSWRL grading outside of Sydney.
He taught at St Michael's Regional High School in Wagga Wagga for 27 years before becoming the principal of St Dominic's College, Penrith in 1994, serving until his death in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36726888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726888" title="Akçakocalı, Tarsus">
Akçakocalı, Tarsus

Akçakocalı is a small village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) plains at the north bank of Berdan Dam reservoir. The distance to Tarsus is and the distance to Mersin is . The population of Akçakocalı is 74 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36726901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726901" title="Aladağ, Tarsus">
Aladağ, Tarsus

Aladağ is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) plains to the east of Turkish state highway . The distance to Tarsus is and the distance to Mersin is . The population of Aladağ is 263 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36726903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726903" title="David Richardson (Florida politician)">
David Richardson (Florida politician)

David Richardson (born April 25, 1957) is a Democratic member of the Florida House of Representatives, representing the 113th District, which includes parts of downtown Miami, Miami Beach, and North Bay Village, since 2012.
History.
Richardson was born in Houston, Texas, and moved to Florida in 1968, where he attended Lyman High School in Longwood. After graduation, he attended the University of Central Florida, where he received his Bachelor of Science degree in biology in 1979 and his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration degree in accountancy in 1983. He then attended the University of Tampa while he worked for the United States Department of Defense as an auditor, receiving his Master of Business Administration in 1987. Richardson then worked for Ernest & Young as an accountant before starting his own advisory services firm.
Florida House of Representatives.
In 2012, following the reconfiguration of the state's legislative districts and following the resignation of State Representative Richard L. Steinberg due to stalking and harassment charges, an open seat was created in the 113th District. Richardson opted to run, and faced Mark Weithorn, the husband of Miami Beach City Commissioner Deede Weithorn; Adam Kravitz, the founder of JDate; and Waldo Faura in the Democratic primary. He emerged narrowly victorious over his opponents, receiving 33% of the vote to Weithorn's 26%, Kravitz's 24%, and Faura's 16%, and advanced to the general election, where he did not face an opponent and was elected unopposed. His victory in the general election, along with the victory of Joe Saunders that same year, allowed both Richardson and Saunders to be the first openly gay members of the state legislature.
During the 2013 legislative session, Richardson authored legislation that would appoint an Inspector General to look over the affairs of the Citizens Property Insurance Corporation, declaring, "After learning of severe managerial shortcomings at Citizens, including reports of lavish spending on travel, reports of severance packages for employees with abuse charges, and unprofessional behavior of staff, I immediately recognized the need for stronger state oversight." When Darryl Rouson, who was set to serve as the Democratic floor leader in the Florida House of Representatives for the 2014-2016 legislative term, created an independent fundraising committee independent of the state party apparatus, Richardson called for Rouson to resign from his position in a letter sent to members of the caucus. Richardson ended up making a motion to "vacate" Rouson's position, which was seconded and then passed, resulting in a new election for the position.

</doc>
<doc id="36726908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726908" title="Aliağa, Tarsus">
Aliağa, Tarsus

Alliağa is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) plains to the east of Karabucak Forest. The distance to Tarsus is and the distance to Mersin is . The population of Aliaga is 708 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36726910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726910" title="Pauline Sillett">
Pauline Sillett

Pauline Sillett (born 22 April 1949 in Bury, Greater Manchester) is a retired British freestyle swimmer who participated in the 1964 Summer Olympics. She also won two bronze medals at the 1966 European Aquatics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36726921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726921" title="Altopedaliodes">
Altopedaliodes

Type species by original designation "Pronophila tena" Hewitson, 1869.
There are 10 recognised species in the Neotropics, including 1 undescribed species. 

</doc>
<doc id="36726938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726938" title="ALCAPA">
ALCAPA

ALCAPA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36726956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726956" title="Veturilo">
Veturilo

Veturilo is a public bicycle sharing system in Warsaw, Poland, launched on 1 August 2012 with 55 stations and 1000 bicycles in 3 districts - Śródmieście (city centre), Bielany and Ursynów, 2 other stations started operating in the middle of August in Wilanów. It is the biggest public bicycle sharing system in Poland.
Name.
The name Veturilo was chosen in an internet contest. It is an Esperanto word meaning "vehicle". Internet users submitted nearly a thousand proposals, and a jury chose a short-list of six. In the next step, during an internet vote, users chose the name Veturilo (with 32% of votes); other proposals were: Wawabike (26%), Ziuuu (12%), Rowerynka (12%), Bajker (11%) and Wabik (6%).
System.
Bicycles are available for 9 months of the year, from 1 March to 30 November. In order to use the system, users need to register and pay a 10 zł initial fee. The first 20 minutes of the ride are free of charge, longer rides cost at least 1 zł. A bicycle can be used for up to 12 hours, there is a 200 zł fee for exceeding this limit, and after 13 hours the operator can report the bicycle as stolen to the police. The fee for the theft, loss or destruction of a bicycle is 2000 zł.
The Veturilo is compatible with Bemowo Bike, a bicycle sharing system in the Bemowo district.

</doc>
<doc id="36726960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726960" title="Afghanistan men's national volleyball team">
Afghanistan men's national volleyball team

The Afghanistan men's national volleyball team represents Afghanistan in international volleyball competitions and friendly matches. The team is currently ranked 114th in the world.
Squad.
Afghanistan has 18 National Volleyball players.

</doc>
<doc id="36726968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726968" title="New Zealand men's national volleyball team">
New Zealand men's national volleyball team

The New Zealand men's national volleyball team represents New Zealand in international volleyball competitions and friendly matches. The team is currently ranked 84th in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="36726975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726975" title="Mirjana Šegrt">
Mirjana Šegrt

Mirjana Šegrt (born 13 April 1950 in Dubrovnik) is a retired Croatian freestyle and butterfly swimmer who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics for Yugoslavia. She was fifth in the 200 m and seventh in 100 m freestyle events. She also won three silver medals at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36726976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726976" title="Operational availability">
Operational availability

Operational Availability is a management concept that evaluates the following.
Any failed item that is not corrected will induce operational failure. formula_1 is used to evaluate that risk. Operational failure is unacceptable in any situation where the following can occur.
History.
Aircraft systems, ship systems, missile systems, and space systems have a large number of failure modes that must be addressed with limited resources.
Formal reliability modeling during development is required to prioritize resource allocation before operation begins. Estimated failure rates and logistics delay are used to identify the number of forward positioned spare parts required to avoid excessive down time. This is also used to justify the expense associated with redundancy.
Formal availability measurement is used during operation to prioritize management decisions involving upgrade resource allocation, manpower allocation, and spare parts planning.
Principle.
Operational availability is used to evaluate the following performance characteristic.
The following data is collected for maintenance actions while in operation to prioritize corrective funding.
This data is applied to the reliability block diagram to evaluate individual availability reduction contributions using the following formulas.
Redundant items do not contribute to availability reduction unless all of the redundant components fail simultaneously.
Operational Availability is the overall availability considering each of these contributions.

</doc>
<doc id="36726977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726977" title="Mark Rendell">
Mark Rendell

Mark Rendell is a cyclist from New Zealand.
At the 1994 Commonwealth Games at Victoria he won a gold medal in the road race and a bronze medal in the team time trial.

</doc>
<doc id="36726982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726982" title="Andreas Gaebler">
Andreas Gaebler

Andreas Gaebler (born April 17, 1984) is a German footballer who plays for FC Homburg.

</doc>
<doc id="36726986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726986" title="Indonesia men's national volleyball team">
Indonesia men's national volleyball team

The Indonesia men's national volleyball team represents Indonesia in international volleyball competitions and friendly matches. The team is currently ranked 50th in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="36726990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726990" title="Perugu Ramakrishna">
Perugu Ramakrishna

Perugu Ramakrishna (born 27 May 1960) is an Indian poet and writer. He has written 4 books of poetry and 2 books of short-stories. He wrote a long poem in English named Flemingo.
Awards.
he is best literary organiser than a mere writer

</doc>
<doc id="36726994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36726994" title="Qatar men's national volleyball team">
Qatar men's national volleyball team

The Qatar men's national volleyball team represents Qatar in international volleyball competitions and friendly matches. The team is currently ranked 53rd in the world.

</doc>
