<doc id="36774973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774973" title="A Profitable Position">
A Profitable Position

A Profitable Position ("Dokhodnoye mesto", Доходное место) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky. It was first published in #1, January 1857 issue of "Russkaya Beseda" and came out as a separate edition later that year. It was banned from being produced on Imperial theatre stage and was premiered only six years later, on September 27, 1863, in Saint Petersburg's Alexandrinsky Theatre as a benefice of actress Elizaveta Levkeeva. On October 14 of the same year it was performed in Maly Theatre (actress Ekaterina Vasilieva's benefice).
History.
Ostrovsky worked on the play at his Moscow home in the days of recovering, lying with a broken leg. The play, about bribery and corruption, was eagerly anticipated by Sovremennik and its followers, but it was not a straightforward social critique. According to Lakshin, Ostrovsky thought along different lines: "Is it worthwhile to wage ardent wars against certain bribe-takers when they are only part of the way of life with corruption serving as its hidden mechanism? Wouldn’t it be more intriguing to try and penetrate under the skin of these people, learn how their special kind of morality works, expose the logic of their excuses?” Ostrovsky loathed tendentious drama and shied all manner of didacticism. "To say a clever and honest word is not such a big deal, lots of them have been said and written. For a statement of truth to be effective and for it to make people wiser, it has to be filtered through the soul of a highest quality, that of an artist", he used to say, according to Mikhail Ippolitov-Ivanov.
Ostrovsky published "A Profitable Position" in "Russkaya Beseda" because he had some unfulfilled obligations (notably, "Minin" had been promised and never appeared). Ivan Panaev expressed anguish at the fact that "such a thing had been published not by "Sovremennik"" and Tolstoy reproached his friend for having given "such a brilliant comedy to raskolniks’ journal". Chernyshevsky greeted it warmly in his "Magazines review" saying it reminded him of "Family Affair".
"A Profitable Position"s premiere was scheduled on December 20, 1857, but the show was cancelled at the eleventh hour, censors labeling it "an opus poking fun at state officials". 
The real reason it appeared too dangerous, according to Vasily Botkin, was that "it examined this thin line between honesty and corruption", showing bribery to be not an isolated vice but part of a deeper and more serious social malaise.
Reception.
Leo Tolstoy rated "A Profitable Position" exceptionally high. "This is a colossal thing, in terms of depth, power and relevance and in particular for this impeccably real character of Yusov", he wrote in a letter. Both liberal and radical critics were unhappy with the finale, the former wanted to see Zhadov as a triumphant hero, the latter wanted to see him fall. "It is quite possibly that the optimistic kind of finale was written with possibly censorial troubles in view,", biographer Lakshin wrote. Nevertheless in retrospect "A Profitable Position" is seen as a milestone returning Ostrovsky back to the fray as a sharp social commentator.

</doc>
<doc id="36774976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774976" title="Peärls Before Swïne Experience">
Peärls Before Swïne Experience

Pearls Before Swine Experience are an ensemble devoted to contemporary classical music. Their repertoire consists of short pieces (around 5 min) written by contemporary composers from Sweden and abroad. Their home stage is the culture club SEKT. They have been awarded the "Kristallpriset" contemporary music prize and The Society of Swedish Composers' Interpreter prize. 
The ensemble regularly commission works from established composers such as Annie Gosfield and Per Mårtensson.

</doc>
<doc id="36774980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774980" title="The Crescent (newspaper)">
The Crescent (newspaper)

The Crescent newspaper was re-launched in 2012 as an electronic web based newspaper initially published monthly for the pilot and subsequent issues and this was reduced to weekly every Friday thereafter . The tabloid 12 page format launched in 2003 failed due to the massive overheads of printing and distributing community based paper, it was decided to take advantage of the latest developments in e-publishing and re-launch the paper as an electronic web based publication.
The Crescent newspaper is an independent community based publication and encourages and promotes independent editorial comment and news content. It draws on communal journalistic resources in a broader sense if the definition from across the British Isles and Eire, but is not confined by the perceived definition of Community Journalism.
History.
1893 to 1908
"The Crescent - a weekly record of Islam in England" was originally published weekly in Liverpool from 1893. As such, it can claim to be oldest and first regular publication reflecting and serving the early convert and Muslim community with in the British Isles, although its readership quickly grew via subscription to a global community. The first edition was published on 14 January 1893 from 32 Elizabeth Street, Liverpool, shortly before moving to Brougham Terrace. It was edited by W.H. Abdullah Quilliam and represented Muslims in England and growing convert community between 1893 and 1908.
A statement in "The Crescent" to its advertisers declared that “"in addition to the thousands of copies in circulation within the British Isles, in addition to which thousands of copies of the Paper are sent regularly abroad to subscribers in France, Spain, Switzerland, Constantinople, Smyrna, Syria, Turkey in Asia, Russia, Morocco, Tunis, Algeria, Malta, Egypt, Persia, Beluchistan, Ceylon, Arabia, the Cape Colony, the Transvaal, Zanzibar, Lagos, Gambia, Sierra Leone, the west Coast of Africa, Afghanistan, Penang, Singapore, China, British Guiana, Trinidad, Canada, the United States of America, and many parts of India, this forming a capital advertising medium"”. The advertising rate was stated as being 2s. 6d. per inch per insertion.
After outgrowing the Muslim prayer hall established by Quilliam in Mount Vernon, Liverpool, in 1888 he rented 8 Brougham Terrace and also acquired the neighbouring properties, numbers 10 and 12 in 1889, and in the basement a printing press was established to produce the monthly editions of "The Islamic World", which was subscribed to globally. In 1893, it evolved into the weekly publication "The Crescent - a weekly record of Islam in England".
Plans were announced for a purpose-built mosque to be built to the design of J. H. McGovern on the site of 10 and 12 Brougham Terrace, but did not materialise, any more that did those of 1902, for a mosque in the communities new centre at Geneva Road, Elm Park, Liverpool where "The Crescent" continued to be published until May 1908.
"The Crescent" newspaper is a social history of a growing Muslim convert community. Such names as Yahya McQuinn, T. Omar Byrne, Fatima Cates, Yahya Nasser Parkinson, Nasrullah Warren, J. Bokhari Jeffery, and Omar Roberts appear regularly in the editorial.
2012 to present.
It was relaunched in the month of Shawwaal 1433 (August/September 2012) by British Muslim converts residing in the UK as an on-line newspaper with the title '"The Crescent" newspaper'.It is planned to publish the paper weekly on Friday's from the first Friday of the Muslim New Year in Muharrem 1334 (Friday the 16th of November 2012)
Target readership.
"The Crescent" newspaper's target audience at the point of conception to launching the on-line edition, was aimed at the indigenous Convert and English speaking Muslim community resident within the British Isles and Eire, but access via the Internet has opened the readership to the global English speaking world.
Online presence.
Launched 14 September 2012
"The Crescent" newspaper
Ownership.
Independent community based
Political allegiance.
"The Crescent" newspaper is not aligned to any political party.
The Crescent archives 1893-1908.
"The Crescent" newspaper is archived at the British Newspaper Library and is complete except for 1894
The Catalogue reference is given as:
Title: "The Crescent" "- A weekly record of Islam in England"
Publication Details: Liverpool
Uniform Title: The Crescent (Liverpool, England : 1893)
Place Name: Liverpool
Identifier: System number 013898565
Notes: Discontinued.
Wanting 1894.
Creation Date: 1893
UIN: BLL01013898565
Publication Details: Liverpool
Uniform Title: The Crescent (Liverpool, England : 1893)
Place Name: Liverpool
Identifier: System number 013898565
Notes: Discontinued.
Wanting 1894.
Creation Date: 1893
UIN: BLL01013898565

</doc>
<doc id="36774994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774994" title="Silberzacken">
Silberzacken

Silberzacken, also known as East Peak, is a high subsidiary peak of Nanga Parbat in the Himalayan Range in Pakistan.
Location and layout.
Silberzacken is located on a ridge in Himalayan Range, south of the Indus River in the Diamer District of Gilgit–Baltistan in Pakistan. The ridge has three faces; Diamir, Rakhiot, and Rupal. The south and southeast side of the mountain is dominated by the Rupal face, while the north and northwest side of the mountain is split into Diamir face in the west and Rakhiot face in the north.

</doc>
<doc id="36775001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775001" title="West Midlands Regional Women's Football League">
West Midlands Regional Women's Football League

The West Midlands Regional Women's Football League is at the fifth and sixth levels of the English women's football pyramid, with the seven other Regional Leagues – Eastern, London & SE, Southern, South West, East Mids, North East and North West. The West Midlands Regional Women's Football League feeds directly into the Midland Combination Women's Football League, and lies above the Birmingham Women's Football League, Shropshire Women's Football League, Staffordshire Women's Football League and Worcestershire Women's Football League in the pyramid. The pyramid structure was founded in 1998.
Below the Premier Division the two Division Ones are split geographically with Division One South and Division One North.
Teams.
The teams competing in the West Midlands Regional Women's League Premier Division during the 2012–13 season are:
The teams competing in the West Midlands Regional Women's League Division One North during the 2012–13 season are:
The teams competing in the West Midlands Regional Women's League Division One South during the 2012–13 season are:

</doc>
<doc id="36775030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775030" title="Good Relations">
Good Relations

The Good Relations Group is a London, UK-based group of public relations and communications companies, owned by Chime Communications plc. The group has 215 staff, 172 based in the UK. As well as Good Relations, the group also includes agencies Harvard, MMK and Ptarmigan; some regional offices of Bell Pottinger Group were also rebranded as Good Relations following Bell Pottinger's MBO in June 2012.
The Good Relations Group CEO is former London Olympics communications chief Jackie Brock-Doyle. 
Clients.
Group clients include Sky, Sony, Vodafone, Unilever and EADS. Until July 2012, it also managed PR for Nintendo. 
Prior to the MBO split, notable Bell Pottinger clients won by Good Relations included:
External links.
Good Relations Group

</doc>
<doc id="36775031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775031" title="John Leigh Smeathman Hatton">
John Leigh Smeathman Hatton

Professor John Leigh Smeathman (27 May 1865-13 January 1933) was a mathematician and Principal of East London College, England, one of the founding colleges of what is now Queen Mary College, part of London University. He was also Vice Chancellor of London University in the 1930s.
Early life.
He was born in Street Aston on 27 May 1865, the eldest son of Revd J L S Hatton, Rector of West Barkwith, Lincolnshire.
He was educated at Hertford College, Oxford where he obtained an MA. He also qualified as a Barrister at Lincoln's Inn.
Career.
He was Director of Evening Classes (1892–1896), later Director of Studies 1896–1908 and Principal, East London College (University of London), now Queen Mary College, 1896-1933. He was Deputy Vice-Chancellor of the University of London from 1930–31 and Vice-Chancellor from 1932-33. He was Dean of the Faculty of Science at the university from 1922–26. He also served as a member of the Essex and the West Ham Education Committees during the 1920s.
Personal life.
In 1897 he married Pauline Carlyle, daughter of R J Henderson of Colombo and they had two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="36775041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775041" title="Kanchenjunga Express (film)">
Kanchenjunga Express (film)

Kanchenjunga Express is a 2012 Bengali film directed by Arnab Ghosh. It was Ghosh's début. "Kanchenjunga Express" is a woman-centric film that unfolds in a train with a lot of suspense. The music is scored by Souvik Gupta and has songs by Rupam Islam, Usha Uthup and Kunal Ganjawala.
Plot.
"Kanchenjunga Express" is a suspense thriller revolving the life of Nandini, an NGO worker. Nandini is a simple kind-hearted woman, married to the wrong kind of men and exploited because of her simplicity. She has learned many good lessons from the experiences of her life, and thus she is tough, strong and independent. 
The film shows three situations of Nandini's life and how she faces them.

</doc>
<doc id="36775042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775042" title="Typhoon Tembin (2012)">
Typhoon Tembin (2012)

Typhoon Tembin (international designation: 1214, JTWC designation: 15W, PAGASA name: Igme) was a strong tropical cyclone which unusually made landfall Taiwan twice. Tembin, which means Libra in Japanese, was the eighth typhoon and the fourteenth named storm of the 2012 Pacific typhoon season. After making landfall over the southern tip of Taiwan late on August 23, Tembin weakened but regained strength in the South China Sea, looping before making a second landfall on southern Taiwan as a tropical storm on August 27. However, the system did not restrengthen in the East China Sea, and made landfall over South Korea on August 30 before becoming extratropical.
Meteorological history.
Genesis.
On August 16, a tropical disturbance formed southeast of Taiwan. On August 17, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) mentioned it as a tropical depression, as a subtropical ridge pushed the system southwards. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the system late on August 18; early the next day, the JMA upgraded it to a tropical storm and named it "Tembin", and the JTWC upgraded it to a tropical depression. Soon, the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) also upgraded it to a tropical depression and named it "Igme". On August 20, Tembin entered a period of explosive intensification, on encountering warm and deep Oceanic heat content. The JMA first noted this, and immediately upgraded Tembin into a Typhoon. Only 3 hours later, the JTWC pointed out that an eye of radius has formed under the low-level circulation center (LLCC) and is being powered by a self-induced meso-anticyclone. Also, there was an excellent poleward and equatoward outflow. A building western extension of a ridge close to the equator started showing a steering effect on the system, at that time. Tembin was expected to reach peak intensity within 48 hours. Later that morning, Tembin contained tracking north-northeastward at while its eye grew a little large and its eyewall became more consolidated. The cloud-tops further cooled down and the eyewall was nearly symmetric. The poleward outflow was enhanced by a strong tropical upper tropospheric trough (TUTT). The windspeed rose from to within 6 hours. A deep mid-latitude trough across the Korean region resulting in a temporary slow-down or perhaps quasi-stationary motion east of Taiwan. At the same time, the PAGASA updated Tembin, otherwise known as Igme, locally, to a typhoon.
Peak Intensity.
By August 21, Tembin reached a maximum 1-minute sustained windspeed of . The system maintained deep convective banding, tightly wrapped into a well-defined, small eye surrounded by a highly symmetric eyewall. A nearby ridge started steering Tembin west. The JTWC were then anticipating a peak intensity of . Thereafter, the TUTT cell over the system started weakening it. The eyweall started getting eroded. The JTWC no longer expected Tembin to strengthen. By that afternoon, it became clear that the weakening was the result of increased upper-level convergence caused by a rapidly strengthening TUTT extending southwestward from a TUTT cell. At that time, Tembin was tracking north-northwestward at and was located approximately southeast of Taipei, Taiwan. A deep mid-latitude shortwave trough was tracking northeastward across eastern China. It was expected to track north of the system and then track into the Sea of Japan and steer Tembin westward. 
Later that night, Tembin slowed down on its track. Located approximately southeast of Taipei, the system tracked north-northwestward at during the past six hours. Animated enhanced infrared satellite imagery showed that the system maintained overall tight consolidation and symmetry even as poleward outflow had slightly diminished. Upper level analysis indicated that Tembin sustained a mesoscale anticyclone that continues to provide good outflow despite two TUTT cells, one to the north and one to the southwest of the typhoon causing subsidence and strong shear along the west to southwestern flank. On the morning on August 22, Animated multispectral satellite imagery showed that the central convection has slightly warmed as the overall structure became more elongated, an indication of increased shear. The system was tracking along the southwestern periphery of a deep-layered subtropical ridge to its north.
Gradual weakening and re-intensification.
Soon, it became clear that the typhoon started to undego an eyewall replacement cycle. Satellite imagery showed a new eye-like feature developing within the system. Tembin continued weakening due to the eyewall replacement cycle and was expected to weaken even further at that moment. Tembin continued to slow down on its track and remained almost stationary. Located approximately southeast of Taipei, the storm system became a little less organized over the past couple of hours. Poleward outflow also started diminishing, as a result. Track speeds continued to be slow as a primary steering influence, a deep layered subtropical ridge to the storm's north, was being weakened by a transiting mid-latitude trough located over the Korean Peninsula. Upper-level analysis indicated that the poleward outflow towards the tropical upper-tropospheric trough cell that was located over southern honshu shut down.
Early on August 23, Tembin slowed down even further, to under towards the west. Microwave image revealed a nearly uniform concentric deep eyewall structure that was slightly fragmented over the southwestern quadrant. Finally, a couple of hours later, Tembin started picking up track speed. A mesoscale anticyclone over the system generated excellent radial outflow. Later that afternoon, Tembin re-intensified into a strong category 3 equivalent on the SSHS with winds of up to on the 1-minute sustained average. The dual banding features along the northern and southern halves continued feeding the low level circulation center. Upper level analysis indicated that the dual channel outflow to the poleward and equatorward directions had been instrumental in the system maintaining its intensity.
First landfall, re-intesnsification in the South China Sea, and second landfall.
At 19:00 UTC on August 23, Typhoon Tembin made landfall over Mudan Township in Pingtung, Taiwan, and it arrived the Taiwan Strait two hous later. Early on August 24, the JTWC said that the eyewall structure had only slightly degraded as Tembin moved inland. Located approximately south-southwest of Taipei, the storm system was drifting west-southwestward at nearly . At that time, Tembin was expected to accelerate east-northeastward and interact with another nearby typhoon, Bolaven and go around Taiwan in loops. Later that morning, animated multispectral satellite imagery depicted that the structure of the low level circulation center suffered a significant inflow issue as winds along the southeastern quadrant tracked over southern Taiwan. The JTWC declared that Tembin weakened into a strong Tropical Storm from a Typhoon as winds dropped to under , although the Hong Kong Observatory kept it at typhoon status. An Advanced Scatterometer (ASCAT) pass revealed that winds along the western half of the system were in the 35 to 40 knot range, with a band of winds in the luzon strait showing 30 knots. 
Later that day, animated enhanced infrared satellite imagery depicted that the organization has been able to consolidate with convection beginning to wrap into the LLCC, as the LLCC was moving away from land. While tracking west-southwestward at nearly , convection started to wrap anew into the LLCC. A microwave eye feature was also observed. Upper level analysis indicated a weak point source anticyclone that continued providing a radial venting mechanism and low vertical wind shear environment. After developing an eye, Tembin rapidly intensified into a category 3 typhoon, before gradually weakening due to an easterly wind shear from Bolaven, which caused the LLCC to become slightly exposed, associated with a few burst of convection. and making landfall on 17:30(UTC) over the southern tip of Taiwan as a tropical storm. 
Third landfall and demise.
Early on August 28, Tembin entered the East China Sea, after making a circle back toward Taiwan as a tropical storm. By August 28, due to land interaction and wind shear from the north east by a ridge of high pressure, Tembin's exposed low level circulation center become partially exposed, with deep convection burst on the southern portions of the LLCC.
By August 29, Tembin was charging towards the Yellow sea as a tropical storm.
Preparations and impact.
Taiwan.
On August 21, the central weather bureau in Taiwan issued a sea warning for Typhoon Tembin, predicting strong winds, heavy rains and storm surge. The residents of Yilan, Hualien, and Taitung were asked to stay alert regarding the storm system. By August 22, the Ministry of National Defense of Taiwan helped evacuate several residents in the typhoon-prone areas and provided accommodation to some in their own military camps. More than 49,000 soldiers were on standby to provide relief and rescue to those in need when the typhoon strikes. About 107 military bases in and around the typhoon-prone regions were ready to provide shelter to well over 53,000 evacuees. The next day, Taiwanese authorities evacuated another 3000 residents from mountainous areas anticipating torrential rain that could cause landslides. Later that day, the outer rainbands of Tembin started brushing Taiwan. The system unexpected sped up towards land and started re-intensifying. Late that night numerous cities and counties across the island shut down schools and offices for up to two days. Farmers also immediately harvested their crops like they earlier did in 2010 anticipating Fanapi's arrival. People in eastern Taiwan boarded up their windows to try to minimize structural damage. Valentine's Day celebrations across Taiwan were also cancelled. 
On August 24, Tembin made landfall in southern Taiwan. The storm poured torrential rains, toppled trees, and caused flash flooding in several farmlands. Reportedly, of rain fell within one hour, the heaviest downpour in over 100 years. The local weather bureau data showed Pingtung as a whole received of rain since August 22. The typhoon dropped up to of rainfall on Hengchuen during the overnight of August 23. Hengchun also recorded its highest rainfall since 1896. However, the most heavily populated areas were spared as the storm quickly reemerged into sea. Authorities in Pingtung reported that the town of Hengchun was hit by heavy flooding, with waters reaching high in some places. Northern Taiwan was largely spared and schools and offices in the region remained open. Flights to and from southern Taiwan were also cancelled as the typhoon struck. In some parts of southern Taiwan, Tembin blew off the rooftops of many houses. The toppled trees covered busy roads leading to severe traffic jams. Police also intentionally set up roadblocks in some regions anticipating landfalls. Despite no casualties, livelihoods of farmers and poor slum-dwellers were significantly affected by the typhoon. An official of the local highway administration said that the situation would have been even more worse if the highways were not blocked. On August 25, about 500 military personnel helped clean up flooded areas in Hengchun. The power outages and roadblocks were cleared by then. Also, railway services between Neishih and Fangshan which were earlier affected by the storm were restored after intensive repair work that, as the Taiwan Railways Administration claims, was done overnight. 
At the same time, Taiwan forecasters warned residents that tropical storm Tembin could return early next week. Tembin was interacting with nearby Typhoon Bolaven and was expected to go around in loops, eventually making a second landfall over Taiwan. "Flooding in the Hengchun area Friday was very serious, and worse even than Morakot," said Chen Cheng-chia, a Pingtung Fire Agency official. later reports revealed that at least 5 people had been injured while the typhoon made its first landfall.
South Korea.
Following on the heels of Typhoon Bolaven, Tropical Storm Tembin brought further rains to South Korea. Some areas received up to of rain, leading to several landslides. In Cheonan, one person was killed in a landslide. A second person was killed in Yeongam after strong winds toppled a large iron gate.

</doc>
<doc id="36775048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775048" title="Aleksei Barkalov">
Aleksei Barkalov

Aleksei Barkalov (, ; 18 February 1946 – 9 September 2004) was a Ukrainian water polo player who competed in the 1968, 1972, 1976 and 1980 Summer Olympics and won two gold and one silver medals for the Soviet Union team. During his career, he played 412 games for the national team, more than any other athlete in the water polo history. In 1993, he was inducted to the International Swimming Hall of Fame.
Biography.
Barkalov was born in the village of Vvedenka near Kharkiv and graduated from the Kharkiv Polytechnic Institute. Before choosing water polo, he played basketball for the Kharkiv city team, as well as football. Since 1957 he competed in water polo for Dynamo Kharkiv and in 1971 changed to Dynamo Kyiv. Since 1976 he acted both as a player and a coach for Dynamo Kyiv. After retirement in 1980 he became the head coach of the Junior Water Polo Team of Ukraine. Between 1990 and 1994 he worked in Yugoslavia, coaching the water polo club of Novi Sad. He then returned to Ukraine and from 1997 to 1999 acted as President of the Water Polo Federation of Ukraine. He received the following awards: Order of Friendship, Order For Merit to the Fatherland (3rd class) and Order of Merit (Ukraine).
Barkalov married Lyudmila Khazieva, a competitive swimmer who won a European bronze medal in 1966. Their only son, Dmitri, also played competitive water polo, but then became a businessman and was killed in 2001 at the age 32. This tragedy shattered the health of Barkalov, who died of a heart attack three years later.

</doc>
<doc id="36775070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775070" title="South West Regional Women's Football League">
South West Regional Women's Football League

The South West Regional Women's Football League is at the fifth and sixth levels of the English women's football pyramid, with the seven other Regional Leagues – Eastern, London & SE, Southern, West Mids, East Mids, North East and North West. The South West Regional Women's Football League feeds directly into the South West Combination Women's Football League, and lies above the Cornwall Women's Football League, Devon Women's Football League, Dorset Women's Football League, Gloucestershire Women's Football League and Somerset Women's Football League in the pyramid. The pyramid structure was founded in 1998.
Below the Premier Division the two Division Ones are split geographically with Division One East and Division One West.
Teams.
The teams competing in the South West Regional Women's League Premier Division during the 2012–13 season are:
The teams competing in the South West Regional Women's League Division One East during the 2012–13 season are:
The teams competing in the South West Regional Women's League Division One West during the 2012–13 season are:

</doc>
<doc id="36775085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775085" title="Bill Schaefer (field hockey)">
Bill Schaefer (field hockey)

William Paul "Bill" Schaefer (9 October 1925 – 20 July 2003) was a New Zealand field hockey player. 
He was in the New Zealand team at three Olympics, in 1956 at Melbourne, 1960 at Rome, and 1964 at Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="36775100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775100" title="Letters from Home (film)">
Letters from Home (film)

Letters from Home is a 15-minute long short film by Canadian director Mike Hoolboom. It follows a multitude of figures from the Toronto art community who deliver messages about living with AIDS, which are spliced with home videos, found and archive footage, and other film techniques. "Letters from Home" was generally well received and won several awards, including Best Canadian Short Film at the 1996 Toronto International Film Festival.
Synopsis.
After an initial voiceover following a dream in which the narrator chases a Cadbury chocolate bar until he sees a masked doctor who tells him he has AIDS, a woman tells of her friend who, when using a half-fare card, was told that she could not possibly be AIDS positive as she would have to be home dying. Director Mike Hoolboom's face fades in from a watery background, speaking of how he is not dying and the government is not working to save him.
Several actors and actresses deliver thoughts, first regarding maltreatment of AIDS patients by the general public, then comparing living with AIDS to fighting World War II and describing the treatment. The film then notes the work that is being done, interspersed with footage of two men kissing, but indicates that there is not enough support. It closes with Callum Keith Rennie relating how love can overcome the fear felt by AIDS victims.
Production.
The film's narration was primarily based on the speech "Why We Fight" by the LGBT rights activist Vito Russo, which was delivered at a protest in 1988 which Hoolboom attended. It features bits written by Hoolboom itself. The majority of actors and actresses are from Toronto, where Hoolboom had established himself; they came from a variety of racial, generational, and gender backgrounds. At the time of release, combined antiretroviral therapy was unavailable.
"Letters from Home" was shot on 16 mm film and has a run length of 15 minutes. It intersperses found footage with archive footage, home movies, hand-processed work, and original material. This footage includes material from Hoolboom's past, as well as archived footage of aircraft crashes, and a stuck car. It also features Billie Holiday's 1958 cover of "You've Changed", Leonard Cohen's "Waiting for a Miracle", and references to Hermann Hesse's 1927 novel "Steppenwolf".
Style.
Janice Cole, writing in "POV" magazine, describes the film's narration style as "part story, part confessional and part spokesperson". The American media theorist Laura Marks writes that Hoolboom's multi-narrator approach allows the viewer a greater opportunity to empathise with AIDS patients; she writes that it is a more appropriate approach to the issue than "the heroic narrative centering on an individual's suffering" present in other works. In another publication she notes that the film shows a paradox of "having a body that is yours but not", as exemplified by the opening scene.
Roger Hallas, director of the LGBT Studies Program at Syracuse University, writes that "Letters from Home" is based on esthetics of "fragmentation and dispersal", emphasising the multicultural cast and camera work, which varies from "talking head" close-ups to voice overs. He notes the strength of the reuse of Russo's speech, in which the activist emphasised survival before dying in 1990, with the words having been refactored to show the need to both live with AIDS and to remember those who had died of the disease.
Reception.
Cole praised the film, writing that lines such as "If I'm dying of anything it's the way you look at me. It's from the harsh cleanser you put on the toilet after I've used it" were highly powerful, emphasising that the general populace generally lacks knowledge on AIDS; she also noted the criticism of misinformation. A writer from the Visions du Réel film festival in Nyon, Switzerland, noted "Letters from Home" as showing Hoolboom's expertise in "captivat his audience" through the personal approach used. Tom McSorley, writing in "Take One", found the film "achingly personal" with a "cogent, courageous rendering" of an awareness that death awaits everyone.
The film scholar Thomas Waugh, writing about Hoolboom's AIDS activism through his films, describes "Letters from Home" as one of a "great AIDS triptych", together with Hoolboom's earlier work "Frank's Cock" (1993) and the later clip "Positiv"; he notes that audiences often cried at screenings. Hallas writes that the film "exemplifies" the use of archival footage by LGBT media to "bear witness to the exigencies of AIDS" in modern times.
Not all reviews were positive. The filmmaker Bart Testa gave a scathing review, describing Hoolboom as a "magpie montagist" like Bonnie Sherr Klein with "dial-a-stylistic" touches found throughout the short.
The short was shown at numerous film festivals, both in Canada and abroad. At the 1996 Toronto International Film Festival, it won Best Canadian Short Film; the judges remarked that it had "stunning vision and intensely moving testimony of life in the age of AIDS". The film also received two awards at the International Short Film Festival Oberhausen in Oberhausen, Germany.
In 2010 "Letters from Home" was released as part of a two-disc DVD set of films and testimonials related to HIV/AIDS. Released by the Université du Québec à Montréal and subtitled by Waugh, the film was paired with Esther Vasquette's "Le Récit d'A".
References.
Footnotes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36775105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775105" title="County Road 318 (Florida)">
County Road 318 (Florida)

County Road 318 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36775124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775124" title="Brad Bernard">
Brad Bernard

Brad C. Bernard is an American football coach and former player. He is former head football coach at Edward Waters College, a position he held from 2011-2013
Playing career.
Bernard was a four-year letterman at Georgia Southern University before graduating in 1991. While at Georgia Southern, Bernard helped the Eagles to four NCAA Division I-AA National Championships in 1985, 1986, 1989, and 1990as the Strength and Conditioning Coach under former GSU head coach Erk Russell.
Coaching career.
Bernard began his coaching career at Sandalwood High School in 1991 where he coached one All-State player. In 1994, Bernard was hired to be the offensive line coach at Mandarin High School, where he helped produce 3 All-State players for the Mustangs. Bernard took his coaching talents to William M. Raines High School in 1997, where was named offensive coordinator under head coach Welton Coffey, III. Bernard, Coffey, and the rest of the Vikings made history for the city of Jacksonville, going 15-0 and winning the 1997 FHSAA Class 4-A State Championship, a championship currently remains as the last state football title for a Duval County public school. Bernard’s offense at Raines in ’97 led the FHSAA in total offense and most points scored. While at Raines, Bernard coached eight All-FHSAA players, among those were future NFL All-Pros Lito Sheppard and Jabar Gaffney of the New England Patriots, as well as former Edward Waters quarterback Mack Frazier.
Bernard had arguably his greatest success as a coach at Bethune-Cookman University, where he spent 11 seasons under legendary head coach and fellow Jacksonville native and current Edward Waters interim Head Coach, Alvin Wyatt. While at B-CU, Bernard compiled an 83-50 record and as a coach and also coached 18 All-MEAC players. Chief among them are current Edward Waters Assistant Offensive Line Coach, Vernon Edwards, Julius Franklin (New York Giants/Orlando Predators) as well as 3 NFL All-Pro Selections, most notably, Eric Weems of the Chicago Bears, Rashean Mathis of the Jacksonville Jaguars, & Super Bowl XLV champion Nick Collins of the Green Bay Packers among others. Bernard began his career at B-CU in 1998 as the offensive line coach and co-offensive coordinator for the Wildcats, where was one of the architects of the infamous “Wyatt Bone” option offense. In that ‘98 season, the Wildcats finished 8-3, their best record since 1989, and earned a berth in the Heritage Bowl. In the 2002 season Bernard and the Wildcats finished with a school record 11 wins, won the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference Championship, and made the school’s first ever appearance in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (formerly Division I-AA) Playoffs.
Bernard also spent the 2010 season as offensive coordinator at Howard University.
In his first season as head coach at Edward Waters in 2011, Bernard led the Tigers to their first non-losing record since 2004, going 5-5.

</doc>
<doc id="36775128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775128" title="Operation Boatswain">
Operation Boatswain

Operation Boatswain was the first of the operational missions carried out by the Palmach as part of the cooperation between the Jewish Yishuv in Mandatory Palestine and the British during World War II. The mission to sabotage oil refineries in Tripoli was unsuccessful, ending with the disappearance of 23 Palmach commandos and British SOE Officer Major Sir Anthony Palmer, on May 18, 1941.
Palmach.
The Palmach was established by the Haganah High Command on 14 May 1941. Its two primary aims were to protect the Yishuv against attacks by Arabs in the event of a British retreat from Palestine and defence of Palestine against an Axis Powers invasion. Yitzhak Sadeh was named as Palmach commander. Initially the group consisted of around one hundred men.
Operation.
In the early summer of 1941 the British military authorities agreed to joint operations against Vichy France forces in Lebanon and Syria. The first planned action was a sabotage mission against oil installations at Tripoli, Lebanon. It was feared that the refinery would provide the Wehrmacht aircraft fuel, and help thwart the planned invasion of Lebanon and Syria. The refinery was in an area well fortified by a unit of Senegalese troops from hostile French army.
A plan emerged for a motor launch, carrying 23 Palmach commandos led by Lieutenant Tsvi Spector to embark from Haifa. Upon arrival, three of the Palmach would remain aboard while the rest sabotaged the Tripoli refineries. The 23 would be accompanied by a British observer, Major Palmer. Practice runs in Caesarea had achieved excellent results.
On the night of May 18, 1941, the police were ordered to give up one of their best launches. Palmer and the 23 then took over the Sea Lion (Ari Hayam in Hebrew), cast off and were never seen again. It has never been determined exactly what happened to them. 
Recently, it has been suggested that the 23 were killed by an explosion, possibly the result of a submarine attack, or possibly due to accidental detonation of the explosives they carried, and the boat was sunk at sea, and that some of their bodies were found by Yoseph Kostica, an agent then stationed in Tripoli. Other research suggests that the Sea Lion did reach Tripoli, but was intercepted by the local coast guard.
Legacy.
This was the first act of the Palmach. The failure of the mission and loss of the 23 were blows to morale and delayed the building of Jewish naval power. The legacy of the "23 Who Went Down at Sea" was a source of inspiration to both the Palmach and Palyam, and their memory remains a source of inspiration to IDF soldiers and sailors.
The memory of the 23 has been immortalized in various ways. The immigrant ship Kaf Gimel Yordei Ha’Sira (23 Seamen, כ"ג יורדי הסירה), which arrived in Haifa carrying 790 illegal immigrants in 1946 was named after them. The Israeli Nautical College in Acre and many streets in Israel have also been named after the 23. They are also honoured by a memorial in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. and a memorial where they were last seen, by the Yarkon River in Tel Aviv.

</doc>
<doc id="36775139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775139" title="Athletics at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Women's 400 metres">
Athletics at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Women's 400 metres

The Women's 400 metres competition at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada was held at the Olympic Stadium on 25–29 July.
Competition format.
The Women's 400m competition consisted of heats (Round 1), Quarterfinals, Semifinals and a Final. The five fastest competitors from each race in the heats plus the next two fastest overall qualified for the Quarterfinals. The four fastest competitors from each of the Quarterfinal races qualified for the Semifinals, where again the four fastest runners from each heat advanced to the final.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Results.
Round 1.
Qual. rule: first 5 of each heat (Q) plus the two fastest times (q) qualified.

</doc>
<doc id="36775140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775140" title="Scarabeo 8">
Scarabeo 8

Scarabeo 8 is an ultra deepwater 6th generation semi-submersible drilling rig. It is owned and operated by Saipem. The vessel is registered in Nassau, Bahamas.
Description.
"Scarabeo 8" is an ultra deepwater 6th generation semi-submersible drilling rigs. It is designed by Moss Maritime and its design type is CD50 MKII. The rig is able to operate at the water depth up to , which is classified by the oil industry as "ultra-deepwater", and its drilling depth is . It is able to perform drilling operations at the air temperature of and water temperature of .
"Scarabeo 8" has a length of and a breadth of . Its height to the drill floor is , height to the upper deck is , and height to the main deck is . Its designed draught at operation is and designed draught at transit is . Its gross tonnage is 35,304, dead weight tonnage 14,508, and net tonnage 10,592 tonnes. It is self-propelling having a maximum speed up to and an average speed of . The vessel is made up of two hulls, six columns and a main deck where the drilling plant and platform services are installed. It has 128 single cabins for accommodation. The rig is equipped with two deck cranes and one knuckle boom. It also has a helideck suitable for Sikorsky S-61N and Sikorsky S-92 helicopters.
Construction and delivery.
The rig was ordered on 10 June 2005. Its hull was built at the Sevmash yard in Severodvinsk, Russia. 
In 2007, the hull was moved to the shipyard in Palermo, Italy where Fincantieri carried out topsides construction. On 24 June 2010, a fire incident took place when the fire started in the ventilation system. The fire was believed to be an act of sabotage by workers. No one was hurt in the incident. However, as a result of this incident, the rig needed massive replacement of pipes, heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems, steel details and paint. About of cables were replaced.
After that incident "Scarabeo 8" was moved from the Fincantieri yard in Italy to Norway for repairs and final completion. In this voyage it was towed by two tow boats. The rig was winterized for working in Arctic conditions and commissioned in the Westcon yard in Ølensvåg. The rig went through a sea trial period in the beginning of 2012. It was christened on 3 April 2012.
Originally, the rig was to be ready in the third quarter of 2009. However, due to different accidents and delays it was commissioned only in 2012. The license to drill in Norwegian waters was delayed several times due to non-conformities with Norwegian regulations. Non-conformities were found in areas such as the management system for use of lifting equipment, offshore cranes for pipe handling, emergency operation of lifting appliances, access to electrical equipment, safety barriers, storage facility for helicopter fuel, as well as design-related issues covering materials handling and working environment. In October 2011, a contract worker working at the construction was killed by a fatal accident.
Operations.
The first well to drill by "Scarabeo 8" is at the Statoil-operated Odden prospect in the North Sea. After that, the rig will drill at the Eni-operated Salina and Bonna prospects in the Barents Sea before starting drilling at the Eni-operated Goliat field.
On 4 September the rig, drilling at the Salina prospect, was reported as having a 5.7-degree list caused by seawater coming into the ballast water tank.

</doc>
<doc id="36775157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775157" title="Southern Region Women's Football League">
Southern Region Women's Football League

The Southern Region Women's Football League is at the fifth and sixth levels of the English women's football pyramid, with the seven other Regional Leagues – Eastern, London & SE, South West, West Mids, East Mids, North East and North West. The Southern Region Women's Football League feeds directly into the South West Combination Women's Football League, and lies above the Hampshire Women's Football League and Thames Valley Women's Football League in the pyramid. The pyramid structure was founded in 1998.
Below the Premier Division the two Division Ones are split geographically with Division One East and Division One West.
Teams.
The teams competing in the Southern Region Women's League Premier Division during the 2012–13 season are:
The teams competing in the Southern Region Women's League Division One East during the 2012–13 season are:
The teams competing in the Southern Region Women's League Division One West during the 2012–13 season are:

</doc>
<doc id="36775175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775175" title="Pennagar, Gingee">
Pennagar, Gingee

Pennagar (Tamil: பென்னகர்) is an Indian Panchayat village located in Gingee taluk of Viluppuram district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. According to the 2001 census, the village had a population of 2071, with a literacy rate of 59%.

</doc>
<doc id="36775184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775184" title="Sony Xperia miro">
Sony Xperia miro

The Sony Xperia miro is a mid-range Android smartphone manufactured and developed by Sony Mobile Communications. The device was released globally during the third quarter of 2012. The device is available in colours black, pink, white with silver and white with gold. However, not all colours are available in all countries.
Availability.
The phone was officially announced with the Sony Xperia tipo by Sony Mobile Communications on 13 June 2012 and is using the concept of a fun social and entertainment phone to promote the device. The device is slated for a global release during the third quarter of 2012. The Xperia miro was released on 19 September 2012.
Hardware.
The device has a TFT scratch resistant capacitive touchscreen display which measures 3.5 inches with a resolution of 320 x 480 pixels at 165 ppi. it supports multitouch and is capable of displaying 16,777,216 colours with a layer of anti reflective coating. The phone has a 5 megapixels camera that is pulsed LED flash and Auto focus is capable of capturing high quality photos. It is capable of video recording at 30 frames per second with continuous autofocus, video light and the video stabilizer and the phone also features a VGA front camera. The device supports micro USB and USB High speed 2.0 and has a standard battery Li-Ion of 1500 mAh. The phone has an internal memory of 4 GB, which only 2.2 GB user available, Qualcomm MSM7225A 800 MHz Cortex A-5 processor with 512 MB of RAM and with an external microSD/HC card slot that supports up to 32GB.
Software.
The device is released with the latest Sony Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich operating system with Facebook and Timescape with Twitter integrated in the software. It also has an on-screen QWERTY keyboard with a browser supports that supports HTML5 and Adobe Flash and also an integrated stereo FM radio with RDS. As an entertainment phone by Sony, the Xperia miro is capable of 3D and motion gaming and is connected to the Sony Entertainment Network, allowing users to access Music & Video Unlimited. It also features xLOUD Experience, an audio filter technology from Sony with TrackID music recognition and also a manual equalizer. The phone supports WiFi and WiFi hotspot, with Bluetooth 2.1 and is DLNA certified.
On 17 December 2012, Sony confirmed that the Xperia Miro would not be updated beyond Ice Cream Sandwich due to hardware incompatibility. ROM Developers of community forum XDA Developers and CyanogenMod Free Xperia Developers later challenged this statement by releasing stable rom versions of Jellybean 4.1.2 for the device which could be flashed to the device by rooting the device which comes at a cost of voiding the devices warranty.

</doc>
<doc id="36775200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775200" title="German submarine U-323">
German submarine U-323

German submarine "U-323" was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She carried out no patrols and sank or damaged no ships.
The boat was scuttled in May 1945 in northern Germany.
Service history.
The submarine was laid down on 12 March 1942 by the Flender Werke yard at Lübeck as 'werk' 323, launched on 12 January 1944 and commissioned on 2 March under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Siegfried Pregel.
She served with the 4th U-boat Flotilla for training, from 2 March 1944 to 3 May 1945.
Fate.
The boat was scuttled on 3 May 1945 near Nordenham, (across the River Weser from Bremerhaven).

</doc>
<doc id="36775244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775244" title="London and South East Women's Regional Football League">
London and South East Women's Regional Football League

The London and South East Women's Regional Football League is at the fifth and sixth levels of the English women's football pyramid, with the seven other Regional Leagues – Eastern, Southern, South West, West Mids, East Mids, North East and North West. The London and South East Women's Regional Football League feeds directly into the South East Combination Women's Football League, and lies above the Greater London Women's Football League in the pyramid. The pyramid structure was founded in 1998.
Below the Premier Division is Division One.
Teams.
The teams competing in the London and South East Women's Regional League Premier Division during the 2014–15 season are:

</doc>
<doc id="36775247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775247" title="Varol">
Varol

Varol is both a given name and a surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36775252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775252" title="William Frazer (sport shooter)">
William Frazer (sport shooter)

William David Frazer (January 11, 1884 – August 17, 1963) was an American sport shooter who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924, he finished in 11th place in the 25 metre rapid fire pistol competition.
He was born in Niagara Falls, New York and died in Seattle, Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="36775254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775254" title="Smithdale, Pennsylvania">
Smithdale, Pennsylvania

Smithdale is an unincorporated community and coal town in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36775260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775260" title="Consoweld">
Consoweld

Consoweld or Consoweld Laminated Plastic is a melamine impregnated paper product that was produced by the Consolidated Paper Company of Wisconsin Rapids in the twentieth century.
Uses.
Consoweld, in common with similar products had a wide variety of uses. It was used in aircraft construction, house building and electrical applications. The main use, however was as a worktop or to a lesser extent as a decorative finish for other domestic surfaces.
Consoweld advertisements often stressed commercial use, for example the Hoffman House Restaurant in Madison was subject of an 1967 advertisements.

</doc>
<doc id="36775264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775264" title="Gilde van Vrijwillige Molenaars">
Gilde van Vrijwillige Molenaars

The Gilde van Vrijwillige Molenaars () is a Dutch society of volunteer millers who operate many of the Dutch wind- and watermills. The main goal of the society is to help with the preservation of Dutch windmills by training new millers to run wind- and watermills on a voluntary basis.
History.
The number of windmills in the Netherlands had been declining since their task was being taken over by steam, diesel and electric powered machinery against which they could not compete. Attempts to protect and modernise windmills by De Hollandsche Molen in the first half of the twentieth century had slowed the decline somewhat until by the 1960s funds became available for the restoration, repair and upkeep to save the remaining windmills. It had however become very difficult to impossible to commercially operate a mill and the number of aging professional millers rapidly declined threatening the loss of miller skills and knowledge and condemning functional mills to a standstill. A group of windmill enthusiasts therefor set up a miller training course for people willing to operate mills during their free time. In this way the knowledge of professional millers could be passed on and volunteer millers became available to operate the newly restored windmills. This initiative led to the foundation of the "Gilde van Vrijwillige Molenaars" in 1972. Since then close to 1500 have successfully finished the course. In 1975 volunteer millers in Friesland split off to form the Gild Fryske Mounders.
Organisation.
The "Gilde van Vrijwillig Molenaars" is a national organisation seated in Amsterdam with twelve provincial departments. It publishes a quarterly magazine called "Gildebrief". Besides training millers the guild is also active in supporting volunteer millers, for example by offering insurance policies and working on health and safety issues and the protection of the windmill environment (), the ability of the windmill to catch the wind without trees and buildings blocking it. It also cooperates closely with other windmill organisations to promote windmill preservation in general.
Miller course.
The miller course is organised by appointing "instructor millers" at certain mills to educate apprentice millers in the skills needed to safely operate the mill, commonly weekly a morning or afternoon for at least a year. Exams are taken by the exam committee of "De Hollandse Molen" on an appointed exam mill. Those who pass are award a certificate. Though it has no official status many windmill organisations request or require this certificate of their volunteer millers. 
Until 1997 there was only a course for windmills. Since then a separate course for watermills has been set up.

</doc>
<doc id="36775269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775269" title="Ihr Tore zu Zion, BWV 193">
Ihr Tore zu Zion, BWV 193

History and words.
While living in Leipzig Bach composed several cantatas for the "Ratswechsel", the inauguration of the newly elected town council. This event took place in a festive service, which was not part of the liturgical year, on the Monday following the feast of St. Bartholomew on 24 August.
In 1723, Bach's first year in Leipzig, he began the series with .
Bach first performed "", BWV 193 on 25 August 1727 at St. Nicholas Church.
The words are by an unknown poet, who is assumed by Christoph Wolff to have been Bach's regular collaborator Picander, the librettist of the related secular cantata. The text identifies Leipzig with the holy city of Jerusalem, praising God as the protector of the "". Ideas from psalms are included, using , "The Lord loveth the gates of Zion more than all the dwellings of Jacob." in movement 1, and , "Behold, he that keepeth Israel shall neither slumber nor sleep." in movement 2.
The work shared material with a secular cantata which premiered the same month. , was a "" (drama for music) composed for the name day of Augustus II the Strong on 3 August 1727. Movements 1, 3 and 5 of "Ihr Tore zu Zion" are probably a parody of the secular work. However, the music of this piece, is also lost. According to Alfred Dürr, both works may include earlier music, perhaps composed in Köthen.
One movement of the text of "", a recitative, is lost. It is possible that a final chorus is also missing, but the cantata is normally performed with the opening chorus repeated at the end. 
The surviving music was first published in 1894. It cannot be given a satisfactory performance without a certain amount of reconstruction of lost material, as the parts for tenor and bass are missing, as is the basso continuo for all of the music. A reconstruction was made for Helmuth Rilling in 1983 by Reinhold Kubik. Ton Koopman made a version for his 1999 recording, adding a tenor voice, three trumpets and timpani, to achieve the scoring Bach usually used for festive occasions like this.
Scoring and structure.
The music survives in an incomplete state. There are vocal parts for two soloists—soprano and alto— and the top two lines of the typical four-part chorus. The parts for tenor and bass are missing. The instrumental parts which survive are for two oboes, two violins and viola. The continuo line is missing, as are parts for any additional instruments deployed by Bach. For a festive occasion he typically scored trumpets and timpani.
Music.
The chorus is opened by a long ritornello, which is repeated completely in the middle of the movement, but not in the end. The existing vocal parts suggest that the choral writing was mostly in homophony.
The first aria is a minuet in da capo form. Musicologist Julian Mincham likens the interplay of oboe and strings to music of Handel. They begin in unison, then the oboe plays only the top notes of the strings, finally it "emerges with its own melody". In the second aria for alto, oboe and continuo, the ornamentation of the oboe stands for God's blessings. Mincham concludes from the unison of voice and oboe from measure 13 that mankind is depicted in tune with it.

</doc>
<doc id="36775281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775281" title="Bernard Betke">
Bernard Betke

Bernard George Betke (April 12, 1891 – April 18, 1975) was an American sport shooter who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924, he finished in 10th place in the 25 metre rapid fire pistol competition.
He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and died in Beaufort, South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="36775298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775298" title="Alexander Hoad">
Alexander Hoad

Alexander Hoad (born April 10, 1984 in Crawley, United Kingdom) is a professional Canadian football defensive back who last played for the Helsinki Wolverines of the SAJL in Finland. He was a member of the Canada national football team in 2011. Hoad also played for the Mönchengladbach Mavericks of the GFL in 2010 and Swarco Raiders Tirol of the AFL in 2009. In 2008 after graduation Hoad signed and played arena football in the AF2 with the Quad City Steamwheelers. He played CIS football for the University of Ottawa Gee-Gees

</doc>
<doc id="36775302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775302" title="A. A. Purcell">
A. A. Purcell

Albert Arthur Purcell (3 November 1872 – 24 December 1935) was a British trade unionist and Labour Party politician. He was President of the International Federation of Trade Unions from 1924 to 1928, and sat in the House of Commons in two separate periods between 1923 and 1929.
Biography.
Purcell joined the Furnishing Trades Union in 1891. About the same time, he also joined the Social Democratic Federation. He was elected to Salford Borough Council, serving for six years, then in 1911 became Assistant General Secretary of the union, followed in 1917 by election as General Secretary. Alongside this, he served as Treasurer of the Federation of Engineering and Shipbuilding Trades for three years, then as President. He was elected to the General Council of the Trades Union Congress (TUC) in 1921, becoming President of the TUC in 1924. In 1925, he chaired a TUC delegation to the Soviet Union.
Purcell was elected at the December 1923 general election as the Member of Parliament (MP) for the city of Coventry, defeating the sitting Conservative MP Sir Edward Manville. However, at the next general election, in October 1924, he was defeated by the Conservative candidate 1923 general election.
However, Purcell was out of Parliament for only 9 months. James Wignall, the Labour MP for the Forest of Dean division of Gloucestershire, died in June 1925, and at the resulting by-election on 14 July, Purcell won the seat. He did not defend that seat at the 1929 general election, but stood instead in Manchester Moss Side, where he was defeated by the sitting Conservative MP Sir Gerald Berkeley Hurst.

</doc>
<doc id="36775304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775304" title="Reformed Church, Ilişua">
Reformed Church, Ilişua

The Reformed Church (; ) is a church in Ilişua, Sălaj, Romania, completed in the 15th century.

</doc>
<doc id="36775305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775305" title="William Whaling">
William Whaling

William John Whaling (February 26, 1894 – November 1989) was an American sport shooter who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924, he finished in 12th place in the 25 metre rapid fire pistol competition.
He was born in St. Cloud, Minnesota and died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="36775309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775309" title="HMS Heliotrope">
HMS Heliotrope

At least two ships of the British Royal Navy have been named HMS "Heliotrope" after the genus of flower.

</doc>
<doc id="36775322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775322" title="Oceania Squash Federation">
Oceania Squash Federation

The Oceania Squash Federation (OSF) was set up in 1992 regulates squash throughout Oceania.
It is based in Wanguri, Northern Territory in Australia. As of 2012 it has 12 member federations

</doc>
<doc id="36775325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775325" title="Bobtown, Pennsylvania">
Bobtown, Pennsylvania

Bobtown is an census-designated place and coal town in Greene County, Pennsylvania, United States. The Shannopin coal mine is located near Bobtown. As of the 2010 census the population was 757 residents.
On February 11, 2014, Chevron's Lanco 7H well caught fire and burned for several days. The well is located about one mile west of Bobtown on Bald Hill Church Road.
Chevron representatives distributed pizza coupons to residents as an apology.

</doc>
<doc id="36775326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775326" title="Lyubov Nikulina-Kositskaya">
Lyubov Nikulina-Kositskaya

Lyubov Pavlovna Nikulina-Kositskaya (, 27 August 1827 – 17 September 1868) was a Russian Empire theatre actress, best known for her work in the Maly Theater, notably in Alexander Ostrovsky's plays.
Biography.
Kositskaya was born in Zhdanovka village nearby Nizhny Novgorod in the family of Russian serf peasants. "We were part of the household of a man whom people were calling the Dog. We, as children, were scared even by the sound of his name, for he was for us the embodiment of horror. I was born in his house which stood on land spilled with suffering peasants’ blood and tears," she wrote in her posthumously published memoirs. When the girl was nine, the family bought out their freedom. At the age of 14 Lyuba found work as a housemaid in Nizhny Novgorod. Her mistress, a merchant woman Dolganova was kind and generous, she's given her he ward girl status and provided her with teachers who taught her reading and writing. It was in Dolganova's house that Kositskaya debuted as an amateur actress, discovering she'd got a fine singing voice too.
In April 1844, against her mother's will, Kositskaya debuted in the Kositskaya joined the Nizhny Theater where she was engaged in roles of peasant girls and servant maids and also sang in operas by Weber and Verstovsky. With a view of becoming an opera star she came to Moscow but found herself first in drama school, then, through Mikhail Shchepkin's protection, in Maly Theatre. In Maly Kositskaya married actor Ivan Nikulin, who was her second husband. This marriage was not a happy one.
Kositskaya debuted on the Maly Theatre stage in 1847 and had an instant success. In her first season she played Parasha ("Parasha the Syberian" by Nikolai Polevoy), Luisa ("Intrigue and Love" by Friedrich Schiller), Ophelia ("Hamlet" by William Shakespeare), Mikaela ("Daughter of Karl the Brave", by Vladimir Zotov). Critics praized her performances in melodramas, admitting her vaudevillian abilities were limited (due to a lack of technique). In the early 1850s she failed as Masha in Turgenev's "The Bachelor" (Schepkin's benefice) and people started talking openly of her decline.
Kositskaya's second birth on stage came with the emergence of Alexander Ostrovsky, whose 6th play (and the first to be permitted for production) "Stay in Your Own Sled" she chose for her benefice which implied a certain risk. In the role of Dunya Rusakova Kositskaya triumphed and since then appeared in many of the Ostrovsky plays staged at Maly Theatre. She reached the peak of her artistic career with thr role of Katerina in "The Storm" (1859), setting a template for many of her followers in what is now regarded as a Russian theatre classic. By the time "The Storm" was written, Ostrovsky and Kositskaya have been intimately close. There is evidence that many of the tragedy's details have found their way into the plot from the actress' telling the author about her childhood and youth spent on the Volga banks.
In 1860s Kositskaya's credo changed, she shifted to more comic roles, although one of her best moments on stage was the role of Desdemona in Othello. Kositskaya's last role was that of Lizaveta in Aleksei Pisemsky's "A Bitter Fate" (1863). For two years Ostrovsky and Kositskaya were lovers; that was the time of uncertainty and anguish, especially for Agafia Ivanovna, the author's civil wife. Finally Ostrovsky proposed to Kositskaya and she rufused him, having fallen for a young merchant's son Sokolov, one of her ardent followers. The young lover first squandered his own money, then started taking money from her and finally left the actress. Shock and humiliation caused by this betrayal hastened her early demise. 
Nikulina-Kositskaya died on September 17, 1868, in Moscow and was buried at the Vagankovo Cemetery. Ten years later her memoirs called "Notes" (Zapiski) were published by "Russkaya Starina" (1878, book XXI).

</doc>
<doc id="36775333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775333" title="Dolmen de Bagneux">
Dolmen de Bagneux

The dolmen de Bagneux is a megalith located in Saumur, France. It is one of the largest dolmen in France and in Europe.
Introduction.
The dolmen in Bagneux is probably one of the most majestic French dolmens and the largest of the 4,500 dolmens spread out on about 60 French departments. Although some portal dolmens in Gironde or in Brittany might be a little longer, such as the 'Flat Stones' in Lockmariaker, which is 23 meter long (75 feet), none is neither as high nor as voluminous. Only, the dolmen in Essé near Retiers in Ille et Vilaine, is similar in size. In Europe, although there are very large dolmens in Great Britain or Denmark, only the Spanish dolmen in Antequera, near Málaga, is bigger.
Description.
Size and temporal background.
The overall length of this dolmen is over 23 meters (75 feet) and its chamber is over 18 meters (60 feet) long. As all dolmen, the 'Great Covered stone' in Bagneux, was a large chamber tomb which must have contained a great number of prehistoric skeletons during the neolothic period, i.e. from 4,000 to 2,000 B.C., that is about 5,000 years ago. That took place long before Gallic times, since the Gauls only appeared between 700 and 600 B.C.
Materials.
The flagstones of tertiary sandstone which make up the monument do not come from very far away. A layer of these sandstones, more or less dislocated, exists on the nearby heights of Bournand and Terrefort. The flagstones of the dolmen were probably scattered on the slopes of the hill from where they were pushed down, which meant a transport of 200 to 400 meters. It is noteworthy that the dolmen is oriented SE as nearly all dolmens in Anjou.
Description.
The dolmen is composed of an intact chamber and of a damaged porch. The chamber is almost rectangular, only a little narrower on the entrance side. It is made of a single bottom flagstone, 4 supports on the northern side, 4 on the southern side, 4 covering stones and 2 flagstones framing the door. The stone on the right and side, when you look at the monument, is very thin and not very old. It is used to hide a recent wall, which could probably be destroyed. The support, in the middle of the chamber, does not support anything: it is probably what is left of a dividing wall. Such walls are very common among the dolmens of Anjou. The chamber is thus made of 15 flagstones and two wedging stones. Other wedging stones are probably still buried.
Legal status.
The Dolmen de Bagneux is located on a private area and, as a matter of fact, is also a private property. Yet, its commercial exploitation is ruled by the protection and the conservation of the monuments classés of Monuments historiques (France)
References.
Site internet du Dolmen de Bagneux

</doc>
<doc id="36775334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775334" title="Varon">
Varon

Varon or Varón is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36775347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775347" title="Charles Bounton">
Charles Bounton

Charles Edward Bounton (1880 – 1968) was a British sport shooter who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924, he finished in 13th place in the 25 metre rapid fire pistol competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36775362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775362" title="International Academy of Osteopathy">
International Academy of Osteopathy

The International Academy of Osteopathy (IAO) is an international school offering academic training in osteopathy. The training is in accordance with the Bologna process. Degrees offered by IAO to students include a Diploma in Osteopathy, a Bachelor of Sciences with Honours in Osteopathy, or a Master of Science in Osteopathy due to the cooperation of universities such as The University of Wales and The University of Applied Sciences Tyrol.
History.
The International Academy of Osteopathy (IAO) was founded in 1987 by Grégoire Lason (MSc. Ost.), Luc Peeters (MSc. Ost.) and Michel Janssens (MSc. Ost.). In 1987, its first school was founded in Germany; in 1992 a second school followed in Norway,and in 1992, a third, in Belgium—the first to offer full-time study. The teachers of the IAO obtained a university diploma in osteopathic medicine. The academy extended its operations to Copenhagen, Denmark, in 2000, Austria in 2005, and Switzerland in 2006.
Ten years after its inception, on March 27, 1997, the school obtained the ISO 9001 Quality Label, the first European osteopathy school to receive this label. Since December 2010, the school has conformed to the indicative curriculum of the WHO “Benchmarks for Training in Osteopathy", published in 2010.
The IAO fought for the academisation and recognition of osteopathy and summoned the Belgian government on May 16, 2008 because of the non-execution of the law on non-conventional medicine. This law caused the start of the recognition of 4 complementary methods of treatment: osteopathy, chiropractic, acupuncture and homeopathy. As of 2012, there is still no further result of this law and also no concrete legal approach to osteopathy.” The IAO was put in the right by the court of first instance in Brussels. The IAO appealed. This procedure is still running.
As of 2012, over 2000 students currently study at the IAO (of which about 100 are general practitioners, the others being physiotherapists or high school graduates) from 17 countries.
Mission.
IAO’s mission is "to form our students into safe, independent and complete osteopathic practitioners." The IAO also promotes the academisation of the osteopathic profession and the recognition of the profession in the countries where it offers education.
Its clinic in Ghent, Belgium examines and treats patients that can benefit from free osteopathic treatment.
Collaboration.
The IAO maintains academic relations with several schools, universities and professional associations.
In 2004, the courses of the IAO were validated by The University of Wales, a UK institution that in 2011 was ordered by the UK government to cease validating outside degrees. In 2005, the IAO became a member of the Osteopathic International Alliance (OIA), an organization that advances the philosophy and practice of osteopathic medicine and osteopathy worldwide.
On May 18, 2006, the IAO and other European schools co-founded the European Register for Professional Osteopaths (ERPO), which organizes cooperation between schools offering academic training in osteopathy in Europe. 
In January 2009, the IAO came to an agreement with fhg Innsbruck, thereby allowing IAO graduates to obtain a Master of Science in Osteopathy. In June 2009, IAO and COTN in Lille, France, launched an academic project in which both schools will collaborate on training, post academic training, research and exchange of students and teachers. Graduates of both schools are recognized osteopaths in Belgium and France, and may obtain the Bachelor of Science in osteopathy diploma.
Locations.
The IAO offers training in Belgium (Antwerp, Ghent, Louvain-la-Neuve), Netherlands (Zeist), Germany (Berlin, Bonlanden, Darmstadt, Dortmund, Dresden, Erlangen, Hamburg, Leipzig, Melle, Munich, Neuss, Passau, Stuttgart), Austria (Innsbruck, Vienna), Switzerland (Brunnen), Denmark (Copenhagen) and Turkey (Istanbul).
Management.
Since 1987, the IAO has been managed by Grégoire Lason and Luc Peeters. The management is supported by five vice-principals: Hugo De Cock, Jo Parmentier, Johan Schelpe, Peter Frassmann and Marc Asche.

</doc>
<doc id="36775377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775377" title="Varona">
Varona

Varona or de Varona is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36775385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775385" title="John Edgar Gould">
John Edgar Gould

John Edgar Gould (1821-1875) was a composer and publisher of hymns. He was born in Bangor, Maine and died in Algiers, Algeria while traveling. 
Gould managed music stores in New York and Philadelphia (where he lived), and collaborated with composer William Fischer. Gould's published collections of hymns include: 
He was best known for composing the tune to the popular "Jesus, Savior, Pilot Me", whose text was written by Edward Hopper.

</doc>
<doc id="36775418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775418" title="James Wignall">
James Wignall

James Wignall (21 July 1856 – 10 June 1925) was a British Labour Party politician. He sat in the House of Commons from 1918 to 1925.
Wignall was elected at the December 1918 general election as the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Forest of Dean division of Gloucestershire, defeating the sitting Liberal Party MP Sir Henry Webb, Bt. He was re-elected three times, in 1922, 1923 and 1924, and held the seat until his death in June 1925, aged 68. At the resulting by-election on 14 July, the seat was held by the Labour candidate Albert Arthur Purcell.

</doc>
<doc id="36775421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775421" title="Burl Osborne">
Burl Osborne

Burl Osborne (c. 1937 – August 15, 2012) was an American reporter and publisher. He served on the board of directors for the Associated Press for fourteen years, including a five-year stint as the board's chairman from 2002 until 2007.
Osborne began his career as a correspondent for the Associated Press, based in Bluefield, West Virginia, for approximately twenty years. He then served as an Associated Press managing editor from 1977 to 1980.
He also worked as a longtime employee and executive at Belo, a media company headquartered in Dallas, Texas, for twenty-five years. Osborne worked as the editor and then the publisher of the "Dallas Morning News" while at Belo. He would later become the president of Belo's publishing arm and a member of the board of directors before retiring in 2007 as a publisher emeritus.
Osborne died of a brief illness at a hospital in Dallas on August 15, 2012, at the age of 75. He was survived by his wife, Betty, and a son, Jonathan.

</doc>
<doc id="36775439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775439" title="Open Forum for CSO Development Effectiveness">
Open Forum for CSO Development Effectiveness

Historical background.
The Open Forum is part of the international aid effectiveness process, which started in the early 2000s to address the ways to improve aid performance. To date, four High Level Forums on Aid Effectiveness have taken place in Rome, Italy (2003), Paris, France (2005), Accra, Ghana (2008) and Busan, Republic of Korea (2011). At first, discussions on aid effectiveness were mostly led by donors and partner governments. But at the 3rd High Level Forum on Aid Effectiveness in 2008, civil society achieved recognition of independent development actor. Civil society is an important partner in the International Health Partnership (IHP+), which puts international principles for effective aid and development cooperation into practice in the health sector.
Open Forum was created in June 2008 with the aim to build a global civil society consensus on the role and effectiveness of CSOs in development.
Worldwide consultations.
To achieve its objective, Open Forum facilitated numerous national, regional, global and thematic consultations with CSOs around the world regarding the standards that guide their work.
International framework.
The agreement coming out of the Open Forum consultations is titled the Siem Reap Consensus on the International Framework for CSO Development Effectiveness. It is a collective statement by CSOs from different countries and regions on the common standards guiding their development work. The International Framework is notable in that it consolidates inputs of a multitude of civil society actors from across the world in one statement. It was finalized at the Open Forum Global Assembly in Siem Reap, Cambodia (June 2011).
Istanbul Principles.
The eight Istanbul Principles for CSO Development Effectiveness are part of the International Framework for CSO Development Effectiveness. They came out of the Open Forum consultations as the guiding values for the development work of CSOs. The Istanbul Principles were endorsed at the Global Assembly of the Open Forum Istanbul, Turkey (September 2010) and include: 
Global Partnership.
The 4th High-Level Forum on Aid Effectiveness (Busan, Republic of Korea, 2011), or HLF4, was the first time that civil society officially took part in negotiations on aid effectiveness on an equal basis with partner governments and donors. The outcome agreement of HLF4 – the Global Partnership for Effective Development Cooperation – includes both the International Framework for CSO Development Effectiveness and the Istanbul Principles in its Article 22 
In conjunction with HLF4, the Istanbul Principles have received recognition from individual development stakeholders including the United States and the European Union.
Talaat Abdel-Malek, who formerly chaired the OECD/DAC Working Party on Aid Effectiveness, explains the structure of the new Global Partnership in an interview in the magazine D+C Development and Cooperation.

</doc>
<doc id="36775486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775486" title="Constraint (classical mechanics)">
Constraint (classical mechanics)

In classical mechanics, a constraint is a relation between coordinates and momenta (and possibly higher derivatives of the coordinates). In other words, a constraint is a restriction on the freedom of movement of a system of particles.

</doc>
<doc id="36775499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775499" title="Oleg Eremeev">
Oleg Eremeev

Oleg Arcadievich Eremeev (; September 28, 1922, Petrograd, Soviet Russia) is a Soviet Russian painter, People's Artist of the Russian Federation, a head of the Repin Institute of Arts (1990-2001), a member of the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists (before 1992 known as the Leningrad Union of Artists), who live and worke in Saint Petersburg, regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting, most famous for his genre and portrait paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="36775503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775503" title="Epicephala vitididaea">
Epicephala vitididaea

Epicephala vitisidaea is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in China (Fujian).
The larvae feed on "Breynia vitis-idaea".

</doc>
<doc id="36775513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775513" title="Saal Greenstein syndrome">
Saal Greenstein syndrome

Saal Greenstein syndrome is a very rare autosomal recessive genetic disorder characterized by stunted growth, short limbs, microcephaly, and an anomalous cleavage of the anterior chamber of the eye. The disorder is similar to Robinow syndrome except for anterior chamber anomalies and, in one case, hydrocephalus.

</doc>
<doc id="36775517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775517" title="Epicephala mirivalvata">
Epicephala mirivalvata

Epicephala mirivalvata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in China (Fujian and Hainan).
The larvae feed on "Breynia fruticosa" and "Breynia rostrata".

</doc>
<doc id="36775525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775525" title="Epicephala lativalvaris">
Epicephala lativalvaris

Epicephala lativalvaris is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in China (Hong Kong, Guangdong, Fujian and Hainan).
The larvae feed on "Breynia fruticosa" and "Breynia rostrata".

</doc>
<doc id="36775534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775534" title="Epicephala lanceolaria">
Epicephala lanceolaria

Epicephala lanceolaria is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in China (Hong Kong, Guangdong and Hainan).
The larvae feed on "Glochidion lanceolarium".

</doc>
<doc id="36775551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775551" title="Epicephala eriocarpa">
Epicephala eriocarpa

Epicephala eriocarpa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in China (Fujian).
The larvae feed on "Glochidion eriocarpum".

</doc>
<doc id="36775552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775552" title="Braddock's Battlefield History Center">
Braddock's Battlefield History Center

Braddock's Battlefield History Center is a small American museum and visitors center on the site of the Battle of the Monongahela of 9 July 1755. 
It features a collection of art, documents, and artifacts about the Braddock Expedition and the French and Indian War as it unfolded at the Forks of the Ohio. Located seven miles (10 km) east of downtown Pittsburgh in North Braddock, Pennsylvania, it is housed in a renovated car dealership on a three acre parcel on a hillside that overlooks the Monongahela River Valley and the historic Edgar Thomson Works of United States Steel. 
The museum was created by Robert T. Messner, a retired Pittsburgh lawyer, with the support of local foundations, and it opened to the public on 18 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36775555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775555" title="Dleskovec Plateau">
Dleskovec Plateau

The Dleskovec Plateau (), probably named after Mount Dleskovec () in its central part, rarely also named the Vestibule (), is a karstified mountain plateau in the eastern part of the Kamnik–Savinja Alps in northern Slovenia. It lies between the Roban Valley, the Upper Savinja Valley, and the Lučka Bela Valley, to the southeast of Mount Ojstrica and to the northeast of the Velika Planina Plateau. It is oriented in the direction from the southeast to the northwest. It covers an area of about and is partly overgrown by forest and Mountain Pine. The highest point of the plateau is Mount Big Peak (; ), also located in its central part. Administratively, the Dleskovec Plateau belongs to the settlement of Podveža in the Municipality of Luče.
There are several mountain pastures on the plateau. On the southern side, there are Podvežak Pasture () with a hut, Ravne Pasture, and Vodole Pasture. There is also Planinšek Farm or Planica, which is the highest-lying farm on the plateau. On the northern side, the largest is Molič Pasture () with Kocbek Refuge. Above the latter stands a chapel dedicated to Sts. Cyril and Methodius (). Vodotočnik Pasture is situated in the western part. On this pasture, there are a small heart-shaped pond and a shepherd hut. The pond is a bit over long and about deep. Below Vodotočnik Pasture, there is a scree slope. On the slope north of it, there are some hummocky meadows.
The relief, formed of Triassic carbonate rocks, is intersected with grooves, grykes, sinkholes, and chasms, the deepest of which has a depth of over . It has been significantly altered by glaciers in the Pleistocene and by snow. There are almost no streams on the plateau. The climate is Alpine, with the average yearly temperature about 0 °C, the average winter temperature about -7 °C, and the average summer temperature about 7.5 °C. The plateau is mostly overgrown by deciduous forest, with predominance of beech ("Fagus sylvatica"), larch ("Larix decidua"), and spruce ("Picea abies"). A forest reserve with an area of is situated at the extreme northwest of the plateau.

</doc>
<doc id="36775560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775560" title="She Wolf (Falling to Pieces)">
She Wolf (Falling to Pieces)

"She Wolf (Falling to Pieces)" is a song performed by French DJ and music producer David Guetta, featuring vocals from Australian recording artist Sia. It was released as the lead single from the re-release of "Nothing But the Beat", "Nothing But the Beat 2.0", and tallies as the album's seventh single overall. It was released via digital download on August 21, 2012.
Background.
Prior to its official release on August 21, 2012, an EP of remixes of the track, featuring contributions from Michael Calfan and Sandro Silva, was made available for a short time exclusively via Beatport, on August 7, 2012. The official release then followed on August 21, 2012, before the track was issued in the form of CD single and 12" vinyl in Germany on August 24, 2012. The single was released in the United Kingdom on September 10, 2012, on the date of the album's release. It peaked at #8 on the UK Singles Chart. Although this song failed to chart the US "Billboard" Hot 100, it topped the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Songs chart, making it Guetta's seventh number-one on the chart.
Music video.
Background.
On September 21, 2012, a lyric video for the track was uploaded to Guetta's official VEVO channel. On September 26, 2012, a trailer for the music video was released, with an official premiere date of October 3, 2012, revealed. An official video for the track was uploaded to Guetta's official VEVO channel on September 28, 2012.
Synopsis.
The video starts off with a shot of a naked woman, then it moves on to a wounded wolf running from a handful of human hunters. It is shown that the wolf is supernatural, as it is able to make the hunters "explode" on every breakdown of the song. The "explosions" depict the hunters and the landscape as composed by tiny polygons, as if everything were part of a computer simulated reality. At the end of the music video, the canine then transforms back into the naked woman at the start. 
The video tells a story- both the video and the lyrics - the she-wolf was once a woman who fell for and loved the hunter, but was shunned because of his guilt when he lay with her - giving into the "sin". The man turned on her and wounded her, and she fell to pieces, becoming the she wolf. Her softness vanished, replaced by razor sharp edges. Cornered and wounded, the wolf destroys those who would kill her heart. The woman may mourn afterwards, looking out across a desolate sea, but the she-wolf survives. She will always survive. This is the second time that neither Guetta nor Sia make an appearance in the video.
Location.
The video was shot on-location in Iceland, at Langjökull, and at Reykjanes, in Krýsuvík and near Reykjanesviti.
Critical reception.
Robert Copsey of "Digital Spy" blog gave the song a mixed review stating:
After a global conquering hook-up with Flo Rida she's returned to where it all began with David Guetta, who'll be hoping that lightning strikes twice after the spectacular and chart-topping 'Titanium'. Once again, it's the heartfelt lyrics that shine over the handbag house as she confesses: "You hunted me down like a wolf, a predator/ ...I felt like a deer in your lights" with the same inimitable gusto. The result is nothing we haven't heard already, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. .

</doc>
<doc id="36775566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775566" title="Epicephala bipollenella">
Epicephala bipollenella

Epicephala bipollenella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in China (Fujian).
The larvae feed on "Glochidion hirsutum" and "Glochidion zeylanicum".

</doc>
<doc id="36775568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775568" title="The Turn of the Lights">
The Turn of the Lights

The Turn of the Lights is the third solo album of Brazilian vocalist/pianist Andre Matos.

</doc>
<doc id="36775638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775638" title="Idritsa">
Idritsa

Idritsa () is an urban locality (a work settlement) in Sebezhsky District of Pskov Oblast, Russia, located on the Idritsa River, a left tributary of the Velikaya River. Municipally, it is incorporated as Idritsa Urban Settlement, one of the three urban settlements in the district. Population: 
History.
Idritsa was founded in the end of the 19th century as a settlement serving a railway station of Moscow-Vindava Railway. It belonged to Sebezhsky Uyezd of Pskov Governorate (before 1924 - of Vitebsk Governorate).
On August 1, 1927, the uyezds were abolished and Idritsky District was established, with the administrative center in Idritsa. It included parts of former Sebezhsky Uyezd. The governorates were abolished as well, and the district became a part of Velikiye Luki Okrug of Leningrad Oblast. On June 17, 1929, the district was transferred to Western Oblast. On July 23, 1930, the okrugs were also abolished, and the districts were directly subordinated to the oblast. On January 1, 1932 Idritsky District was abolished and split between Sebezhsky and Pustoshkinsky Districts. On June 1, 1936 it was re-established as a part of Velikiye Luki Okrug of Kalinin Oblast, one of the okrugs abutting the state boundaries of the Soviet Union. On May 4, 1938 the district was transferred to Opochka Okrug. In 1938, Idritsa was granted urban-type settlement status.
On February 5, 1941, Opochka Okrug was abolished. Between July 15, 1941 and July 12, 1944, Idritsa was occupied by German troops. In July 1944, the Soviet Army recaptured Idritsa after heavy fighting. On August 22, 1944, the district was transferred to newly established Velikiye Luki Oblast. On October 2, 1957 Velikiye Luki Oblast was abolished, and Idritsky District was transferred to Pskov Oblast. On October 3, 1959, Idritsky District was abolished and merged into Sebezhsky District.
Economy.
Industry.
Idritsa has a flax production factory and a works producing electrotechnical equipment.
Transportation.
The M9 highway which connects Moscow and Riga passes immediately north of Idritsa. There are also local roads.
Idritsa has a railway station on the railway connecting Moscow and Riga.
Culture and recreation.
Idritsa contains three cultural heritage monuments of local significance. All of them are monuments to soldiers fallen in World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="36775641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775641" title="Bubble Shooter">
Bubble Shooter

Bubble Shooter is a casual game of the marble popper genre with elements of puzzle and shooter. "Bubble Shooter" is clone of the Puzzle Bobble 2 game created by Taito Corporation in 1995. Esy-to-learn concept of the game allowed it to develop into an independent self-titled genre of arcade games.
History.
"Bubble Shooter" is clone of the Puzzle Bobble 2 game created by Taito Corporation in 1995.
The first Bubble Shooter game for Windows PC was released on March 26, 2001 by a casual game developer and publisher Absolutist (It should be noted that the game Snood was created and playable on other platforms before this date, but the date Snood became available for windows PC may be later than this date.). The game had been considered as a product for children for a long time. But addictive mechanics of the game won a wider audience of teens and adults. Due to its simplicity, the game quickly spread to portable devices. Short game sessions made Bubble Shooter popular on many sites and is used to generate traffic and audience for advertising. A free flash version of the game found its place on the major gaming portals like GameHouse, WildTangent, SpilGames, Kaisergames.
Gameplay.
The screen of the game consists of a grid of cells, filled with rows of colored balls. The color scheme of the balls varies depending on the complexity of the game. The player sees the current and next ball for a shot. The limit of misses depends on a level of difficulty. The trajectory of the ball shot changes by moving the cursor. There are two game modes: 
Rules.
The task of the game is to clear the playing field by forming groups of three or more like-colored marbles. The game ends when the balls reach the bottom line of the screen. The goal of the game is to get the highest possible score. A player wins when there are no balls remaining on the playing field. There are 4 difficulty levels in the game: EasyRide, Novice, Expert, Master. Two scoring modes: Classic, Sniper. The Classic Mode suggests slow-paced gameplay with no time or shots limits. The goal of the Sniper Mode is to clear the playfield using minimum shots.
Strategy.
The main objective is to destroy all the marbles. To achieve this goal, a player can apply different strategies:
Bonuses.
The more balls destroyed in one shot, the more points scored.
Audience.
In general, this type of casual games has garnered audience of more than 200 million players around the world.
In 2010, the casual games industry earned about $6 billion from mobile devices, social media, PC, Mac and Xbox Live platforms.
Demographically an average player of casual games is over 35 years old. Large circle of gamers have an equal number of women and men.

</doc>
<doc id="36775648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775648" title="SSL termination proxy">
SSL termination proxy

An SSL termination proxy is a proxy server that is used by an institution to handle incoming SSL connections, decrypting the SSL and passing on the unencrypted request to the institution's other servers (it is assumed that the institution's own network is secure so the user's session data does not need to be encrypted on that part of the link). SSL termination proxies are used to reduce the load on the main servers by offloading the cryptographic processing to another machine. Wikipedia uses Nginx as its SSL termination proxy.

</doc>
<doc id="36775689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775689" title="Terror Television American Series 1970–1999">
Terror Television American Series 1970–1999

Terror Television American Series 1970–1999 is an American reference book by John Kenneth Muir that documents television horror shows from 1970 to 1999.
Format.
The book is categorized into three parts. Part 1, "The Horror Series", chronicles three types of programs. First the anthology series features shows including "Night Gallery", "Tales from the Darkside", "Tales from the Crypt", Second the adventure format includes shows like "The X-Files", ' and "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". Third the soap opera format including "Twin Peaks", ' and "American Gothic". Part 2, "If It Sounds Like Horror..." features series including "Amazing Stories", "The Munsters Today", "Nowhere Man" and "Sabrina, the Teenage Witch". Part 3, "Further Thoughts" compiles lists including the 10 Best and 10 worst terror television shows.
Reception.
"Booklist" gave a positive review citing it as "useful" and praising the author's dedication.

</doc>
<doc id="36775691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775691" title="David Vaughan (politician)">
David Vaughan (politician)

David John Vaughan (15 November 1873 – 23 November 1938) was a British Labour Party politician. He sat in the House of Commons from 1929 to 1931.
Vaughan unsuccessfully contested Bristol South at three successive general elections, in 1922, 1923 and 1924.
He finally won a seat at the 1929 general election, when he was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Forest of Dean division of Gloucestershire, replacing the sitting Labour MP Albert Arthur Purcell who did not defend the seat. However, at the next general election, in 1931, Vaughan was defeated by Dr. John Vigers Worthington, standing as a National Labour candidate.

</doc>
<doc id="36775699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775699" title="SM U-121">
SM U-121

SM "U-121" was a Type UE II long-range minelaying U-boat of the Imperial German Navy intended for service in the Mediterranean. The Austro-Hungarian Navy allocated her the number SM "U-84". She was built at Hamburg, Germany, by Aktiengesellschaft Vulcan and launched on 20 September 1918. Completed after the Armistice she was never commissioned in the Imperial German Navy but handed over to France on 9 March 1919. She was sunk as target off Cherbourg on 1 July 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="36775710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775710" title="Ballinskelligs Castle">
Ballinskelligs Castle

Ballinskelligs Castle is a castle located near Ballinskelligs on the Iveragh Peninsula in Kerry, Ireland. The castle is situated on the western shore of Ballinskelligs Bay, on a narrow promontory which is subject to heavy erosion. The castle was constructed by the MacCarthy Mórs in the 16th century to protect the bay from pirates, and possibly in order to charge a tariff on incoming trade vessels. 

</doc>
<doc id="36775723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775723" title="German submarine U-326">
German submarine U-326

German submarine "U-326" was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She carried out one patrol but sank or damaged no ships.
The boat was sunk in May 1945 in the Bay of Biscay by an American aircraft.
Service history.
The submarine was laid down on 26 April 1943 by the Flender Werke yard at Lübeck as 'werk' 326, launched on 22 April 1944 and commissioned on 6 June under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Peter Matthes.
She served with the 4th U-boat Flotilla for training, from 6 June 1944 to 28 February 1945. She was then transferred to the 11th flotilla for operations on 1 March.
Patrol.
Having carried out a series of short voyages between Kiel in Germany and Horten, Stavanger and Bergen in Norway in February and March 1945, "U-326" departed Bergen on 28 March and passing western Scotland and Ireland, entered the Bay of Biscay.
Fate.
The boat was sunk by a homing torpedo dropped from an American B-24 Liberator west of Brest on 25 April 1945.
Forty-three men died; there were no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="36775728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775728" title="Weyl metrics">
Weyl metrics

In general relativity, the Weyl metrics (named after the German-American mathematician Hermann Weyl) refer to the class of "static" and "axisymmetric" solutions to Einstein's field equation. Three members in the renowned Kerr–Newman family solutions, namely the Schwarzschild, nonextremal Reissner–Nordström and extremal Reissner–Nordström metrics, can be identified as Weyl-type metrics.
Standard Weyl metrics.
The Weyl class of solutions has the generic form
formula_1
where formula_2 and formula_3 are two metric potentials dependent on "Weyl's canonical coordinates" formula_4. The coordinate system formula_5 serves best for symmetries of Weyl's spacetime (with two Killing vector fields being formula_6 and formula_7) and often acts like cylindrical coordinates, but is "incomplete" when describing a black hole as formula_4 only cover the horizon and its exteriors.
Hence, to determine a static axisymmetric solution corresponding to a specific stress–energy tensor formula_9, we just need to substitute the Weyl metric Eq(1) into Einstein's equation (with c=G=1):
formula_10
and work out the two functions formula_2 and formula_3.
Reduced field equations for electrovac Weyl solutions.
One of the best investigated and most useful Weyl solutions is the electrovac case, where formula_9 comes from the existence of (Weyl-type) electromagnetic field (without matter and current flows). As we know, given the electromagnetic four-potential formula_14, the anti-symmetric electromagnetic field formula_15 and the trace-free stress–energy tensor formula_9 formula_17 will be respectively determined by
formula_18
formula_19
which respects the source-free covariant Maxwell equations:
formula_20
Eq(5.a) can be simplified to:
formula_21
in the calculations as formula_22. Also, since formula_23 for electrovacuum, Eq(2) reduces to
formula_24
Now, suppose the Weyl-type axisymmetric electrostatic potential is formula_25 (the component formula_26 is actually the electromagnetic scalar potential), and together with the Weyl metric Eq(1), Eqs(3)(4)(5)(6) imply that
formula_27 
formula_28 
formula_29 
formula_30 
formula_31
where formula_32 yields Eq(7.a), formula_33 or formula_34 yields Eq(7.b), formula_35 or formula_36 yields Eq(7.c), formula_37 yields Eq(7.d), and Eq(5.b) yields Eq(7.e). Here formula_38 and formula_39 are respectively the Laplace and gradient operators. Moreover, if we suppose formula_40 in the sense of matter-geometry interplay and assume asymptotic flatness, we will find that Eqs(7.a-e) implies a characteristic relation that
formula_41
Specifically in the simplest vacuum case with formula_42 and formula_43, Eqs(7.a-7.e) reduce to
formula_44
formula_45
formula_46
formula_47
We can firstly obtain formula_2 by solving Eq(8.b), and then integrate Eq(8.c) and Eq(8.d) for formula_3. Practically, Eq(8.a) arising from formula_32 just works as a consistency relation or integrability condition.
Unlike the nonlinear Poisson's equation Eq(7.b), Eq(8.a) is the linear Laplace equation; that is to say, superposition of given vacuum solutions to Eq(8.a) is still a solution. This fact has a widely application, such as to analytically distort a Schwarzschild black hole.
Box A: Remarks on the electrovac field equation
We employed the axisymmetric Laplace and gradient operators to write Eqs(7.a-7.e) and Eqs(8.a-8.d) in a compact way, which is very useful in the derivation of the characteristic relation Eq(7.f). In the literature, Eqs(7.a-7.e) and Eqs(8.a-8.d) are often written in the following forms as well:
formula_51
formula_52
formula_53 
formula_54 
formula_55
and
formula_56
formula_57
formula_58
formula_59
Box B: Derivation of the Weyl electrovac formula_60 characteristic relation
Considering the interplay between spacetime geometry and energy-matter distributions, it is natural to assume that in Eqs(7.a-7.e) the metric function formula_2 relates with the electrostatic scalar potential formula_62 via a function formula_40 (which means geometry depends on energy), and it follows that
formula_64
Eq(B.1) immediately turns Eq(7.b) and Eq(7.e) respectively into
formula_65
formula_66
which give rise to
formula_67
Now replace the variable formula_68 by formula_69, and Eq(B.4) is simplified to
formula_70
Direct quadrature of Eq(B.5) yields formula_71, with formula_72 being integral constants. To resume asymptotic flatness at spatial infinity, we need formula_73 and formula_74, so there should be formula_75. Also, rewrite the constant formula_76 as formula_77 for mathematical convenience in subsequent calculations, and one finally obtains the characteristic relation implied by Eqs(7.a-7.e) that
formula_78
This relation is important in linearize the Eqs(7.a-7.f) and superpose electrovac Weyl solutions.
Newtonian analogue of metric potential Ψ(ρ,z).
In Weyl's metric Eq(1), formula_79; thus in the approximation for weak field limit formula_80, one has
formula_81
and therefore
formula_82
This is pretty analogous to the well-known approximate metric for static and weak gravitational fields generated by low-mass celestial bodies like the Sun and Earth,
formula_83
where formula_84 is the usual "Newtonian" potential satisfying Poisson's equation formula_85, just like Eq(3.a) or Eq(4.a) for the Weyl metric potential formula_2. The similarities between formula_2 and formula_84 inspire people to find out the "Newtonian analogue" of formula_2 when studying Weyl class of solutions; that is, to reproduce formula_2 nonrelativistically by certain type of Newtonian sources. The Newtonian analogue of formula_2 proves quite helpful in specifying particular Weyl-type solutions and extending existing Weyl-type solutions.
Schwarzschild solution.
The Weyl potentials generating Schwarzschild's metric as solutions to the vacuum equations Eq(8) are given by
formula_92
where
formula_93
From the perspective of Newtonian analogue, formula_94 equals the gravitational potential produced by a rod of mass formula_95 and length formula_96 placed symmetrically on the formula_97-axis; that is, by a line mass of uniform density formula_98 embedded the interval formula_99. (Note: Based on this analogue, important extensions of the Schwarzschild metric have been developed, as discussed in ref.)
Given formula_94 and formula_101, Weyl's metric Eq(\ref{Weyl metric in canonical coordinates}) becomes
formula_102
and after substituting the following mutually consistent relations
formula_103
formula_104
one can obtain the common form of Schwarzschild metric in the usual formula_105 coordinates,
formula_106
The metric Eq(14) cannot be directly transformed into Eq(16) by performing the standard cylindrical-spherical transformation formula_107, because formula_105 is complete while formula_109 is incomplete. This is why we call formula_5 in Eq(1) as Weyl's canonical coordinates rather than cylindrical coordinates, although they have a lot in common; for example, the Laplacian formula_111 in Eq(7) is exactly the two-dimensional geometric Laplacian in cylindrical coordinates.
Nonextremal Reissner–Nordström solution.
The Weyl potentials generating the nonextremal Reissner–Nordström solution (formula_112) as solutions to Eqs(7} are given by
formula_113
where
formula_114
Thus, given formula_115 and formula_116, Weyl's metric becomes
formula_117
and employing the following transformations
formula_118
formula_119
one can obtain the common form of non-extremal Reissner–Nordström metric in the usual formula_105 coordinates,
formula_121
Extremal Reissner–Nordström solution.
The potentials generating the extremal Reissner–Nordström solution (formula_122) as solutions to Eqs(7} are given by (Note: We treat the extremal solution separately because it is much more than the degenerate state of the nonextremal counterpart.)
formula_123
Thus, the extremal Reissner–Nordström metric reads
formula_124
and by substituting
formula_125
we obtain the extremal Reissner–Nordström metric in the usual formula_105 coordinates,
formula_127
Mathematically, the extremal Reissner–Nordström can be obtained by taking the limit formula_128 of the corresponding nonextremal equation, and in the meantime we need to use the L'Hospital rule sometimes.
Remarks: Weyl's metrics Eq(1) with the vanishing potential formula_3 (like the extremal Reissner–Nordström metric) constitute a special subclass which have only one metric potential formula_2 to be identified. Extending this subclass by canceling the restriction of axisymmetry, one obtains another useful class of solutions (still using Weyl's coordinates), namely the "conformastatic" metrics,
formula_131
where we use formula_132 in Eq(22) as the single metric function in place of formula_68 in Eq(1) to emphasize that they are different by axial symmetry (formula_134-dependence).
Weyl vacuum solutions in spherical coordinates.
Weyl's metric can also be expressed in spherical coordinates that
formula_135
which equals Eq(1) via the coordinate transformation formula_136 (Note: As shown by Eqs(15)(21)(24), this transformation is not always applicable.) In the vacuum case, Eq(8.b) for formula_137 becomes
formula_138
The asymptotically flat solutions to Eq(28) is
formula_139
where formula_140 represent Legendre polynomials, and formula_141 are multipole coefficients. The other metric potential formula_142is given by
formula_143 formula_144 formula_145

</doc>
<doc id="36775743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775743" title="Conocephalum conicum">
Conocephalum conicum

Conocephalum conicum, the snakeskin liverwort, is a liverwort species in the genus "Conocephalum ".
A lunularic acid decarboxylase has been detected from "C. conicum".
The larvae of the moth "Epimartyria pardella" feed on "C. conicum".

</doc>
<doc id="36775757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775757" title="Van Voorhis, Pennsylvania">
Van Voorhis, Pennsylvania

Van Voorhis is a census-designated place and coal town in Fallowfield Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania, United States. As of the 2010 census the population was 166 residents.

</doc>
<doc id="36775784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775784" title="Veža">
Veža

Veža may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36775791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775791" title="Manifold, Pennsylvania">
Manifold, Pennsylvania

Manifold is an unincorporated community and coal town in Washington County, Pennsylvania, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36775800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775800" title="Sony Xperia tipo">
Sony Xperia tipo

The Sony Xperia tipo is a mid-range Android smartphone manufactured by Sony Mobile Communications. The device was released globally during August 2012. There is a dual-SIM version of the Xperia tipo available in certain countries known as the Xperia tipo dual.
Availability.
The phone was officially announced with the Sony Xperia miro by Sony Mobile Communications on 13 June 2012 and was officially released worldwide during August 2012. The Xperia tipo will be available in Classic Black, Classic White, Deep Red and Navy Blue while the Xperia tipo dual will be only be available in Classic Black and Silver.
Hardware.
The device measures 103 by 57 by 13 mm and weighs 99.4 grams. It features a capacitive touchscreen display which measures 3.2 inches with a resolution of 320 x 480 pixels at 180 ppi with multitouch support and is capable of displaying 262,000 colours. The glass of the display is made from scratch resistant glass. The camera of the device has 3.2 megapixels capable of 4x digital zoom and supports VGA video recording, it does not have a front facing camera. It has a Qualcomm Snapdragon S1 MSM7225A single-core 800 MHz ARM Cortex-A5 processor with 2.9 GB of internal memory with up to 2.5 GB user-accessible memory and also has an external slot which supports a maximum 32GB external memory on microSD card.
Tipo Dual.
Other than having another sim card slot, the Xperia tipo and Xperia tipo dual are the same. However, the Xperia tipo dual is only available in black and silver, rather than black, silver, red and blue. Only one SIM is used at a time; a hardware button on the right hand side of the device is used to switch between them.
Software.
The device runs on Android 4.0.4 (ice cream sandwich) operating system and is integrated with Sony's social media service called Timescape. The software also includes Sony's xLOUD audio filter technology for better music experience and it features stereo FM radio with RDS. Similar to the Xperia miro, the phone is capable of 3D and Motion gaming and is also connected to the Sony Entertainment Network, allowing users to access Music & Video Unlimited.

</doc>
<doc id="36775817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775817" title="Hazel Kirk, Pennsylvania">
Hazel Kirk, Pennsylvania

Hazel Kirk is an unincorporated community and coal town located in Washington County, in the southwestern corner of the American state of Pennsylvania. Hazel Kirk was part of Carroll Township and was the location of four bituminous coal mines, known as "Hazel Kirk Mine," "Hazel Kirk No. 1," "Hazel Kirk No. 2," and "Hazel Kirk No. 3."
1905 Hazel Kirk No. 2 disaster.
Hazel Kirk Mine No. 2, owned by the Pittsburg and Westmoreland Coal Company, was the site of two fatal explosions in October 1905. On October 10, 1905 the first underground explosion, related to a dynamite blast, killed two miners, the brothers John and Mike Kusko. A fire resulted; temporary bulkheads were erected to isolate the flames and the burning section of the mine was flooded with water.
After nearly three weeks the fire was believed to have burned itself out. The 45-year old superintendent of Hazel Kirk No. 2, John Hornickel and five other managers of the facility reentered the mine near midnight on the night of October 28/29 to investigate the situation. All work was stopped and workers were removed from the mines during the investigation. A temporary partition was removed by the investigators during the course of their inspection, behind which explosive gas had been trapped. An explosion resulted, killing five and seriously burning the sixth mine official.

</doc>
<doc id="36775829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775829" title="Bernardine Sisters of St. Francis">
Bernardine Sisters of St. Francis

The Bernardine Sisters of St. Francis are a Roman Catholic apostolic congregation of pontifical right, based in Reading, Pennsylvania.
It was founded in 1894 by Mother Veronica Grzedowska, a Polish nun from Zakliczyn, for the instruction of poor girls in the parish of Mount Carmel.
The congregation numbers more than 380 members; there are more than 50 houses (2010).

</doc>
<doc id="36775857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775857" title="Luggage Express">
Luggage Express

Luggage Express is a door-to-door luggage delivery service that was launched by parent company, Universal Express. Luggage Express arranged to pick up travelers' baggage at their home or office prior to a trip and have it waiting at the hotel or resort in the destination city. 
In 2007, Universal Express collapsed as a result of CEO, Richard Altomare issuing billions of illegal and unregistered shares of stock. A receiver was appointed federal judge at the request of the S.E.C to oversee the divestiture of assets.
Ownership.
Luggage Express began service in 1988 and operated under the Universal Express umbrella until the company's collapse in 2007.
In 2007, Luggage Express was sold to Sports Express, LLC, a competitive luggage and sports equipment delivery company based in Durango, Colorado.
Sports Express and all related brands were acquired by First Luggage, a luggage shipping company based in the United Kingdom, in 2008.
In 2009, Luggage Forward acquired the Sports Express, Luggage Express, and Virtual Bellhop brands from First Luggage.

</doc>
<doc id="36775864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775864" title="Igor Lucić">
Igor Lucić

Igor Lucić (, , born February 28, 1991 in Belgrade) is a Serbian rower.
He won a gold medal at the 2011 World Rowing U23 Championships in Men's Coxed fours and posted U23 world record. He defended Serbia's U23 title at the 2012 World Rowing U23 Championships in Trakai, Lithuania.
Since 2013. he competes for Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="36775904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775904" title="James Alton James">
James Alton James

James Alton James (17 September 1864, Jefferson, Wisconsin - 12 February 1962, Evanston, Illinois) was a United States educator and historian.
Biography.
He spent two years at the Platteville Normal School, and then, after teaching high school two years to pay for the University, entered the University of Wisconsin, where he graduated as valedictorian with an LL.B. in 1888. He received a Ph.D. from Johns Hopkins University in 1893.
He was superintendent of schools in Darlington, Wisconsin, 1888–90; professor of history in Cornell College, Iowa, 1893-97. He became a professor of history at Northwestern University in 1897, becoming professor emeritus in 1935. He was head of the history department for over two decades, and was also the chairman of the graduate student work at the university 1917-1931. He was a member of several educational and historical societies.

</doc>
<doc id="36775929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775929" title="Fort de Suarlée">
Fort de Suarlée

The Fort de Suarlée is one of nine forts built as part of the Fortifications of Namur in the late 19th century in Belgium. It was built between 1888 and 1892 according to the plans of General Henri Alexis Brialmont. Contrasting with the French forts built in the same era by Raymond Adolphe Séré de Rivières, the fort was built exclusively of unreinforced concrete, a new material, rather than masonry. In 1914 the fort was heavily bombarded by German artillery in the Battle of Namur. Suarlée was upgraded in the 1930s to become part of the fortified position of Namur in an attempt to forestall or slow an attack from Germany. It saw action in 1940 during the Battle of Belgium, and was captured by German forces. The fort is now abandoned on private property.
Description.
The Fort de Suarlée is located about northwest of the center of Namur. The fort, one of the larger Brialmont forts, is a triangle, similar to the Fort de Boncelles. It commands the Brussels-Namur train line.A deep by ditch encircles the fort. The ditches were defended in enfilade by 57mm guns in casemates resembling counterscarp batteries, firing at shot traps at the other end of the ditch. The principal armament was concentrated in the central massif, closely grouped in a solid mass of concrete. 
Belgian forts made little provision for the daily needs of their wartime garrisons, locating latrines, showers, kitchens and the morgue in the fort's counterscarp, a location that would be untenable in combat. This would have profound effects on the forts' ability to endure a long assault. The service areas were placed directly opposite the barracks, which opened into the ditch in the rear of the fort (i.e., in the face towards Namur), with lesser protection than the front and "salient" sides. The Brialmont forts placed a weaker side to the rear to allow for recapture by Belgian forces from the rear, and located the barracks and support facilities on this side, using the rear ditch for light and ventilation of living spaces. In combat heavy shellfire made the rear ditch untenable, and German forces were able to get between the forts and attack them from the rear. The Brialmont forts were designed to be protected from shellfire equaling their heaviest guns: 21cm. The top of the central massif used of unreinforced concrete, while the caserne walls, judged to be less exposed, used . Under fire, the forts were damaged by 21cm fire and could not withstand heavier artillery.
Armament.
Suarlée's guns included one twin 15cm turret, two single 21cm turrets and two twin 12cm turrets, all for distant targets. Four 57mm turrets with another nine 57mm guns in embrasures providing defense of the fort's ditches and postern. The fort also mounted an observation turret with a searchlight.
The fort's heavy guns were German, typically Krupp, while the turret mechanisms were from a variety of sources. The fort was provided with signal lights to permit communication with neighboring forts. The guns were fired using black powder rather than smokeless powder, producing choking gas in the confined firing spaces that spread throughout the fort.
World War I.
In the summer of 1914 the Fort de Suarlée was under the command of Captain-Commandant Moisse, with about 400 artillerymen and 80 fortress troops. The fort was bombarded by invading German forces beginning on 23 August 1914. The Germans did not bother with infantry assault at the Namur forts as had been tried at Liège, at a heavy cost, preferring to batter the Namur positions with artillery. The Namur forts fell quickly. On the 24th the fort was hit by about 1500 heavy projectiles, causing significant damage. On the 25th Suarlée was hit from the rear by another 1500 210mm, 305mm and 420mm shells, nearly destroying the fort and resulting in its surrender that day.
Fortified Position of Namur.
Suarlée's armament was upgraded in the 1930s to become part of the Fortified Position of Namur, which was planned to deter a German incursion over the nearby border. Protection was substantially increased and armament was modernized. This was accompanied by improvements to ventilation, protection, sanitary facilities, communications and electrical power. The area surrounding the fort was equipped with improved shelters for the interval troops. 
After its renovation, Suarlée was armed with one twin 75mm turret, four retractable 75mm single turrets, two twin machine gun turrets and a number of observation cloches. Machine guns provided close protection. Ventilation was provided by an air inlet tower outside the perimeter of the fort that doubled as an observation post. Six anti-aircraft guns were installed as well. It served as the instruction battery for the Namur area forts. 
Second World War.
The Fort de Suarlée in May 1940 was commanded by Captain-Commandant Tislair with about 250 men. The fort was attacked from the air on the 10th, 11th and 12th. Aerial attack resumed on the 15th, together with firing from German anti-tank guns. On the 16th Suarlée supported the Fort de Marchovelette with artillery fire. Suarlée's ventilation tower was attacked by infantry on the 16th and 17th. The main fort was attacked by infantry on the night of the 17th. On the 18th there was another aerial attack, knocking out four 75mm guns and the machine gun turret. More bombardment followed on the 19th, and the fort surrendered.
Present.
The Fort de Suarlée is on private property, formerly leased from the state for hunting, and is not open to the public, although it is unsecured. It has been stripped of all salvageable materials. The air gallery is flooded. It was never repaired or rehabilitated after World War II. 

</doc>
<doc id="36775931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775931" title="Cherepanovo">
Cherepanovo

Cherepanovo () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="36775944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775944" title="Letters from Home (disambiguation)">
Letters from Home (disambiguation)

Letters from Home can refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="36775951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775951" title="Gavialis browni">
Gavialis browni

Gavialis browni is an extinct species of the crocodylian genus "Gavialis" and a close relative of the living gharial "Gavialis gangeticus". "G. browni" lived about 5 million years ago in the Sivalik Hills of Pakistan. "G. browni" can be distinguished from "G. gangeticus" by its more closely spaced eyes and a narrower frontal bone. The species was named in 1932 by paleontologist Charles Mook. Mook described it as a transitional form between the most primitive "Gavialis" species, "Gavialis dixoni", and the most advanced, the modern gharial (although "G. dixoni" is now placed outside "Gavialis" in its own genus, "Dollosuchus", and may be more closely related to crocodiles than to the gharial). "G. browni" has a longer snout with more teeth than "Dollosuchus", but it is not as long and does not have as many teeth as that of the gharial. "G. browni" has also been proposed to be moved to a genus other than "Gavialis".

</doc>
<doc id="36775959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775959" title="Alderton Hill Quarry">
Alderton Hill Quarry

Alderton Hill Quarry () is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1997. It is a Geological Conservation Review (GCR) site.
Location and geology.
The site is located on Alderton Hill to the south west of Dumbleton Wood, approximately 2 kilometres south west of Dumbleton village which is in north Gloucestershire.
The site is a significant location for research because of its well preserved Lower Jurassic insect fauna. There is a range of publications which detail the findings on this site, which include fossil insects. Particular findings are specimens of dragonflies, Gomphites and a large cockroach. Fish remains have been found, and well preserved cephalopods.
The discoveries are usually more complete than those from comparable localities. This is an important paleoentomological locality for research into the anatomy and evolution of early insect faunas. 
The site is located in hedges which are "species-rich". They include Ash, Oak, Holly, Hawthorn, Hazel and Spindle. The Common Blue butterfly is recorded. 

</doc>
<doc id="36775994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36775994" title="Selaginella denticulata">
Selaginella denticulata

Selaginella denticulata or Mediterannean Clubmoss is a non-flowering plant of the spikemoss genus "Selaginella" with a wide distribution around the Northern Hemisphere. Selaginella denticulata (L.) Spring., Formerly known as Lycopodium denticulatum L. and Treintanudos is the common name in the Canaries.
Description.
It is in the genus Selaginella and this creeper is characterized by having flattened stems, bearing four rows of ovate leaves which vary in size according to their position. Its specific epithet, "denticulata" comes from the Latin "dentatus" which means tooth, and alludes to the denticles that appear on the leaves. It was identified by the nineteenth century botanist Antoine Frédéric Spring.
It is distributed throughout the Mediterranean region except for the Cape Verde islands. It is not under threat although it is less common in the Eastern Mediterranean. It prefers dark cave environments and it is found on Gibraltar, throughout the Mediterranean region and in Portugal. In the spring it is green but as it dries out the plant is red.

</doc>
<doc id="36776019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776019" title="Daniel T. Drew">
Daniel T. Drew

Daniel T. Drew is a Democratic American politician. Drew was elected Mayor of Middletown, Connecticut in November 2011. In 2009, Drew ran against then incumbent mayor, Sebastian Giuliano and lost by 486 Votes. In 2011 Drew defeated Giuliano.

</doc>
<doc id="36776023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776023" title="Wasabi Anime">
Wasabi Anime

Wasabi Anime (also known as Green Mustard Entertainment) is a company that produces events and programming for anime conventions (and other fan conventions) in North America along with their own stand alone conventions. Started in 2001 (with the registration of the WasabiAnime.com website) the group started as an anime club before evolving into an LLC in 2007 and then a corporation in 2010. As of July 2012, Wasabi Anime has hosted events in California, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, and Las Vegas.
History.
Wasabi Anime was started by Tom Croom with a group of motivated anime fans shortly after the completion of Anime Festival Orlando II in Kissimmee, Florida. The group felt that dedicating help to one single convention and club didn't serve the purpose of helping all of fandom, so Wasabi Anime (then called "Wasabi Anime of Florida") began networking pre-existing anime clubs and helping support new anime clubs. Wasabi Anime club members had access to photo I.D. cards that granted discounts a local anime and comic stores in Florida. Clubs in the Wasabi Anime network included:
Occasionally, the core group running Wasabi Anime would host stand alone events to try and gather the clubs together. This included the Wasabi Anime Halloween Cosplay Parties in 2001 and 2003.
Around 2004, Wasabi Anime began to step away from networking clubs and started focusing more on designing events for anime and fan conventions. These included themed panels, game shows, dances, and stage shows (like the Wasabi Animusical.)
Appearances.
Wasabi Anime has designed entertainment and programming for a number of anime and fan conventions since starting in 2001.
California
Florida
Georgia
Indiana
Nevada
Conventions.
In 2007, Wasabi Anime began producing their own fan conventions. Since some of these productions were not anime-centric, they often operated under the corporate names (either Green Mustard, LLC or Green Mustard Entertainment, Inc.)

</doc>
<doc id="36776028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776028" title="Life in Park Street">
Life in Park Street

Life in Park Street is a 2012 Bengali film directed by Raj Mukherjee. This film revolves around the people and their lives of Park Street, Kolkata.
Plot.
Park Street is a cosmopolitan place in Kolkata and the film focuses different aspects of life of this locality. Different characters like drug addict young girl, gay raping boys, pimps, housewife having affair with others etc.

</doc>
<doc id="36776029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776029" title="Ursuline Nuns of the Immaculate Conception">
Ursuline Nuns of the Immaculate Conception

The Ursuline Nuns of the Immaculate Conception are a Roman Catholic apostolic congregation of pontifical right, based in Louisville, Kentucky.
It was founded in 1858 by Mother Salesia Reitmeier, a German nun from Straubing, for the instruction of German immigrant children.
The congregation numbers more than 120 members; there are more than 15 houses in United States and Peru (2010).

</doc>
<doc id="36776031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776031" title="Cherepanovsky">
Cherepanovsky

Cherepanovsky (masculine), Cherepanovskaya (feminine), or Cherepanovskoye (neuter) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36776032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776032" title="Caln, Pennsylvania">
Caln, Pennsylvania

Caln is a census-designated place (CDP) in Caln Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,519 at the 2010 census. It is located east of the city of Coatesville.
Geography.
Caln is located at . The Lincoln Highway, also known as U.S. Route 30 Business, forms the southern edge of the CDP. Caln CDP extends north as far as Pennsylvania Route 340.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , all of it land.

</doc>
<doc id="36776041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776041" title="S.L. Benfica (table tennis)">
S.L. Benfica (table tennis)

The S.L. Benfica table tennis squad is a semi-professional team based in Lisbon, Portugal. They play in the Portuguese Men's Table Tennis League and Portuguese Women's Table Tennis League. The teams play at the Estádio da Luz in a 190 m² room equipped with modern table tennis tables.

</doc>
<doc id="36776045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776045" title="Vávrová">
Vávrová

Vávrová is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36776046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776046" title="Shree Betal temple">
Shree Betal temple

Shri Betal temple (बेताळ) is a Hindu temple in Amona village in Bicholim taluka in Goa. The presiding deity is Shree Betal worshiped in the form of Worrier Shiva; normally Betal is standing, but during the festival his Idol is made to sit on the Horse back. He is the " Gram devata" of Amona. Several families as Shinari, Gawas, Fadate, etc. worship him.
There is a temple or Betal in a village named as "Gorli" in Pauri Gharwal district of Uttaranchal. Betal is also the village's "Gram Devata" This temple also has "Shiv Pindi" and its foot soldiers. 
Deity.
The temple is dedicated to Purvas Vetal, the warrior god. The deity is also called 'betal' colloquially.
Betal.
Betal as we know him today shares many features with the Vedic god Rudra, and both Shiva and Rudra are viewed as the same personality in a number of Hindu traditions. Betal the god of the roaring storm, is usually portrayed in accordance with the element he represents as a fierce, destructive deity.
The oldest surviving text of Hinduism is the Rig Veda, which is dated to between 1700 and 1100 BC based on linguistic and philological evidence. A god named Rudra is mentioned in the Rig Veda. The name Rudra is still used as a name for Shiva. In RV 2.33, he is described as the "Father of the Rudras", a group of storm gods. Furthermore, the Rudram, one of the most sacred hymns of Hinduism found both in the Rig and the Yajur Vedas and addressed to Rudra, invokes him as Shiva in several instances, but the term Shiva is used as an epithet for Indra, Mitra and Agni many times.
Identification with Vedic deities.
Shiva's rise to a major position in the pantheon was facilitated by his identification with a host of Vedic deities, including Agni, Indra, Prajāpati, Vāyu, and others.
Shaivism.
Shaivism (Sanskrit: शैव पंथ, śaiva paṁtha) is the oldest of the four major sects of Hinduism, the others being Vaishnavism, Shaktism and Smartism. Followers of Shaivism, called "Shaivas", and also "Saivas" or "Saivites", revere Shiva as the Supreme Being. Shaivas believe that Shiva is All and in all, the creator, preserver, destroyer, revealer and concealer of all that is. Shaivism is widespread throughout India, Nepal, and Sri Lanka, mostly. Areas notable for the practice of Shaivism include parts of Southeast Asia, especially Malaysia, Singapore, and Indonesia.
History.
The original temple was located in Amona at the same place, but later reconstructed from time to time.
Devotees.
The deity is believed to be patron deity of 96 Kulee Maratha, Kalavants, Goud Saraswat Brahmin and Rajapur Saraswat Brahmins community spread all over India. Familiar surnames of the devotees are Parab, Shenari, Gawas,Fadate etc.

</doc>
<doc id="36776049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776049" title="Dyckman Basketball Tournament">
Dyckman Basketball Tournament

The Dyckman Basketball Tournament is one of the premier summer streetball tournaments in New York City. It is located in Monsignor Kett Playground a.k.a. Dyckman Park in the Washington Heights/Inwood section of Manhattan. What was a one division, six-team tournament in its first season in 1990 is currently a tournament with six age divisions, containing a total of 77 teams. It’s college/pro division is the most notable of them all, on any given night you are liable to see NBA, NCAA, and overseas professionals on the court.
History.
The tournament was formed by Kenneth Stevens, Omar Booth, and Michael Jenkins in an effort to provide a positive outlet for the community. Inwood, like many other neighborhoods in inner cities during the late 1980s was plagued by the crack epidemic. The community was infested with drugs, crime and interracial turf wars between the emerging Dominican population and the existing black population in the area. During this time Monsignor Kett Playground was in horrible conditions and free of basketball and any related activities. The park that was once known for being a Holcombe Rucker site during the 1970s was now an eyesore for the community and area residents. Stevens, Booth, and Jenkins painted the court and restored the park to conditions apt to host a tournament. The three believed creating a basketball tournament would spark positive relations through sport, community and goodwill, thus changing the culture in the community and furthering the effort to better the community. In its first season the tournament hosted a six-team, twelve-man roster playing in a five game regular season leading to the playoffs. The tournament continued to progress every year with help from local businesses who sponsored the tournament. On its tenth anniversary it landed its first corporate sponsor in Converse (shoe company). From there on they have received sponsorships from numerous corporate companies in addition to their local supporters. Their biggest sponsors have been Nike, Inc., who has been affiliated since 2004. In 2011 Nike formed a team in the tournament with the top street ballers in NYC and named them “Team Nike.” Coached by the legendary Maxwell "Bingo" Cole, they won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36776064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776064" title="Kumla Church, Östergötland">
Kumla Church, Östergötland

Kumla Church (Swedish: "Kumla kyrka") is a limestone church, built in the 12th century. It's located at the lake Tåkern in Kumla socken in Mjölby Municipality in Östergötland, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="36776086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776086" title="Valério Luiz de Oliveira">
Valério Luiz de Oliveira

Personal.
Valerio Luiz de Oliveira and his wife, Lorena Nascimento de Oliveira, have three children. Oliveira's father, Mane de Oliveria, was also a well known Brazilian sports presenter in Goias.
Career.
At the time of his death, Valerio Luiz de Oliveira was a radio presenter and host for Radio Jornal 820 AM. Oliveira started working as a sports journalist in 1978 at Radio Goiânia. Later he worked for TV Goiânia, Television Central de Brasil and TV y Radio Anhanguera Goiânia.
Valério Luiz de Oliveira was known for being outspoken and critical and for his strong opinions on the local soccer team, which may have led to his death. Before his murder, Oliveira had been banned from the Atlético Goiâniense football (soccer) team headquarters premises. He was well known in the community.
Death.
Valerio Luiz de Oliveira was shot and killed on 5 July 2012 after leaving the Radio Jornal 820 AM offices. A motorcyclist was waiting for Oliveira at the station's entrance when he left the radio station. The cyclist attempted to flee but his car collided with another vehicle that was parked on the street. After the crash, the motorcyclist then fired seven gunshots into the driver's side window of Oliveira's vehicle. Police and eyewitnesses say Oliveira was struck by between four and six of those bullets while driving, crashed into a parked car, and died shortly after. According to his father, the investigation case had statements from 20 witnesses.
Oliveira had received death threats prior to his death, warning him that someone would "retire" him, "ending his career".
On 2 February 2012, police opened a case against a suspect, Mauricio Sampaio, who is the former deputy chairman of Atletico-Goiás, and for what the police alleged to be a hired killing, but Sampaio denies any involvement and he and others dismiss the facts of the case.
Impact.
Valerio Luiz de Oliveria's death marked the fifth death of a journalist in Brazil in 2012 alone. Coming after the murders of Decius Sa (State of Maranhão); Paulo Souza Filho Simes Laecio (Bay) and Rocaro (Mato Grosso do Sul), Mario Randolph Marques Lopes (Rio de Janeiro.)
Reactions.
Irina Bokova, director-general of UNESCO, said, "I condemn the killing of Valério Luiz de Oliveira. It is essential that the authorities shed light on this murder and ensure the observance of the basic human right of freedom of expression and the right of the public to engage in informed, open debate."
"Deadly anti-press violence has been rising in Brazil for the past two years, and it's undermining journalists' ability to report critically on all types of topics important to the public," said a spokesperson for the Committee to Protect Journalists.
Seven month after the murder of Valério Luiz de Oliveira, Reporters Without Borders responded to what appeared to be progress in the investigation: Reporters Without Borders said “While respecting the presumption of innocence, we welcome the progress in the police investigation. The grave security problems to which Brazilian journalists are exposed, especially at the local level, had an impact on Brazil’s ranking in the latest Reporters Without Borders press freedom index. But the efforts it often makes to combat impunity distinguish it from other countries in the region."

</doc>
<doc id="36776098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776098" title="Discorbis">
Discorbis

Discorbis is a benthic Foraminfera genus,(Kingdom Protista in paleontological classificaions), that made its first appearance during the Eocene. Its present distribution is cosmopolitan.
"Discorbis" produces a smooth plano-convex to unequally biconvex trochospiral test (shell) with a flattened umbilical side, taking up about two and a half whorls, with seven to ten chambers in the final whorl. The test wall is calcareous, thin, optically radial, and finely to coarsely perforate. Sutures are depressed and curved to nearly radial. 
The umbilical region is covered by triangular flaps that extend from the umbilical margin of each chamber, forming a small chamberlet beneath. The aperture is a low, interiomarginal arch, outside the umbilicus. 
The classification here is that of Loeblich and Tappan, 1964, in the Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology. As an alternative it may be included in the family Pegidiidae, which is elevated from the rotaliid subfamily Pegidiinae. 
References.
Geological Survey of Iran, (e-book) 2005. [http://www.gsi.ir/General/Lang_en/Page_48/Action_FirstPageView/FORAMINIFERIDA.html]
"see also"

</doc>
<doc id="36776109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776109" title="903d Military Airlift Group">
903d Military Airlift Group

The 903d Military Airlift Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 514th Military Airlift Wing, based at McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey. It was inactivated on 1 July 1973.
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population. 
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments. 
As a result, the 903d Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The 903d TCG was one of three C-119 groups assigned to the 514th TCW in 1963, the others being the 904th Troop Carrier Group at Stewart AFB, New York and 905th Troop Carrier Group at Bradley Field, Connecticut.
In 1970, was re-aligned to Military Airlift Command, becoming reserve C-141 Starlifter intercontinental heavy-lift transport group along with the assigned 943d Troop Carrier Group at Dover AFB, Delaware. Inactivated in 1973 as part of the drawdown of forces after the Vietnam War.

</doc>
<doc id="36776122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776122" title="Irish Universities Quality Board">
Irish Universities Quality Board

The Irish Universities Quality Board (IUQB) was established in 2002.
The purpose of the board, which operated from 2002 to 2012, was to promote quality assurance at Irish universities including via institutional quality reviews, whilst the board is not specifically created by an Act of the Oireachtas it does under take the functions of the Universities Act 1997 (Section 35) in doing its work.
The functions of the board were passed to Quality and Qualifications Ireland on November 6, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36776125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776125" title="Varsallona">
Varsallona

Varsallona is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36776132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776132" title="List of historic places in New Brunswick">
List of historic places in New Brunswick

This article is a list of historic places in the province of New Brunswick entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal. The listings have been split for reasons of length; see separate lists for the following geographic areas:

</doc>
<doc id="36776156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776156" title="Souskanikha">
Souskanikha

Souskanikha () is a rural locality (a "selo") in Krasnogorsky District of Altai Krai, Russia, located from the city of Biysk, in the Biya River floodplain. It is named after the Souskanikha River, the name of which, in turn, means "diving water" in Turkic.
History.
It was founded in the late 19th century by settlers from central Russia.
Economy.
Most of the population is employed in agriculture, especially in animal-breeding, bee-keeping, and farming.

</doc>
<doc id="36776177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776177" title="List of historic places in Quebec">
List of historic places in Quebec

This article is a list of historic places in the province of Quebec entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal. All addresses are Quebec, Canada.
List of historic places by administrative regions:

</doc>
<doc id="36776206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776206" title="HD 199942">
HD 199942

HD 199942 (HR 8038) is an A-type main sequence star in the constellation of Equuleus. At 235.2 light years away, this star shines dimly at an apparent magnitude of 5.98.
Galactic Orbit.
HD 199942 is a double star system, which is moving through the galaxy at a speed of 30.3km/s. Its galactic orbit carry it somewhat between 25100 light years and 22000 light years from the galactic core, and it'll come at its closest to the Sun 2.1 million years from now, shining at an apparent magnitude of 4.49 at a distance of 124 light years.

</doc>
<doc id="36776222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776222" title="Mats Eilertsen">
Mats Eilertsen

Mats Eilertsen (born 4 March 1975 in Trondheim, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician and composer. He is known for recording with numerous bands, including the Maria Kannegaard Trio, Ola Kvernberg, Nils Økland, Eldbjørg Raknes, Anders Aarum Trio, Eirik Hegdal, Sverre Gjørvad, Nymark Collective, SKRUK, «Jazzmob», «Dingobats», Håkon Kornstad Trio, Food with Iain Ballamy, Jacob Young Band, Solveig Slettahjell's Slow Motion Orchestra, Håvard Wiik Trio, and «JazzCode».
Career.
Eilertsen attended the Trondheim Musikkonservatorium, where he participated in the Jazz program and was part of the Jazz band Dingobats along with fellow students Eirik Hegdal (saxophones), Njål Ølnes (tenor saxophone), Thomas Dahl (guitar) and Sverre Gjørvad (drums), primarily playing Hegdals compositions. He has two band releases as leader of the band Turanga, with band members Fredrik Ljungkvist, Ernst Reijseger, and Thomas Strønen. He also performed with the quartet «Parish», with some of the same members as of «Turanga». In 2006, he released the album "Constellations" (Jazzaway Records), with the Finnish pianist Alexi Tuomarila's trio, along with Olavi Luohivuori.

</doc>
<doc id="36776239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776239" title="Chistoozyorny">
Chistoozyorny

Chistoozyorny/Chistoozerny (masculine), Chistoozyornaya/Chistoozernaya (feminine), or Chistoozyornoye/Chistoozernoye (neuter) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36776251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776251" title="Worldview Entertainment">
Worldview Entertainment

Worldview Entertainment is a leading independent motion picture studio that finances, produces and acquires theatrical quality feature films with budgets up to $50 million for worldwide distribution. Worldview was founded in 2007 and is based in New York City. The company is represented by Creative Artists Agency (CAA) and has invested in and produced films including "Child 44," "Birdman," "Blood Ties," "The Green Inferno" and "Killer Joe".
History.
Worldview Entertainment was founded in 2007 by Chairman and CEO, Christopher Woodrow, and Maria Cestone. Molly Conners joined the company in 2009 as COO. Worldview Entertainment signed with Creative Artists Agency (CAA) in 2010 and has since become the agency's top film finance and production client. Sarah E. Johnson, daughter of Franklin Resources Chairman, Charles B. Johnson, became a partner and investor in the company in 2011. Worldview established a four-year $30 million credit facility with Comerica in 2013 to provide debt financing for the company's films, which coincided with the infusion of $40 million in new equity from existing investors. The $70 million doubled the company's capital base.
The company's first film was William Friedkin's black comedy, "Killer Joe", which it financed along with Voltage Pictures in 2010. The film premiered at the 2011 Venice Film Festival before making its North American debut at the Toronto International Film Festival, where it was sold domestically to LD Entertainment in one of the biggest sales at the festival. The film was distributed theatrically in the summer of 2012 with star Matthew McConaughey receiving a nomination for an Independent Spirit Award as Best Male Lead.
Worldview's 2012 slate included three films that premiered at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival including the Guillaume Canet crime thriller, "Blood Ties", which was the biggest domestic sale at the festival after being purchased by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions; and James Gray's period drama, "The Immigrant" which was sold domestically to The Weinstein Company. The Company went on to premiere two films at the 2013 Venice Film Festival including David Gordon Green's drama "Joe", which was sold domestically to Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions. Worldview also premiered six films at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival including the West Memphis Three crime thriller, "Devil's Knot", which was sold domestically to Millennium Entertainment; and Eli Roth's horror thriller, "The Green Inferno", which was sold domestically to Open Road Films and is expected to receive a wide theatric release in 2014.
The company's 2013 slate includes Alejandro González Iñárritu's comedy, "Birdman", with Fox Searchlight and New Regency; Daniel Espinosa's crime thriller, "Child 44", with Summit/Lionsgate; Zach Braff's drama, "Wish I Was Here"; and Michel Hazanavicius's drama, "The Search".
Worldview announced that its 2014 slate will include Andrew Dominik's Marilyn Monroe biopic, "Blonde", and the sequel to "The Green Inferno" franchise, "Beyond the Green Inferno".

</doc>
<doc id="36776269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776269" title="Astridge Wood">
Astridge Wood

Astridge Wood () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, England, notified in 1985. The site is listed in the 'Forest of Dean Local Plan Review' as a Key Wildlife Site (KWS).
The site is in the Wye Valley Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. It is to the east (see map) of Highbury Wood National Nature Reserve (NNR).
Wye Valley Woodlands/ Coetiroedd Dyffryn Gwy are recognised as a Special Area of Conservation (SAC) under the EU Habitats Directive.
Habitat and flora.
The site is part of one of the most important areas for woodland conservation in the United Kingdom, as the woods are semi-natural, and there is a continuity along the Lower Wye Gorge (which is also notified as an SSSI). The tree species comprise many different types and the area supports many rare and local species. The individual woods are part of a matrix of various habitats (semi natural and unimproved grassland).
The wood is mainly on Carboniferous Limestone and has Old Red Sandstone on the lower slopes. It is considered one of the finest examples of rich calceaous mixed coppice in the area. Trees include Ash, Small-leaved Lime with scattered Alder, Sessile Oak and Field Maple. The woodland is managed coppice.
The ground flora includes Dog's Mercury, Bramble and Hart's-tongue Fern. Rarities include Broad-leaved Helleborine, Spurge Laurel and some Wild Daffodil. There are various varieties of mosses and liverworts recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="36776279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776279" title="Brockport Golden Eagles football">
Brockport Golden Eagles football

The Brockport Golden Eagles football program is the intercollegiate American football team for the State University of New York at Brockport located in the U.S. state of New York. The team competes in the NCAA Division III and are members of the Empire 8. The team plays its home games at the 10,000 seat Eunice Kennedy Shriver Stadium in Brockport, New York. The Golden Eagles are coached by Jason Mangone.
Notable former players.
Notable alumni include:

</doc>
<doc id="36776285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776285" title="Yazawin Thit">
Yazawin Thit

Maha Yazawin Thit (, ; lit. the "New Great Chronicle"; also known as Myanmar Yazawin Thit or Yazawin Thit) is a national chronicle of Burma (Myanmar). Completed in 1798, the chronicle was the first attempt by the Konbaung court to update and check the accuracy of "Maha Yazawin", the standard chronicle of the previous Toungoo Dynasty. Its author Twinthin Taikwun Maha Sithu consulted several existing written sources, and over 600 stone inscriptions collected from around the kingdom between 1783 and 1793. It is the first historical document in Southeast Asia compiled in consultation with epigraphic evidence. 
The chronicle updates the events up to 1785, and contains several corrections and critiques of earlier chronicles. However, the chronicle was not well received, and ultimately rejected by the king and the court who found the critiques of earlier chronicles excessively harsh. It became known as "A-pe-gan Yazawin" (, the "Discarded Chronicle").
Nonetheless, when "Hmannan Yazawin", the first officially accepted chronicle of Konbaung Dynasty, appeared in 1832, it had incorporated many of "Yazawin Thit's" corrections, in particular regnal dates of Pagan period kings. Modern scholarship notes the chronicle's innovative use of epigraphy but does not find the chronicle's criticisms harsh. Rather, scholarship maintains that for its criticisms and corrections, the chronicle largely retains traditional narratives, and "was —as elsewhere in the world —written with didactic intentions".
It remains one of the lesser known chronicles today.
The name.
The chronicle is sometimes reported as Myanma Yazawin Thit, lit. the "New Chronicle of Myanmar". However, Thaw Kaung, the former Chief Librarian of the Universities Central Library in Yangon, writes that the original name found in the two extant original manuscripts stored at the Central Library is "Maha Yazawin Thit", and that the name "Myanmar" was inserted in the title in 1968 by the publisher of that edition. Thaw Kaung adds that the 1968 copy was picked up by international scholars who subsequently reported the chronicle under the name of Myanma Yazawin Thit. The name "Myanma Yazawin Thit" continues to be used in English language works.
Background.
The chronicle has its beginnings in a seemingly unrelated royal project. On 24 July 1783, King Bodawpaya issued a royal decree to: (1) collect stone inscriptions from all important monasteries and pagodas around the kingdom, (2) study them to demarcate religious glebe lands from taxable lands, and (3) recast the inscriptions if necessary. He put Twinthin Taikwun Maha Sithu, his former tutor and chief interior minister, and Thetpan Atwinwun Yaza Bala Kyawhtin, another senior minister, in charge of the effort. The two ministers moved hundreds of inscriptions to then capital Amarapura, and began to study them.
Though the purpose of the project was to verify claims to tax-free religious property, Twinthin, a "learned polymath", quickly noticed several discrepancies between the dates given in "Maha Yazawin", the standard chronicle of the monarchy, and the dates given in the contemporary inscriptions he was examining. (Twinthin had already written a biographic chronicle of King Alaungpaya in 1770.) He reported his early findings to the king. The king, who was interested in reading history and had wanted to update "Maha Yazawin", commissioned "a new chronicle of the realm which would be more in accord with the stone inscriptions". He appointed Twinthin to write the new chronicle.
Organization and content.
Twinthin, who may have been writing a chronicle as early as 1782, predating the inscription collection project, began writing the chronicle in earnest after the collection was completed in 1793. He referenced several existing chronicles, inscriptions as well as "eigyin" and "mawgun" poems. He completed the new chronicle in 1798 in 15 volumes (fascicles of "parabaik" paper). He had updated the events to 1785.
"Yazawin Thit" is noted for its novel organization and for its criticisms of earlier chronicles. It is organized by dynasties and periods whereas all the other Burmese chronicles (except "Zatadawbon Yazawin") are organized strictly along the linear order of kings. (However, "Zata" is mainly a list of regnal dates and horoscopes, not a full fledged national chronicle like "Yazawin Thit"). Twinthin's choice of organizing along dynastic lines was a notable departure from then prevailing practice. All historians of Theravada Buddhist tradition, (Burmese, Sinhalese and Thai), had treated their kings as "cakkavatti" universal monarchs, rather than kings who were leaders of "national" groups.
Though organized differently, the chronicle's content closely followed the narratives of the earlier chronicles. The chronicle however does contain several corrections (most notably, regnal dates of earliest kings) and critiques of the earlier chronicles, especially "Maha Yazawin". Twinthin highlighted several inconsistencies and mistakes of the earlier chroniclers, and made no apologies for correcting earlier writers' work.
Rejection.
Twinthin's critiques were taken by the court as a criticism of one's elders/ancestors, a behavior highly frowned upon in Burmese culture. Although the king himself had commissioned the chronicle, he did not accept the chronicle when his former tutor presented it to him. The chronicle came to be viewed as the "antithesis" to "Maha Yazawin's" "thesis", and became known as "A-pe-gan Yazawin" (, the "Discarded Chronicle").
Twinthin's views are not viewed as harsh by modern academics. Pe Maung Tin notes that "Yazawin Thit" "with all its criticisms, on the whole follows the Great Chronicle" ("Maha Yazawin"). The author, for all his academic zeal, still "shared the purpose of early writers to legitimize the dynasty", and "had similar priorities in terms of content" with early chroniclers.
Significance.
The chronicle is the first known historical document in Southeast Asia to use epigraphic sources. According to (Woolf 2011), it shows that historians in Southeast Asia were using epigraphy for sourcing and verification around the same time as the practice was first used in Europe, even if Twinthin's methods may not have "evolved into a formal method". Woolf continues that "We should not overstate the 'scientific' character of these works since much Burmese historiography was — as elsewhere in the world — written with didactic intentions."
Using epigraphy, Twinthin updated the regnal dates of earliest Burmese kingdoms. "Hmannan", the official chronicle of Konbaung court, would retain nearly all of Twinthin's corrections. The table below shows a comparison of the regnal dates of Pagan Dynasty. "Hmannan's" dates largely follow "Yazawin Thit's".
Current status.
For all its groundbreaking introductions, the chronicle remains one of the "lesser known" chronicles today. Moreover, only the first 13 of the total 15 volumes have been found and published. (The Universities Central Library of Myanmar has portions of two original manuscripts of the chronicle. Of the original 15 volumes, only the first 13 volumes, which cover up to 1754, have survived. The 14th volume is believed to be the same as Twinthin's 1770 work, "Alaungpaya Ayedawbon", the biographic chronicle of King Alaungpaya, covering up to 1760. It means the last volume, which covers from 1760 to 1785, has not been recovered. The last volume did exist as it was referenced by later Konbaung writers.)

</doc>
<doc id="36776292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776292" title="Friedrich Gottlob Hayne">
Friedrich Gottlob Hayne

Friedrich Gottlob Hayne (18 March 1763 Jüterbog – 24 April 1832 Berlin) was a German botanist, taxonomist, pharmacist and professor.
Hayne showed an early interest in the plant world. From 1778 until 1796 he worked as a pharmacist in Berlin, and was acquainted with the botanist Carl Ludwig Willdenow of about the same age, who at the time was also a pharmacist in Berlin. From 1797 he worked on botanical and technical commissions for the factories department of the Prussian government.
From 1801 to 1808 he worked in Schönebeck on the Elbe, where he was an assistant in the "Royal Prussian Chemical Factory" (later named 'Hermania'), which was founded in 1793 by pharmacist Carl Hermann Samuel and was the first German chemical factory. During his stay in Schönebeck he studied the chemical composition of plants and collected the flora of the region.
After the Treaty of Tilsit in 1807, the Kingdom of Prussia lost about half of its territory, including all territory west of the Elbe. This prompted Hayne to return to Berlin in 1808. From 1811 he taught at the University of Berlin as a lecturer in botany, and in 1814 he was appointed extraordinary professor. After many years of teaching, he was appointed Professor of Pharmaceutical Botany in 1828. In addition to his lecturing duties he led many botanical excursions. He was known for using precise terminology in his plant descriptions.
Stretching over a period of some 30 years, Hayne produced 13 volumes of ""Getreue Darstellung und Beschreibung der in der Arzneykunde gebräuchlichen Gewächse"" each with 48 copper engravings of pharmaceutically interesting plants, mostly done by Friedrich Guimpel and Peter Haas. Hayne was an honorary member of the Berlin Society of Friends of Natural Science.

</doc>
<doc id="36776311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776311" title="Basengele Airport">
Basengele Airport

Basengele Airport is an airport serving the town of Bokote, Democratic Republic of the Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="36776312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776312" title="Frederick N. Tebbe">
Frederick N. Tebbe

Frederick Nye Tebbe was born in Oakland, California on March 20, 1935. His father, Charles L. Tebbe, worked for the United States Forest Service so Fred’s early education took place in Montana, Oregon, Maryland and Pennsylvania. He married Margaret Manzer in 1960, and they had a son (Andy, born in 1966) and a daughter (Sarah, born in 1971). He died of pancreatic cancer at his home in Delaware on September 28, 1995.
Education.
Fred obtained a Bachelor’s degree in chemistry from Pennsylvania State University. His senior research focused on the synthesis of diboron tetrachloride from BCl3 and Hg discharge cells under the direction of Professor Thomas Wartik. Wartik encouraged Fred to join the group of Professor Riley Schaeffer at Indiana University. Instead, Fred spent a year at Montana State University studying psychology and philosophy: After this interlude and thoughts of going into Forestry, Fred finally decided to join Schaeffer at Indiana. 
The area of borane chemistry was growing rapidly, in part due to the Cold War and national security interests. In addition to the synthesis of pyrophoric and explosive compounds, Fred used 10B NMR spectroscopy to understand the mechanism of the aggregation of boranes into the homologs B4H10, B5H9, and B5H11. He demonstrated that 10B-enriched diborane in diethylether rapidly exchanges all ten boron positions in the anion B10H13-. His dissertation, “Studies of Interconversions of Boron Hydrides,” was completed in 1963. 
Fred did two years of postdoctoral work with Professor Fred Hawthorne at the University of California, Riverside. During that time, he greatly expanded the range of known carboranes to include polyhedral B9C2H11, B8C2H10, B7C2H9, and B6C2H8 carboranes, the B7C2H13 system, and their derivatives.
DuPont Career.
In the fall of 1965, Fred was hired by Earl Muetterties in DuPont Central Research Department, where he worked in the group of George Parshall. Earl was known to have quite broad interests and he enticed Fred to work in a variety of new areas. NMR investigation of stereochemical nonrigidity in five- six- and seven-coordinate molecules was under active study and Fred contributed to a number of those studies. Herbert Roesky was in CR&D at the time and thru their sulfur chemistry, he and Fred established a lifelong friendship. 
Fred began his work with Parshall on early-transition metal hydrides and the behavior of organoaluminium and organozinc reagents with early transition metal complexes. The goal of the research was to better understand heterogeneous Ziegler-Natta catalysts by independently understanding the roles of the transition metal and the aluminum alkyl promoter thru more well-defined homogeneous analogs. The first paper was on the catalysis of aromatic hydrogen-deuterium exchange by metal hydrides. This was followed by a paper on hydride derivatives of niobocene and tantalocene. The two break-through papers on olefin homologation with titanium methylene compounds and titanium-catalyzed olefin metathesis appeared in 1978 and 1979 respectively, though the seminal work was recorded in Fred’s notebook in July of 1974 (See Figure 2 in Scott and Mindiola’s tribute). 
It should be noted that in his autobiography written upon receipt of the 2005 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, Dick Schrock reminisced fondly of his short time at DuPont (1972–1974) when he shared his lab space with Fred. Schrock’s synthesis of (tBuCH2)3Ta=CHtBu, the first Lewis acid-free alkylidene that ultimately led to his Nobel Prize was concurrent with the synthesis of Tebbe’s Reagent that took place just feet away. It was another Nobel Prize winner, Bob Grubbs, who named the Tebbe Reagent after Fred. 
In related studies, Fred was involved in the development of catalysts for polyethylene and elastomeric polypropylene using alumina-supported bis(arene) titanium, zirconium and hafnium catalysts and tetraalkyl titanium, zirconium and hafnium catalysts. Fred also spent time working in the area of ceramic materials. His work on thermoplastic organoaluminum precursor of aluminum nitride allowed spinning of the precursor into fibers before sintering into aluminum nitride fibers. Aluminum alkyls allowed the preparation of aluminum hydroxide and alumina with ultra-low alpha-particle emission, suitable for ceramic memory-chip substrates for aerospace and satellite electronics.
To finish his career, Fred returned to fundamental studies of the elements. His work on the structure of sulfur in solution and on buckminsterfullerene are highly cited. 
Fred has been described as a quiet individual with a self-deprecatory personality. Instead, this may have been the outward manifestation of his introverted personality. He often deferred invitations to chemical conferences or seminars around the world because he was more comfortable in his lab. In the presence of friends, he was a lively speaker who on more than one occasion interchanged his chalk and his cigarette while excitedly describing recent results at a blackboard. Fred played a very positive role as a mentor, influencing the careers of young chemists in the organometallic group. He was incredibly generous in sharing his time and expertise with younger colleagues who commented on the good fortune of those who were lucky enough to become Fred's lab partner. After 33 years of dedicated work, Fred retired from DuPont in 1993 just as DuPont’s No-Smoking policies went into effect.

</doc>
<doc id="36776322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776322" title="Cortland Red Dragons">
Cortland Red Dragons

The Cortland Red Dragons are composed of 23 teams representing the State University of New York at Cortland in intercollegiate athletics, including men and women's basketball, cross country, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, and track and field. Men's sports include baseball, football, and wrestling. Women's sports include field hockey, golf, gymnastics, volleyball, tennis, and softball. The Red Dragons compete in the NCAA Division III and are members of the State University of New York Athletic Conference for most sports, except for the football team, which competes in the New Jersey Athletic Conference.
Baseball.
Cortland has had 9 Major League Baseball Draft selections since the draft began in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="36776327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776327" title="Cortland Red Dragons football">
Cortland Red Dragons football

The Cortland Red Dragons football program is the intercollegiate American football team for the State University of New York at Cortland located in the U.S. state of New York. The team competes in the NCAA Division III and are members of the New Jersey Athletic Conference. The team plays its home games at SUNY Cortland Stadium Complex in Cortland, New York. The Red Dragons are coached by Dan MacNeill.
Notable former players.
Notable alumni include:

</doc>
<doc id="36776328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776328" title="Scottish Sculpture Open">
Scottish Sculpture Open

The Scottish Sculpture Open exhibition, sometimes known as the Kildrummy Open, was organised by the Scottish Sculpture Workshop from 1981 to 1997. The idea was initiated by Fred Bushe (1931-2009), the Founder Director of the Scottish Sculpture Workshop. The exhibition consisted of works drawn from an open call and sometimes included works by invited artists. It was installed at Kildrummy Castle and some editions of the exhibition toured to other venues.

</doc>
<doc id="36776343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776343" title="Detroit mayoral election, 2013">
Detroit mayoral election, 2013

The 2013 Detroit mayoral election was held on November 5, 2013, to elect the Mayor of Detroit. Incumbent Mayor Dave Bing chose to retire rather than seek re-election.
The Mayor of Detroit is elected on a non-partisan basis, where the candidates are not listed by political party. A non-partisan primary election was held on August 6, 2013. The top two finishers, businessman Mike Duggan, who ran a write-in campaign and received 46% of the vote, and Wayne County Sheriff Benny N. Napoleon, who won 30% of the vote, advanced to the November general election. In the general election, Duggan was elected mayor with 55% of the vote.
Background.
The Mayor of Detroit was Dave Bing, who was first elected in May 2009 in a special election following the resignation of Kwame Kilpatrick, then re-elected to full term in November 2009. Bing announced on May 14, 2013, that he would not seek a second full term as Mayor, but would instead form an exploratory committee to run for position of Wayne County Executive in the 2014 mid-term elections.
The filing deadline for the race was May 14, 2013, at 4 p.m. Candidates were required to submit petitions with signatures from 500 registered voters in the city of Detroit to qualify for the August primary ballot. On May 23, 2013, the Detroit Election Commission officially certified the names of 15 candidates that had qualified for the Primary Ballot.
Primary election.
Candidates.
There were officially 15 candidates on the ballot. The top two candidates faced off in the November general election.
Controversy.
In May, 2013 Barrow filed formal complains with the Detroit City Clerk's Office against several of his competitors. Barrow first filed a complaint against Duggan, Napoleon, and Olumba, alleging that all three had failed to file campaign finance reports regarding previous campaigns that the three men had used to seek previous political office. On May 21, 2013, Barrow filed a formal complaint challenging the residency qualifications of Duggan. Barrow's complaint alleges that Duggan wasn’t a city resident for a year when, on April 2, he was the first candidate to turn in signatures to make the August ballot. Duggan legally became a Detroit resident on April 16, 2012, after moving to the city’s Palmer Woods neighborhood. The Detroit City Charter, which was adopted on January 1, 2012, states "“All candidates for elective office and elected officials shall be bona fide residents of the City of Detroit and must maintain their principal residence in the City of Detroit for one (1) year at the time of filing for office or appointment to office. " Labor activist and Barrow supporter Robert Davis sent a formal letter requesting Michigan Secretary of State Ruth Johnson intervene in the matter. After Benson refused to intervene, the Detroit Election Commission voted 2-1 on May 23, 2013, to keep Duggan on the ballot. On May 31, 2013, Barrow filed a complaint against the Detroit Election Commission in Wayne County Circuit Court asking the Court to order the Election Commission to remove Duggan from the Mayoral Ballot. On June 12, 2013 Wayne County Circuit Judge Lita Popke ordered that Duggan's name be removed from the ballot. On June 18, 2013 The Michigan Court of Appeals upheld the ruling in a 2-1 decision and on June 19 Mike Duggan officially bowed out of the race. Political analysts predicted that Benny Napoleon would take over as the front runner for the election, and Barrow would still likely be eliminated in the August elections.
On June 28, 2013, Mike Duggan officially declared he was re-entering the mayoral race as a write-in candidate. As a write-in, Duggan won a plurality of the votes. He was on the ballot for the November election against second place Benny Napoleon.

</doc>
<doc id="36776347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776347" title="Bill Darrah">
Bill Darrah

William Lindsey "Bill" Darrah (April 7, 1876 - after 1920) was a sheep rancher and stonemason in Shoshone, Idaho known for his construction of lava rock water tanks from the 1910s to 1920s. He built water tanks ranging from approximately eight to 30 feet high and from 12 to 25 feet in diameter. His tanks were typically built with a stone foundation several feet into the ground. The walls were approximately three feet wide and built out of lava stones and lime mortar. Darrah's tanks were typically accompanied by one-story pump houses
A number of Darrah's works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places, some as part of a Multiple Resource Area Thematic Group submission for Lava Rock Structures in South Central Idaho.
Darrah was born in April 1876 in California. He was the son of Simon Darrah and Arzilla (Shipton) Darrah. At the time of the 1880 United States Census, he was living in Shasta, California with his parents and six siblings. His father was employed as a lumberman at the time. By 1900, Darrah had relocated to Shoshone, Idaho where he was living with his parents and four siblings. As of 1918, Darrah was living in Shoshone with his wife, Ida A. Darrah and listed his occupation as a self-employed contractor. At the time of the 1920 United States Census, he remained in Shoshone living with his wife Ida and his sister-in-law Effie Parry. His occupation was listed as a mason, and his wife as a stenographer in an abstract office.
Darrah's works include:

</doc>
<doc id="36776361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776361" title="Luka Đorđević (rower)">
Luka Đorđević (rower)

Luka Đorđević (, , born May 12, 1991 in Belgrade) is a Serbian rower.
He won a gold medal at the 2011 World Rowing U23 Championships in Men's Coxed fours and posted U23 world record. He repeated the success in 2012.
Since 2013. he competes for Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="36776364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776364" title="Hamish Moore">
Hamish Moore

Hamish Moore is a Scottish musician and bagpipe maker. Among Moore's contributions to Scottish music are his development of a revived form of the bellows-blown Scottish smallpipes; his 1985 recording of the "Lowland" or smallpipes, "Cauld Wind Pipes", was the first contemporary complete recording of this instrument. In the 1980s and 1990s, Moore was also instrumental in exploring the links between the Scottish diaspora music of Canada's Cape Breton Island, and earlier Scottish traditions. Moore taught at Cape Breton's Gaelic College of Celtic Arts and Crafts, and in 1996 returned to South Uist, Scotland, to form his "Ceolas" musical summer school, which included Cape Breton instructors and influences.
Hamish is father of Fin Moore, also a Scottish smallpiper and border piper.

</doc>
<doc id="36776383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776383" title="Muktodhara">
Muktodhara

Muktodhara is a 2012 Bengali film directed by Shiboprosad Mukherjee and Nandita Roy. This is a story of about the prisoners of a correctional home ‒ Presidency jail who all have a dark past life but here they are being reformed day by day.
Plot.
Niharika Chatterjee is the wife of public prosecutor Arindam Chatterjee. Arindam is a dominating husband who is a male chauvinist. He dominates over Niharika. Thus, Niharika is unhappy with her marriage life. They both have a sweet little child who is deaf and dumb. Niharika organises a party for girls who are physically challenged like her own daughter. There, she meets new Inspector General of correctional cells of West Bengal, Mr. Brij Narayan Dutta. The latter informs Niharika his plans and ideas of reforming convicts of the correctional cells. Being aware of Niharika's talent and skills, he requests Niharika to help him organise an event with the prisoners. Niharika agrees to the proposal with a condition that her husband needs to be kept in the dark. One day while they were having a rehearsal, Niharika wished to stage Rabindranath Tagore's Valmiki-Pratibha involving the inmates of the correctional cells. Niharika informs B.N.Dutta about it. B.N.Dutta likes the idea and approves the proposal. In the cellular jail, Yusuf Mohammad is a very well known criminal. He is accused of murder, kidnapping, etc. B.N.Dutta wants him to be in the play. He succeeds in convincing Mohommad Yousuf. It is he who later becomes Niharika's main protagoinst in the stage play. Mohammad Yousuf gradually changes as Niharika keeps training them. They plan to escape from the jail at the day of the play. But, the feeling of guilt encompasses Mhd. Yousuf and though they got out of the jail through a tunnel, they return and completes the play.

</doc>
<doc id="36776385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776385" title="Marutha of Tikrit">
Marutha of Tikrit

Marutha of Tikrit (565–649) (), was a theologian and the second Maphrian of the West Syrian Church in the Sassanid Empire.
Life.
Marutha was born in Shawarzaq, a village near Beth Nuhadra in Upper Mesopotamia, to West Syrian parents. He became a monk at a young education and moved to Callinicus to further his education. He later journeyed to Edessa and from there to the Monastery of St. Matthew near Nineveh.
In 628 he was consecrated a Maphrian of the East and resided from he Maphrianate See of Tikrit until his death in 2 may 649.
Works.
Marutha produced an extensive commentary on the Gospel, several supplicatory prose hymns and festal homilies, and a polemical treatise against the Church of the East. He also had several contributions to the Organisation of the West Syrian Church as a Maphrian, including the establishment of 15 dioceses in Mesopotamia, Azerbayjan, Khurasan and Afghanistan, all of which were placed under the jurisdiction of the Maphrianate of Tikrit.

</doc>
<doc id="36776390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776390" title="Teräväinen">
Teräväinen

Teräväinen or Teravainen, a surname of Finnish origin, can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36776401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776401" title="Jovan Jovanović (rower)">
Jovan Jovanović (rower)

Jovan Jovanović (, born October 11, 1991 in Smederevo) is a Serbian rower.
He won a gold medal at the 2011 World Rowing U23 Championships in Men's Coxed fours and posted U23 world record. He repeated the success in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36776406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776406" title="2012–13 United Counties Football League">
2012–13 United Counties Football League

The 2012–13 United Counties Football League season (known as the 2012–13 ChromaSport & Trophies United Counties League for sponsorship reasons), a football competition in England. Teams are divided into two divisions; the Premier and the First.
Premier Division.
The Premier Division features four new teams in a league of 21 teams:
Division One.
Division One features five new teams in a league of 19 teams:

</doc>
<doc id="36776421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776421" title="Football at the 2011 All-Africa Games – Women's qualification">
Football at the 2011 All-Africa Games – Women's qualification

Qualification.
Zone 2 Africa 1.
The first leg was scheduled to take place on 11–13 February 2011. The second leg was scheduled to take place on 25–27 February 2011
' qualified for the final tournament after withdrew.
Zone 3 Africa 2.
Preliminary Round.
The first leg is scheduled to take place on 11–13 February 2011. The second leg is scheduled to take place on 25–27 February 2011
First Round.
The first leg is scheduled to take place on 29–30 April and 1 May 2011. The second leg is scheduled to take place on 15–17 May 2011.
' qualified for the final tournament.
Zone 4 Africa.
Preliminary Round.
The first leg is scheduled to take place on 11–13 February 2011. The second leg is scheduled to take place on 25–27 February 2011
First Round.
The first leg is scheduled to take place on 29–30 April and 1 May 2011. The second leg is scheduled to take place on 15–17 May 2011.
' qualified for the final tournament after withdrew.
Zone 5 Africa.
Preliminary Round.
The first leg was scheduled to take place on 11–13 February 2011. The second leg was scheduled to take place on 25–27 February 2011
First Round.
The first leg is scheduled to take place on 29–30 April and 1 May 2011. The second leg is scheduled to take place on 15–17 May 2011.
' qualified for the final tournament after withdrew.
Zone 6 Africa.
Preliminary Round.
The first leg took place on 13 February 2011. The second leg took place on 27 February 2011
First Round.
The first leg is scheduled to take place on 29–30 April and 1 May 2011. The second leg is scheduled to take place on 15–17 May 2011.
Zone 7 Ocean.
No entries. One extra team will qualify from Zone 6 as a result.
Final tournament.
The following countries have qualified for the final tournament:

</doc>
<doc id="36776431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776431" title="Casey King">
Casey King

William Casey King ("Casey King") is an award-winning author, filmmaker and historian of ideas who currently serves as the Executive Director of the Yale Center for Analytical Sciences. King was formerly the Executive Director of the W.E.B. DuBois Institute at Harvard University. In the 1980s, prior to becoming an author and historian, King was a corporate bond trader for Salomon Brothers.
Books and Publications.
King is the author of "Ambition, A History, From Vice to Virtue" published by Yale University Press in January, 2013. The book traces ambition's transformation from pernicious vice to celebrated American virtue. King also co-authored "Oh, Freedom! Kids Talk About the Civil Rights Movement with the People who Made it Happen" which was the recipient the Flora Steiglitz Strauss Award in 1997. The book was the result of an oral history project that King conducted while an elementary school teacher in Washington, D.C.
King has written scholarly articles on abolitionists in film and ambition and sin in Anglo-American culture. He has written book reviews for "The New York Times." 
Film and Play.
Prior to publishing his two books, King wrote, directed and produced a documentary film on African American artist Henry Ossawa Tanner that was aired on many public television stations. King won a grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities to produce the film in conjunction with the Philadelphia Museum of Art. 
In 2011, King also wrote and directed a historical play. Drawn from her letters, King wrote the play "A Revolutionary Woman: An Afternoon with Mrs. Mercy Otis Warren." King directed performances of the play at the Yale University Art Gallery in September 2011.
Work on Financial Markets.
King is also known for his work on the financial markets. He performed a study on the efficacy or lack thereof of the SEC Circuit Breakers. King also developed a Lexicon of words to assist in event risk hedging in the corporate bond market. He has presented his findings in several other venues, including delivering the keynote address at “Battle of the Quants,” New York, NY March, 2012.
Personal.
King was born in New York City but spent his early childhood on Greenfield Hill in Fairfield, Connecticut. He graduated from Phillips Academy Andover and then was an undergraduate at Tulane and Harvard University. He later received his PhD from Yale. King also went on to become an avid cyclist. While living in the south of France, King was a member of the French cycling team AVC Aix, now a farm team for the professional Cofidis team. He also rode for a UFOLEP team based in Cavaillon. In 2005, King broke away alone early in the "Challenge Yves Jullian" to win the race at least two minutes in front of the entire field. While pursuing his PhD in 2002, King also rode for the Yale Cycling Team, winning a silver medal at the collegiate national championships in the team time trial in 2002. He lives in Hamden, CT.

</doc>
<doc id="36776461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776461" title="Buffalo Hart, Illinois">
Buffalo Hart, Illinois

Buffalo Hart is an unincorporated community in northern Sangamon County in the U.S. state of Illinois. It is the population center of its own township, Buffalo Hart Township.
Buffalo Hart was originally built in the 1800s, first as a frontier settlement based on a prairie grove, and then as a rural station stop on the Gilman, Clinton and Springfield Railroad twelve miles northeast of Springfield, Illinois, the state capital. Farmers would bring fresh vegetables and milk to the now-vanished railroad station for transportation into nearby cities. The railroad's successor-in-interest, the Canadian National, continues to operate a right-of-way that passes through Buffalo Hart.
A small grove of trees about 0.5 miles south of the village, which originally stood out amongst the tallgrass prairie grassland of central Illinois, has long been called "Buffalo Hart." A three-acre remnant of the white oak grove has been preserved for public use as the "Robert Burns Memorial Park". Buffalo Hart Grove had a post office as early as 1837, but by 2009 the mail location was long gone. The crossroads general store closed about 1971 and the trackside grain elevator was no longer in active use as of 2012. The unincorporated community is part of the Springfield, Illinois metropolitan area, and is served by Illinois Route 54.

</doc>
<doc id="36776465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776465" title="Biagio Meccariello">
Biagio Meccariello

Biagio Meccariello (born 27 March 1991) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian Serie B club Ternana.
Biography.
Meccariello started his senior career with Italian Serie D (amateur/non-professional) club Viribus Unitis. He was selected to national under-18 amateur team in April 2010. On 6 July 2011 Meccariello was signed by Lega Pro Prima Divisione club A.S. Andria BAT along with Angelo Tartaglia. (Italian third highest level). That season he was selected twice to the representative team of Lega Pro (ex- Serie C), against Palestine Olympic (no line-up) and England C.
On 8 August 2012 Meccariello was sold to Serie B newcomer Ternana. He wore no.19 for his new team.

</doc>
<doc id="36776474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776474" title="Black Adder 6">
Black Adder 6

Black Adder 6 is a Bentley Special, based on a 1947 Mark VI. It was equipped with a 4.9 litre straight-six motor. A "special" in British motoring parlance is an "one-off" design using components of an existing vehicle that is intended to test the limits of the original design and are often intended for competition. 
Its design was derived from such vintage Bentleys as "Old Number 1" and the "Napier-Railton Special." The cars of Bentley's 1920–1930s racing era, when the marque competed in such races as Le Mans and Brooklands, were further inspiration for its Brooklands boat-tail aluminum body. 
In 2011, the Black Adder 6 achieved a 1st in class at the British Invasion XXI and in 2012 it was awarded 1st in Class in the Concours d'Elegance at British Invasion XXII.

</doc>
<doc id="36776485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776485" title="Barton Bushes">
Barton Bushes

Barton Bushes () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1996.
The site has local names being Barton Larches and Meadows Larches. It lies within the Cotswold Hills Environmentally Sensitive Area (ESA), and the Cotswolds Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. 
Flora and fauna.
The site is of special interest as it supports the nationally rare Cotswold Pennycress "(Thlaspi perfoliatum)",
for unimproved limestone grassland and scrub and for its population of the nationally scarce Duke of Burgundy fritillary butterfly.

</doc>
<doc id="36776491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776491" title="The Mend">
The Mend

The Mend are a British boy band consisting of members Kris Evans, Dean Kelly, Jay Kontzle and Craig Worsley. They originally auditioned for "The X Factor" in 2011, but failed to get any further than bootcamp due to having a management deal. They went on to audition for "Britain's Got Talent" in 2012, and reached the semi-finals but after the public vote was revoked due to the judges' split decision, they failed to go through to the finals. They were then brought back by the judges for the final as a result of a wildcard, and finished in eighth place overall. They released their debut single "Where Were You" on 24 March 2013 independently.
Career.
2008–11: Formation.
In 2008 Nigel Martin-Smith, former manager of boy band Take That, formed a new vocal group after auditioning boys from the North West. The initial line up consisted of Lewis Conroy, Dean Kelly, Jayme Kontzle and Craig Worsley. The band was initially called ASBRO, a play on words related to an ASBO (Anti Social Behaviour Order), and were described by Danny McFadden in The Guardian as the new East 17.
Martin-Smith stated in an interview that, in seeking members for the band, he, "wanted them to be ‘streetwise’ as well as having bags of personality, a good voice and looking good in front of a camera."
In early 2010 Martin-Smith auditioned for a fifth member, which resulted in the addition of Kris Evans to the group. At this point Lewis Conroy left the line up and the group became a four piece consisting of Evans, Kelly, Kontzle and Worsley.
In 2011, due to the negative associations linked to the name ASBRO, the group became known as The Mend. Of the change, Dean Kelly stated in an interview, 'We loved the name Asbro, but we felt it was holding us back because there was negative feedback about it. We thought ‘we need to mend this’, hence how we came up with The Mend.' Jayme Kontzle added of the name change, "No record label has seen us as The Mend so it’s like a new start for us. It also stands for The Manchester End."
They stated during their first appearance on "Britain's Got Talent" in early 2012 that they had been together for three years.
2012–13: Britain's Got Talent.
The Mend auditioned for "Britain's Got Talent" in front of judges David Walliams, Alesha Dixon, Amanda Holden and Simon Cowell. They performed "(Sittin' On) The Dock of the Bay", receiving a standing ovation from the audience. They also received rave reviews from the judges, praising their own 'twist' on the song. They received four "yes" votes and were put through to the next round. A few weeks later they were shown being put through to the live semi-finals.
The Mend performed for a second time during the first semi-final on 6 May 2012, singing a mash-up of "(I Just) Died in Your Arms" and "Written in the Stars", and once again received rave reviews from the judges, with Cowell stating that there is a market for the band, and praising their vocals. The Mend were in the top three for the voting that night, and with dog act Ashleigh and Pudsey (the eventual winners) being the highest ranked act of the night with the highest number of votes, it was down to the judges to choose between The Mend and Only Boys Aloud for the next place in the final. Walliams and Holden opted for Only Boys Aloud, while Cowell and Dixon opted for The Mend, leading to a split decision. It was then revealed that Only Boys Aloud had the higher amount of votes and were through to the final.
However, Ant & Dec announced at the start of the first semi-final that the judges had a wildcard and would be able to send a previously-eliminated act through to Saturday's final. The judges eventually narrowed the choices down to three: The Mend, Four Corners and Twist and Pulse Dance Company and it was announced at the beginning of the final that The Mend would take that wildcard. They then went on to perform "Without You" and despite getting praise from the judges and a good response from the audience, The Mend finished in seventh place with 2.6% of the vote.
2013–present: Post "Talent".
The Mend were the support act for Little Mix on their 2013 DNA tour. They released their debut single "Where Were You" on 24 March 2013. The single reached #67 in the UK Singles Chart.
In July 2013, they embarked on their first headline tour, performing in Birmingham, London and Manchester.
Their next single will be called "Oxygen" and by September 2013 they were in the studio recording their debut album.
Members.
Kris Evans.
Kris Evans, born 22 August 1990, is from Middleton, Greater Manchester. Evans is a producer, songwriter and rapper with the group.
Dean Kelly.
Dean Kelly is from Stockport, Greater Manchester. Kelly credits being part of The Mend as the reason he has stayed out of jail, a fate that befell one of his older brothers, stating in an interview, "This group has given us a lifeline. Obviously, if I hadn’t got into this group I’d have got into trouble. I am not doubting that."
Jayme Kontzle.
Jayme 'Jay' Kontzle, born 12 August 1990, was raised by his grandparents in Crewe, Cheshire after his mother was killed in a car crash when he was aged four. Kontzle is a songwriter, producer and singer with the group.
Craig Worsley.
Craig Worsley, born 30 August 1989, is from Preston, Lancashire. Worsley is the lead singer of The Mend and a former choirboy. Simon Cowell stated that Worsley had "a great recording voice."

</doc>
<doc id="36776509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776509" title="Football at the 1978 All-Africa Games – Men's qualification">
Football at the 1978 All-Africa Games – Men's qualification

Qualifying teams.
The following countries have qualified for the final tournament:

</doc>
<doc id="36776510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776510" title="Libbie Block">
Libbie Block

Libbie Block (July 10, 1910 – March 30, 1972) was an American author.
Early life.
Libbie Block was born on July 10, 1910, in Denver, Colorado. She was the daughter of Russian immigrants, David and Mildred Block.
Career.
She wrote over 250 short stories and novels. In 1944, her short story "Imagine Us!" was made into the film "Pin Up Girl", starring Betty Grable, while her novel "Wild Calendar" was made into the film "Caught", in 1949.
In 1959, a compilation of Block's short stories was published under the title "No Man Tells Everything". She is also known for writing "Bedeviled" (1947), "The Hills of Beverly" (1957), and "This Town Needs a Doctor" (1971).
Personal life.
She was married to Pat Duggan, and together, they had three children. She died on March 30, 1972, in Denver.

</doc>
<doc id="36776512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776512" title="Reykjavik Geothermal">
Reykjavik Geothermal

Reykjavik Geothermal Ltd (RG) is a geothermal development company that specifically identifies and targets high quality geothermal resources in combination with underserved power markets.
RG was founded in Iceland in 2008 by experienced geothermal management and science team, in all aspects of the geoscience, engineering, financing and management of geothermal development, exploration and plant construction. 
RG has been verified by accredited management standards and authenticated systems and frameworks including ISO 9001. The Company has implemented ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 and these environmental and occupational health and safety systems are pending BSI audit. Furthermore the company has implemented ISO 26000 standard on social responsibility and the SA 8000 standard on social accountability.
Headquartered in Iceland, RG is owned by management and U.S. investors. It has offices in New York City in USA, Addis Ababa in Ethiopia and in Port Moresby in Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="36776522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776522" title="Marutha">
Marutha

Marutha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36776523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776523" title="Robert Christie Jr.">
Robert Christie Jr.

Robert Christie Jr. (born March 10, 1824 Troy, Rensselaer County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Life.
He studied law with David L. Seymour and David Buel Jr., was admitted to the bar, and practiced in Troy in partnership with Buel. About 1847, Christie removed to New York City. In 1851, he married Frances Juliet Kelsey, and they had several children. 
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Richmond Co.) in 1859; and a member of the New York State Senate (1st D.) in 1864 and 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="36776527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776527" title="Paraloma, Arkansas">
Paraloma, Arkansas

Paraloma is an unincorporated community in Washington Township, Sevier County, Arkansas, United States. It is located on Highway 234 north of Millwood Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="36776537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776537" title="Athletics at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Women's 800 metres">
Athletics at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Women's 800 metres

The Women's 800 metres competition at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada was held at the Olympic Stadium on 23–26 July.
Competition format.
The Women's 200m competition consisted of heats (Round 1), Semifinals and a Final. The three fastest competitors from each race in the heats plus the next fastest overall qualified for the Semifinals. The four fastest competitors from each of the Semifinal races advanced to the Final.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Results.
Round 1.
Qual. rule: first 3 of each heat (Q) plus the next fastest time (q) qualified.

</doc>
<doc id="36776552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776552" title="List of cases of police brutality in Iran">
List of cases of police brutality in Iran

This is a list of notable cases of police brutality in Iran. 

</doc>
<doc id="36776574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776574" title="Seplat Petroleum Development Company">
Seplat Petroleum Development Company

Seplat Petroleum Development Company (Seplat) is a Nigerian oil company based in Lagos. The company was formed in 2009 by a merger of Platform Petroleum and Shebah Exploration and Production, both small Nigerian based companies. Maurel & Prom, a French oil exploration company, purchased a 45% in the new formed company.
Seplat acquired several oil blocks from Royal Dutch Shell in the Niger delta. The company was able to expand production to 43,000 barrels per day, which was doubled from when Seplat acquired the blocks.
In January 2014, Seplat became the preferred bidder on Chevron’s OML53 off shore block, after indigenous oil company Britannia-U did not show evidence that it could raise the US$ 1.2bn it had bid for blocks OML52, 53 and 55, estimated to contain proven oil and gas reserves of 555 million barrels of oil equivalent (MMBOE).
Seplat was bidding to acquire OML53, but was outbid by Brittania-U.
Chevron has been seeking to liquidate its 40 percent stake in blocs OMLs 52, 53, 55, 83 and 85 since June 2013, listing them for sale to local operators. Other international oil majors ConocoPhillips, Royal Dutch Shell, Total and Eni are also disposing of stakes in onshore and shallow water offshore fields in the Niger Delta region.
However legal challenges have emerged that have slowed down Chevron’s Nigerian disposal programme and despite then agreeing to sell its biggest block, OML53 to Seplat, a Nigerian federal high court issued an interim injunction in December 2013 stopping the company from selling the blocks to Seplat and others after Brittania-U brought action against the U.S. major saying it had already agreed a deal to buy the assets.
It was also agreed to dispose of OML 52 to local firm Amni Petroleum and the smallest, OML 55, to Belema Oil, run by a local Delta community.
On 27 January 2014 Justice Mohammed Yunusa of the Federal High Court in Lagos extended an interim junction restraining Chevron and its Nigerian subsidiary from negotiating the sale of OML52, 53 and 54, with Seplat or any other bidder, apart from Brittania-U Limited.
The judge also extended the injunction restraining Chevron declaring Seplat as preferred bidder for the oil blocks, over Brittania-U Limited. Yunusa adjourned the case to 10 February. .
Elders Council of Ugborhen Community Introduced Newly Elected Executives, To Seplat Petroleum Development Company Limited
The Elders Council of Ugborhen Community on Tuesday February 18 introduced members of the newly elected executive to Seplat Petroleum Development Company Limited to pilot its affairs within the next three years.
In a letter signed by the Okpako-amua (most eldest man) of the community, Pa.David Ikprukpru, Okuoghara Leader, Pa.Jacob Ekpekpe, Okuikoro Leader, Pa.Moses Idama, Chairman Ugborhen District, Pa.Ukpmueyi Edota, Okuekpoghor Leader, Mr.Matthew Abaigbodi, Udumugbaku Leader, Mr.Moses Okagbare, Secretary, Mr.Romafuru Biadoyo and Spokesman, Mr.Michael Esiyede.
The elders enjoined Seplat to carry out all transactions concerns Ugborhen Community with newly elected executive led by Chief Anthony Amitaye as President. Others are Mr.Friday Okokoro,Vice President, Comrade Peter Awe, Secretary, Hon.Lawrence Ladun, Assistant Secretary, Mr.Moses Omadud,Treasurer, Mr.Robert Abayigbodi, Spokesman, Mr.Gulf Okpigben, Public Relations Officer, Mr.Peter Ikprukpru, Financial Secretary, Mr.Felix Alomere, Member, Mr.Henry Ekuajemi, Member, Mr.Peter Umukoro, Member, Mr.Peter Erikefe Ukuegbuwa, Member, Mr.Raphael Okologo, Member, Mr.Obaro Lucky Adjohwoemu, Member, Mr.Daniel Ekpekpe, Member, Mr.George Okologo, Member, Mr.Stephen Umukoro, Member, Mr.Francis Umukoro, Member, Mr.Sylvester Ekpekpe, Member and Mr.Henry Eyarefe, Adviser.
Base & Logistics Manager, Seplat Petroleum Development Company Limited, Prince Chuks Igeleyan sue for harmonius relationship between Seplat and the newly elected executive of Ugborhen Community pointing out that Seplat had enjoyed good relationship with the immediate past executive led by Mr.Henry Eyarefe.
Responding, Chief Anthony Amitaye summed it thus" in as much as we lay them down, discuss them and agreed on them, i can assure you this executive will be better than the past executive".

</doc>
<doc id="36776603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776603" title="Rosalina (genus)">
Rosalina (genus)

Rosalina is a foraminiferal genus included in the rotaliid family Rosalinidae. 
"Rosalina" has a smooth plano-convex to concavo-convex trochospiral test in which the chambers are rapidly enlarging and all visible on the convex spiral side and subtriangular and strongly overlapping on the umbilical side, the final chamber taking up about one-third of the circumference. Sutures on the spiral side are depressed and oblique, curving back at the periphery. The umbilicus is open, partly covered by triangular umbil­ical flaps extending from each chamber of the final whorl. Chamber interiors are simple and undivided with subacute peripheries. Walls are calcareous, with an organic inner lining, and are distinctly perforate. The aperture is a low interiomarginal arch near the periphery on the umbilical side, with narrow bordering lip.
"Rosalina" has a stratigraphic range from the Eocene to recent and a cosmopolitan distribution. Related genera include "Neoconorbina", "Rotorboides", and "Semirosalina".

</doc>
<doc id="36776623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776623" title="Chhindwara – Amritsar Chhattisgarh Express">
Chhindwara – Amritsar Chhattisgarh Express

Route.
It runs through the states of, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Haryana and Punjab and covers a distance of 1411 km.
Train information.
This is an express train which runs on daily basis. The train from Chhindwara is numbered as 18237 while from Amritsar is numbered as 18238. It contains 24 coaches. Its coach composition is SLR, G1, G2, HA1, A1, B1, B2, B3, S12, S11, PC, S10, S9, S8, S7, S6, S5, S4, S3, S2, S1, G3, G4; SLR, SP.

</doc>
<doc id="36776640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776640" title="History of the Greeks in Baltimore">
History of the Greeks in Baltimore

The history of the Greeks in Baltimore dates back to the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Baltimore is home to one of the largest Greek American communities in the United States. The Greek community in Baltimore numbered 16,764 as of 2000, making up 0.7 percent of Baltimore's population. The community is centered in the Greektown and Highlandtown neighborhoods.
History.
1820s–1990s.
The first Greeks in Baltimore were nine young boys who arrived as refugees of the Chios Massacre, the slaughter of tens of thousands of Greeks on the island of Chios at the hands of the Ottomans during the Greek War of Independence. Immigrants from Greece first started to settle in Baltimore in large numbers during the 1890s. Early Greek settlers established the Greek Orthodox Church “Evangelismos” in 1906 and the Greek Orthodox Cathedral of the Annunciation in 1909. By the 1920s, a vibrant yet small Greek community had been firmly established.
The peak of the Greek migration to Baltimore was between the 1930s and the 1950s. The Greek community gained its first political representation in 1959, when Peter Angelos became the first Greek-American to be elected to the Baltimore City Council.
The Greek population saw another smaller surge in numbers after the passage of the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965, which allowed for the immigration of thousands of Greeks. This wave of Greek immigrants to Baltimore ended by the early 1980s. During the 1980s the Greek residents of the neighborhood that was then known simply as the Hill successfully petitioned the city government to rename the neighborhood as Greektown. By that time the Greek community was 25,000 strong.
21st century.
While there is still a strong Greek-American presence in Greektown and Highlandtown, the population of the Greek community has been declining. The population is aging and many have moved out of the original Greek neighborhoods. The Latino population is increasing rapidly as the Greek population decreases. The majority of newcomers to the neighborhood are now Latino.
Culture.
There are a number of Greek-American restaurants in Baltimore, such as Ikaros, The Acropolis, The Black Olive, and Samos. There is also an annual Greek Folk Festival held at Saint Nicholas Greek Orthodox Church.
Most Greek-Americans in Baltimore belong to the Greek Orthodox Church, though a small minority have been Greek Jews.
Further reading.
Caraveli, Anna. "Scattered in foreign lands: a Greek village in Baltimore", Baltimore: Baltimore Museum of Art, 1985. ISBN 0912298596.

</doc>
<doc id="36776671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776671" title="Bigsweir Woods">
Bigsweir Woods

Bigsweir Woods () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1984. The site is listed in the 'Forest of Dean Local Plan Review' as a Key Wildlife Site (KWS) (including Wyeseal and Slip Woods).
The site is within the Wye Valley Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and is part owned by the Woodland Trust.
Wye Valley Woodlands/ Coetiroedd Dyffryn Gwy are recognised as a Special Area of Conservation (SAC) under the EU Habitats Directive.
Habitat and flora.
The woods of the region are one of the most important areas of woodland conservation in the United Kingdom, being semi-natural woodland, and run continuously along the Lower Wye Gorge (which is also notified as an SSSI).
There is a rich mixture of tree types and rare and local species are present. Bigsweir Woods are sited on Devonian Old Red Sandstone and quartz conglomerate. This produces acid soil. The wood is dominated by Sessile Oak but includes some Beech, Small-leaved Lime and Birch. Hazel, Beech, Small-leaved Lime also make up an understorey with Rowan and Holly. Ground flora includes Bramble, Bracken, Ivy, Dog's Mercury and Bilberry.
Local herbs include Forester's Woodrush "(Luzula forsteri)", Bitter Vetch, Alder Buckthorn and Wood Fescue "(Festuca altissima)". There are "carpets" of Bluebell. The site supports a significant range of ferns.

</doc>
<doc id="36776682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776682" title="Cogent Fibre">
Cogent Fibre

Cogent Fibre is an American producer and exporter of pine wood chips. It produces different types of wood chips by harvesting them from the natural thinning of trees and exports them to Asian and European customers for the manufacture of fiberboard, particleboard, wood pellets, and pulp and paper products The privately held company maintains offices in Stamford, Connecticut and Toronto, Ontario in Canada. In 2010, the organization ranked 402 out of 500 companies on INC.’s annual 500/5000 listing of the fastest-growing private companies in the United States.
History.
The company was founded in 2005. In 2011, Cogent provided 70 percent of all wood chips imported to Turkey and continued to expand its pine wood chip exports to Austria, China, and Italy. RISI, a company that tracks the global forest products industry, named Cogent Fibre the largest exporter of US wood chips to Europe. In late 2010, the company was featured on the 21st Century Business Television series, a production of Multi-Media Productions.
In 2011, Cogent Fibre reopened a wood chip facility at the Port of Morehead City in North Carolina. The company, along with Industrial Marine Services, invested $1.5 million to rehabilitate the facility.
In 2008, Cogent Fibre earned its certificate of registration for the Sustainable Forestry Initiative, which is “responsible for maintaining, overseeing, and improving a sustainable forestry certification program that is internationally recognized.”

</doc>
<doc id="36776701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776701" title="Tempo Reale">
Tempo Reale

Tempo Reale is an electronic music research, production, and educational centre, based in Florence, Italy. It was founded by composer Luciano Berio, who served as the centre's director from 1987 to 2000, and as honorary president until his death in 2003. The centre has celebrated its 25-year anniversary in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36776726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776726" title="Dark Knight (TV series)">
Dark Knight (TV series)

Dark Knight or (Fantasy Quest), is a 2000 TV series, a medieval adventure, and a radical new look at the Ivanhoe legend, a Channel 5 series, an Ivanhoe for the 21st Century, battling not only tyranny and oppression but a Pandora's Box of strange, terrifying and magical creatures. An epic journey into the Dark Ages; a time of fear, magic and mystery, of action and exciting adventure where the only light in a dangerous land is the glint of fire on the sword blade of the "Chosen One" - the Dark Knight. This joint New Zealand/England production attempted to capitalize on the same sword and sorcery market successfully mined by "". 
Plot.
In the year of 1193, Richard the "Lionheart", King of England, led the third Great Crusade to reclaim the Holy Land from the Turks. After the battle, on their return home to England, Richard and his Knights are captured by the forces of Austria's Emperor, and held prisoners of war in the castle of Austria. In the castle dungeon, the knights are being tortured to tell the Austrians the location of King Richard's treasure. But the knights reply "there is no treasure". The guards don't believe them. Then one of the English knights, Tancred, tells the head-guard that they do have one treasure that all of England will pay for - "King Richard" himself! The head-guard understands what he means - "a ransom". Tancred agrees to return to England, to collect the ransom, telling the guard that Richard's brother Prince John will pay dearly for the king's freedom. The guard orders Tancred to tell the prince to raise "100,000 gold crowns", he tells him that when the Austrians have them, King Richard and his Knights will be free and have their passage home. He gives Tancred three months, if he didn't get the ransom in time, the Austrians would start killing his fellow knights. Of course, the knight chained close to Tancred believed the part about Prince John paying for King Richard's ransom to be false. The knight's name - Ivanhoe! As the guards were releasing Tancred to return to England, and looking the other way, Ivanhoe saw a sword close to him, kicked it into the air, and grabbed it. The head-guard looked back, and rushed over to Ivanhoe, but he stabbed him, and freed himself. One of the other knights told Ivanhoe release him too. But the other knights warned Ivanhoe of the guards coming. As the two knights fought their way out, they said that Prince John will never pay Richard's ransom, and that Tancred will betray them all. Then one of the guards held a cross-bow, and shot the brave knight in the chest. He told Ivanhoe, "King Richard must be ransomed! England must be saved! Go, Ivanhoe! Go!" So, Ivanhoe killed the guard, and ran out the door. He escaped on a horse, and road off west, towards England! Ivanhoe returned home a month later, his plan was to, return to his family home to make peace with his father, raise the ransom, and restore King Richard to the throne of England.
Released as DVD.
While originally set to be released as a television series, the episodes were instead edited together and released as a 91 minute DVD in 2002, distributed by MTI Home Video and 20th century Fox... as "Darkest Knight" in the United Kingdom and as "Fantasy Quest" in the United States. AllRovi offered that series star, "humorless Ben Pullen, who looks like a young, underdeveloped Arnold Schwarzenegger, and CGI monsters that look like they were shot from a video game screen, no doubt were the potential TV series' downfall. 

</doc>
<doc id="36776742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776742" title="John Pecche">
John Pecche

John Pecche (1332–1376) was a 14th-century politician who was Lord Mayor of London and a member of Parliament.
Pecche was a successful fishmonger who purchased estates in Kent. His son was William Pecche.

</doc>
<doc id="36776747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776747" title="Peter of Courtenay, Lord of Conches">
Peter of Courtenay, Lord of Conches

Peter of Courtenay ( ( – 1249 or 1250 in Egypt) was a French knight and a member of the Capetian House of Courtenay, a cadet line of the royal House of Capet. From 1239 until his death, he was the ruling Lord of Conches-en-Ouche and Mehun-sur-Yèvre.
He was the eldest of five sons of Robert of Courtenay († 1239), Lord of Champignelles, and his wife Matilda of Mehun. From his parents he inherited the castle of Conches and Mehun. On 25 August 1248, he sailed with his cousin, King Louis IX of France, from Aigues-Mortes to Egypt to fight the Seventh Crusade, during which he died.
Most historians think he died during the battle for the city of Al Mansurah on 8 February 1250. On that day, Count Robert I of Artois led a vanguard of Crusaders in a spontaneous attack on the city. The vanguard was caught in a trap set by the defending Mamluks and all attackers were killed. However, the chronicler Jean de Joinville maintains Peter of Courtenay died on an earlier date. After the conquest of the Egytion port city of Damietta in June 1249, a large part of the crusader army camped outside the city wall, until they were ready to march to Al Mansurah in the autumn. The Sultan of Egypt offered a reward of one gold solidus for the head of each crusader. During the night, Saracens would sneak into the Crusader camp, kill sleeping Crusaders in their tents, and steal their severed heads. According to Joinville, Peter of Courtenay was the victim of one such attack. However, Joinville may be mistaken. One should consider that he wrote his cronicle decades after the fact, and that Peter de Courtenay is mentioned twice later in the chronicle, in connection with the Battle of Al Mansurah.
Marriage and issue.
Peter was married to Pétronille (d.1289), a daughter of Gaucher of Joigny and Amicie de Montfort. They had one child:
Pétronille remarried in 1252 to Henry II de Sully (d. 1269).

</doc>
<doc id="36776750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776750" title="Rafael Lovato Jr.">
Rafael Lovato Jr.

Rafael Lovato Jr. (born June 22, 1983) is an American Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu competitor and instructor. Although he is known as a successful competitor in high-level competition, he is particularly notable for being the second American (B.J. Penn being the first) to win the Brazilian National Jiu-Jitsu Championship as a black belt.
Rafael has had a long and formative training history with Xande and Saulo Ribeiro, one which began after he competed against Saulo in the finals of the 2003 Arnold Classic, when Rafael was just 19 years old.
Rafael currently manages his own academy in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="36776788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776788" title="Union Transfer">
Union Transfer

Union Transfer is an independently-owned and operated music venue in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; a joint venture between R5 Productions, The Bowery Presents (Terminal 5, Bowery Ballroom) and Four Corners Management. The venue opened to the public September 21, 2011 with the first ever show by Clap Your Hands Say Yeah and Poliça. 
The building originally opened in 1889 as the Spring Garden Farmer’s Market and has seen various incarnations over the years. Located at 1026 Spring Garden Street, Union Transfer lies within the Callowhill neighborhood, which borders Poplar, Chinatown and North Broad Street. The building was originally the Spring Garden Farmers Market from 1889 to 1918 and currently retains the signage that's carved into the building. From 1918 to 1942 the building was changed to the Union Transfer Baggage Express Co., where bags and other items were kept in storage for the railway company. The German embassy in Philadelphia even utilized the services of Union Transfer Baggage Co. prior to World War II. Facing several more transformations over the next 50 years including a tire shop, trust company, and a Spaghetti Warehouse, Union Transfer became a music venue in 2011.
A variety of shows are hosted at Union Transfer, primarily of the Indie Rock persuasion, as well as Folk, Electronic Dance Music, Hip Hop and Punk. In the past the Union Transfer has hosted bands such as Mischief Brew, M83, Diplo, Frank Ocean, The Tallest Man on Earth, Best Coast, and Cock Sparrer. Union Transfer sources several Philadelphia-based businesses like Yards Brewing Company and Little Baby's Ice Cream

</doc>
<doc id="36776807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776807" title="Fredonia Blue Devils">
Fredonia Blue Devils

The Fredonia Blue Devils are composed of 16 teams representing the State University of New York at Fredonia in intercollegiate athletics, including men and women's basketball, cross country, soccer, swimming & diving, and track and field. Men's sports include baseball and ice hockey. Women's sports include lacrosse, softball, tennis, and volleyball. The Blue Devils compete in the NCAA Division III and are members of the State University of New York Athletic Conference.
Baseball.
Fredonia has had 3 Major League Baseball Draft selection since the draft began in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="36776813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776813" title="Pegasus ArtWorks">
Pegasus ArtWorks

Created in 2002 to create broad based access to high yield arts programs, Pegasus ArtWorks provides direct access for at risk youth to high quality arts programs. The classes are taught through structured artist in residence programming, and include fine and performing arts as well as art/craft (such as quilting). Classes utilize the arts to teach literary proficiency, reading, mathematical, scientific, and cultural understanding in a contextualized manner. The arts are also utilized to teach leadership, teamwork, build self-confidence and expose youth to critical thinking skills.
Pegasus ArtWorks was named a "Notable Local Initiative" in 2010 by educational initiatives The Finance Project and ICF International. Inc
Pegasus ArtWorks was highlighted by the Delaware Division of Arts for Excellence in Arts Education in 2012. This included a short documentary piece on Content Delaware, a non-commercial project highlighting arts and culture in Delaware.
Programs.
Programs include, visual art, mural arts, drumming, dance and music. Curriculum is developed in partnership with teaching artists to fit the needs of the youth. The innovative Beat the Odds Curriculum from UCLA Arts and Healing program has been implemented to teach emotional skill building.
Pegasus ArtWorks is funded through the Delaware Division of the Arts, and was the first art program to be funded by the CJC (Criminal Justice Council). Pegasus ArtWorks also performs programming in BGCDE through OJP Funding, 21st Century Grant Funding and through the efforts of private donors.
History.
Founded in 2002, the Pegasus ArtWorks Program was a partnership of the DDOA, BGCDE and the CJC for three sites. Since that time, the program has become statewide.
Staff.
The Pegasus ArtWorks Program is administered through the Boys and Girls Clubs of Delaware. Patti Nelson is the Director. Teaching artists include; Alex Spinney, Michael Brown, Jane Chesson, Nicole Luther, Dennis Minus, and Josh Shockley.

</doc>
<doc id="36776814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776814" title="Keith Summa">
Keith Summa

Keith Summa is an American television news producer and executive. Summa currently serves as vice president of news partnerships for Univision. From 2007 to 2012 Summa headed CBS News' investigative unit. For 15 years prior he was a producer for ABC News and Peter Jennings Productions. Summa has received the George Polk Award, the Alfred I. duPont–Columbia University Award, the Peabody Award, and several News & Documentary Emmy Awards for his work in television news production.
Education and career.
Summa graduated from New York University's Tisch School of the Arts in 1982 with a bachelor of fine arts degree. Before his career in journalism, he served as the Advocacy Director for the Coalition for the Homeless.
From 1992 to 2007, Summa was a producer for ABC News and Peter Jennings Productions. He began that tenure as an associate producer for ABC News investigative correspondent Brian Ross and for the newsmagazine "Day One". Summa's documentaries for "Peter Jennings Reporting" include Peter Jennings' last documentary, "Breakdown: America's Health Insurance Crisis", which revealed the dangers of rising health care costs, as well as "From the Tobacco Files", exposing failures of the public health community; "How To Get Fat Without Really Trying", examining how agriculture policies and excessive marketing to children contribute to obesity; "Bitter Medicine: Pills, Profit and the Public Health", an investigation of the pharmaceutical industry; "The Gunfight", an exclusive look inside the National Rifle Association; and "Never Say Die: How the Tobacco Industry Keeps on Winning", an investigation of the tobacco industry's political tactics. In 2007 he produced the Bob Woodruff primetime special "To Iraq And Back". His investigative reporting on tobacco, health care and firearms also appeared on "World News Tonight", "Good Morning America", and "Nightline". In addition, Summa was a regular contributor to ABC News Radio and ABCNews.com. His reporting on the tobacco industry was chronicled in the book "Civil Warriors" by Dan Zegart.
On August 20, 2012, Summa joined Univision as vice president of news partnerships. In this role he serves as a liaison for the network to ABC News.
Awards.
In 1994 Summa, Walt Bogdanich, and John Martin were awarded a George Polk Award for network television reporting for their work on ABC News' television magazine, "Day One". Summa was honored in 2010, 2011, and 2012 with News & Documentary Emmy Awards for his work as senior producer on "CBS Evening News with Katie Couric". He has also received the Alfred I. duPont–Columbia University Award, the Peabody Award, and the Edward R. Murrow Award.

</doc>
<doc id="36776839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776839" title="Mundagakanniamman Koil railway station">
Mundagakanniamman Koil railway station

Mundagakanniamman Koil station is a railway station under construction on the Chennai MRTS. Located along the Buckingham Canal. However the station has started to function from 14th May 2014, though still the construction has not been completed. It will exclusively serve the Chennai MRTS. It will serve northern Mylapore, Santhome and Royapettah.
History.
Mundagakanniamman Koil station is the 18th MRTS station to be operational and is under construction. Work on the station began in 2002, at an initial estimated cost of 85.5 million. The station is being built as an additional one in the first phase of the Chennai MRTS network completed much earlier. Initially slated to be completed in April 2009 at a cost of 350 million, the construction was delayed due to land-acquisition issues. The next deadline was set as 2012 and again it was delayed due to getting approval for the name. The cost of construction was 100 million.
Controversy in station's name.
The station has been courting controversy ever-since it was first slated to be completed in 2009. The construction cost has run to 100 million.
The station's name ran into controversy in June 2013 when over 80 per cent work was over, since some local residents opposed the christening of the station after the Hindu goddess Mundagakanniamman. A temple of Goddess Mundagakann­iamman is almost in the vicinity of the station, which covers Ganesh­apuram and Slatterpuram that have a good number of Christian and Muslim population. The station's name boards were whitewashed by some residents, and the inauguration of the station, which was earlier scheduled for 15 May 2013, was deferred indefinitely. Later the Tamil Nadu government decided to retain the name since the station is located on the very street where the temple is situated, and the station was named "Mundagakanniamman Koil."
Structure.
The station is an elevated one built on the banks of the Buckingham Canal like most other MRTS stations. The station building consists of 2,400 sq m of parking area in its basement. The design of the station is similar to that of the Thirumailai station. The station has only one entrance as the Buckingham canal runs alongside.

</doc>
<doc id="36776848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776848" title="Luke F. Cozans">
Luke F. Cozans

Luke F. Cozans (March 15, 1836 Prince Edward Island, Canada – April 7, 1903 Manhattan, New York City) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of John Cozans and Mary (Comerford) Cozans (c.1796–1860). The family removed to New York City in 1839. He studied law with Ogden Hoffman, was admitted to the bar in 1857, and practiced in New York City.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (New York Co., 10th D.) in 1861; of the New York State Senate (5th D.) in 1864 and 1865; and again of the State Assembly (14th D.) in 1877. He was the Democratic candidate for Speaker in 1877, but was defeated by Republican George B. Sloan. 
He died of "kidney trouble" at his home at 2,016 Fifth Avenue, in Manhattan, and was buried in White Plains.

</doc>
<doc id="36776853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776853" title="Maurocastrum">
Maurocastrum

The town of Maurocastrum (in Byzantine Greek Μαυρόκαστρον - black castle - ), also known historically as "Cetatea Alba" (, meaning white fortress), was a settlement on the banks of the Dniester River, now the city of Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi, Ukraine, which developed around twin fortresses built for settlements of Phoenecian colonists in the 6th century B.C.. It later came under successive Greek, Roman and Byzantine rule. Under the Treaty of Nymphaion of 1261, the city came under the control of the Republic of Genoa. Called Mauricastro by them, it then became a base for trading by Genoese merchants with both the Byzantine Empire and the Mongol Empire. In 1359 the city became part of the Principality of Moldavia.
For Roman Catholics, the territory was part of the Apostolic Vicariate of Tartary, under the spiritual care of the Franciscan friars. It also apparently served as the seat of a local bishop of the Eastern Orthodox Church. The presence of an Orthodox bishop during this period is noted in a list of bishoprics under the authority of the Patriarchate of Constantinople during the reign of the Emperor Andronikos II Palaiologos.
For some time the title of Bishop of Maurocastrum was conferred on titular bishops of the Catholic Church, who were serving mission territories. It was first given in 1728 to Saint Peter Sanz, O.P., who was named a bishop to serve in China. The last bishop to be given this title was Walter Staal, S.J., (1839–1897) a missionary to the Dutch East Indies. Perhaps because of lack of evidence of it having been an ancient bishopric, it is no longer classified as a Catholic titular see and does not appear in the Catholic Church's list of titular sees.

</doc>
<doc id="36776864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776864" title="Claire's Cambodia">
Claire's Cambodia

"Claire's Cambodia" is an upcoming American comedy-drama film, written and directed by Stacy Sherman, making her feature film directing debut. The film stars Shannon Woodward, Wendi McLendon-Covey, India Menuez, Mary Kay Place, and Ray Wise. The film is executive produced by "The Hunger Games" screenwriter Billy Ray.
Plot.
This "sibling comedic drama" revolves around three estranged sisters (Shannon Woodward, India Menuez, Wendi McLendon-Covey) whose resentment and envy of one another is barely dented by the news that their father (Ray Wise) is terminally ill. Sherman has said that the city of Los Angeles will be a major focus of the film, stating that the city's distinct neighborhood will characterize the sisters' differences. She stated: "Los Angeles will illustrate those divisions in a comedic way". Shannon Woodward stars as the title character, Claire, one of the three sisters.

</doc>
<doc id="36776871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776871" title="Fort d'Emines">
Fort d'Emines

The Fort d'Emines is one of nine forts built as part of the Fortifications of Namur in the late 19th century in Belgium. It was built between 1888 and 1892 according to the plans of General Henri Alexis Brialmont. Contrasting with the French forts built in the same era by Raymond Adolphe Séré de Rivières, the fort was built exclusively of unreinforced concrete, a new material, rather than masonry. In 1914 the fort was heavily bombarded by German artillery in the Battle of Namur. Unlike seven of the nine Namur forts, Émines was never upgraded to become part of the fortified position of Namur. Instead, it became a supply and munitions depot. The fort is now abandoned on private property.
Description.
The Fort d'Emines is located about north of the center of Namur. The fort, one of the smaller Brialmont forts, is a triangle. A deep by ditch encircles the fort. The ditches were defended in enfilade by 57mm guns in casemates resembling counterscarp batteries, firing at shot traps at the other end of the ditch. The principal armament was concentrated in the central massif, closely grouped in a solid mass of concrete. Emines was designed to cover the gap between the Fort de Suarlée and the Fort de Cognolée, as well as the road and train line from Namur to Wavre.
Belgian forts made little provision for the daily needs of their wartime garrisons, locating latrines, showers, kitchens and the morgue in the fort's counterscarp, a location that would be untenable in combat. This would have profound effects on the forts' ability to endure a long assault. The service areas were placed directly opposite the barracks, which opened into the ditch in the rear of the fort (i.e., in the face towards Namur), with lesser protection than the front and "salient" sides. The Brialmont forts placed a weaker side to the rear to allow for recapture by Belgian forces from the rear, and located the barracks and support facilities on this side, using the rear ditch for light and ventilation of living spaces. In combat heavy shellfire made the rear ditch untenable, and German forces were able to get between the forts and attack them from the rear. The Brialmont forts were designed to be protected from shellfire equaling their heaviest guns: 21cm. The top of the central massif used of unreinforced concrete, while the caserne walls, judged to be less exposed, used . Under fire, the forts were damaged by 21cm fire and could not withstand heavier artillery.
Armament.
Emines's guns included one twin 15cm turret, one single 21cm turret and two singe 12cm turrets, all for distant targets. Three 57mm turrets with another six 57mm guns in embrasures providing defense of the fort's ditches and postern. The fort also mounted an observation turret with a searchlight.
The fort's heavy guns were German, typically Krupp, while the turret mechanisms were from a variety of sources. The fort was provided with signal lights to permit communication with neighboring forts. The guns were fired using black powder rather than smokeless powder, producing choking gas in the confined firing spaces that spread throughout the fort.
World War I.
In the summer of 1914 the Fort d'Emines was under the command of Captain-Commandant Lallemand, with about 400 men. Emines first fired its weapons on 23 August. It received 15cm and 21 cm fire in return from German batteries. The bombardment continued through the next day, with conditions growing intolerable within the fort as a result of the approximately 2000 shells that hit the fort. Emines surrendered at 1600 hours, with one dead.
The Germans re-armed Emines and upgraded its protection and habitability with additional concrete and ventilation. A ventilation tunnel was built under the ditch to the opposite side of the counterscarp.
Fortified Position of Namur.
Emines's was not chosen to be upgraded in the 1930s. It was instead used as a munitions depot. Two bunkers were built in 1939 and 1940 to provide for local defense with automatic arms.
Present.
The Fort d'Emines is on private property and is not open to the public. It was never repaired or rehabilitated after World War II. In an initiative by the Namur tourism it was open for tours on 11 November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36776880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776880" title="Blaisdon Hall">
Blaisdon Hall

Blaisdon Hall () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1995.
Blaisdon Hall supports a breeding roost of Lesser horseshoe bats which consists of one fifth of the known Gloucestershire breeding population, and has been deemed by Natural England to be of national importance. The site comprises part of the roof void, roof tiles, roof timbers, the flanking walls of the Hall and the nearby workshop. Pipistrelle bats and Brown long-eared bats also are recorded using the Hall.
Location and habitat.
The site is one of a series of Sites of Special Scientific Interest within the Forest of Dean and Wye Valley (Gloucestershire and Monmouthshire). These sites support (between them) breeding and hibernation roosts for Lesser and Greater horseshoe bats. This is of European importance. Other sites in the group in Gloucestershire (all of which are SSSIs) include the breeding sites of Caerwood And Ashberry Goose House, Dean Hall Coach House & Cellar and Sylvan House Barn. Hibernation sites include Buckshraft Mine & Bradley Hill Railway Tunnel, Devil's Chapel Scowles, Old Bow And Old Ham Mines and Westbury Brook Ironstone Mine.
The Wye Valley and Forest of Dean are one of the main locations for Lesser horseshoe bats because of the deciduous woodlands and, sheltered valleys, which provide a good feeding area, and the underground systems which provide roosting and breeding sites.
The citations for the series of sites provide common information.
Wye Valley and Forest of Dean Bat Sites/ Safleoedd Ystlumod Dyffryn Gwy a Fforest y Ddena are recognised as a Special Area of Conservation (SAC) under the EU Habitats Directive.
Conservation.
Natural England reports (unit of assessment report 2011) that the numbers of Lesser horseshoe bats remained the same as at citation (by chance). This was 187 (8 August 2011 count). Roof spaces were not accessed and considered to be inaccessible without causing structural damage and damage to the roost.

</doc>
<doc id="36776883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776883" title="Athletics at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Women's 1500 metres">
Athletics at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Women's 1500 metres

The Women's 1500 metres competition at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada was held at the Olympic Stadium on 23–26 July.
Competition format.
The Women's 1500m competition consisted of heats (Round 1), Semifinals and a Final. The three fastest competitors from each race in the heats plus the next two fastest overall qualified for the Semifinals. The four fastest competitors from each of the Semifinal races plus the next fastest overall advanced to the Final.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Results.
Round 1.
Qual. rule: first 4 of each heat (Q) plus the next two fastest times (q) qualified.

</doc>
<doc id="36776895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776895" title="Westmere (microarchitecture)">
Westmere (microarchitecture)

Westmere (formerly Nehalem-C) is the name given to the 32 nm die shrink of "Nehalem". The first "Westmere"-based processors were launched on January 7, 2010 by Intel Corporation.
Technology.
Westmere's feature improvements from Nehalem, as reported:
Roadmap.
The successor to "Nehalem" and "Westmere" is "Sandy Bridge".

</doc>
<doc id="36776908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776908" title="Scania F-series">
Scania F-series

Scania F-series is a series of front engine buses built by Scania of Sweden. 
With its front-mounted engine, the Scania F-series is ideal for tough conditions.
Available with 5-cylinder engines, equipped with a 6-speed manual gearbox, in 4x2 and 6x2 executions of several lengths.

</doc>
<doc id="36776912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776912" title="Chrysis (genus)">
Chrysis (genus)

Chrysis is a genus of cuckoo wasps belonging to the family Chrysididae, subfamily Chrysidinae and the tribe Chrysidini. It is the most populous genus within the Chrysidinae, including as it does over 1,000 species.
The generic name is derived from Greek "chrysis", "gold vessel, gold-embroidered dress", and pays tribute to the brilliant metallic appearance of wasps in the genus.

</doc>
<doc id="36776922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776922" title="Hervé Renoh">
Hervé Renoh

Hervé Renoh is a film director based in Paris and Los Angeles.
Having shot multiple commercials and tv films since writing and directing his first feature film REQUIEM, Renoh completed his second feature, Coursier, produced and released in 2010 by Europacorp, Luc Besson's production house (also producers of the "Taken", "Hitman" and "Transporter" films).
Renoh's latest film, "Jack of Diamonds", an English-language feature-length TV pilot produced by Muse Entertainment (USA/Canada) Gaumont (France) and ZDF (Germany), aired on Showcase and France2 in 2011.
Hervé Renoh is currently developing his third feature film while working on various TV projects and commercials.

</doc>
<doc id="36776943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776943" title="Semirosalina">
Semirosalina

Semirosalina is a foraminiferal genus from the Lower Miocene of New Zealand, related to "Rosalina", included in discorbacean family Rosalinidae. The test is a small trochospiral coil of few whorls with a few subglobular chambers per whorl. The test wall is thin and finely perforate. The aperture at the umbilical margin of the apertural face.
"Semirosalina" differs from "Rosalina" in being smaller in size, having fewer chambers, and an inflated rather than a flattened test.

</doc>
<doc id="36776961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776961" title="Double Hope Films">
Double Hope Films

Double Hope Films is a production company founded by independent film producer Ted Hope and his wife Vanessa Hope.

</doc>
<doc id="36776974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776974" title="Bob Khanna">
Bob Khanna

Dr Bob Khanna is a British dentist who has lectured internationally in the field of aesthetic medicine.
His special interests include aesthetic dentistry, surgical implantology and full mouth rehabilitation. Khanna is believed to have been the first British dentist to offer Botox and dermal fillers, and has contributed to the development of new aesthetic procedures such as treatments designed to give a distinctive heart-shape to the lips and the use of Botox to reduce the symptoms of bruxism.
Khanna runs two private surgeries in Reading and Ascot, Berkshire. He also runs the Dr Bob Khanna Training Institute, which provides professional courses on the subject of non-surgical facial rejuvenation. To date he has trained more than 10,000 doctors, dentists and plastic surgeons from around the world in non-surgical facial rejuvenation procedures, and has written more than 30 publications for dental and medical journals.
Khanna has been a cosmetic dental surgeon to a number of UK celebrities and has appeared on cosmetic surgery-related TV shows including Cosmetic Surgery Live (Channel 5), The Ruby Wax Show (BBC One) and Silicone Chicks (Discovery Health). He also assisted in the launch of Sky’s award-winning ‘Nip & Tuck’ series and is a regular on ITV's Daybreak.
Personal life & Career.
Khanna studied dentistry at Cardiff University, qualifying in 1992. After one year of vocational training he moved into private practice in Ascot, Berkshire.
In 1996, during a training programme in Canada, Khanna was alerted to the cosmetic potential of botox treatments after visiting Canadian husband and wife ophthalmologist and dermatologist physicians Doctors Jean and Alastair Carruthers, who were the first to publish a study on BTX-A for the treatment of glabellar frown lines in 1992. Following further research, Khanna began offering non-surgical facial aesthetic procedures utilising botox and dermal fillers in 1997.
Shortly after, he founded the Dr Bob Khanna Training Institute in order to help create a standard among medical and dental professionals for the practice of botulinum toxin and dermal filler treatments in the UK. In 2010, Khanna launched the Dr Bob Training Institute in America, offering hands-on training courses to instruct American professionals in the usage of his patented facial cosmetic techniques.
In 2003 Khanna was awarded with a Fellowship from the ‘International Academy of Dental Facial Aesthetics’ in New York, an accolade shared by some of the worlds most eminent dental surgeons.
In 2007 Khanna established the ‘International Academy of Advanced Facial Aesthetics’(IAAFA), of which he is also president. The organisation aims to represent and "unite all dental and medical professionals providing treatments within the realms of facial aesthetics from cosmetic dental surgeons and oral maxillofacial surgeons to ENT and plastic surgeons".
In 2009 Khanna was awarded ‘UK Private Dentist of the Year' at the 2009 Private Dentistry Awards. In the same year he was also appointed as Lead Clinical Lecturer in Facial Aesthetics by the Royal College of Surgeons (London).
In 2010, Khanna authored the facial aesthetics module of the Aesthetic Dentistry Msc at King's College London.
In 2011, Khanna was one of the only UK representatives invited to speak at IMCAS Asia (International Master Course on Aging Skin) in Singapore, teaching his "cutting edge approaches" on facial aesthetics and conducting master-classes to the leading dermatologists and plastic surgeons from all around the world. He was also keynote speaker at IFED (International Federation of Esthetic Dentistry), the "largest and most prestigious" aesthetic dentistry conference in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="36776980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776980" title="List of awards and nominations received by MercyMe">
List of awards and nominations received by MercyMe

MercyMe is an American Christian rock band based in Greenville, Texas. The band formed in 1994 and released six independent records from 1995-2000 before signing with INO Records and releasing their major-label debut, "Almost There", in 2001. They have since released six other studio albums as well as a holiday album.
MercyMe has been awarded the American Music Award for Favorite Contemporary Inspirational Artist twice, in 2004 and 2010. At the 35th GMA Dove Awards, the band received the awards for Artist of the Year and Group of the Year, while their song "Word of God Speak" received the award for Pop/Contemporary Song of the Year; they also received that award in 2001 with their song "I Can Only Imagine". Their album "Undone" received the award for Dove Award for Pop/Contemporary Album of the Year in 2005. "Coming Up to Breathe" was nominated for the Dove Award for Pop/Contemporary Album of the Year as well as the Grammy Award for Best Pop/Contemporary Gospel Album.
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards are awarded for achievements in the American record industry. MercyMe has been nominated for four awards, winning two of them.
Billboard Music Awards.
The Billboard Music Awards reflect "Billboard" "chart rankings based on key fan interactions with music, including album sales and downloads, track downloads, radio airplay and touring as well as streaming and social interactions on Facebook, Twitter, Vevo, YouTube, Spotify and other popular online destinations for music". MercyMe has been nominated for four awards.
Dove Awards.
The GMA Dove Awards honor artists in the genres of Christian music and Gospel music. MercyMe has been nominated for 18 awards, winning 6 of them.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by The Recording Academy and honor "artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position". MercyMe has been nominated for one award.

</doc>
<doc id="36776993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776993" title="Software-defined storage">
Software-defined storage

Software-defined storage (SDS) is a term for computer data storage technologies which separate storage hardware from the software that manages the storage infrastructure. The software enabling a software-defined storage environment provides policy management for feature options such as deduplication, replication, thin provisioning, snapshots and backup.
By definition, SDS software is separate from hardware it is managing. That hardware may or may not have abstraction, pooling, or automation software embedded. This philosophical span has made it difficult to categorize. If it can be used as software on commodity servers with disks, it suggests software such as a file system. If it is software layered over sophisticated large storage arrays, it suggests software such as storage virtualization or storage resource management, categories of products that are very differently positioned. In March 2014 SNIA began a Draft Technical Work available for Public Review on Software Defined Storage.
Based on similar concepts as software-defined networking (SDN),
SDS interest rose after Nicira, using the term software-defined networking, was acquired for over a billion dollars in 2012.
Several companies used the phrase "software-defined storage" to promote their products or plans. with a variety of intended interpretations of the term.
VMware, which made that billion-dollar acquisition, used the term software-defined data center (SDDC) for a broader concept wherein all the virtualized storage, server, networking and security resources required by an application can be defined by software and provisioned automatically.
It was then also used by other smaller companies, such as Coraid in May 2013.
Characteristics of software-defined storage could include any or all of the following features:

</doc>
<doc id="36776994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776994" title="Youness Mokhtar">
Youness Mokhtar

Youness Mokhtar (born 29 August 1991 in Utrecht) is a Dutch-Moroccan professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for FC Twente in the Dutch Eredivisie. He formerly played for FC Eindhoven and PEC Zwolle.

</doc>
<doc id="36776997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36776997" title="Nipuna Bandara">
Nipuna Bandara

Nipuna Bandara () is an Sri Lankan footballer who plays as a striker for Air Force SC in the Sri Lanka Football Premier League.
International.
Bandara made his international debut for Sri Lanka on 3 December 2011 in the 2011 SAFF Championship against Bhutan and he also scored twice in that match as Sri Lanka won the match 3–0.

</doc>
<doc id="36777000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777000" title="Missionary Sisters of the Immaculate Heart of Mary">
Missionary Sisters of the Immaculate Heart of Mary

The Missionary Sisters of the Immaculate Heart of Mary are a Roman Catholic religious institute of pontifical right of women, dedicated to the service of those in need in the Third World.
History.
The Sisters were founded in Mulagumudu, South India, then under the rule of the British Raj, in 1897 by Mother Marie Louise De Meester, a canoness regular from Ypres, Belgium. Always feeling a strong interest in the foreign missions of the Catholic Church, with the blessing of her prioress, De Meester left her native country to respond to the invitation of the Discalced Carmelite friars in India to care for orphans and abandoned children. Her sole companion was Dame Marie Ursule, a novice of that same monastery. They arrived in India on November 7, 1897.
The Sisters ran homes for the aged and the sick, orphanages and schools. Other women came to join them and eventually the canonesses in India separated from the monastery in Belgium and formed a new religious congregation, called the Missionary Canonesses of St. Augustine. The work began to grow and expand. From India De Meester established new communities of canonesses in the Philippines (1910), the West Indies (1914), the United States (1919), in Congo, (1920), and China (1923). She died in Belgium in 1928.
After World War II, the canonesses established new communities in Burundi (1944), Hong Kong (1953), Taiwan (1959), Guatemala, (1964), Brazil (1965), Cameroon (1969), Haiti (1977), Lebanon, (1987), Mongolia (1995), and Chad (1996).
In 1963 the canonesses sought to strengthen their missionary identity and became affiliated with the missionary priests of the Congregation of the Immaculate Heart of Mary. They then changed the structure of the congregation to drop their status as a semi-enclosed religious order and their name to the one they now have.
The congregation numbers more than 790 members living in over 100 communities located on five continents. (2010).
Notable members.
Sister Jeanne Devos, I.C.M., is a leader in the National Domestic Workers Movement, which advocates in defense of domestic workers in India, who has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="36777014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777014" title="List of former TVT Records artists">
List of former TVT Records artists

This is a list of artists who formerly recorded for TVT Records.<br>
Listed in parentheses are names of affiliated labels for which the artist recorded for TVT in conjunction with.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="36777028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777028" title="Loren the Amazon Princess">
Loren the Amazon Princess

Loren The Amazon Princess is a Fantasy RPG visual novel by Winter Wolves. The game was released on April 30, 2012. The game works for the Linux, Mac OS, and Microsoft Windows platforms. The expansion "The Castle Of N'mar" was released on September 28, 2012.
Gameplay.
The game offers a mix of classic visual novel gameplay, with RPG elements. The player reads through the story and occasionally has to fight against fantasy monsters. At the beginning the player can choose between a male human protagonist and a female elven protagonist. Furthermore, it offers a variety of romance options with the party members, including homosexual relationships, and has different endings, based on the choices of the player and the relationships.
Battles can take place between the player's party and a party of enemies, with a maximum of six characters on each side. Each party consists of a front row, that is typically occupied by warrior type characters and can be attacked by anyone, and a back row, which typically holds weaker ranged and magical characters, that melee characters can only attack if the front row is unoccupied, in which case all on the back row will be forced to the front. Characters are able to swap places with others, or can move into unoccupied spaces on their turn, and warriors can gain the ability to force a character to swap with the one behind them.
Characters take it in turns to attack, with their speed, as well as the moves they use, determining how long they must wait. When a character's turn comes up, they have the choice of either attacking an enemy with their equipped weapon or abilities, using an ability to support the party, using an item for either healing or offense, or switching places. Should everyone in the player's party be killed, the player can reload a previous save. The player does not have the option of fleeing a battle, but should they win, the health and MP of all characters will be completely refilled, except at certain points of the story. As the player gains more followers, exceeding the maximum number of people they can have in a battle, they can reorganise the battle group outside of battles.
Characters are divided into three classes, the first two of which can be selected for the player character: Warriors, who possess powerful melee moves and can wear heavy armor, but are largely limited to attacking enemies in the front row, Thieves, who can wield bows to shoot at any enemy, and have skillsets focused on taking advantage of enemies being put into weakened states, and Mages, who have access to magic attacks that can hit multiple enemies wherever they are, but have less endurance than the other classes. In addition, each character has a specialization giving them a further variety of abilities, e.g. both Loren and Amukiki are warriors, however Loren's specialization gives her abilities based around dual-wielding weapons, while Amukiki's gives him ones that focus on supporting the player's party. Whatever class the player character has, their specialization will always focus on healing abilities.
Plot.
The game begins with Loren, the princess of the Amazons, who has to find her mother, Karen, the queen of the Amazons, who has gone missing. She starts her journey with the protagonist, a slave of the Amazons with healing magic. Since Amazon law forbids a princess from leaving their home, the Citadel, Loren is forced to renounce her princesshood, and with it her access to the Amazons assets.
On their journey they are joined by a variety of companions, including the dwarves Ramas and Dora, the half-elf Draco, the Elder Druid Myrth and the elf assassin Rei. Ultimately they find Karen, discovering that she had attempted to run away with her slave, who she had fallen in love with, and was killed by lizardmen. While on the journey, Loren takes possession of the Hawk Blade, a sword that Myrth explains is a weapon granted by the Gods, and that for Loren to have it means that she will have a huge impact on the world.
Grob, a servant of the Death Knight Fost, tricks the Human Empire and the Elves of GrandTree into going to war with one another, supposedly to keep them distracted from his plans. Archwizard Apolimesho and Myrth, representing the humans and elves respectively, discover the treachery and ask Loren and her comrades to end the war. They proceed to find proof that Fost has returned and that the demons of Everburn are a more important threat than either side in the war, and an alliance is agreed on between the two races and the Amazons.
After disagreements between the elves and humans threaten to fracture the alliance, it is decided that Loren should be in command of the combined forces. To convince the elven and human leaders of this, the party kill Krul, a nomad who has been harassing the human city of Horus with his orc army, as well as the succubus Jul, a servant of Fost who has bewitched the dark elves. Upon returning to the Citadel, they discover the Amazons have been afflicted with a magical plague, forcing them to work with the dark witch Chambara to develop a cure.
Once this is concluded, the party learn that both sides have been forced to give control of their armies to Loren.
The alliance invades Everburn, forcing their way to Fost's castle. During the invasion, Loren, Karen and the protagonist learn from Apolimesho that in order to destroy Fost for good, one of them must sacrifice themselves to do so. As the party storms the castle, a ceiling collapses, sending the party into the Under-Realm, a plane of existence between the mortal world and the afterlife. The protagonist makes their way through the Under-Realm, before encountering Fost, and facing him along with Loren, Karen and whatever members of their party they had managed to recover. After defeating Fost, the protagonist must choose whether to stop Loren or Karen from sacrificing themselves, or to do so themself.
Whatever choice is made, an epilogue shows the fates of all the party members and those who helped them. If the protagonist did not sacrifice themself, they are revealed to be the writer of the story mentioned at the start of the game, whereas if they did, the writer is Loren.
Development.
The game was created with Ren'Py. It features a theme song by Cristina Vee, composed by Matthew Myers: "Until I'm Broken". The original idea and the storyboard was invented by Celso Riva, while the writing was done by Aleema. The art was done by Shiver M., Teodoro Gonzalez, Goran Kostadinoski, and Peter Petkov. Battle voice director was Ayu Sakata. An official trailer for the game was released on May 22, 2012.
Expansion, sequel and spin-off.
The expansion of the game "The Castle Of N'mar" was released on September 28, 2012. The expansion offers four new party members (Mesphit, Sauzer, Chambara, and Trouble), new romance options for Meshpit and Chambara, new locations, including the Castle of N'mar, and new story events.
A spin-off titled "Seasons of the Wolf" is in production and expected for a release in summer 2014. The game is set in the same universe as "Loren the Amazon Princess" and features new characters and locations. The story is centered around the siblings Althea and Shea who live in the northern regions of Aravorn. Furthermore, a direct sequel to "Loren the Amazon Princess" is in planning stages and expected for a release in 2015.
Reception.
The game received a score of 83/100 on "TechnologyTell", with reviewer Jenni Lada writing: "While I’ll admit I bristled a bit at the fan-service in Loren: Amazon Princess, even with the censor option turned on, it’s worth overlooking as the battle system is well arranged and challenging and the overall story of a young man or woman rising from slavery to become second in command of an army that will help save the world is very well done. I especially liked how the decisions, mostly those made in the fourth chapter, did influence the ending and epilogue. While it may be a bit expensive and is definitely only for mature audiences, it’s well made, tells an interesting tale and I could honestly see playing through it a second time to see what effect different choices would have on the story."
"Capsule computers review" gave 8.5 of 10 points to the game and wrote: "Loren: The Amazon Princess is a solidly built game and it has a lot of different options and choices for players to work through. The game totes how a player can’t do it all in one playthrough and even the romance aside, it can’t be. Featuring a heck of a lot of replay value, this game provides plenty of hours of enjoyment and what is actually about two novels of game text."
"Ratings Per Game" called the game "the closest thing to perfect game." Criticizing the amount of fanservice, minor technical issues with the mac versions, and the solid but standard combat system as being the only real faults. She instead praised and credited the stories depth and the amount of replay value the game had. Commenting on the little touches as well 

</doc>
<doc id="36777037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777037" title="1973–74 Southern Football League">
1973–74 Southern Football League

The 1973–74 season was the 71st in the history of the Southern League.
Premier Division.
The Premier Division featured four new teams:
League table.
Football League elections.
Alongside the four League clubs facing re-election, a total of seven non-League clubs applied for election, six of which were Southern League clubs. All the League clubs were re-elected.
Division One North.
Division One featured four new teams:
Division One South.
Division One South featured three new teams:

</doc>
<doc id="36777048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777048" title="Nazareth, Kentucky">
Nazareth, Kentucky

Nazareth is an unincorporated community and a historic site in Nelson County, Kentucky, United States, located about three miles north of Bardstown. The zipcode is: 40048.
History.
In 1822, Nazareth became the new home of the Sisters of Charity of Nazareth, founded in 1812, whose motherhouse is still there. It was the location of their school, Nazareth Academy, later known as Nazareth College, which the Sisters operated there until 1971. The founder of the Sisters, the Right Reverend John Baptist David, S.S., died there in 1841 and is buried in the convent cemetery.
A post office operated briefly in Nazareth in 1863, which reopened in 1888 and is still in operation. The district was also a station on the Louisville and Bardstown Railroad, now the Louisville and Nashville Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="36777067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777067" title="The Company Theatre">
The Company Theatre

The Company Theatre is a Toronto-based independent theatre company.
History.
It was founded by actors Allan Hawco and Philip Riccio in 2004.
List of productions.
In the fall of 2010, The Company Theatre was invited into a three-year Berkeley Street Partnership with Canadian Stage. Their first production in this partnership was "The Test" by Lukas Barfuss in 2011 followed by "Speaking In Tongues" in the fall of 2012. Their third and final production in this partnership will be "Belleville" by Amy Herzog, scheduled to take the stage in April 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36777077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777077" title="Aortic sac">
Aortic sac

The aortic bulb or aortic sac is a dilated structure in mammalian embryos, lined by endothelial cells located just above (distal to) the truncus arteriosus. It is the primordial vascular channel from which the aortic arches arise (and eventually the dorsal aortae) and is homologous to the ventral aorta of gill-bearing vertebrates.
Genes "dHAND" and "eHAND" are expressed during the development of the aortic bulb and the arteries which arise from it. The protein encoded by these genes belong to the basic helix-loop-helix family of transcription factors.

</doc>
<doc id="36777098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777098" title="Baba Kadam">
Baba Kadam

Veersen Aanandrao alias Baba Kadam was a Marathi novelist famous for his detective novels. During his career his wrote over 50 novels, most notably, "Bhalu", "Panch", and "Najuk Bote".
Personal life.
Early life.
Born in Kolhapur he did his schooling from Vidyapeeth High School, Kolhapur and after graduation from the Chhatrapati Rajaram College he studied Law.
Professional Life.
As a law graduate he worked as a police prosecutor. While working as a police prosecutor he experienced number of human incidents related to humorous side, which he penned down his experiences in the court and he became popular as a novelist. His work also gave him an depth knowledge of different police laws such as the IPC and the CrPC.

</doc>
<doc id="36777099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777099" title="SideWalk Cafe">
SideWalk Cafe

The SideWalk Cafe is a music venue and restaurant/cafe in New York City founded in 1985. It has become a known venue for its underground music scene, and in particular, is known as being the center for Anti-folk in the United States. It offers an eclectic mix of local and national acts ranging from DIY, avant garde music, indie rock, and jazz to pop music and electronic music. The venue also plays host to poetry readings, comedy and live-band karaoke. The New York Times referred to the SideWalk Cafe and its music scene as a "gift to the neighborhood".
A number of well-known acts performed at the Sidewalk at the beginning of their career including Regina Spektor, Hamell on Trial, Lach, The Moldy Peaches and Steve Espinola. The Sidewalk Cafe is also home to an open mic night that is one of the oldest and largest traditional open mics in the city, garnering the name "the king of NYC open-mic nights." The open mic was originally founded by Lach but is currently being run by Ben Krieger. It also hosts the bi-annual New York Antifolk Festival, which features the largest gathering of anti-folk musicians in the nation.
The Sidewalk Cafe is also associated with a number of indie labels including Kale Records, Olive Juice Music (started by Major Matt Mason USA, though now defunct) and Weemayk Music.
Artists that perform regularly at the Sidewalk Cafe include: Elastic No-No Band, Dots Will Echo and Schwervon!.

</doc>
<doc id="36777102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777102" title="Overhanging Cliff">
Overhanging Cliff

Overhanging Cliff is a cliff of vertical basalt that overhangs the Grand Loop Road just north of Tower Fall on the north rim of the Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone in Yellowstone National Park. The point was most likely named by a member of the Cook–Folsom–Peterson Expedition, David Folsum in 1869.

</doc>
<doc id="36777106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777106" title="Kill My Boyfriend (Natalia Kills song)">
Kill My Boyfriend (Natalia Kills song)

"Kill My Boyfriend" is a song by English recording artist Natalia Kills, released as the third and final single from her debut album, "Perfectionist" (2011). The music video was released on 10 January 2012. The song was produced by french DJ Junior Caldera, who co-wrote the song alongside Kills and Julien Carret.
Background.
In an interview with the magazine "Time Out Dubai", Kills explains that "Kill My Boyfriend" is about a boy she dated as a teenager, adding that the song is autobiographical. She also reports that the man concerned knows that the song tells his story. About the metaphor of the title of the track, she admits that there were many moments where she could have killed him, saying :
I had this who didn’t realize what a good thing he had with me, he was a lucky boy and he [messed up. There were lots of moments when I could have killed him and it would have made sense. If I had been sent to court the jury would have had lots of empathy for me. He had bad -ism down to a perfected art form.
Critical reception.
Poponandon gave a positive review saying: “Kill My Boyfriend” is EXACTLY what you would expect it to be, Natalia isn’t shy or subtle to any degree on this one (or on anything else for that matter). The track that hides nothing just may be one of Natalia Kills’ best songs to date though. “Kill My Boyfriend” plays out like a 60′s POP throwback with the story line of a horror movie, terrifyingly perfect.
Chart performance.
"Kill My Boyfriend" achieved little success in the charts, however it did manage to chart at number 20 in Belgium on its Ultratop chart.
Music video.
In the video for "Kill My Boyfriend", Kills and French-American director Guillame Doubet visualize the concepts of contradiction, obsession and perfect imperfection that dominate the song. Like an obedient yet determined Stepford wife, Natalia pours herself fresh cups of milk in her spotless '50s styled kitchen while quietly plotting a way out of her silent misery, marrying style with substance in that is fueled by her ongoing fascination with imperfect perfection. That theme continues to drive her music and aesthetic, neatly emphasizing that there's way more to Natalia Kills than a hooky pop tune. And staying true to form, Kills explores the underlying imperfections of a seemingly perfect relationship in this fantastic new video.
Beginning with shots of a retro styled home, decked in furniture and a cuckoo clock with a cat. Shots of a tv with Natalia Kills in various situations are intertwined with Natalia, with two doubles, mull over getting out of her current relationship. She eventually drowns her boyfriend in a tub of milk.

</doc>
<doc id="36777110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777110" title="Shattering (agriculture)">
Shattering (agriculture)

In the history of crop domestication, several important advances have involved a mutation in a crop plant that reduced shattering — instead of the seeds being dispersed as soon as they were ripe, the mutant plants retained the seeds for longer, which made harvesting much more effective. 
A particularly important mutation that was selected very early in the history of agriculture removed the "brittle rachis" problem from wheat. A ripe head ("ear") of wild-type wheat is easily shattered into dispersal units when touched, or blown by the wind, because during ripening a series of layers forms that divides the rachis into short segments, each attached to a single spikelet (which contains 2–3 grains along with chaff).
A different class of shattering mechanisms involves dehiscence of the mature fruit, which releases the seeds.
Current research priorities to understand the genetics of shattering include the following crops:

</doc>
<doc id="36777120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777120" title="Icelanders of Polish descent">
Icelanders of Polish descent

There are estimated to be 9,371 Polish people living in Iceland. That makes them the biggest minority ethnic group in Iceland, being around 3% of the total population, including second generation immigrants.

</doc>
<doc id="36777122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777122" title="Denholm Group">
Denholm Group

Denholm Group is a British maritime company based in Glasgow, United Kingdom. It was founded by John Denholm of Greenock in 1866 and today has an annual turnover of over £250 million. It employs over 3,000 people around the world.
Marine Services.
Marine Services is a joint venture between Denholm Group and Serco Group to provide to support the United Kingdoms Naval Service. Marine Services is responsible for fleet support at the three main UK naval bases, HMNB Portsmouth, HMNB Devonport and HMNB Clyde.

</doc>
<doc id="36777135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777135" title="Davia Temin">
Davia Temin

Davia B. Temin is a writer, speaker, and management consultant based in New York. She is president and CEO of Temin and Company Incorporated, an international reputation and crisis management, strategic marketing and media, and executive coaching firm. She is also the author of the “Reputation Matters” column of "Forbes".com, and pieces for "Huffington Post" and "American Banker".
Biography.
Prior to founding Temin and Company in 1997, Temin ran marketing, strategy, external affairs and crisis management for: General Electric Capital; Schroders in the US; Wertheim Schroder; Scudder, Stevens and Clark; Citicorp Investment Bank; and Columbia Business School, where she founded their magazine, "Hermes". She also served on the executive staff of the Governor of Massachusetts.
Temin is the first vice chair of the board of the Girl Scouts of the United States of America and chair of its Fund Development Committee. She spearheaded the largest campaign for girls in history when she announced their $1 Billion Campaign for Girls, for the Girl Scouts’ 100th Anniversary. She is also the chair of the board of Video Volunteers, the India-based nonprofit that trains community investigative reporters to videotape the stories and injustices that surround them, and then show those videos on television, the Internet and in their town squares, in order to promote social justice.
A native of Cleveland, Ohio, Temin is an honors graduate of Swarthmore College, where she is a member of the board of managers and has served as chair of the College’s Long Range Planning Committee on Visibility and Leadership in Higher Education. She attended Columbia University for her graduate degree. She was a founding board member of The White House Project, and currently serves as a trustee or advisory board member of the Committee for Economic Development, ProPublica, Harvard Kennedy School Women’s Leadership Board, and Columbia Journalism School’s Knight-Bagehot Fellowship in Business and Journalism. She is also an advisory board member and Thought Leadership Commissioner of WomenCorporateDirectors. 
Awards/Honors.
Temin was chosen as a delegate of the U.S. State Department to the Global Entrepreneurship Program to Greece in April of 2014. In 2013 and 2014, Temin was named to the “Top 100 Thought Leaders in Trustworthy Business Behavior” by Trust Across America – for “an extensive and positive contribution to building trust in business.” In 2012 she was named one of “30 Outstanding Women” helping girls and women around the world by the National Council of Research on Women. She has also been honored by the Girl Scouts of New York as their “Woman of Distinction.”
Personal life.
Temin is married to Walter Kicinski, a former municipal banker and former chief financial and administrative officer of the New York State Power Authority. She is featured in several books, including "Wall Street Women" by Anne Fisher (Alfred A. Knopf, 1990), "A Woman’s Guide to Successful Negotiating: How to Convince, Collaborate, & Create Your Way to Agreement" by Lee E. Miller and Jessica Miller (McGraw-Hill, 2002), "The Board Game: How Smart Women Become Corporate Directors" by Betsy Berkhemer-Credaire (Angel City Press, 2013) and "Stiletto Network" by Pamela Ryckman (AMACOM, 2013). Temin has also written “Rebuilding Trust in the Financial Markets,” a chapter in "Trust, Inc." by Barbara Brooks Kimmel (Next Decade, 2013) and is currently writing a book on crisis management.

</doc>
<doc id="36777141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777141" title="HMS Aboukir (1848)">
HMS Aboukir (1848)

HMS "Aboukir" was a 90-gun second-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched in 1848. She was refitted with screw propulsion in 1858 and was sold in 1877. A monument on Southsea seafront commemorates an outbreak of Yellow Fever between 1873 and 1874.

</doc>
<doc id="36777174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777174" title="Muswell Hillbilly">
Muswell Hillbilly

"Muswell Hillbilly" is a track recorded by British rock band The Kinks. It served as the title track to their 1971 album, "Muswell Hillbillies".
Lyrics and Music.
The lyrics of the track "Muswell Hillbilly" see the singer being forced from his London home and into Muswell Hill, a sterilized suburban community. He says his farewells to his friends, including Rosie Rooke, who "wore her Sunday hat so she'd impress singer." The singer says that "they're gonna try and make change [his way of living, but they'll never make something that [he's not," likely referring to the government. He goes on to say, "I'm a Muswell Hillbilly boy, but my heart lies in old West Virginia. Never seen New Orleans, Oklahoma, Tennessee, I still I dream of the Black Hills that I ain't never seen." He explains that "they're putting us in little boxes,
No character, just uniformity. They're trying to build a computerised community," but vows that "they'll never make a zombie out of me."
The song, like most of the "Muswell Hillbillies" album, has a country rock flavor. It also has an antiquated style, mostly attributed to the fact that the entire album was recorded with ten year old equipment. Ray Davies handles the lead vocal.
Release and Reception.
Prior to its release, Kinks member Ray Davies intended for the track to be the opening track of a possible film adaptation of the album. However, RCA refused to finance this project, and it was scrapped.
"Muswell Hillbilly" was first released on the "Muswell Hillbillies" album in 1971, where it was the twelfth and final track. The following year, "Muswell Hillbilly" was released as a single in Japan, backed with "Oklahoma U.S.A.". It has since appeared multiple times on other albums, including "Picture Book". It also appeared in live format on "Everybody's in Show-Biz" (the follow-up to "Muswell Hillbillies") and "To the Bone".
"Muswell Hillbilly" has generally received positive reviews. Thomas Kitts wrote in his book, "Ray Davies: Not Like Everybody Else", that "'Muswell Hillbilly' brings together "Muswell Hillbillies" album's various musical and thematic motifs." "AllMusic"'s Stephen Thomas Erlewine cited the track as a highlight from the "Muswell Hillbillies" album. However, in a more critical analysis of the song, Mike Saunders of "Rolling Stone" said, "The country stuff "Muswell Hillbillies" is another matter. A portion of it is fine, but some of the songs are so positively uninspired and unenergetic it drives me up the wall. Such as things like the Kinks nasally whining 'I'm a Muswell hillbilly boy, But my heart lies in old West Virginia.'"

</doc>
<doc id="36777190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777190" title="Hugh Cowan">
Hugh Cowan

Rev. Hugh F. Cowan (May 20, 1867 – April 19, 1943) was a Presbyterian Church of Canada and later United Church of Canada minister, author, editor and historian.
Background.
Hugh F. Cowan was born on May 20, 1867 in Bentinck, Ontario, Canada to John Cowan and Mary McLean both of whom were born in Scotland.
In 1893, he finished his Bachelor of Arts degree in Manitoba College. He pursued his Master of Arts at Knox College, Toronto in 1896. He later pursued his Bachelor of Divinity degree at Kingston, Ontario's Queen's Theological College and graduated in 1905.
During Cowan's first ministry at Rutherford Presbyterian Church in Dawn-Euphemia, he met Jean Eloise Wood. They were married on October 31, 1899 in London, Ontario.
Hugh Cowan and Jean Eloise Wood had three daughters and six sons.
Career.
Church ministry.
Cowan was ordained by the Chatham Presbytery of the Presbyterian Church of Canada in August 17, 1897.
Cowan served as a pastor in Oakdale United Church (formerly known as Oakdale Presbyterian Church), and Rutherford Presbyterian Church in Lambton County from 1897 to 1900, in St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church in North Easthope and Shakespeare Presbyterian Church in Shakespeare, Perth County, Ontario from 1900 to 1905, a minister in charge of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church in Harwhich Township, Kent County, Ontario, Bethel Presbyterian Church, and The Ridge Presbyterian Church from 1905 to 1913, in Haynes Ave. Church in St. Catharines from 1914 to 1916, Chalmer's Presbyterian Church in Toronto from 1919 to 1921, and in High Park Presbyterian Church in 1922.
From 1925 to 1937, in various congregations of the United Church of Canada, he served as a minister at Bethel United Church near Chatham, Ontario, as a pastor at MacLennan, Desbarats and Port Rock near Sault Ste. Marie, and Sault Suburban Church area charge in Sault Ste. Marie.
Cowan retired in 1937.
Other.
He authored numerous books during his time. One was "Canadian Achievement in the Province of Ontario", where he wrote about the achievements of the Canadian people in Detroit River District, Essex county, Windsor, and the whole province of Ontario. The book was recently republished on April 9, 2012 as "Ontario and the Detroit Frontier 1701–1814". Another book on Chatham, Ontario including Kent County and Lambton County includes information on the Underground Railway as well as the early history of the communities in the area. The book was created as part of the Canadian Achievement in the Province of Ontario but currently only exists in a galley and proof in The Chatham Public Library.
Another of his histories was "Gold and Silver Jubilee, Sault Ste. Marie, Canada, incorporated a town, 1887, a city, 1912" detailing the history of Sault Ste. Marie, that includes illustration of its port and map of the city. Mer Douce was an historical magazine later published in book form, that includes articles of history and life in the Georgian Bay, Manitoulin Island, Parry Sound and other communities of Ontario. It is considered an important historical reference in the region.
He also wrote a fictional book entitled "La Cloche. The Story of Hector MacLeod and His Misadventures in the Georgian Bay and the La Cloche Districts" is an adventure tale of a United Loyal Empire Loyalist set in Georgian Bay, Ontario of what was then Upper Canada. The book was recently republished on April 3, 2014 under the title "The Misadventures of Hector MacLeod: In the Georgian Bay and the La Cloche Districts".
Cowan also served as the managing editor of Algonquin Historical Society of Canada.
Hugh Cowan also published a book reflecting the progress of Christianity over his years of ministry and some of the major questions he encountered. It was published in 1937 and was entitled "The Great Drama of Human Life". The book was recently republished on January 30, 2014 under its original title.
Death.
Cowan died at the General and Marine Hospital in Owen Sound, Ontario on April 19, 1943 at the age of 73.

</doc>
<doc id="36777193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777193" title="The Amazing Race Philippines 1">
The Amazing Race Philippines 1

The first season of The Amazing Race Philippines features eleven teams of two, each with a pre-existing relationship, in a race around the Philippines. The show is hosted by Derek Ramsay.
The show premiered on October 29, 2012. It aired every Mondays to Fridays at 9:00 PM (PST) and Saturdays at 8:30 PM (PST) on TV5; Also, a special marathon episode of every 6 weekly episodes aired on Sundays at 9:30 PM (PST). The winner of the race wins ₱2 million.
Celebrity best friends LJ Moreno & CJ Jaravata were the winners of the first season of "The Amazing Race Philippines".
Production.
Development and filming.
It was in late 2011 when TV5 had announced that it has acquired the rights to air a local version of the reality show in the Philippines. Filming took place in June of the following year. TV5 had commissioned the Australian production company, activeTV to produce the show.
To promote the show, a mini race for the press was held on October 18, 2012 in Eastwood City. Press members were paired with a team from the race and completed different tasks together. Teams had also appeared on various TV5 shows. Teams were interviewed on talk shows like "Ang Latest" and "Good Morning Club", appeared on game shows like "Million Peso Money Drop", "Wiltime Bigtime" among others.
The show also featured theater actor and director Audie Gemora as a judge in the Bingo task of Leg 1, and game show host Arnell Ignacio in the same Leg, as the quizmaster of the "Ikot" detour choice.
Casting.
Auditions were held from March 5, 2012 to April 27, 2012 (extended from April 2, 2012). Applicants must be at least 21 years old, a Filipino citizen or a permanent resident of the Philippines. Auditions were done via three methods: online, mail-in, and on-ground at TV5 Broadway Studio in Quezon City and at other various locations.
In October 19, 2012, the contestants were revealed. The cast includes celebrity best friends CJ Jaravata and LJ Moreno, beauty queen Danielle "Dani" Castaño and football player brothers Armand and Anton del Rosario.
After the show, teams appeared on some of the network's TV shows. Pamela & Vanessa later appeared on their own reality show titled after their moniker on the race, "The Alabang Housewives". Dani & Mish also guested on some episodes of "Pinoy Explorer".
Broadcasting.
Unlike its international counterparts, the show is broadcast as a weekday program airing 30 minutes per episode in 6 times a week, Monday through Saturday, compared to other versions of the show which airs 1 to 2 episodes per week. Also, a special marathon episode of the daily episodes per week airs on Sundays.
On December 10, 2012, the show was preempted in order to give way for TV5's telethon to support the victims of typhoon Bopha (local name: "Pablo").
Results.
Voting history.
Similar to the second season of Israel's version of the race, "HaMerotz LaMillion", teams on the fifth and sixth Legs voted for who should receive the Yield and U-Turn. The team who has the most Yield votes must stop racing for a predetermined amount of time before continuing with the race; while the team who has the most U-Turn votes must complete both tasks of the Detour.
Prizes.
The prize for each Leg is awarded to the first place team for that Leg. The cash prizes for Legs 1 to 10 are sponsored by American Tourister, the cash prize in Leg 11 was sponsored by Smart Communications, and the prize for Leg 12 was a one year supply of fuel with Techron and was sponsored by Caltex; while the grand prize for the race was sponsored by Brother Industries Philippines. The prize on each leg before the final leg was , with the grand prize on the final leg being . Additional prizes were awarded as follows:
Race summary.
Leg 1 (Metro Manila).
Air dates: October 29 – November 2, 2012
In the first Roadblock of the race, one team member had to throw five basketballs from the free throw line into a hoop in order to receive their next clue. This Leg's Detour was a choice between "Pindot" (Press) or "Ikot" (Spin). In "Pindot", teams needed to find and take a picture of a route marker flag (located in another ride called the "Wild River") using a camera while riding an inverted roller coaster called the "Star Flyer"; in "Ikot", teams needed to solve three mathematical questions while riding a pendulum ride called the "Star Frisbee". If they had successfully answered all three questions, the quizmaster would give them their next clue. If teams failed to answer one question correctly, they would have to repeat the ride again.
Leg 2 (Metro Manila → Ilocos Sur).
Air dates: November 3 & 5 – 6, 2012
This Leg's Detour was a choice between "Gawa" (Work) and "Nguya" (Chew). In "Gawa", teams had to make two dozen Vigan longanizas to the standards of the assigned longaniza vendor in order to receive their next clue. In "Nguya", teams had to eat a plate of 70 longanizas in order to receive their next clue. In this Leg's Roadblock, one team member had to ride a kayak and paddle through the river to reach his partner rappelling down the bridge. Once the team was reunited, the paddler must then reach the river banks to receive their next clue.
Leg 3 (Ilocos Sur → Mountain Province).
Air dates: November 7 – 9, 2012
In this Leg's Detour, teams had to choose between "Magkarga" (Carry) or "Magsaka" (Plow). In "Magkarga", teams had to gather 20 chickens at Kimakims Chicken Farm and transport these chickens to the Bontoc Public Market. In, "Magsaka", teams had to plow a rice field, with the aid of a water buffalo, to find their next clue within the mud. In this Leg's Roadblock, one team member had to dance a traditional Bontoc dance with a jar placed atop their head. For 90 seconds, the jar must not fall or be touched while dancing. If the jar fell, the team member would have to wait for their turn again.
Leg 4 (Mountain Province → Benguet).
Air dates: November 10 & 12 – 13, 2012
In this Leg's Roadblock, the chosen team member needed to go into a mine and search for a key in the holes of the mine shaft to open a chest with a gold bullion. The gold bullion needed to be brought outside the mine and be given to a gold miner in order to receive their next clue. In this Leg's Detour, teams must choose between "Sell 10" or "Buy 10". In "Sell 10", teams needed to sell 10 broomsticks for 60 pesos each in order to receive their next clue; while in "Buy 10", teams must buy 10 listed items in a photo album within the allocated budget.
Leg 5 (Benguet → Zambales).
Air dates: November 14 – 16, 2012
In this Leg's Roadblock, one team member had to solve a puzzle, by arranging six Philippine Presidents in order (Presidents Ferdinand Marcos to Benigno Aquino III), found in a computer tablet within a 15-second time limit while his partner is hanging on a harness above the ground. If the puzzle was correctly answered, the one hanging will be slowly lowered to the ground. If they fail to solve the puzzle, the one hanging will free fall and they would have to repeat the task.
Leg 6 (Zambales → Pampanga → Tarlac).
Air dates: November 17 & 19, 2012
In this Leg's Roadblock, one team member had to ride an ultralight aircraft and hit a big target on the ground using a flour bomb. Teams had to get a total of at least 5 points in order to receive their next clue. In this Leg's Detour, teams had to choose between "Tamaan" (Hit) or "Iwasan" (Evade). In "Tamaan", teams had to hit a certain point of the target by using a pistol and a rifle. When they hit the right spot, they would receive their next clue. In "Iwasan", teams had to go through an obstacle course while evading paintball shooters to retrieve their next clue in the bags hung at the other end of the course.
Leg 7 (Pampanga → Albay).
Air dates: November 20 – 22, 2012
In this leg's Detour, teams had to choose between "Jig" or "Pig". In "Jig", teams would have to don costumes and perform a traditional Ibalong dance to the satisfaction of two judges. In "Pig", teams would have to cover each other in mud and powder and enter a muddy pen to catch four pigs. Once each team member caught two pigs and put them in another pen, a farmer would give them their next clue. In this leg's Roadblock, teams have to pick one luggage among those that they had brought with them at the start of the Leg. They would then ride an all-terrain vehicle to deliver that one luggage to a local chieftain who would open it for them. If they pick the luggage without the clue, they would have to go back to their partners and choose another luggage until they find the one with their next clue.
Leg 8 (Albay).
Air dates: November 23 – 24 & 26, 2012
In this leg's Detour, teams had to choose between "Crab" or "Coconut". In "Crab", teams had to find a basket filled with crabs in a muddy swamp and deliver it to a nearby fisherman, who would give them their next clue. In "Coconut", teams had to scrape out meat from 2 and a half coconuts manually. Then, teams had to produce coconut milk from the meat and fill a container by half (350 ml). When they have filled the container, they would receive their next clue. In this leg's Roadblock, teams needed to go to the lobby of the Misibis Bay Resort and Casino and get four cocktail drinks. Using one hand, the team member had to carry these drinks on a tray while searching for the correct room (while using an electronic key to open the doors) containing their next clue, If they drop the drinks, they would have to go back to the lobby and get a new set.
Leg 9 (Albay → Cebu).
Airdate: November 27 – 30, 2012
In this Leg's Detour, teams had to choose between "Saang" (Shellfish) or "Uling" (Charcoal). In "Saang", teams had to open and skewer shellfishes. And using a "Kariton", they must sell 35 shellfishes for not less than 15 pesos per stick, for a total of 525 pesos. In "Uling", teams had to find a marked stall outside the Tabo-an Market and repack 2 sacks of charcoal into 50 plastic bags according to the criteria of a judge, after which teams will be given their next clue. In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to rock climb, and then, climb a ladder to the top most portion of the tower to retrieve their next clue.
Leg 10 (Cebu → Aklan).
Airdate: December 1 & 3, 2012
In the only Fast Forward of the race, a team had to proceed to R.P. Barber where both team members had to have their heads shaven. Once done, they would then receive a clue that would point them to the location of the Pit Stop. In this Leg's Detour teams had to choose between "Lulubog" (To Sink) and "Lilitaw" (To Float). In "Lulubog", teams had to dive using marine walk helmets and remove two tubes in a rope path without untying them from a board maze. In "Lilitaw", teams had to ride a double outrigger canoe sail boat called Paraw and one team member must sail the boat to 3 orange buoys where in each buoy, the other team member had to get one coconut. In this leg's Roadblock, one team member should dig at a marked area at the shore of the Puka Shell Beach and should dig deep enough to reveal their buried clue.
Leg 11 (Aklan → Metro Manila → Palawan).
Airdate: December 4 – 8, 2012
In this leg's Roadblock, one team member must ride an long zip line and will need to memorize the pattern of 4 sets of different colors ("Red, Blue, Yellow"; "Green, Red, Yellow"; "Yellow, Blue, Red"; "Blue, Yellow, Green") located in 4 boats. Once ashore, that team member must reconstruct it using colored rectangular boards in order to receive their next clue. In this Leg's Detour, teams had to choose between "Swing" and "Stroke". In "Swing", teams must proceed to an elementary school and find a marching band. They would then follow and learn a 5 step baton swirling routine in order to receive their next clue. The first team to finish this task will donate ₱100,000 worth of printers to the school courtesy of Brother Industries Philippines. In "Stroke", teams must proceed to a nearby shore and find a boat they would work on. Teams must refurbish the boat by painting and fixing dents on it to receive their next clue.
Leg 12 (Palawan).
Airdate: December 8 & 11 – 13, 2012
In this Leg's Detour, teams had to choose between "Count" and "Carry". In "Count", teams had to find marked fish stalls and count the number of fishes inside a container given to them, amidst the noisiness of the market vendors and their surroundings. When they get the correct number (926), the fish vendor will hand them their next clue. In "Carry", teams had to find marked stalls where they will get 3 eels, a tray of eggs, and 2 blocks of ice which they needed to deliver to JA Seafoods Restaurant. When they had delivered the items in good condition, the restaurant owner would give them their next clue. In this Leg's Roadblock, one team member have to look among hundreds of bottles scattered around the shore for the bottle containing the message with their next destination written on it.
Leg 13 (Palawan → Davao del Sur → Davao del Norte).
Airdate: December 14 – 15, 2012
In the first Roadblock, a team member must arrange chronologically 12 numbered flags, which represents the 12 legs of the race, by placing them beside each of the 12 wood statues that have engravings of the regions of the Philippines. In the second Roadblock of the last leg of the race, a team member had to ride a motorcycle and finish 20 laps in a motorcross course in order to receive their clue.
Television ratings.
Television ratings for the first season of "The Amazing Race Philippines" on TV5 are based from two firms, AGB Nielsen and Kantar Media - TNS. AGB Nielsen mostly covers Mega Manila, while Kantar Media - TNS covers mostly the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="36777194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777194" title="Kimber Gabryszak">
Kimber Gabryszak

Kimber Gabryszak (born September 2, 1980) is an American skeleton racer who has competed since 2005. Her best Skeleton World Cup finish was 7th in St Moritz, Switzerland, January, 2012. Her best World Championship finish was 16th at the Königssee, Germany 2011 FIBT World Championships. Kimber was 3rd at US National Championships.
A native of Alaska, Gabryszak currently resides in Park City, Utah.

</doc>
<doc id="36777199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777199" title="Iftikhār al-Tujjar">
Iftikhār al-Tujjar

Iffat al-Zamān Amīn (1912 - 1977), also known as Iftikhār al-Tujjar, was a student and niece of Banu Amin, Iran's most prominent female religious scholar of the 20th century.
Iffat al-Zamān Amīn received an ijazah of riwāya in Najaf from Ayatollah Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi, who served as the Head of Judiciary of the Islamic Republic of Iran 1999-2009. 
Among her works is "chehel hadith-e amin" (forty hadith of Amin), also known as "hashtsad
wa bist mou'ezeh".
Iffat al-Zamān Amīn's father was Aḥmad Amīn, the brother of Nusrat Amin's husband and cousin, Haj Mirza, also known as Muīn al-Tujjar, (d. 1950s). She also had a great grand aunt who was a mujtaheda, Hāshimīyah al-Tujjar.

</doc>
<doc id="36777214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777214" title="German submarine U-327">
German submarine U-327

German submarine "U-327" was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She carried out three patrols, but did not sink any ships.
The boat was sunk in February 1945 by British warships in the English Channel.
Service history.
The submarine was laid down on 15 April 1943 by the Flender Werke yard at Lübeck as 'werk' 327, launched on 27 May 1944 and commissioned on 18 July under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Hans Lemcke.
She served with the 4th U-boat Flotilla for training, from 18 July 1944 to 31 January 1945 and the 11th flotilla for operations until her sinking on 27 February.
1st patrol.
"U-327" departed Kiel on 20 January 1945 and arrived in Horten in Norway (south of Oslo), on the 24th.
2nd patrol.
The boat left Horten on 28 January 1945. She arrived at Kristiansand the next day.
3rd patrol and loss.
"U-327" commenced her third patrol on 30 January 1945. On 27 February she was sunk by depth charges dropped by the British frigates and . With them in the western English Channel was the sloop .
Forty-six men died; there were no survivors.
Previously recorded fate.
The boat was reported missing after 31 January 1945 southwest of the British coast.

</doc>
<doc id="36777223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777223" title="Chris Rusin">
Chris Rusin

Christopher Patrick Rusin (born October 22, 1986) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Chicago Cubs of Major League Baseball. Prior to beginning his professional career, he played college baseball at the University of Kentucky.
College career.
Rusin, a graduate of Divine Child High School, enrolled at the University of Kentucky, where he played college baseball for the Kentucky Wildcats in the Southeastern Conference (SEC). As a junior in 2008, Rusin was named to the All-SEC first team after posting a 6-3 win-loss record and a 3.33 earned run average. The Oakland Athletics drafted Rusin in the 23rd round of the 2008 MLB Draft, but he opted to return to Kentucky for his senior season.
Professional career.
The Chicago Cubs selected Rusin in the fourth round, with the 140th selection of the 2009 MLB Draft, and Rusin signed.
Rusin started the 2010 season with the Daytona Cubs of the Class A-Advanced Florida State League, and was promoted to the Tennessee Smokies of the Class AA Southern League in August. 
After pitching for the Iowa Cubs of the Class AAA Pacific Coast League in 2012, he made his major league debut for the Cubs on August 21. He pitched in seven games in 2012, winning two and losing three. Rusin returned to the Iowa Cubs where he spent the 2013 season until July 2, when he was called up and started a game against the Oakland Athletics.
Rusin was among the last players cut from the major league team in spring training in 2014. Pitching for Iowa, Rusin threw a no-hitter on May 7.

</doc>
<doc id="36777235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777235" title="2013 FIVB Girls Youth World Championship">
2013 FIVB Girls Youth World Championship

The 2013 Girls Youth Volleyball World Championship was held in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand, from 26 July to 4 August, 2013. This was the first edition of the tournament that features 20 teams.
__TOC__
Venues.
Chatchai Hall and Liptapanlop Hall, Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand.
All-Star Team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36777239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777239" title="Cheilanthes acrostica">
Cheilanthes acrostica

Cheilanthes acrostica is a species of lip fern 
Description.
The fronds are arranged in groups.
Habitat.
C, acrostic is found in Mediterranean areas including Iberia. The season is from February to June. Its conservation status is of concern. It grows in limestone fissures, but it is also found in quartzites and sandstones and amongst other loose rocks . It is found at a height of 300 to 900 m
Basis.
This plant was first described in 1866.

</doc>
<doc id="36777241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777241" title="Shawn Stefani">
Shawn Stefani

Shawn Stefani (born December 2, 1981) is an American professional golfer, currently playing on the PGA Tour.
Born in Baytown, Texas, Stefani played college golf at Lamar University, graduating in 2005. He turned professional that year and played on mini-tours until 2012, when he joined the Web.com Tour and won twice. He got his first tour win at the Midwest Classic in August, and his second in October at the Miccosukee Championship. He finished sixth on the 2012 money list to earn his PGA Tour card for the 2013 season.
During the final round of the U.S. Open in 2013 at Merion, Stefani carded a hole-in-one on the 17th hole, the first ace ever recorded in 18 USGA championships held at Merion. His 4-iron tee shot bounced off the slope left of the green and rolled a considerable distance into the cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36777268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777268" title="Zīnah al-Sādāt Humāyūnī">
Zīnah al-Sādāt Humāyūnī

Zīnah al-Sādāt Humāyūnī, also Alavīyah Humāyūnī, or Homayuni, (born 1917) is a female religious scholar from Isfahan, Iran, who was the most prominent student of Iran's leading mujtaheda of the 20th century, Banu Amin.
When Banu Amin opened one of the country's first religious seminary for women in Iran in the 1960s, the Maktab-e Fatimah of Isfahan, Zīnah al-Sādāt Humāyūnī became its director and remained in that position until 1992. Apparently, the establishment of the maktab was first and foremost Humāyūnī's idea. She made key administrative decisions and devised the study program.
When Humāyūnī retired, Ḥajj Āqā Ḥasan Imāmi, a relative of Humāyūnī's, took over the directorship of the school.
Humāyūnī has translated two books from Arabic into Persian and is also the author of two books.

</doc>
<doc id="36777269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777269" title="Battle of Bensington">
Battle of Bensington

The Battle of Bensington was a major battle fought between Mercia, led by King Offa, and the West Saxons led by Cynewulf of Wessex. It ended with a victory for the Mercians, and the West Saxons recognizing Mercian overlordship.
Nearly nothing is known about the battle except that the Mercians defeated the West Saxons. After the battle, Cynewulf ruled his Kingdom for the next seven years until he was killed in 786, but the successor to his Kingdom, Beorhtric, accepted Offa as his overlord after he helped him gain the throne of Wessex and after Offa's death he mainly kept his word, only minting his own coinage. He died in 802 AD.

</doc>
<doc id="36777272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777272" title="List of cases of police brutality in Canada">
List of cases of police brutality in Canada

This is a list of notable cases of police brutality in Canada. 

</doc>
<doc id="36777274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777274" title="904th Military Airlift Group">
904th Military Airlift Group

The 904th Military Airlift Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 459th Military Airlift Wing, based at Stewart Air Force Base, New York. It was inactivated on 31 December 1969.
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population. 
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments. 
As a result, the 904th Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The 904th TCG was one of three C-119 groups assigned to the 514th TCW in 1963, the others being the 903d Troop Carrier Group at McGuire AFB, New Jersey and 905th Troop Carrier Group at Bradley Field, Connecticut.
Reassigned to Military Airlift Command, 1966, trained and re-quipped with C-124 Globemaster II intercontinental transports. Began flying worldwide airlift missions. Elevated to active-duty in January 1968 to provide additional airlift support for the Vietnam War. Returned to reserve status, June 1969. Inactivated with retirement of C-124 in December 1969 and inactivation of Stewart AFB.

</doc>
<doc id="36777280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777280" title="Hungarian alternative">
Hungarian alternative

Hungarian alternative is the alternative music scene of Hungary. It embraces many bands from different subgenres. The most notable Hungarian alternative rock bands include Európa Kiadó, Sexepil, C.A.F.B., Kispál és a Borz and Quimby. The most well-known Hungarian indie bands are Amber Smith, The Moog, EZ Basic. Hungarian dark rock bands include Nulladik Változat, Land of Charon and Garden of Eden. The most widely known alternative metal bands are The Idoru and Shell Beach.
History.
1990s.
Hungarian alternative band Kispál és a Borz emerged in the early 1990s. They became famous for their lead singer's (Anrdák Lovasi) lyrics and unique style of singing. 
Although Attila Grandpierre's Vágtázó Halottkém did not reach international success, in Hungary they gained popularity. They were known for mixing tribal rhythms with classic rock. 
In 1990 Pál Utcai Fiúk's first studio album was released entitled "Ha Jön Az Álom". Later the band became of the most well-known alternative rock band in Hungary. Their most widely known albums are "A Bál" (1991), "A Nagy Rohanás" (1992), "Szerelemharc" (1993), "Szajhák és Partizánok" (1994), "Ha Jön Az Élet" (2000), "Közönséges" (2004), and "Legelő" (2008).
In 1991 Kispál és a Borz's first studio album was released entitled "Naphoz Holddal". Later the band became the most successful alternative rock band in Hungary. Their most notable albums are "Föld Kaland Ilyesmi", "Ágy, Asztal, Tévé", "Sika, Kasza, Léc", "Ül", "Bálnák Ki A Partra". The band became noted for their singer András Lovasi's unique style of lyrics.
In 1993 Quimby's first record was released entitled "A Sip of Story". Later the band became one of the leading bands of the Hungarian alternative scene. Their most famous albums are "Jerrycan Dance" (1995), "Majom-tangó" (1996), "Diligramm" (1997), "Ékszerelmére" (1999), "Káosz Amigos" (2002), "Kilégzés" (2005), "Lármagyűjtögető" (2009), "Kicsi Ország" (2010) and "Instant Szeánsz" (2011). 
In 1992 Nulladik Változat released their first studio album with the eponymous title.
In 1995 Sexepil reached international markets with their song "Jerusalem" which was aired on Music Television's alternative program.
In 1996 Nulladik Változat released their second studio album entitled "Négy". The album contained the song "Hajnal" which brought success for the band in Hungarian underground scene.
In 1997 C.A.F.B.'s second studio album, Zanza, was released by Premier Art Records. The album included the hit single "Engedj Be". 
In 1998 Land of Charon released their first full-length studio album entitled Asztrálgép. The album included songs like "Az Önmegváltó", "Ishtar és Kthulu", "Álmok Romjai" and many more.
In 1998 Heaven Street Seven's first studio album was released entitled Hip-hop Mjúzik. Later the band released several other records both in Hungarian and in English but they became noted in Hungary as one of the leading bands of the Hungarian alternative music scene. Their most notable albums are "Hol Van Az A Krézi Srác?" (2000), "Sajnálom" (2000), "White lies in HiFi" (2000), "Mozdulj!" (2001), "Éjszaka" (2002), "Ezután" (2002), "Dél-Amerika" (2002), "Csízbörger" (2004), "Ez A Szerelem" (2004), "Hangerő" (2005), "Tudom, hogy Szeretsz Titokban" (2007), "Mikor Utoljára Láttalak" (2008), "Szia" (2009). The band's singer Krisztián Szűcs also appeared on Yonderboi's Splendid Isolation as a singer.
2000s.
In 2000 Nulladik Változat's fifth studio album was released entitled "Murmuc".
In 2000 Yonderboi released his first full length studio album entitled "Shallow and Profound". Later Yonderboi became one of the leading artist of the Hungarian electro scene releasing two more records, Splendid Isolation and Passive Control.
In the early 2000s more alternative bands emerged. The Idoru reached international success, signing a contract with Burning Seasons Records.
2010s.
In 2011 Nulladik Változat released their first album in the 2010s entitled "Dark", two years later "Darker".
In September 2012 the Drum & Monkey Records released Ivan & The Parazol's first album entitled "Mama Don't You Recognize Ivan & The Parazol?".

</doc>
<doc id="36777297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777297" title="Rotorboides">
Rotorboides

Rotorboides is a recent (Holocene) bottom dwelling (benthic) foram from the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Oceans, related to "Rosalina". 
The test is trochospiral and planoconvex, with a broadly rounded periphery and about six to nine cham­bers in the final whorl. Sutures on the spiral side are crescentic and strongly oblique. Chambers on the umbilical side are subtriangular, each with a triangular folium, or flap, that extends into the umbilical area, folia of successive chambers fuse to form an umbilical plate that is solid or has only rare perforations. Sutures on the umbiical side are radial and deeply incised. The test wall is calcareous, coarsely perforate on the spiral side, but imperforate adjacent to the sutures. The umbilical side is imperforate and smooth. The aperture is an interiomarginal arch, outside the umbilicus, extending nearly to the periphery.

</doc>
<doc id="36777311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777311" title="William Bassett (d. 1667)">
William Bassett (d. 1667)

William Bassett (c. 1590–d. 1667) He came to Plymouth on the ship "Fortune" in November 1621, possibly as a single man, per author Charles Banks. During his long life he was involved in many colony governmental activities and business ventures, being one of the original members of the “Purchaser” investment group of 1626. In his later years he described himself as a blacksmith, but Banks indicates that in addition to being a worker in metals, he was also a gunsmith.
According to one author, in records of the time, his last name was apparently also spelled as “Basset”, and he uses Basset for him in his book. Other historical records show his name spelled "Bassett". 
English Origins.
Nothing is known of his life in England, although he was believed to have been born in England sometime before 1600, and possibly as early as about 1590, since he was betrothed twice in Leiden in 1611.
Life in Leiden.
At some point Bassett was a Leiden Separatist and was recorded there as a master mason from Sandwich, Kent. Although some historians disagree, most sources agree that William Bassett from Sandwich, Kent lived in Leiden in 1611 and was betrothed there to Mary Butler, and William Brewster, Roger Wilson, Anna Fuller, and Rose Lisle were to be witnesses, but Mary died before the marriage. He was then betrothed on July 29, 1611 to Margaret Oldham, with Edward Southworth, Roger Wilson, Elizabeth Neal, and Wybra Pontus as witnesses, with their marriage being August 13, 1611. most probably with his wife Elizabeth, although "Banks" states he was unmarried upon arrival.
In the Land Division of 1623 he was allotted two acres indicating he had taken a wife before that date. Wife Elizabeth and his children William and Elizabeth were in the 1627 division, but his wife died later.
In Governor William Bradford's Letter Book, Bassett is one of 27 names of those men who were creditors hoping to realize profit from the colony and who signed an agreement as “Purchasers” to allow privileges to the eight Undertakers (colony leaders Bradford, Standish, Isaac Allerton, Edward Winslow, William Brewster, John Howland, John Alden and Thomas Prence) in return for their assumption of the colony debt. Bassett was a signatory on this agreement as “William Basset”. The Undertakers being colony leaders who assumed the colony debt from the London Adventurers in return for a monopoly of the fur trade.
He moved to Duxbury by 1637, and to Bridgewater by 1656.
He served on a number of juries and committees, and was a deputy for Duxbury to the Plymouth court. 
He was a blacksmith, and a number of smith’s tools are listed in his inventory, which also contained a number of theological books.
In 1658, in records of the time, William Bassett is listed as the Constable of Sandwich.
On November 8, 1666 William Bassett, who described himself as a blacksmith of Bridgewater, sold four lots to John Sprague of Duxbury, and Bassett’s wife Mary gave her consent. John Sprague was the husband of Bassett’s daughter Ruth.
Family.
William Bassett married:
Children of William and Elizabeth Bassett:
Note: the burial place of all of Bassett’s children is unknown with the exception of Sarah.
Will and Death of William Bassett.
In his will dated April 3, 1667, William Bassett mentioned his unnamed wife, his son Joseph, and his son William’s son William.
He died sometime between the date of his will and the date his will was sworn, June 5, 1667. It is assumed he died sometime shortly after the will was written. His wife Mary swore to his inventory. The burial place of William Bassett is unknown.
Estate of William Bassett.
On June 2, 1669 William Bassett of Sandwich, oldest son of William Bassett, sometime of Bridgewater, deceased, confirmed land to his youngest brother, Joseph Bassett of Bridgewater. 
On June 6, 1683, Goodwife Sprague (Ruth Bassett) and her son John agreed about land which formerly belonged to John Sprague’s grandfather (William) Bassett.

</doc>
<doc id="36777316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777316" title="Coniston (novel)">
Coniston (novel)

Coniston is a 1906 best-selling novel by American writer Winston Churchill.
Background.
The plot of the historical novel concerns New Hampshire politics, where Churchill lived most of his adult life. Churchill was elected to the state legislature in 1903 and 1905, and unsuccessfully sought the Republican nomination for governor in 1906 at the same time "Coniston" was topping the best selling lists. The political boss character in the book, Jethro Bass, was based on New Hampshire politician Ruel Durkee. A former U.S. Senator from New Hampshire, William E. Chandler, felt compelled to defend Durkee, publishing a pamphlet and writing letters to editors to claim that Durkee was a model citizen and not a model of corruption.
Contemporary writers identified the places in the novel with their real counterparts in New Hampshire. The small hamlet of Coniston itself is Croydon, New Hampshire (where Durkee lived), Brampton is Newport, Harwich is Claremont, Clovelly is Cornish, and "Coniston Water", the local river, is the Sugar River. The Pelican Hotel is the Eagle Hotel in Concord.
Reception.
It was the best-selling novel in the United States in 1906, and also included illustrations by Florence Scovel Shinn.
Legacy.
The local market in Croydon is still called the "Coniston General Store" after the book, and a nearby lake was renamed "Lake Coniston" in 1943. The YMCA's Camp Coniston took its name after the lake in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="36777329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777329" title="Eagleview, Pennsylvania">
Eagleview, Pennsylvania

Eagleview is a census-designated place (CDP) in Uwchlan Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,644 at the 2010 census. Conceptually, Eagleview was created as "... an old fashion town where you can work, live, shop, see your elders, and care for the young all in the same place." According to a Landsat imagery, the Eagleview shopping center represents a medium density development that generated 400 square feet more living space per acre per the source than lower density developments also shown in the same imagery. Stevens, in his book on a study of how to make communities safer in new urban developments uses Eagleview, along with Weatherstone, as sample data for comparing amount of green space for every acreage of development. The community was listed in volume 6 of the New Urban News as an example of this new type of housing development.
The shopping district inside the census designated place of the same name contains a mixed use community of stores, restaurants, and residential units with "walkable streets" and green spaces according to the official website.
Geography.
Eagleview is located at along the northwest border of Uwchlan Township. Pennsylvania Route 100 (Pottstown Pike) forms the northeastern edge of the CDP, including Route 100's connection to Exit 312 of the Pennsylvania Turnpike.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , all of it land.

</doc>
<doc id="36777345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777345" title="Echmatemys">
Echmatemys

Echmatemys is an extinct genus of geoemydid turtle from the Eocene of North America. It is the oldest North American geoemydids, and is one of the most common early Eocene turtles.

</doc>
<doc id="36777376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777376" title="Hope Spivey">
Hope Spivey

Theresa Hope Spivey (born July 27, 1971) is a former gymnast. She competed for the United States national team at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36777377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777377" title="Ministry of Trade, Industry and Cooperatives (Uganda)">
Ministry of Trade, Industry and Cooperatives (Uganda)

The Ministry of Trade, Industry and Cooperatives (MTIC) is a ministry of the Government of Uganda. 
Departments.
The Ministry has four operational departments, one support department and three support units.
The Ministry also oversees the operations of five semi-autonomous institutions;

</doc>
<doc id="36777387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777387" title="Princess Lalla Amina of Morocco">
Princess Lalla Amina of Morocco

Lalla Amina (8 April 1954 – 16 August 2012) was a member of the Moroccan royal family and President of the Moroccan Royal Federation of Equestrian Sports.
Early life and education.
Lalla Amina was born in Antsirabé, Madagascar on 8 April 1954. She was the youngest sister of the late King Hassan II of Morocco, and daughter of King Mohammed V of Morocco and Lalla Bahia. She was born while the royal family was in exile. She attended Royal College and the University of Rabat.
Activities and awards.
Lalla Amina was President of the Moroccan Royal Federation of Equestrian Sports from 1999 up until her death in 2012. She was also Chairwoman of Special Olympics Morocco and member of Special Olympics Board of Directors. She was awarded the Order of Muhammad "Second Class" in 2007. 
Death and funeral.
Laila Amina died of undisclosed illness in Rabat on 16 August 2012. Her funeral prayers were performed after Al Asr prayer at the Ahl Fez mosque on 17 August 2012. Her body was buried at the Moulay Al Hassan Mausoleum at the Royal Palace in Rabat.

</doc>
<doc id="36777391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777391" title="Rally Hebrides">
Rally Hebrides

Rally Hebrides is a not for profit charity rally that is held in Isle of Lewis every year.
Stages.
Stage 1 & 2 : Lews Castle Grounds 
Stage 3, 4 & 5 : Melbost Farm
Stage 6 & 7 : Lewis Karting Centre Superspecial
Drivers.
David Bogie made his debut at Rally Hebrides in a specially prepared MK2 Escort.
On 18 August 2012 there were 30 drivers competing for the Rally.

</doc>
<doc id="36777394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777394" title="2013 FIVB Volleyball Boys' U19 World Championship">
2013 FIVB Volleyball Boys' U19 World Championship

The 2013 FIVB Volleyball Boys' U19 World Championship was held in Tijuana and Mexicali, Mexico, from 27 June to 7 July 2013. This was the first edition of the tournament that features 20 teams.
__TOC__
Competition formula.
The 20 teams will be divided into four pools of five teams each and will play a round-robin tournament. The bottom-ranked team of each pool will play classification matches for 17th–20th place in a round-robin system.
The other 16 teams progress to the Eight Finals which consists of a playoff (1st of Pool A against 4th of Pool B etc). The winners of the playoff matches will advance to the quarterfinals, semifinals and finals to be classified from 1st to 8th while the losers of playoff match will play classification matches, with a similar quarterfinals, semifinals and finals system, to be classified from 9th to 16th.

</doc>
<doc id="36777396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777396" title="Sandra Navidi">
Sandra Navidi

Sandra Navidi is a strategic and macroeconomics advisor. She is the Chief Executive Officer of BeyondGlobal, an international strategic consultancy. She is a U.S. and German attorney and frequent media contributor. Previously, she worked with New York University (NYU) economics Professor Nouriel Roubini at Roubini Global Economics (RGE). Navidi frequently appears as a keynote speaker and panelist all over the world.
Early life and education.
Navidi was born and raised in Germany. She graduated from the faculty of law at the University of Cologne in Germany, and from Fordham University School of Law in New York with a Master-of-Law Degree in Banking, Corporate, and Finance Law. She studied at the Paris-Sorbonne University in Paris and passed the Series 7 Exam.
Career.
Navidi is the Chief Executive Officer of BeyondGlobal. Prior to that she was Director of Research Strategies at RGE, the macroeconomic advisory firm of NYU Professor Nouriel Roubini. She represented the firm globally and acted as liaison between the top management of private and public sector institutions and the research team. Before that, she worked as an investment banker at Scarsdale Equities. In 2001, Navidi moved to New York for the position of general counsel at Muzinich & Company, a large Wall Street firm. Until 2001, Navidi was a manager in international capital markets at Deloitte in Germany.
Media and Public Appearances.
Navidi provides financial markets analysis that has resonated in the financial community. She frequently appears as an expert in international media outlets and as a guest speaker at various events. She has been interviewed on ARD, ZDF, Westdeutscher Rundfunk (WDR), Bayrischer Rundfunk, n-TV, Arte TV, Deutsches Anlegerfernsehen, CNBC, Fox Business, CCTV China, Phoenix TV China and Voice of America. In 2007 she provided a woman’s perspective on the TV documentary "Wall Street Warriors", where she was portrayed as one of six individuals on Wall Street. The season was broadcast in over 25 countries and ranked number 1 most downloaded documentary on iTunes for two consecutive months. In 2012, she was featured in a documentary on the Financial Crisis, which was aired repeatedly in France and Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="36777399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777399" title="Swan Bridge">
Swan Bridge

Swan Bridge is a Grade II listed bridge over the Castle Mill Stream in the city of Oxford, England. It forms part of Paradise Street. The bridge is close to Oxford Castle to the north. Also to the north on the Castle Mill Stream is Quaking Bridge. To the south is a bridge for Oxpens Road.
The bridge was Grade II listed in 1972.
Also located in Paradise Street close to the bridge on the Castle Mill Stream was the Swan's Nest Brewery (later the Swan Brewery), dating from the early 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="36777400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777400" title="Bonsall DB-1 Mustang">
Bonsall DB-1 Mustang

The Bonsall DB-1 Mustang is a single place, scale P-51 Mustang replica homebuilt aircraft.
Design and development.
The Bonsall DB-1 Mustang was built over a 16 year period in England by designer Dave Bonsall. The finished aircraft used a Lycoming O-360 engine sourced from a Socata TB-10 Tobago. The aircraft is a single seat, low wing aircraft with retractable conventional landing gear.

</doc>
<doc id="36777401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777401" title="Persians in the Mughal Empire">
Persians in the Mughal Empire

Persians were the second largest nobility of the Mughal Empire of South Asia. Throughout the history of the Delhi Sultanate and its successor the Mughal Empire, Persian technocrats, bureaucrats, soldiers, traders, scientists, architects, teachers, poets, artists, theologians and Sufis migrated and settled in South Asia.
The name "Mughal" is derived from the original homelands of the Timurids, the Central Asian (Turkestan) steppes once conquered by Genghis Khan and hence known as "Moghulistan", "Land of Mongols". Although early Mughals spoke the Chagatai language and maintained some Turko-Mongol practices, they became essentially Persianized and transferred the Persian literary and high culture to South Asia, thus forming the base for the Indo-Persian culture and the Spread of Islam in South Asia.
Humayun refuge in Persia.
Mughal Emperor Humayun was defeated by Sher Shah Suri in 1540 and fled to the refuge of the powerful Safavid Empire in Iran, marching with 40 men and his wife. Shah Tahmasp welcomed the Mughal, and treated him as a royal visitor. Here Humayun went sightseeing and was amazed at the Persian artwork, military might and architecture he saw: much of this was the work of the Timurid Sultan Husayn Bayqarah and his ancestor, princess Gauhar Shad, thus he was able to admire the work of his relatives and ancestors at first hand. He was introduced to the work of the Persian miniaturists, and Kamaleddin Behzad had two of his pupils join Humayun in his court. Humayun was amazed at their work and asked if they would work for him if he were to regain the sovereignty of Hindustan and they agreed. 
Shah Tahmasp provided financial aid and a large choice of cavalry to regain his Empire. Persians nobles and soldiers joined Humayun in reconquest of South Asia. 
The Turkic Turani nobility tended to fade away from the political scene and the Persian nobles improved their position. During 1545-1555 A.D. a number of Persians who came in Humayun’s service were appointed to important central offices, such as diwan, wazir, and mir-saman (In charge of Imperial Palace).
Ma’âṣer al-Omarâ.
"Ma’âṣer al-Omarâ" was written by Shah Nawaz Khan and his son, ‘Abd al-Hayy in 1780. This book contains the biographies of 738 Mughal nobles of which at least 198 or 26.8 per cent were Persians
Reasons for Immigration.
Most of the Persians migrated to South Asia to prosper and obtain high positions in Mughal Empire. Many were Sunni Persians who felt discriminated in Shia Safavid Empire and migrated to mostly Sunni Mughal Empire. There were also rebels and nobles who lost royal favour and migrated to Mughal Empire. The Mughals also preferred to employ foreign Muslim officials that had little or no local interests and thus were loyal to the Mughal emperor.
Mughal Emperor Akbar.
The Mughals had a multi-racial and multi-religious ruling class in which non-Indians occupied a very major place. Commenting on the mansabdars listed in the
Ain-i-Akbari, Moreland writes that just under 70 percent of the nobles whose origin is known were foreigners, belonging to families which had either come to South Asia with Emperor Humayun or had arrived at the court after the accession of Emperor Akbar.
Shia Muslim Dynasties in South Asia.
The Shia Muslims, especially Ithna ashariyya school, has deep rooted influence in present and history of South Asia from North to South with various Shia Muslim dynasties ruling South Asian provinces from time to time. Most of these kingdoms were established by Persian Shias. 
Few prominent ones of the Indian Shia Muslim dynasties are as follows:
Bidar Sultanate was one of the Deccan sultanates of late medieval India. Its founder, Qasim Barid was a Turk, domiciled in Georgia controlled by Persia. He joined the service of the Bahmani sultan Muhammad Shah III. He started his career as a "Sar-Naubat" but later became the "Mir-Jumla" (prime minister) of the Bahmani sultanate.
The Qutb Shahi dynasty was a Turkic dynasty (whose members were also called the Qutub Shahis). They were the ruling family of the kingdom of Golconda in southern India. They were Shia Muslims and belonged to Kara Koyunlu of Persia.
The Adil Shahi dynasty ruled the Sultanate of Bijapur in the Western area of the Deccan region of Southern India from 1490 to 1686. Bijapur had been a province of the Bahmani Sultanate (1347–1518), before its political decline in the last quarter of the 15th century and eventual break-up in 1518. The Bijapur Sultanate was absorbed into the Mughal Empire on 12 September 1686, after its conquest by the Emperor Aurangzeb.
Of all the Muslim states and dependencies of the Mughal empire, Awadh had the newest royal family, the Nawabs of Awadh. They were descended from a Persian adventurer called Sa'adat Khan, originally from Khurasan in Persia.
The Persian Najafi Dynasty of Nawabs of Bengal were Sayyids and were descendants of Prophet Muhammad through Al Imam Hasan ibn Ali, ruling from 1757 until 1880.
Rampur, former princely state of British India. Previously ruled by Persian Shiite Muslim Nawabs of Rampur, it was incorporated into the state of Uttar Pradesh in 1949.
Awadh State.
The most important Shia state in South Asia was established by Persian originally from Khurasan in Persia around 1722 AD with Faizabad as its capital and Sadat Ali Khan as its first Nawab. Awadh or Avadh is also known in various British historical texts as Oudh.
Qizilbash.
The Qizilbash soldiers and officials settled in modern Pakistan during Mughal Emperor Humayun's return from exile in Safavid Persia and restoration of Mughal Empire. Emperor Humayun lost his South Asian territories to the Pashtun noble, Sher Shah Suri, and, with Persian aid, regained them 15 years later in 1555 AD.

</doc>
<doc id="36777405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777405" title="Hamworthy Freight Branch">
Hamworthy Freight Branch

The Hamworth Freight branch is a short standard gauge line from Hamworthy Station to the Hamworthy side of Poole Port.
Locomotives.
The line was once worked, as part of the local pick up goods rounds, by a Southern Railways B-4 class 0-4-0 steam locomotive.
During the late 1960s and early 1970s the line was worked by Class 03 Drewry 0-6-0 diesel shunting locomotives numbers 03 179 and 03 083, occasionally as double headers (cab to cab) when hauling a long train of Ford transit vans on bogie flat wagons or heavy girder and sheet steel rolls on bogie bolsters. Local school children at the lineside Hamworthy Middle School were quite familiar with these locomotives and could tell from a distance which was which as 03 179 was always front towards the docks and 03 083 was always cab towards the docks.
In the late 1970s both were replaced by Class 09 0-6-0 diesel shunting locomotive 09 026.
Occasional visitors were Class 47's hauling exceptional export steel train loads during the 1970s, later Class 37's became the normal visitor as steel and other freight traffic.
Currently the line is home to no Locomotives. Up until 2010 the Poole Harbour Company kept a BR Class 02 shunter for use on the line, but in 2010 the loco was scrapped.
Current Use.
The branch remains connected to the mainline network, but sees no regular traffic. Semi-permanent fences and barriers have been erected across the line by each of the level crossings in the port area.

</doc>
<doc id="36777415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777415" title="Hāshimīyah al-Tujjar">
Hāshimīyah al-Tujjar

Hāshimīyah al-Tujjar was a Lady Mujtahideh in 20th century Iran.
She received ijtihād degrees in fiqh and uṣūl. Her niece, the daughter of her brother, became Iran's most prominent female religious intellectual of 20th century Iran, Nosrat Amin of Isfahan.
There are indications that the work of Nosrat Amin titled "al-Arbaʿīn al-Hāshimīyah" may have been begun by Hāshimīyah al-Tujjar.

</doc>
<doc id="36777416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777416" title="Ministry of Trade, Tourism and Industry (Uganda)">
Ministry of Trade, Tourism and Industry (Uganda)

The Ministry of Trade, Tourism and Industry was a multifaceted ministry of the Government of Uganda. It has been split into the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Cooperatives and the Ministry of Tourism, Wildlife and Heritage

</doc>
<doc id="36777418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777418" title="Sitting in Limbo">
Sitting in Limbo

Sitting in Limbo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36777438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777438" title="Erik Rudeng">
Erik Rudeng

Erik Rudeng (born 1946) is a Norwegian historian, administrator, essayist and biographer. He was born in Oslo. He worked for the publishing house Universitetsforlaget from 1981 to 1985. He was director of the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History from 1990 to 2000, and director of the institution Fritt Ord from 2001. Among his books are biographies of Johan Throne Holst and William Martin Nygaard.

</doc>
<doc id="36777440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777440" title="Luke Kirby (disambiguation)">
Luke Kirby (disambiguation)

Luke Kirby is an actor.
Luke Kirby may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36777451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777451" title="Chelle Stack">
Chelle Stack

Carol Michelle Stack (born July 23, 1973) is a former gymnast. She competed for the United States national team at the 1988 Summer Olympics. She is currently active as a Brevet rated judge at US National Gymnastics competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="36777454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777454" title="Iru Power Plant">
Iru Power Plant

Iru Power Plant is a co-generation power plant in Iru village, Maardu, Estonia. It is a subsidiary of Eesti Energia. 
The first unit of power plant was commissioned in 1978. In the beginning it operated as a boiler plant. In 1980, it was converted into co-generation power plant.
The power plant has three operational units with capacities of 80 MW, 110 MW accordingly and 67 MW. The primary fuel of the units 1 and is natural gas and reserve fuel is fuel oil. total installed capacity of units 1 and 2 is 190 MW of electricity, 661.5 MWth of hot water and 162 of MWth steam. In co-generation mode the thermal capacity is 398 MW. It supplies heat to Maardu, and the Lasnamäe and central districts of Tallinn.
In 2006, Eesti Energia started preparations for construction of a waste incineration unit with capacity of 50 MW of heat and 17 MW of electricity. Construction started in 2010. It was commissioned on 16 June 2013. The unit processes up to 220,000 tonnes of mixed municipal waste per year. The unit was built and technology was provided by Constructions industrielles de la Méditerranée (CNIM). The general construction was carried out by Merko Ehitus, with the incineration grate supplied by Martin GmbH and the system for the treatment of waste gas by LAB, a subsidiary of CNIM. The unit cost about €105 million.

</doc>
<doc id="36777469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777469" title="Kin Yang Academy">
Kin Yang Academy

Kin Yang Academy (, abbreviated KYA) is a coeducational private school located in the city of Dasmariñas, province of Cavite, Philippines. The school offers elementary and secondary level of education.
History.
Kin Yang Academy was founded by Leodencio T. Obra and his wife Reny C. Obra in February 2000. 
Physical location.
The school campus is located inside the Goldenville Subdivision II (Blk. 8 Lot 2 Pes-1st) in Brgy. Sabang in Dasmariñas, near the boundary with the city of Imus in the province of Cavite.

</doc>
<doc id="36777485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777485" title="Cannonlake">
Cannonlake

"Cannonlake", the Intel's tick-tock 10 nm shrink of Skylake, is expected to be released in 2016. Cannonlake was listed in development directly from Intel's job listing as early as 2013. Further nodes are not clear either although latest Intel development (Q3 2012) indicates 7 nm node may reach production around 2017, with 5 nm in 2019.
In 2009 Intel's former CEO Paul S. Otellini has been quoted as saying that silicon is in its last decade as the base material of the CPU, with replacement options such as Indium antimonide or optical computing.
Cannonlake will be used in conjunction with Intel "200 Series" chipsets, also known as "Union Point".

</doc>
<doc id="36777505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777505" title="Ministry of Tourism, Wildlife and Heritage (Uganda)">
Ministry of Tourism, Wildlife and Heritage (Uganda)

The Ministry of Tourism, Wildlife and Heritage (MTWH) is a ministry of the Government of Uganda.
Departments.
the Ministry is headed by Hon. Minister Ephraim Kamuntu,

</doc>
<doc id="36777506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777506" title="Thomas C. Fields">
Thomas C. Fields

Thomas Craig Fields (November 9, 1825 St. Lawrence County, New York – January 25, 1885 Saint-André-d'Argenteuil, Quebec, Canada) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Life.
He studied law in Delhi, was admitted to the bar in 1846, and practiced in New York City. In 1847, he married Annie E. Smith. He was a Central Park Commissioner from 1857 to 1870; and a New York City Park Commissioner from 1870 to 1872. 
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (New York Co., 17th D.) in 1863; of the New York State Senate (7th D.) in 1864 and 1865; and again of the State Assembly (New York Co., 19th D.) in 1870, 1871 and 1872.
He was a member of the Tweed Ring, and in the autumn of 1872 he fled to Cuba, then Europe, and finally Canada, and died while being a fugitive from justice at his residence "The Priory", near St. Andrews, in Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="36777518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777518" title="Broadwell (microarchitecture)">
Broadwell (microarchitecture)

Broadwell is Intel's codename for the 14 nanometer die shrink of its Haswell microarchitecture due in late 2014, following Intel's tick-tock principle as the next step in semiconductor fabrication.
Broadwell will adopt the Multi-Chip Package (MCP) design and it will be used in conjunction with Intel 9 Series chipsets.
Expected variants.
Broadwell is expected to be launched in four major variants:
Instruction set extensions.
Broadwell will introduce some instruction set architecture extensions:
New features.
Broadwell's Intel Quick Sync Video hardware video decoder adds VP8 hardware decoding support. Also, it will have two independent bit stream decoder (BSD) rings to process video commands on GT3 GPUs; this will allow one BSD ring to process decoding and the other BSD ring to process encoding at the same time.
List of Broadwell processors.
List of announced mobile processors is as follows:
Roadmap.
On September 10, 2013, Intel showcased the Broadwell 14 nm processor in a demonstration at IDF. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich claimed that the chip would allow systems to provide a 30 percent improvement in power use over the Haswell chips released in mid-2013.
On October 21, 2013, a leaked Intel roadmap indicated a late 2014 or early 2015 release of the K-series Broadwell on the LGA 1150 platform, in parallel with the previously announced Haswell refresh. This will coincide with the release of Intel's 9-series chipset, which may be required for Broadwell processors due to a change in power specifications for its LGA 1150 socket.
On , "Reuters" quoted Intel's CEO promising that Broadwell-based PCs will be on shelves for the holiday season, but probably not for the back-to-school shopping.
Mobile CPUs are expected in Q4 2014 and high-performance quad-core CPUs in 2015. The mobile CPUs will benefit from the reduced energy consumption of the die shrink.
On , Intel told "CNET" that while some specialized Broadwell-based products would be out in Q4 2014, "broader availability" (including mobile CPUs) would only happen in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="36777525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777525" title="German submarine U-328">
German submarine U-328

German submarine "U-328" was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She carried out no patrols and sank or damaged no ships.
The boat surrendered in Norway in May 1945 and was sunk as part of Operation "Deadlight" in November.
Service history.
The submarine was laid down on 15 May 1943 by the Flender Werke yard at Lübeck as 'werk' 328, launched on 24 June 1944 and commissioned on 19 September under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Peter Lawrence.
She served with the 4th U-boat Flotilla for training, from 19 September 1944 to 1 May 1945 and the 11th flotilla 2–6 May 1945.
Fate.
The boat surrendered at Bergen in Norway on 9 May 1945. She was transferred to Loch Ryan in Scotland on the 30th for Operation "Deadlight". She was sunk by aircraft of the Fleet Air Arm on 30 November.

</doc>
<doc id="36777526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777526" title="Fort de Cognelée">
Fort de Cognelée

The Fort de Cognelée is one of nine forts built as part of the Fortifications of Namur in the late 19th century in Belgium. It was built between 1888 and 1892 according to the plans of General Henri Alexis Brialmont. Contrasting with the French forts built in the same era by Raymond Adolphe Séré de Rivières, the fort was built exclusively of unreinforced concrete, a new material, rather than masonry. In 1914 the fort was heavily bombarded by German artillery in the Battle of Namur. Unlike seven of the nine Namur forts, Cognelée was never upgraded to become part of the fortified position of Namur. Instead, it became a supply and munitions depot. The fort is now abandoned on private property.
Description.
The Fort de Cognelée is located about north of the center of Namur. The fort, one of the larger Brialmont forts, is a triangle. A deep by ditch encircles the fort. The ditches were defended in enfilade by 57mm guns in casemates resembling counterscarp batteries, firing at shot traps at the other end of the ditch. The principal armament was concentrated in the central massif, closely grouped in a solid mass of concrete.
Belgian forts made little provision for the daily needs of their wartime garrisons, locating latrines, showers, kitchens and the morgue in the fort's counterscarp, a location that would be untenable in combat. This would have profound effects on the forts' ability to endure a long assault. The service areas were placed directly opposite the barracks, which opened into the ditch in the rear of the fort (i.e., in the face towards Namur), with lesser protection than the front and "salient" sides. The Brialmont forts placed a weaker side to the rear to allow for recapture by Belgian forces from the rear, and located the barracks and support facilities on this side, using the rear ditch for light and ventilation of living spaces. In combat heavy shellfire made the rear ditch untenable, and German forces were able to get between the forts and attack them from the rear. The Brialmont forts were designed to be protected from shellfire equaling their heaviest guns: 21cm. The top of the central massif used of unreinforced concrete, while the caserne walls, judged to be less exposed, used . Under fire, the forts were damaged by 21cm fire and could not withstand heavier artillery.
Armament.
Cognelée's guns included one twin 15cm turret, two single 21cm turrets and two twin 12cm turrets, all for distant targets. Four 57mm turrets with another eight 57mm guns in embrasures providing defense of the fort's ditches and postern. The fort also mounted an observation turret with a searchlight.
The fort's heavy guns were German, typically Krupp, while the turret mechanisms were from a variety of sources. The fort was provided with signal lights to permit communication with neighboring forts. The guns were fired using black powder rather than smokeless powder, producing choking gas in the confined firing spaces that spread throughout the fort.
World War I.
Cognelée was heavily bombarded in August 1914 by large-caliber artillery. Cognelée surrendered on 23 August, one of the last of the Namur forts tosurrender.
The Germans re-armed Cognelée and upgraded its protection and habitability with additional concrete and ventilation.
Fortified Position of Namur.
Cognelée was not chosen to be upgraded in the 1930s. It was instead used as a munitions depot. Two bunkers were built in 1939 and 1940 to provide for local defense with automatic arms.
Present.
The Fort de Cognelée is on private property and is not open to the public. It was never repaired or rehabilitated after World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="36777531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777531" title="Chrysis (priestess)">
Chrysis (priestess)

Chrysis (or Chryseis, or ) was a priestess at the ancient Greek sanctuary of Hera at Argos at the time of the Peloponesian War. She is known for having inadvertently caused a fire that led to the destruction of the temple.
Thucydides mentions in book 2 of his history of the Peloponesian War that at the outbreak of the war, in 431 BC, Chrysis was in the 48th year of her tenure as head priestess of Argos. According to Pausanias, her flight led her to Tegea, where she found asylum at the sanctuary of Athena Alea. Pausanias also mentions that in his time a statue of Chrysis still stood at Argos.
The catastrophe of Argos was later mentioned by the Christian theologians Clemens of Alexandria and Arnobius (who, unlike Thucydides, assumed that Chrysis herself had perished in the fire), as perceived examples of the powerlessness of heathen gods. Her case is the topic of an entry in Pierre Bayle's "Dictionnaire historique et critique" of 1695.

</doc>
<doc id="36777541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777541" title="Bergmeister">
Bergmeister

A Bergmeister () was a mine manager or foreman in German-speaking Europe who, along with the "Bergvogt", was one of the officials serving on a mining court ("Berggericht"). There were "Bergmeisters" in every mining district in Germany. In Austria the "Bergmeister" was also called the "Obristbergmeister".

</doc>
<doc id="36777593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777593" title="UBOS">
UBOS

UBOS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36777606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777606" title="Guy II of Dampierre">
Guy II of Dampierre

Guy II of Dampierre (died 18 January 1216) was constable of Champagne, and Lord of Dampierre, Bourbon and Montluçon. He was the only son of William I of Dampierre, Lord of Dampierre, and Ermengarde of Mouchy.
Guy II participated in the Third Crusade as a member of an advance party who initiated the Siege of Acre in the fall of 1189. In 1191, in the Holy Land, he was considered a supporter of Conrad of Montferrat.
In 1212, King Philip II of France tasked Guy with overthrowing Count Guy II of Auvergne. Guy successfully completed this task by taking Tournoël Castle in December 1213. His participation in the Battle of Bouvines in 1214, was decisive in the French victory.
Marriage and offspring.
In 1186, he married Mathilde of Bourbon, a daughter of Archambaud of Bourbon and Alix of Burgundy. She was a granddaughter of Archambault VII, Lord of Bourbon. Her father died before her grandfather, leaving him without a male heir. Consequently, she inherited Bourbon and thus the House of Dampierre acquired the Lordship of Bourbon.
Guy and Mathilde had seven children:

</doc>
<doc id="36777619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777619" title="All-time San Antonio Scorpions FC roster">
All-time San Antonio Scorpions FC roster

This list comprises all players who have participated in at least one league match for San Antonio Scorpions FC in the North American Soccer League from 2012 to present. Players who were on the roster but never played a first team game are not listed; players who appeared for the team in other competitions (Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup, CONCACAF Champions League, etc.) but never actually made an NASL appearance are noted at the bottom of the page where appropriate.
A "†" denotes players who only appeared in a single match.

</doc>
<doc id="36777659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777659" title="Paul Hindmarch">
Paul Hindmarch

Paul Robert Hindmarch (born 8 February 1988) is an English cricketer. Hindmarch is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium-fast. He was born at Carlisle, Cumberland, and was educated as Keswick School.
Hindmarch made his debut for Cumberland against Lincolnshire in the 2006 Minor Counties Championship. His next appearance for Cumberland didn't come until 2009, against Northumberland in the Minor Counties Championship, having between those appearances played second XI cricket for a number of first-class counties. His next appearance for Cumberland came in the 2012 Minor Counties Championship against Lincolnshire, with him making three further appearances in that seasons competition. He also made his debut in 2012 in the MCCA Knockout Trophy against Dorset. During the 2012 season, Hindmarch was selected to play for the Unicorns in the Clydesdale Bank 40, making his List A debut for the team against Yorkshire at Headingley. He wasn't required to bat during the match, but did take the wicket of Adil Rashid, taking figures of 1/35 from six overs. He made a second appearance during the tournament against Warwickshire at Wormsley Park. Batting at number eleven, Hindmarch made 50 runs from 49 balls, before he was run out by Chris Wright. His partnership of 73 for the tenth wicket with Glen Querl was the highest of the Unicorn's innings of 185. In Warwickshire's successful chase, he bowled five wicketless overs for the cost of 36 runs. 

</doc>
<doc id="36777666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777666" title="Neoconorbina">
Neoconorbina

Neoconorbina is a recent (Holocene) discorbacean foraminifer related to "Rosalina" with a low conical trochoidal test, circular in outline. The conical side is the spiral side, on which all three whorls are visible, the final chamber taking up most of the periphery. The umbili­cal side is flat to concave. exposing only the three to four chambers of the final whorl around an open umbilicus. Chambers on the umbilical side have triangular to platelike umbilical extensions as with other rasalinids. The wall of is calcite, finely and densely perforate on the spiral side, more coarsely perforate on the umbilical side; surface smooth; aperture at the umbilical margin of the chamber, beneath the platelike extension, or folium.
"Neoconorbina" and the Rosalinidae are included in the Kingdom Protoctista according the Sen Gupta, 2002. Loeblich and Tappan, 1964, in the Treatise included "Neoconobina" in the Discorbidae, along with such as "Discorbis" and "Rosalina", all regarded as Protista. 

</doc>
<doc id="36777704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777704" title="Henry Mitchell (Irish judge)">
Henry Mitchell (Irish judge)

Henry Mitchell (c.1320-1384) was an Irish judge of the fourteenth century. He is one of the first recorded holders of the office of Attorney General for Ireland and was subsequently Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer and Chief Justice of the Irish Common Pleas.
He was born at Killeek, County Dublin, son of John Mitchell. He is recorded in England in 1344. In 1372-3 he was Attorney General for Ireland, and sat in the Irish House of Commons in the Parliament of 1375. He was briefly Chief Baron in 1376-7, then transferred to Common Pleas. He died in 1384.

</doc>
<doc id="36777713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777713" title="905th Military Airlift Group">
905th Military Airlift Group

The 905th Military Airlift Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 459th Military Airlift Wing, based at Westover Air Force Base, Massachusetts. It was inactivated on 1 April 1974.
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population. 
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments. 
As a result, the 905th Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The 905th TCG was one of three C-119 groups assigned to the 514th TCW in 1963, the others being the 903d Troop Carrier Group at McGuire AFB, New Jersey and 904th Troop Carrier Group at Stewart AFB, New York. 
Reassigned to Military Airlift Command, 1966, trained and re-quipped with C-124 Globemaster II intercontinental transports. Began flying worldwide airlift missions. Inactivated with retirement of C-124 in April 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="36777716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777716" title="Antonietta Dell'Era">
Antonietta Dell'Era

Antonietta Dell'Era (16 February 1861 Milan 22 June 1945 Berlin) was an Italian "prima ballerina" best known for originating the role of the Sugar Plum Fairy in Tchaikovsky's ballet, "The Nutcracker" (1892). The St. Petersberg premiere sold out. She received five curtain calls and good reviews. Modest Tchaikovsky described her as "pudgy and unattractive". From 1879 until 1909, Dell'Era had a successful career at the Berlin Opera, being adored by many critics and writers, among them Theodor Fontane. Between 1886 and 1894, she also performed in Russia, mainly in St. Petersberg, along with the "Italian Invasion" - an influx of talented Italian dancers to Russia that included Pierina Legnani, Enrico Cecchetti, and Virginia Zucchi.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36777735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777735" title="Varpal">
Varpal

Varpal is a student social networking website established on the 7th of April, 2012 in Ebonyi State by Christopher Columbus, a Biochemistry student of Ebonyi state University Nigeria, and his two college friends Nnamdi Ogodo and Chido Collins with the aim of connecting students all over the world to share ideas together.
On Varpal Feed, Ideas sharing are approved by members with the aim of Sharing the right idea with the right people
The Guardian (Nigeria) newspaper featured Varpal as the first Nigeria students social networking website that reached 15,000 members in four months. The site is opened to all secondary school students from the age of 13 above to help them meet fellow students online from round the world before they enter into higher institution.

</doc>
<doc id="36777736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777736" title="Mizens Railway">
Mizens Railway

Mizens Railway is a 7 1/4 in gauge railway in Knaphill, Woking. The railway is run by the Woking Miniature Railway Society (WRMS) and is open most summer Sundays from 2PM till 5pm.
Routes.
Two routes are available to ride the Miler and the Suburban. Each route starts at Twitchen Manor station and ends at Bonsey Lane station. Tickets are bought for each route separately but a ticket can be bought for both together. 
The Miler route covers roughly a mile of track some of this is covered on the suburban route, the train departs from platform 3, and departs in the opposite direction to the Suburban. The train arrives at Bonsey Lane once, and then reverses further up the line into platform 3. 
A A new route is built called the Highlander. Testing on the route has been carried out on this route in mid 2014, with some passenger runs. Although technical difficulties are delaying the full opening. When the route is fully open the Highlander will be operated along side the suburban route. planned to operate 
Visitor facilities.
The railway has many facilities for its visitors, these include the Station Building with a small kitchen, small shop, a picnic area, a ticket office and a footbridge over the railway so visitors can view the trains from above.
Special events.
The railway hold special events throughout the year. A list of these can be found on the railways website. Some of these events are Oktoberfest, War on the rails and Fright nights. Santa's specials are held over three Sundays in December, but booking is required. The train stops at Santa's halt where the passengers meet Santa and his Elves.
Signalling.
The railway is controlled by a variety of signals. Many signals on the main line are controlled automatically but most signals around the train station are controlled from the south signal box. The north signal box is being installed to control the new 'woodland' route. New signals are also being built to control the new route. 
Both the north and south signal boxes are controlled with 20 half size levers and a variety of buttons to operate shunt signals.
Locomotives.
Mizens railway has a variety of Locomotives to drive the trains. These are powered by a variety of steam, petrol and electric power and can be seen on the front of the trains. On some days locomotives visit the railway, this mainly happens on the special event, Visiting Locos Day. The railway owns one locomotive, Bourne Again, a large sit in petrol locomotive. Most of the other Locomotives are owned by members of the Railway and are also used on a regular basis.
Steam.
The resident steam locomotives range from narrow gauge style to scale bodied. Facilities to run the steam locomotives such as water and coal can be seen on the station.
Diesel and electric.
A large number of resident locos at Mizens are powered by diesel engines and electric motors. On most running days there are more diesel and electric locos in operation.

</doc>
<doc id="36777740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777740" title="Neue Rundschau">
Neue Rundschau

The Neue Rundschau, formerly Die neue Rundschau, founded in 1890, is a German literary magazine that appears in the S. Fischer Verlag. With its over 100 years of continuous history, it is one of the oldest cultural publications in Europe.
History.
The theater critic Otto Brahm and the publisher Samuel Fischer founded the magazine in 1890 as "Freie Bühne für modernes Leben" (Free Stage for Modern Life). They wanted to provide a weekly platform for new development in art such as naturalism. In practice, the journal was not limited to one art form. In 1892, it was renamed to an art form. After discussions about the artistic focus of the magazine, it was renamed for the first time in "Freie Bühne für den Entwickelungskampf der Zeit" (Free Stage for the Struggle for Development of the Time), shifting to more popular content and to monthly publication. Otto Julius Bierbaum took over as editor of the magazine in 1893 and named it "Neue Deutsche Rundschau". Due to differences with Samuel Fischer he gave up the post after four months.
From 1894 to 1922, Oskar Bie was the editor. In 1904 he succeeded in renaming it "Die neue Rundschau". The magazine became one of the most important forums for modern literature and essay writing in the German Empire and the Weimar Republic. Due to the link to the S. Fischer-Verlag, the publisher's major writers were able to publish their works in first prints. Alfred Kerr and Robert Musil were among the reviewers. From 1919 to 1921, Alfred Döblin wrote for the magazine under the pen-name Left Poot.
Bie was succeeded by Rudolf Kayser and in 1932 by Peter Suhrkamp. Under the Nazis, the magazine was banned in late 1944. Gottfried Bermann-Fischer re-established it in 1945 in exile in Stockholm.
Content.
Each issue of the quarterly has a thematic focus, to which writers, scientists and philosophers contribute. Furthermore, national and international writers are discussed, also the translations of literary texts.
First prints of literature.
The paper published several first works of literature; authors included Rainer Maria Rilke and Arthur Schnitzler. Thomas Mann's short story "Der kleine Herr Friedemann" was published in 1896. The 1904 title shows Gerhart Hauptmann's "Das Hirtenlied", Wilhelm Boelsche's "Zukunft der Menschheit", the novel "Kreuzungen" by Emil Strauß, Ellen Key's "Über Liebe und Ehe", Mann's "Ein Glück", Alfred Kerr's "Neue Schauspielkunst" and Richard Dehmel's "Der kleine Held". Hermann Hesse's "Kinderseele" was first printed in 1919. Musil wanted to publish Franz Kafka's "The Metamorphosis" in 1914 which was considered too long, but Kafka's story "A Hunger Artist" appeared in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="36777742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777742" title="2012 Gaziantep bombing">
2012 Gaziantep bombing

The 2012 Gaziantep bombing was a terrorist bomb attack occurred in the city of Gaziantep, Turkey on 20 August 2012, the second day of the three-day celebrations of "Şeker Bayramı" (Eid-ul-Fitr) that refers to the end of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan.
Attack.
The bomb blast occurred at 19:45 in local time. Bombs that were exploded through remote-control system were planted in a low truck near Karşıyaka police station in Şehitkamil district that is one of the most crowded areas of the city. The police station was the target of the attack.
As a result of the explosion, two public buses caught fire, increasing the casualties. Many other cars parked on the street and shops were also badly damaged by the blast.
Casualties.
The attack killed ten people. The next day, a 12-year-old girl died of her wounds. Four of the dead were children. The number of wounded people have been reported by "Hürriyet" to be 66, some of whom were policemen. Deputy Prime Minister Beşir Atalay later said the wounded numbered 69 people. 17 of the injured people were hospitalized, four of whom were in critical condition.
Perpetrators.
Although there was no claim of responsibility, the bombs were believed by Turkish officials to be planted by PKK. However, on 21 August 2012, "Fırat News" announced that PKK had denied responsibility for the attack and claimed that another Kurdish group, the TAK was responsible for the attack. On 21 August, four people were detained in Şanlıurfa and brought to Gaziantep for questioning.
Turkey also investigated whether any countries, such as Iran, were involved in the attack as well.

</doc>
<doc id="36777745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777745" title="Dan Highcock">
Dan Highcock

Dan Highcock (born 5 December 1981) is a British wheelchair basketball player. He was selected to play for Team GB in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
Personal life.
Highcock was born on 5 December 1981 in St Helens, Merseyside. He was born with Avascular necrosis (a disease where there is necrosis of bone components due to interruption of the blood supply) from the hip.
Wheelchair basketball.
Highcock was introduced to wheelchair basketball by his physical education (PE) teacher at the age of 13, and has played ever since. He was selected for the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, but was dropped from the team shortly before they were meant to fly there. He was selected for the London 2012 Summer Paralympics after representing Great Britain at two World Championships. He first played for the Liverpool Meteors for five years. Since then he has played in Italian, Spanish and British wheelchair basketball teams.
Highcock played his first championship in 2005, the European Championships, held in Paris, France. He finished in second-place position, winning a silver. The following year, he participated in the 2006 World Championships, which were held in Amsterdam, in the Netherlands. Along with his team, he finished in fifth place position. In the 2007 European Championships, in Wetzlar, Netherlands, he won silver. He participated in the 2009 European Championships held in Adana, Turkey, the following year. His team managed to get in bronze medal position. In the 2010 World Wheelchair Basketball Championships held in Birmingham, he was in fifth position along with his team. In the 2011 European Championships, held in Nazareth, Israel, there was a victory. Along with his team, he reached the gold medal position; winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36777748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777748" title="The Ukulele Experience, Volume One">
The Ukulele Experience, Volume One

The Ukulele Experience, Vol. One is the fourth studio album (in the U.S) by singer/songwriter Jonny Blu, released in the United States on July 20, 2012, by Dao Feng Music. It is Jonny Blu's first album of ukulele based folk and pop music and contains a mix of original songs by Jonny Blu and some pop standards. The album was recorded in 2012 at Dao Feng Studios in Toluca Lake, California and was mixed and mastered by Myke Aaron at Soundcubed Studios in Hollywood, CA.

</doc>
<doc id="36777760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777760" title="H2Overdrive">
H2Overdrive

H2Overdrive is a powerboat arcade racing game developed by Specular Interactive and released in 2009 by Raw Thrills. It is considered a spiritual successor to "Hydro Thunder". The game was also released in the People's Republic of China by UNIS (Universal Space).
Gameplay.
Players race using powerboats with various levels of difficulty against other boats, as well as seven other players on nearby cabinets. During the races, players can run into crates that give them power-ups that can range from speed boosts to MegaHull and HullCrusher abilities, which can be used to destroy opposing boats. On the cabinet, a throttle is used to move the boat, instead of pedals. On the throttle, a red button is used to boost the boat. Unlike in "Hydro Thunder", boats can now perform stunts, as well as various acrobatic maneuvers.
The game has a password entry system, which features a number keypad to store game data as the player progresses through the game, and achievements that the player unlocks are available, and players can increase their rank and level until it reaches the highest possible rank/level. The game is played on a 42" LCD screen. 
Development.
The game was developed by Specular Interactive which consisted of former Midway San Diego employees, along with "Hydro Thunder" creator Steve Ranck. It was unveiled by Raw Thrills at the Amusement Trades Exhibition International in January 2009. The game is considered a spiritual successor to "Hydro Thunder", and was originally named "Hydro Thunder 2" before being renamed to its current name; Midway had been intending on creating a sequel to the game, but the plan would later be scrapped. An unrelated game by the same name was developed for the PlayStation 2 by Crave Entertainment in 2003, though the game was never released.

</doc>
<doc id="36777775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777775" title="History of the Czechs in Baltimore">
History of the Czechs in Baltimore

The history of the Czechs in Baltimore dates back to the mid-19th century. The Czech community in Baltimore, Maryland numbered 17,798 as of 2000, making up 0.7% of Baltimore's population.
History.
19th century.
Czech immigration from first began in large numbers after the Revolutions of 1848 in Europe, bringing thousands of Bohemian Forty-Eighters to Baltimore. These upheavals in Europe had also resulted in large numbers of Germans immigrating to Baltimore. The Czech immigrants came from the regions of Bohemia and Moravia, which at the time were part of the Austrian Empire and later the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Because the United States Census Bureau counted the Czechs as "Austrians" up until 1881, it is difficult to know an accurate count for Czech immigrants before that time.
The next great wave of Czech immigrants occurred from the late 1800s through the early 1900s. A thriving community developed starting in the 1870s (construction had commenced in 1867), which was known then as Little Bohemia or Bohemia Village. Numerous rowhouses were built to accommodate the growing Bohemian community. This community continued to grow throughout the 1880s and 1890s. The homes were constructed by Bohemian-born immigrants, most notably the architect Frank Novak (1877-1945). Many of the immigrants who settled here worked as weavers and tailors or owned market stalls.
The majority of the Baltimore Bohemians were Catholics. In 1870 there were around 1,000 Bohemian Catholics and within a decade that number had increased to over 5,000. The St. Wenceslaus parish was organized in 1872 in order to serve the needs of the growing population, becoming the Bohemian National Parish of the Roman Catholic Church in Baltimore.
In 1880, the politician Vaclav Joseph Shimek helped establish the Grand Lodge Č.S.P.S. of Baltimore, the Baltimore chapter of the Czech-Slovak Protective Society. Shimek was the owner of the Bohemian Hall and the six-time president of Sokol Baltimore; he was also instrumental in helping found the National Sokol Organization. Shimek's Bohemian Hall, now the United Baptist Church, was located in the heart of Little Bohemia and was established as a meeting place for the Czech community. Shimek allowed the Hall to be used to hold Knights of Labor meetings for working-class Czech tailors and garment workers.
In 1884, the Grand Lodge Č.S.P.S. of Baltimore constructed the Bohemian National Cemetery, a cemetery for irreligious and Protestant Czechs and Slovaks. While the majority of Baltimore's Bohemians were Catholic, the Czech-Slovak Protective Society was largely composed of secular and religious freethinkers. The cemetery served as an alternative to the Catholic cemeteries that other Bohemians were buried in.
20th century.
The Baltimore "Telegraf", a Czech-language newspaper founded by Vaclav Shimek, began publication on February 20, 1909. The newspaper would continue in print until 1951.
A Czech immigrant living in Little Bohemia named William Oktavec invented screen painting in 1913. Screen painting became a popular form of folk art in Baltimore's immigrant working-class communities; during the peak of screen painting in the 1930s and 1940s there were around 100,000 painted screens by over a 100 artists.
In 1914 the Bohemian Catholics built the church of St. Wenceslaus in Baltimore, which by now had 7,000 members. St. Wenceslaus held services in both the Czech and English languages. At its height in 1920, the parish was the fourth largest Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Baltimore.
In 1915, August Klecka became the first Czech-American to be elected to the Baltimore City Council. Klecka represented Czech voters and ran the Slavic Building and Loan Association.
Construction in Little Bohemia the Czech community continued to grow. By 1927 the construction was finished in Little Bohemia. As the Czech population continued to expand, Czechs began to move into Patterson Park and became an important component of the neighborhood's growth.
In the 1960 United States Census, Czech-Americans comprised 57.5% of Southeast Baltimore's foreign-born population. The Czech community was then centered in Baltimore's Ward 7.
21st century.
While there is still a small Czech population in Baltimore, only a few traces of the community still exist. Little Bohemia no longer exists and many Czechs have moved to the suburbs.
Culture.
Between the 1860s and the 1910s, Bohemians chartered at least 20 building and loan associations. The first Bohemian organization was chartered in 1877, around 20 years after Bohemians started to arrive in the city in large numbers. Some of these associations were Jednota "Blesk", "Vlastimila" (sisters' benevolent union), the "Ctirada", the "Jaromíra", and the "Zlatá Praha" ("Golden Prague").
An annual Czech and Slovak Heritage Festival exists, but it is held outside of Baltimore city in Parkville.

</doc>
<doc id="36777815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777815" title="2013 FIVB Volleyball Men's U21 World Championship">
2013 FIVB Volleyball Men's U21 World Championship

The 2013 FIVB Volleyball Men's U21 World Championship was held in Turkey for ten days, from 22 August to 1 September 2013. This was the first edition of the tournament that features 20 teams.
__TOC__
Competition formula.
The 20 teams will be divided into four pools of five teams each and will play a round-robin tournament. The bottom-ranked team of each pool will play classification matches for 17th-20th place in a round-robin system.
The other 16 teams progress to the Eight Finals which consists of a playoff (1st of Pool A against 4th of Pool B etc.). The winners of the playoff matches will advance to the quarterfinals, semifinals and finals to be classified from 1st to 8th while the losers of playoff match will play classification matches, with a similar quarterfinals, semifinals and finals system, to be classified from 9th to 16th.

</doc>
<doc id="36777840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777840" title="Managerial epidemiology">
Managerial epidemiology

The use of epidemiological tools in health care management can be described as managerial epidemiology. Several formal definitions have been proposed for managerial epidemiology. These include:
History.
The potential value of epidemiology in health care management has long been recognized. Academics were encouraging use of epidemiological methods in health care management for quality improvement and planning before the term ‘managerial epidemiology’ was coined. (See for example Rohrer 1989.) Epidemiology became a required subject in health care management programs and textbooks were written for those courses.
Variations.
An important distinction can be drawn between population epidemiology and clinical epidemiology. If the US health care system had fully evolved in a direction that entailed management of care for populations rather than patients, then the concepts, methods and perspectives drawn from population epidemiology would have been ideal tools for use by managers. This indeed was anticipated by authors of textbooks on managerial epidemiology. (See Dever). In each cycle of health reform, the utility of epidemiology in planning medical services for populations was recognized.
However, the attention of most health care managers remains focused on patients rather than communities. Hospitals do not serve enrolled populations; they serve the patients who are treated in their beds and in the clinics. Consequently, the tools and perspectives of clinical epidemiology may be as or more relevant to health care managers than those drawn from population epidemiology. Managers employing epidemiology in hospitals might not conduct many community surveys. Instead, they would extract clinical information from medical records to analyze variations in outcomes, complications, and services used.
Application.
Methods drawn from clinical epidemiology that are employed in health care management to assess quality and cost include the following. 
Differentiation.
Managerial epidemiology differs from clinical epidemiology in that it addresses the concerns of management. For example, clinical epidemiologists who seek to control hospital-acquired infections would not be engaged in managerial epidemiology unless they described the infections as quality indicators and proposed or tested organizational changes that might reduce infection rates. Another distinction between clinical epidemiology and managerial epidemiology is that while clinical epidemiologists test the efficacy of particular treatments, managers are concerned with how clinical outcomes differ between hospitals, bed sections, clinics, or programs. Information of this kind can lead to reallocation of resources so as to improve efficiency and effectiveness of the organization as a whole.

</doc>
<doc id="36777871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777871" title="Adjunctive behaviour">
Adjunctive behaviour

Adjunctive behaviour occurs when an animal expresses an activity reliably accompannying some other response that has been produced by a stimulus, especially when the stimulus is presented according to a temporally defined schedule. For example, in 1960, psychologist John Falk was studying hungry rats that had been trained to press a lever for a small food pellet. Once a rat had received a pellet, it was obliged to wait an average of one minute before another press of the lever would be rewarded. The rats developed the habit of drinking water during these intervals, but their consumption far exceeded what was expected. Many consumed three to four times their normal daily water intake during a three-hour session, and some drank nearly half of their body weight in water during this time. Further research has revealed that intermittent food presentation to a variety of organisms results in an inordinately excessive consumption of water as well as other behaviours including attack, pica, escape, and alcohol consumption.
In psychological terminology, adjunctive behaviour is non-contingent behaviour maintained by an event which acquires a reinforcing effect due to some other reinforcing contingency. Some usages emphasize the stimulus rather than the responding it engenders (e.g., in rats, food presentations typically produce eating reliably followed by drinking; the drinking is adjunctive and is sometimes said to be induced by the schedule of food presentation).
Use in science.
Adjunctive behaviour has been used as evidence of animal welfare problems. Pregnant sows are typically fed only a fraction of the amount of food they would consume by choice, and they remain hungry for almost the whole day. If a water dispenser is available, some sows will drink two or three times their normal daily intake, and under winter conditions, warming this amount of cold water to body temperature, only to discharge it as dilute urine, involves an appreciable caloric cost. However, if such sows are given a bulky high-ﬁbre food (which under typical circumstances would result in an increase in water intake), they spend much longer eating, and the excessive drinking largely disappears. In this case, much of the sows’ water intake appeared to be adjunctive drinking that was not linked to thirst.

</doc>
<doc id="36777874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777874" title="Powerlifting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Powerlifting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Powerlifting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was held at ExCeL London from 30 August to 5 September, with a maximum of 200 athletes (120 men and 80 women), competing in 20 events. According to the classification rules of the International Federation for Powerlifting athletes which cannot participate in weightlifting events because of a physical impairment affecting their legs or hips are deemed eligible to compete in powerlifting events at the Paralympics.
Events.
There were twenty powerlifting events, corresponding to ten weight classes each for men and women.
Qualification.
There were 120 male and 80 female competitors.

</doc>
<doc id="36777880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777880" title="2013 FIVB Women's Junior World Championship">
2013 FIVB Women's Junior World Championship

The 2013 Women's Junior Volleyball World Championship was held in Czech Republic, for ten days between from 21 to 30 June 2013. This was the first edition of the tournament that features 20 teams.
__TOC__
Competition Formula.
The 20 teams will be divided into four pools of five teams each and will play a round-robin tournament. The bottom-ranked team of each pool will play classification matches for 17th-20th place in a round-robin system.
The other 16 teams progress to the Eight Finals which consists of a playoff (1st of Pool A against 4th of Pool B etc). The winners of the playoff matches will advance to the quarterfinals, semifinals and finals to be classified from 1st to 8th while the losers of playoff match will play classification matches, with a similar quarterfinals, semifinals and finals system, to be classified from 9th to 16th.
Venues.
Kajot Arena and Mestska Hala Micovych Sportu, Brno, Czech Republic.
All-Star Team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36777916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777916" title="Air Côte d'Ivoire">
Air Côte d'Ivoire

Air Côte d'Ivoire is the national airline of Ivory Coast, based in Abidjan. The company succeeded the former country flag carrier Air Ivoire, which went bankrupt in 2011. It started operations on .
History.
The airline was set up on , as a private-public entity, partially owned by Air France —which intended to make Port Bouet Airport a regional hub— and the Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development (AKFED). Air Côte d'Ivoire had an initial capital of CFAF2.5 billion, majority-owned by the government of Ivory Coast (65%), with the balance held by Air France Finance (20%) and Aérienne de Participation-Côte d'Ivoire (15%), an airline holding company of AKFED. The Ivory Coast had had no national carriers since the collapse of Air Ivoire in .
The airline will have "technical, commercial and operational synergies" with Air Mali and Air Burkina, two other airlines associated with the AKFED.
, it was planned for the new company to have 13 flight captains, 12 first officers and 37 cabin crew. The company projects to have a passenger capacity of 330,000 per year.<ref name="Air Côte d’Ivoire/Les premiers vols régionaux en juillet 2012"/>
Corporate affairs.
Ownership.
, the parent entities of the shareholders are:
In , it was reported that the AKFED will withdraw from Air Côte d'Ivoire as other investors increase their shareholdings in the company.
Destinations.
From its hub in Abidjan, the airline has initial plans to operate scheduled services on a network covering nine international destinations in West and East Africa, yet some of them will be flown by sister companies Air Burkina and Air Mali; cities served with Air Côte d'Ivoire own aircraft are expected to include Accra, Conakry, Cotonou and Dakar. Operations commenced on , with the carrier's maiden flight linking Abidjan with Dakar.
, Air Côte d'Ivoire serves the following destinations:
Fleet.
The carrier took delivery of its first aircraft, an ex-Air France Airbus A319 manufactured in 2004, in on lease from Macquarie AirFinance. During the 2013 Dubair Air Show, it was announced the carrier placed a conditional order for up to four Bombardier Q400s. Worth  million, a firm order was announced in . African Export-Import Bank will finance 95% of the acquisition. The carrier plans to use one of these aircraft to replace the E-170 on regional services.
, Air Côte d'Ivoire operated the following aircraft:

</doc>
<doc id="36777919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777919" title="Vera Blanc">
Vera Blanc

Vera Blanc is an English mystery visual novel video game series for the Android, iOS, Linux, Mac OS, and Microsoft Windows platforms, with art in the comic style. The games were developed and published by Winter Wolves. The first game "Vera Blanc: Full Moon" was released on June 30, 2010 and the sequel "Vera Blanc: Ghost In The Castle" on September 1, 2010. There are currently no plans for another sequel of the series.
The first game was ported for iOS on October 13, 2010 and for Android on February 2, 2011. The second game was ported for iOS on November 30, 2010. 
Gameplay.
The player reads through the story and makes decisions at some points. Furthermore, the player has to solve some mysteries with minigames; the protagonist, Vera, for example can sometimes read the minds of other characters, so the player has to guess letters in the style of Hangman to complete the thoughts of them. The player can also disable the minigames and just read the story without them.
Plot.
Vera Blanc: Full Moon.
Vera Blanc, the daughter of Emmanuel Blanc, can read other people's minds. She leaves her life of luxury to use her powers to work alongside paranormal detective Brandon Mackey. Vera travels to a mysterious town in Germany deep in the Black Forest. A serial killer is on the loose, and all leads point to a werewolf as the culprit. 
Vera Blanc: Ghost In The Castle.
Vera travels to a small village in central Italy. The town's legendary ghost seems like nothing more than a quaint story, but a string of murders and suicides all point to the castle's ghost, and locals are getting scared.
Reception.
The first game got 4 out of 5 stars on "Gamezebo" with reviewer Mike Rose writing: "Vera Blanc: Full Moon is well worth a play, and will keep you hooked right through to the end." 
It also got a score of 91/100 on "Technologytell" with reviewer Jenni Lada writing: "Overall, Vera Blanc: Full Moon is an appealing new mystery visual novel. It stands out due to its unorthodox presentation and its supernatural mystery. While the character of Vera may seem a bit too good to be true, the story that players get to investigate is quite intriguing, especially since your choices effect what kind of ending and result you’ll find." 
The second game got 3,5 out of 5 stars on "Gamezebo" with reviewer Mike Rose writing: "Vera Blanc: Ghost in the Castle isn't as well produced as the original, but there's still plenty of fun to be had, and those who played Full Moon will no doubt want to see how Vera's story progresses." 

</doc>
<doc id="36777921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777921" title="BBNG (album)">
BBNG (album)

BBNG is the debut album from Canadian jazz instrumental hip hop band BADBADNOTGOOD. It was released for free download in 2011. The cover artwork was designed and made by Connor Olthuis and Sam Zaret.

</doc>
<doc id="36777924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777924" title="How I Braved Anu Aunty and Co-Founded a Million Dollar Company">
How I Braved Anu Aunty and Co-Founded a Million Dollar Company

How I Braved Anu Aunty and Co-Founded A Million Dollar Company is a novel written by Varun Agarwal, an alumnus of the Bishop Cotton Boys' School, a first generation entrepreneur and the co-founder of Alma Mater. This is his début novel and was published in 2012. The book is now in its fourth re-print and has became a National Bestseller having sold 20,000 copies within a month of its release. The book recently celebrated being on India's best seller list for 80 days.
Varun wrote this book in 8 days during a bout of flu.
Synopsis.
The book is a true story, set in Bangalore, about entrepreneurship and the importance of pursuing your dreams.
Varun, the 20-something protagonist has entrepreneurial dreams but finds that not many people are very receptive of the idea. He is instead asked to follow the well-tread Engineering + MBA route that most people his age seem to have taken. As expected, this route is something that Varun is not very keen on following. Perhaps the biggest threat to Varun's entrepreneurial dreams is "Anu Aunty", the lead character that thwarts his every move. But Varun is not one to be cowed down easily. After a number of alcohol induced conversations with his friend from school and later co-founder of "Alma Mater" - Rohn Malhotra, Varun decides to follow his heart and do something that he wants to do.
The book chronicles how the two of them came up with the idea to start a merchandising company called "Alma Mater" that creates customized clothing and accessories for the alumni of schools and colleges across India. Perhaps the books greatest strength is that it teaches the reader that one can do anything he/she wants to do, irrespective of any compulsions or obligations set or prescribed by society.
The title character, "Anu Aunty" is described by the author as "one of those women who always poked her nose into everyone else's problems and sniffed for one when there was none." Anu aunty is Varun's mother's best friend and plays the role of a middle aged Indian mother, of what she believes to be, an over achieving son. Much to Varun's mother's dismay, Anu aunty repeatedly bellitles Varun, and mocks him for his apparently non ambitious nature. Every step Varun and his friends seem to take seem to be thwarted by Anu aunty.
The book is written in first person, and embodies the spirit with which Varun and his friends put their pub hopping, Facebook stalking, generally loafing ways on the back burner and start a multi million dollar company.
Reception.
The book has been called a commercial success in-spite of being panned by critics.
The author has recently informed to his readers via his Facebook page that he has begun work on a sequel.

</doc>
<doc id="36777947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777947" title="Krissy Krissy">
Krissy Krissy

Krissy Krissy, styled KRISSY KRISSY (born Krislyn Rivera; September 24, 1988 in California) is a pop singer based in Brooklyn, New York. She is known for her 2012 single "Dream", which received airplay on MTV, MTVu, MTV.com, and VEVO.
She released her debut album "Above All" on September 25, 2012.
Childhood.
Born in California, she was raised in Bushwick, Brooklyn and started singing as child.
Career.
In 2011, she signed as Krissy Krissy with Dennis Wynn, at Bigger Than Buildings Management, who also manages Slaughterhouse rapper Joell Ortiz. Her debut album "Above All" was released September 25, 2012.
"Dream".
Her first single, "Dream," debuted at the top of Clear Channel's I Heart Radio platform June 2012. That month, Funkmaster Flex on his website told his fans to check her out, and the song won "MTVu"'s Freshman Pick of the Week on MTV.com. The single was released on iTunes August 16, 2012.
Its video, produced by a local Brooklyn company, RRaW Films, was added to the video rotation of MTVu stores in July 2012. "Dream" was also added to the video rotation on MTV the same month. Formally released August 2012, it also appeared on VEVO's homage, which noted "the Brooklyn newcomer grew up singing in the church but her music sounds great anywhere." In November of that year, "All Hip Hop" magazine featured Krissy
Critical reception.
The Huffington Post's Jon Chattman wrote, "Krissy Krissy has a distinct voice that stands out in a crowd, and by crowd, I mean a music industry with a bunch of pretenders and clones." "MTV Buzzworthy" wrote "“Tracks like “Broken Glass” showcase Krissy’s sultry vocals (we’re feeling some Mary J. Blige soul vibes mixed with some Natasha Bedingfield flair and even a little Mary Mary gospel realness)". The website Vashtie has described her as "a rising star"

</doc>
<doc id="36777949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777949" title="Sigma Zeta">
Sigma Zeta

Sigma Zeta is a national honor society founded in 1925 to recognize undergraduate excellence in the natural sciences, computer science, and mathematics. The society's purpose is to encourage and foster the attainment of knowledge in the natural and computer sciences and mathematics.
History.
Sigma Zeta was founded in the fall of 1925 at the now defunct Shurtleff College as a local organization to provide recognition for Shurtleff science and mathematics students. Soon after that other local campuses took an interest in the group, and following the approval of the petition by McKendree College to start a chapter in June 1926 Sigma Zeta began its growth into a national collegiate honor society. In a letter that appeared in the correspondence section of the American Chemical Society "Journal of Chemical Education" Sigma Zeta was offered as an alternative for small colleges to the existing Sigma Xi honor society which often passed over small colleges for membership as they focused on larger Universities.
Sigma Zeta's annual convention has been held every year since 1926 except for 1943, 1944, and 1945 where it was canceled due to World War II. The first three gatherings were held at the Shurtleff College campus which is now the site of the Southern Illinois University School of Dental Medicine.
Activities.
The annual convention is Sigma Zeta's primary meeting where student members present papers and individual and chapter awards are presented. Individual chapters often undertake activities including the hosting of speakers and service projects to benefit their local communities. These activities can include programs for younger students at local schools helping to promote science education at early ages. Sigma Zeta's disciplinary nature has been described as a benefit for smaller colleges and universities because, "It brings together students from all areas of science and mathematics, including computer science, so they can all work together on projects."
Qualifications for Membership.
Chapters select students for membership that have met the following eligibility criteria:
Chapters.
Chapters in existence are listed in the order they joined Sigma Zeta.
The two associate chapters marked with an asterisk are chapters of Sigma Zeta on community college campuses. Somerset Community College and Alpena Community College are the only two associate chapters with Somerset Community College home to the first.

</doc>
<doc id="36777950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777950" title="Francisco Dosamantes">
Francisco Dosamantes

Francisco Dosamantes (b. October 4, 1911 - d. July 18.1986) was a Mexican artist and educator who is best known for is educational illustrations and graphic work against fascism. He was a founding member of the Taller de Gráfica Popular and the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana.
Life.
Francisco Dosamantes was born in Mexico City on October 4, 1911. His father was Daniel Dosamantes who was a builder, interior decorator and painter. He was not registered into the civil registry until he was about twenty years old on March 6, 1939. His mother’s name is not listed on the certificate. As a child, he demonstrated a strong interest in drawing and color, influenced by his father and his uncle Juan. The Mexican Revolution occurred while he was a young child and he stated that he remembered events such as soldiers on horses charging as well as the execution of rural farm workers.
He attended primary and high school in Mexico City but stated that his education was irregular and deficient. He then entered the Escuela Nacional de Artes Plásticas, where he studied for five years. Initially, however, he was disappointed with the inexperience of the young professors and he left for a short time to study on his own. During this time, some of the dissatisfied professors organized the 30 30 group against the academic system of the school and which whom he sympathized. The effort gained the attention of established artists such as Diego Rivera who intervened.
He died on Mexico City on July 18, 1986.
Career.
After he graduated, he worked with the cultural missions of the Secretaría de Educación Pública in Oaxaca, Michoacán, Guerrero, Colima, Coahuila and Chihuahua (state) from 1932 to 1937 then again from 1941 to 1945. He stated that this experience was vital to his conscience as he worked with rural farm workers and others he stated wer worthy of dignity and respect, but victims of deceit and exploitation. When he returned to Mexico City, he gave classes in high schools from 1937 to 1941. In 1945 he founded and directed the Taller Escuela de Dibujo y Pintura “Joaquín Claussell” in Campeche, Campeche.
Dosamantes was a politically and culturally active artist with most of his work and affiliations related to such. He was a member of the Liga de Escritores y Artistas Revolucionarios from 1934 to 1938. He was a founding member of the Taller de Gráfica Popular, serving as administrator in 1940 and remaining a member until his death except for one short hiatus. He created posters for conferences about fascism and Nazism such as Alemania bajo bayonetas (Germany under bayonets) in 1938. In 1940 he became the secretary general of the Sindicato de Maestros de Artes Plásticas. He was also a member of the Sociedad para el Impulso de las Artes Plásticas en 1948, a founding member of the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana in 1949 and a member of the Frente Nacional de Artes Plásticas from 1952.
He painted a number of murals in rural areas of Mexico generally when he was there on cultural missions. His main mural is at the former home of José María Morelos in Carácuaro, Michoacán, but there are a number at various rural schools. These were all painted between 1941 and 1946.
As a book illustrator he mostly worked for the Secretaría de Educación Pública working on books for literacy campaigns.
He exhibited his works, which included engravings, oils, tempuras and lithographs in Mexico and abroad. His first individual exhibition was in 1930 at the Galeria de Arte Moderno in Mexico City. His major exhibitions include the Excelsior Gallery in Mexico City in 1932, various exhibitions in New York, Washington, Philadelphia and Los Angeles in 1937 and the Gallery of Mexican Art in Mexico City in 1946 and 1948. The most important individual exhibition was the Homenaje 40 Años de Labor event in 1970 at the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana. He also participated in various group exhibitions in Mexico, Cuba, Spain, the U.S. and France.
His work can be found at the Museum of Modern Art and the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, the Latin American Art Museum in Russia, the New York Public Library and the Library of Congress in Washington DC.
Recognitions for his work include a silver medal at the 1929 exhibiotn "Ibero Americana" in Seville, Spain, an honorable mention at the "La Ciudad de México" exhibition in 1949, first place in lithography at the "Asamblea Nacional de Cirujanos" in 1952, a silver medal at the Salón Panamericano de Arte in Porto Alegre, Brazil in 1958 and a win at the Certamen de pintura Mexicana, organized by the Consejo Nacional de Turismo in 1962. In 1981, there was a retrospective of his work at the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana.
Artistry.
He was a painter, book illustrator and engraver. His painting has been described as having "clarity of thematic content, precision of line, simplification of form, and application of color." His best known work is a series of lithographs based on the lives of rural Maya in Campeche, along with a number of politically themed graphic works. He best politically themed work is a lithograph entitled Soldado muerto (Dead soldier) from 1940 which was part of an exhibition called “La Revolución sobre papel: grabados mexicanos 1910-1960” in the British Museum in 2009. Another important lithograph from the same period is Bombardeo, España, 1937 in opposition to the rebellion by Francisco Franco against the Spanish Republic. It has elements similar to Picasso’s later piece related to the bombing of Guernica.

</doc>
<doc id="36777960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777960" title="Eau Claire Dam">
Eau Claire Dam

Eau Claire Dam is a dam in Eau Claire County, Wisconsin, United States.
The concrete gravity dam was dedicated on August 12th, 1937 as the result of the largest Depression-era Works Progress Administration project in the entire state. Also known as the Eau Claire River 2WP224 Dam or the Augusta Dam (it stands about six miles north of Augusta, Wisconsin), the dam was developed on the site of the previous "Main River Dam" as a 24-foot high, 251-foot long structure impounding the Eau Claire River. 
The reservoir it creates, Eau Claire Lake, has a normal surface area of 1.7 square miles, with a maximum capacity of 17,000 acre-feet and normal storage of 7200 acre-feet. Recreation includes fishing (for musky and walleyed pike), boating and swimming. The county operates two units of its Lake Eau Claire County Park north and south of the lake itself.
The dam is one of several in the Eau Claire – Chippewa Falls metropolitan area on the Eau Claire and Chippewa Rivers. As of 2010 the possibility of developing hydroelectric power at this dam was being investigated.

</doc>
<doc id="36777986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777986" title="Lev Bogomolets">
Lev Bogomolets

Lev Konstantinovich Bogomolets (; January 11, 1911, Biysk, Russian Empire — July 10, 2009, Saint Petersburg, Russia) was a Soviet Russian painter, a member of the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists (before 1992 known as the Leningrad Union of Artists), who lived and worked in Saint Petersburg, regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting, most famous for his landscape paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="36777987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777987" title="Stade Denis Sassou Nguesso">
Stade Denis Sassou Nguesso

Stade Denis Sassou Nguesso is a multi-use stadium in Dolisie, Republic of the Congo. It is used for football matches and serves as the home of AC Léopard of the Congo Premier League. It holds 20,000 spectators. 

</doc>
<doc id="36777997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36777997" title="Worldwide Healthcare Trust">
Worldwide Healthcare Trust

Worldwide Healthcare Trust () is a large British investment trust dedicated to investing in a portfolio of biotechnology and healthcare companies around the World. Established in 1995, the company is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. The Chairman is Martin Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="36778059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778059" title="John Hele (disambiguation)">
John Hele (disambiguation)

John Hele (1626 – 1661) was an English lawyer and politician.
John Hele may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36778062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778062" title="Pune Plant (Tata Motors)">
Pune Plant (Tata Motors)

Pune Plant is a commercial and passenger vehicle manufacturing facility located in Pune, Maharashtra; owned and operated by Tata Motors. The plant manufactures various commercial vehicles, and the Indigo, and Indica passenger vehicle models.
About.
The Pune unit is spread over two geographical regions- Pimpri (800 acres) and Chinchwad (130 acres). It was established in 1966 and has a Production Engineering Division, which has one of the most versatile tool making facilities in the Indian sub-continent. It houses a vehicle manufacturing complex which is one of the most integrated automotive manufacturing centres in India; producing a large variety of individual items and aggregates. It is engaged in the design and manufacture of sophisticated press tools, jigs, fixtures, gauges, metal pattern and special tools, as well as models for the development of new ranges of automobile products. Its capabilities have enabled Tata Motors to introduce new products and improve existing ones without resorting to imports of dies or fixtures.
Over the years, this division has designed and manufactured automated dies, fixtures and welding equipment. Its large design group has some of the latest CAD facilities and manufacturing facilities consisting of light and heavy CNC machine shops, jig boring room, plastic template shop, wood pattern and model pattern shop, five axis precision machine tools and laser control machines. To cope with such a diverse range, four assembly lines have been established, three for commercial vehicles, and one for passenger vehicles(Tata Indica and Indigo).
The Passenger Car Division in 'K' block executes the entire process of car manufacture over five shops - the engine shop, the transmission shop, press and body shops, paint shop and the trim and final assembly shop. The shops are fully automated ensuring that there is minimal chance for error in the manufacturing processes. After the car is completely assembled, it goes through several checks like wheel alignment, sideslip test, brake test, shower test, and a short test run before it is ready for dispatch. All systems such as materials management, maintenance and other activities are computerized, enabling smooth operations and minimum inventory needs.
The Electronics Division is engaged in the production of a wide variety of machine tool controllers, test rig instrumentation, servomotors, proximity switches. In addition, it has developed a number of components such as flashers, horns, timers that are used in Tata's passenger and commercial vehicles.
Industry experts rate the fully automated foundries at Chinchwad and Maval against others worldwide. The Iron Foundry at Chinchwad produced 37,000 Tons of high precision castings in 2006-2007 while the Iron Foundry at Maval produced 14,000 Tons of spheroidal Iron castings in 2006-2007. These include cylinder blocks, cylinder heads, gear box housing, etc. For overseas demand; an Aluminium Foundry with an annual capacity of 3,300 tonnes has also been established.
It is widely believed that the new Land Rover Defender will be assembled at the Pune Plant, as well as plants in the United Kingdom and elsewhere, when it is released in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="36778071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778071" title="List of Khattaks">
List of Khattaks

This is a list of people of the Khattak Pashtun tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="36778097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778097" title="Henriett Koósz">
Henriett Koósz

Henriett Koósz (born 14 February 1980, Köszeg) is an Austrian wheelchair tennis player.
Early life and career.
Henriette Koósz is a paraplegic since a car accident in October 1997. She started without previous knowledge with wheelchair tennis at the age of 24. In December 2005, she started with the participation of international and national tournaments. In 2007, she was in the B squad and taken 2010 in the A-squad of the Austrian national wheelchair tennis team. Koósz won 2009 the national championship in women's doubles with her partner Anette Baldauf for the first time. 2010 she became national champion in women's singles.

</doc>
<doc id="36778099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778099" title="Paal Frisvold (born 1908)">
Paal Frisvold (born 1908)

Paal Frisvold (1908–1997) was a Norwegian military officer. He was born in Harstad. He was among the group of central persons who developed military resistance in Norway in 1940 and 1941, eventually leading to the formation of Milorg. In March 1941 he had to flee to Sweden. He was staff leader at the Norwegian police troops in Sweden in 1945. From 1958 he was assigned chief of the Norwegian Army, with the rank of Lieutenant General.

</doc>
<doc id="36778102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778102" title="1992 Lyon Grand Prix – Singles">
1992 Lyon Grand Prix – Singles

Pete Sampras was the defending champion and successfully defended his title, beating Cédric Pioline 6–4, 6–2 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36778123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778123" title="Gaz Choudhry">
Gaz Choudhry

Gaz Choudhry (born 23 June 1985) is a British wheelchair basketball player. He was selected to play for Paralympics GB in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
Personal life.
Choudhry was born on 23 June 1985 in Karachi, Pakistan. He was made an amputee (body extremity was removed due to trauma, prolonged constriction, or surgery) when he was ten years old. He moved to Ealing in London with his family when he was thirteen, and attended Walford High School.
Wheelchair basketball.
Choudhry began playing wheelchair basketball at the age of thirteen, after seeing a roadshow from the Great Britain Wheelchair Basketball Association. Since then, he has been involved in the sport. He is a class 4.0 wheelchair basketball player. When he competed at a young age, he represented Great Britain in many international tournaments. He won two gold and silver medals at a young age. He was chosen in the All Star team for the European Championships in Adana, southern Turkey.
In 2008, Choudhry was chosen as a reserve for the 2008 Summer Paralympic Games, held in Beijing. Recently before that he had moved to play for a team in Porto Torres, Italy. Choudhry has only competed in two major championships, other than being a reserve (substitute) in the Beijing Paralympics of 2008. His first major championship was the 2010 World Wheelchair Basketball Championship. This championship was held in Birmingham. Along with his team, Choudhry finished in fifth place; out of the medals. However, in 2011, he participated in the 2011 European Championships which were held in Nazareth, northern Israel. This championship was a victory for Great Britain, the team which Choudhry was playing in the championship. He won a gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36778128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778128" title="Jacques Philippe de Choiseul-Stainville">
Jacques Philippe de Choiseul-Stainville

Jacques Philippe de Choiseul (6 September 1727, Lunéville - 2 June 1789, Strasbourg) was a French Marshal of France, general and nobleman. He became count and then in 1786 duke of Choiseul-Stainville (inheriting it from his elder brother Étienne François, duc de Choiseul) and baron of Dommanges.
Life.
Jacques Philippe came from the House of Choiseul, a noble family dating back to the 12th century and originating in Choiseul in Haute-Marne. This famous family produced five marshals, one cardinal, two bishops and several statesmen. As a young man he served in the army of empress Maria Theresa and after becoming captain in a dragoon regiment he was made a commander of the Order of Saint Stephen, chamberlain to Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor, colonel of a regiment of light cavalry, major general and lieutenant field marshal in 1759. 
In 1760 he resigned his imperial titles and joined the French army, in which he was made lieutenant general. He was put under the command of the marshal de Broglie. He continued serving in Germany until the end of the Seven Years' War and was giving the posts of commanding inspector of the French grenadier regiment ("régiment des grenadiers de France") and inspector general of infantry
In 1770 he was made governor general of Lorraine and on 13 June 1783 he was made marshal of France. In 1788 he was made governor general of Alsace. He was made knight of the Orders of the King on 2 February 1786 and 'brevet' duke of Stainville the same year. He died at Strasbourg at 1789 aged 61.
His daughter Marie Thérèse de Choiseul married Prince Joseph of Monaco.

</doc>
<doc id="36778137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778137" title="Sergei Babkov">
Sergei Babkov

Sergei Fedorovich Babkov (; December 28, 1920, Zlatoust, Soviet Russia; October 6, 1993, Saint Petersburg, Russia) was a Soviet Russian painter, a member of the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists (before 1992 — the Leningrad Union of Artists), who lived and worked in Leningrad, regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting, most famous for his genre and portrait paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="36778159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778159" title="Drumburgh railway station">
Drumburgh railway station

Drumburgh railway station was a railway station near Drumburgh, Cumbria; the junction station for the Port Carlisle Railway branch and the Silloth branch, serving both as a junction and transfer station and also serving the small village of Drumburgh. The station closed on 4 July 1955; nothing now remains of the station. The line to Silloth closed on 7 September 1964 as part of the Beeching cuts. Port Carlisle was two and a half miles away by train and Glasson was one and a quarter miles away. The journey time was nine minutes, although Glasson was a request stop.
History.
In 1819 a port was constructed at Port Carlisle and in 1821, the Carlisle Navigation Canal. was built to take goods to Carlisle. The canal was closed in 1853 and much of it was infilled by the Port Carlisle Railway Company who constructed a railway that started passenger services in 1854, discontinuing them two years later when the Carlisle & Silloth Bay Railway & Dock Company's (C&SBRDC) new railway to Silloth opened, utilising the Port Carlisle Branch as far as Drumburgh. A brief resurgence of business at Port Carlisle had taken place upon the opening of the railway, taken away however by the new port at Silloth and the transfer of the steamer service to Liverpool.
To reduce costs a horse-drawn service was provided in 1856 between Drumburgh, Glasson, and Port Carlisle, however in 1914 steam power was introduced; finally to try and avoid closure a steam railmotor called 'Flower of Yarrow' was built and this service to Port Carlisle railway station via Drumburgh lasted until the branch was closed in 1932. Freight services to Port Carlisle had been withdrawn in 1899. The Port Carlisle Railway Company had agreed to supply a locomotive if the C&SBRDC provided rolling stock. The North British Railway leased the line from 1862, it was absorbed by them in 1880, and then taken over by the London and North Eastern Railway in 1923.
Four horse-drawn 'Dandy cars' built by the North British Railway. The Dandy car was originally preserved at Carlisle, before being moved to the National Railway Museum at York. The Port Carlisle line became a day tourist attraction to Carlisle Victorians. 
The 'Flower of Yarrow' Sentinel Railcar used on the line was driven by James Grey with T. Jackson as the fireman worked on the Port Carlisle Railway in 1932 before its final closure.
On 23 October 1950 a passenger train derailed near Drumburgh killing the Driver & Fireman.
Drumburgh remained open as a station and passing point on the Silloth branch until it closed on 4 July 1955, some years before Silloth railway station. A stub end of track was left in place running towards Glasson.
Infrastructure.
The station sat to the south of the village, reached by minor road; it had a single central or island platform, a shelter and a signal box. A siding was present nearby on the line to Glasson. At Canal Junction the Port Carlisle line made an end on junction with the earlier goods branch from London Road and it was this section on to Drumburgh (pronounced drum-bruff) that was taken over by the Carlisle & Silloth Bay Railway & Dock Company. Immediately west of Drumburgh station the line branched off from the line to Silloth, passing under a minor road to Port Carlisle. The branch ran close to the south bank of the Solway Firth and the course of Hadrians Wall at Glasson and elsewhere, heading over low ground to the terminus of the line at Port Carlisle. 

</doc>
<doc id="36778173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778173" title="Quassar">
Quassar

Quassar was a Mexican airline which operated from 1992 to 1995. It operated scheduled and charter services throughout Mexico and the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="36778200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778200" title="New Smithy">
New Smithy

New Smithy is a hamlet in Derbyshire, England, near the village and in the parish of Chinley. It sits on the A624 trunk road from Glossop to Chapel-en-le-Frith featuring a TOTSO where left carries one down to Chapel and right heads to Chinley. There is a railway bridge over the turning, used for both freight and passengers, on the Hope Valley Line to Sheffield and Buxton; very close down the line is Chinley railway station. Next to this the Crown & Mitre pub is the main landmark and there are a couple of residential housing streets and terraces, and one or two businesses. The hamlet has an industrial past, along with the neighbouring village of Hayfield. New Smithy's Maynestone Mill was finally demolished in 1946, almost 500 years after it was opened in 1452.
New Smithy is in a hilly area (being in the Peak District); geographical features include Bole Hill, Mount Famine, South Head, Eccles Pike, Mag Low, Chinley Churn, the River Sett and Combs Reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="36778223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778223" title="Guy André Pierre de Montmorency-Laval">
Guy André Pierre de Montmorency-Laval

Guy-André-Pierre de Montmorency-Laval (21 September 1723, château de Bayers - 22 September 1798, Paris), 1st duke of Laval, first baron of Marche, marquis de Lezay was a French general and marshal of France. He was the brother of Louis-Joseph de Montmorency-Laval, cardinal-bishop of Metz.
Life.
Initially styled the marquis of Laval, he joined the musketeers on 1 January 1741, serving in the Flanders campaign in 1742. On 4 April 1743 he bought a commission to command a cavalry company in the régiment de Royal-Pologne. On 27 June 1743 he fought at and on 22 August that year was commissioned as colonel of an infantry regiment that was renamed after him. In 1744 he was present at the capture of Wissembourg and of the Loutre lines, at the attack on the trenches at Suffelsheim and the siege of Fribourg. He took part in the capture of Cronenbourg in March 1745. He joined the French army in Flanders, taking part in the regiment 

</doc>
<doc id="36778229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778229" title="Ian Sagar">
Ian Sagar

Ian Sagar (born 29 March 1982) is a British wheelchair basketball player. He was selected to play for Team GB in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. He has a broken spinal cord.
Personal life.
Sagar was born in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England. He currently lives in Barnsley, South Yorkshire. In 1999, he had a motorcycle accident, breaking his spinal cord. He is going to be in a wheelchair (disabled) for his entire life, as he will not recover from breaking his spinal cord.
Wheelchair basketball.
Sagar began playing wheelchair basketball in 2006, when he was 24 years old. He was introduced to wheelchair basketball after he worked as a salesman for RGK, a manufacturer of sports wheelchairs. He first played for the Sheffield Steelers wheelchair basketball team at the age of 23, and played for three years. Sagar now plays for the Tameside Owls. Sagar also plays for a Spanish wheelchair basketball team in Toledo. He made his Great Britain debut in 2008.
Sagar played his first championship at the European Championships in Adana, Turkey in 2009. Along with his team, he finished in the bronze medal position; third place. In 2010 he played at the World Wheelchair Basketball Championships in Birmingham. He finished in fifth place, out of the medals. In 2011 he had his first success, at the 2011 European Championships in Nazareth, northern Israel. He finished in first place; winning gold, along with his team. He was picked for the Great British Team (Team GB) in the 2012 Summer Paralympics, held on home ground in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36778248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778248" title="Chelsea Park (Sheffield)">
Chelsea Park (Sheffield)

Chelsea Park is a small public park located in the south west of Sheffield in the suburb of Nether Edge. It is listed as one of the city's Historic Parks, and was originally laid out as the private gardens to Brincliffe Towers in 1852. It was given to the people of Sheffield in 1935 by a former Lord Mayor and Alderman William Styring.
The original small playground from 1966 was replaced, alongside a canopy and basketball area, in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36778249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778249" title="Henri Joseph Bouchard d'Esparbès de Lussan d'Aubeterre">
Henri Joseph Bouchard d'Esparbès de Lussan d'Aubeterre

Henri Joseph Bouchard d'Esparbès de Lussan (24 January 1714 - 28 August 1788), marquis d'Aubeterre, baron de Saint-Quentin, was a French general and marshal.

</doc>
<doc id="36778250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778250" title="1946–47 Western Football League">
1946–47 Western Football League

The 1946–47 season was the 45th in the history of the Western Football League.
The league was once again split into two divisions for the first time since the 1938–39 season, with seventeen new clubs having joined. The champions for the second time in their history were Trowbridge Town, and the winners of Division Two were Clandown. A system of automatic promotion and relegation was introduced for the first time, and due to the severe winter, several fixtures were not fulfilled and the season was abandoned on 5 June 1947.
Final tables.
Division One.
Division One consisted of eighteen clubs: eleven from the previous season's single division were joined by seven new clubs. All had been members of the league before the war and had left in 1939, except for Bath City Reserves and Wells City, who had left in 1940.
Division Two.
Division Two consisted of thirteen clubs: three from the previous season's single division (Clandown, Douglas and Soundwell) were joined by ten new clubs:
1 The system of using goal average to separate two teams tied on points was used up to and including the 1976–77 season.
2 The points system: 2 points for a win, 1 point for a draw and 0 points for losing.
3 The tables as published at the time contained errors, hence the totals do not balance in some columns.

</doc>
<doc id="36778259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778259" title="Thomas von Westen">
Thomas von Westen

Thomas von Westen (13 September 1682 – 9 April 1727) was a Norwegian Lutheran priest and missionary. He was born in Trondheim. He was an active particiant of the pietist association "Syvstjernen", along with his friend Nils Engelhart. He was also a pioneer of Christian mission among Sami people in Norway. He founded the school "Seminarium domesticum", a model for the later Seminarium Lapponicum.

</doc>
<doc id="36778264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778264" title="Iván Mancilla">
Iván Mancilla

Presbyter Iván Mancilla, "Cura Párroco" (born Dagoberto Iván Mancilla Bustos, 13 December 1964) is a Chilean Roman Catholic priest. He is currently in charge of the Parish of St. Nicholas of Tolentino in La Estrella, Cardenal Caro Province, O'Higgins Region, Chile.
Biography.
Dagoberto Iván Mancilla Bustos was born on 13 December 1964 in the commune of Providencia, Santiago Metropolitan Region, Chile. His parents were Isaac Mancilla Ruiz and Luzmira Bustos Navarro.
Iván Mancilla is in charge of the Parish of St. Nicholas of Tolentino (Parroquia de San Nicolás de Tolentino), and of the sixteen chapels it comprises: Mallermo, La Aguada, Las Damas, El Cajón, La Patagüilla, Los Pasillos, El Pigüelo, San Miguel de Los Llanos, San Miguel de Viluco, Guadalao, Las Chacras, San Rafael, Pulín, Coipué, Costa del Sol, and Los Cardillos.
He began working as a religion teacher at the Liceo Agustín Ross Edwards of Pichilemu in 1993. According to the Liceo Agustín Ross Edwards website, it was the public high school with the most students in the religion class in the Region of Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins. He worked at the high school until October 2009. He continued to work as a teacher at the Colegio de la Preciosa Sangre de Pichilemu.

</doc>
<doc id="36778265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778265" title="2012 Chios forest fire">
2012 Chios forest fire

The 2012 Chios forest fire was a wildfire that broke out in the southern half of the Greek island of Chios shortly after 2 a.m. on Saturday 18 August 2012.
Early on 18 August the people of two villages in southern Chios were evacuated as a safety measure, and the blaze threatened the army base near Vessas. By the evening of 20 August it was reported that a total of nine villages had been evacuated as the fire continued to advance.
By Monday 20 August local authorities reported that 7000 hectares (16,000 acres) of forest and farmland had been destroyed. Official reports on 20 August added that many mastic trees in "Mastichochoria" region had been burned, the only world source of mastic resin, used in food, cosmetics and medicines. The beekeepers of Chios had lost 60 percent of their hives. 
About 360 firefighters, soldiers and volunteers were trying to control and extinguish the fires with the use of water-bombing planes and helicopters as well as 50 vehicles. The Greek government had asked for the help of aircraft from Spain and Italy to help not only with this but six other forest fires that broke out elsewhere in Greece on 19 August and five more on 20 August.
Already on 18 August smoke from the fire was visible as far south as Crete, nearly 100 kilometers (60 miles) away.

</doc>
<doc id="36778279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778279" title="2012–13 Nevada Wolf Pack men's basketball team">
2012–13 Nevada Wolf Pack men's basketball team

The 2012–13 Nevada Wolf Pack men's basketball team represented the University of Nevada, Reno during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Wolf Pack, led by fourth year head coach David Carter, played their home games at the Lawlor Events Center and were new members of the Mountain West Conference. They finish with a record of 12–19 overall, 3–13 in Mountain West play to finish in last place. They lost in the first round of the in the Mountain West Tournament to Wyoming.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2013 Mountain West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="36778282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778282" title="1993 NHRA Winston Drag Racing Series season">
1993 NHRA Winston Drag Racing Series season


</doc>
<doc id="36778284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778284" title="Academy Fantasia, Season 5">
Academy Fantasia, Season 5

Academy Fantasia, Season 5 is the fifth season of "Academy Fantasia" which premiered on True Visions on May, 2008.
Auditions.
There were three channel for auditions, Live, Online and Academic institutions audition. The contestants were required to between the ages of 15 to 25 years old who are not embedded with music recording contracts.
The Live Auditions were held in the following cities:
Concert summaries.
Top 14 - Semi Finals (Week 2).
Group Performances
Finalists.
In order of elimination.
"(ages stated are at time of competition)"
Summaries.
Professional trainers.
Principal
Voice Trainers
Dance Trainers
Acting Trainers

</doc>
<doc id="36778285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778285" title="Irina Avvakumova">
Irina Avvakumova

Irina Avvakumova "(née Taktaeva)" (; born 14 September 1991 in Myza, Leningrad Oblast) is a Russian ski jumper and several times National Champion. Avvakumova is the overall winner of the 2012/13 Continental Cup. At the Winter Universiade 2013 Avvakumova won the gold medal in the team event and the bronze medal in the individual competition.
Sports career.
In 2005, Avvakumova changed from cross country skiing to ski jumping.
In 2011, she took part in her first World Cup event in Lillehammer, placing 40th.
In 2012, her best World Cup results are the 13th and 14th position in Zao (3 March 2012) and Hinzenbach (4 February 2012) respectively. With her Russian team she placed 11th in Lillehammer (23 November 2012).
At the Summer Grand Prix Ski Jumping Final in Almaty (23 September 2012) Avvakumova won the silver medal.
In 2012/13 Avvakumova was the winner of the Continental Cup, taking part in four events and winning three of them in Örnköldsvik.
In 2013, she represented Russia in the World Championships in Val di Fiemme and placed 13th in the individual ranking and 9th in the team ranking.
At the Summer Grand Prix events in 2013, Avvakumova achieved top ten positions in Hinterzarten (8th) and Courchevel (10th).
In the World Cup series Avvakumova established herself among the world's best female jumpers placing third and second at Hinterzarten (21 and 22 December 2013).
On 4 January 2014 she won the World Cup event in Chaykovsky, Russia, becoming the first Russian ski jumper (both male and female) to ever win the World Cup event.
Avvakumova's coaches are Konstantin Shaitanov, Roman Kerov and Roman Pashkin.
Higher education.
Since 2009 Avvakumova has studied sports at the Moscow State Academy of Physical Education, Youth and Tourism МГАФК (Московская государственная академия физической культуры, formerly known as МОГИФК) in Malakhovka.
Private life.
Avvakumova lives in Chulkovo (Чулково), a small village south east of Moscow. Her mother Svetlana (Светлана Сергеевна Тактаева) is a teacher at the СОШ №20, the local high school Irina attended.
In Russian media and in several rankings, Avvakumova's maiden name Taktaeva (also Taktayeva, Russian Тактаева) is also used or rather used again. On 23 December 2011, Irina Taktaeva married Maxim Avvakumov and from 2012/2013 on all rankings should have changed to Avvakumova, as did the FIS ranking.
In her new VK account, however, Irina reverted to her maiden name and explains that she is divorced.
Irina's father's surname, Taktaev, is of Tatar origin and her father Andrey is from Izhevsk (Ижевск), but Irina herself emphasizes that she is completely Russian.

</doc>
<doc id="36778286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778286" title="1682 in Norway">
1682 in Norway

Events in the year 1682 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="36778289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778289" title="Princess Christina Margarethe of Hesse">
Princess Christina Margarethe of Hesse

Princess Christina Margarethe of Hesse (; 10 January 1933 — 22 November 2011) was the eldest daughter of Prince Christoph of Hesse and Princess Sophie of Greece and Denmark. From 1956 to 1962, she was married to Prince Andrew of Yugoslavia, with whom she had two children. Her second marriage to Robert Floris van Eyck, a Dutch artist based in London, lasted from 1962 to 1986.
Family background and early life.
Princess Christina Margarethe of Hesse was born on 10 January 1933 at the Kronberg Castle in Kronberg im Taunus, Germany. She was the eldest child of Prince Christoph of Hesse (14 May 1901 — 7 October 1943) and Princess Sophie of Greece and Denmark (26 June 1914 — 3 November 2001), the elder sister of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. She had four siblings: Princess Dorothea (born 1934), Prince Karl (born 1937), Prince Rainer (born 1939) and Princess Clarissa (born 1944). Although the German Empire had been abolished in 1918, Christina Margarethe and her siblings all received the title of Prince or Princess of Hesse, and were styled "His" or "Her Highness".
Prince Christoph occupied high positions in Nazi Germany and the Nazi Party, serving as the chief of Hermann Göring's secret intelligence service, an aide to Heinrich Himmler, and a member of the Schutzstaffel (SS). During World War II, he was a major of the Luftwaffe. Prince Christoph died on 7 October 1943 in an airplane crash in the Apennine mountains near Forlì, Italy. Following the death of her husband, Princess Sophie remarried Prince George William of Hanover in 1946. Christina Margarethe gained three half-siblings from this marriage: Prince Welf Ernst (1947-1981), Prince Georg (born 1949) and Princess Friederike (born 1954).
Christina Margarethe was a descendant of Victoria of the United Kingdom and Prince Albert through both her father and her mother. (Through her father she was the great-granddaughter of their eldest child, Victoria, Princess Royal, and through her mother, the great-great-granddaughter of their 2nd daughter, Princess Alice of the United Kingdom.) Christina's ancestors also include German emperors Frederick III and William I, Danish king Christian IX, Greek king George I, and Russian emperor Nicholas I. Via her mother, Christina Margarethe was a niece of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, a first cousin of Charles, Prince of Wales, Anne, Princess Royal, Prince Andrew, Duke of York, and Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex, and a first cousin once removed of Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, and Prince Harry.
First marriage.
Princess Christina Margarethe of Hesse married Prince Andrew of Yugoslavia, the youngest son of Alexander I of Yugoslavia and Princess Maria of Romania, on 2 August 1956 in Kronberg im Taunus, Germany. They had two children:
The family lived in London, where Prince Andrew had lived in exile after the fall of the monarchy in Yugoslavia. In 1962, Andrew filed for divorce on the grounds of adultery. The divorce was finalized on 31 May 1962, and Andrew received custody of the couple's two children, Princess Maria Tatiana and Prince Christopher. Christina Margarethe soon married her lover Robert Floris van Eyck. While Princess Christina was condemned for her adultery, Prince Andrew himself had a lover, Princess Kira of Leiningen (18 July 1930 – 24 September 2005), daughter of Grand Duchess Maria Kirillovna of Russia. Andrew had already fathered a child with Kira at the time of his divorce from Christina.
Second marriage.
Shortly after divorcing her first husband, Christina Margarethe married her lover Robert Floris van Eyck, a London–based Dutch artist of Jewish and Latin ancestry, on 3 December 1962. Van Eyck was the son of poet, critic, essayist and philosopher Pieter Nicolaas van Eyck, and the brother of architect Aldo van Eyck. The couple had two children:
Christina Margarethe and Van Eyck separated in 1985, and divorced on 3 February 1986.
Titles and styles.
Her title are translated in German as "Ihre Hoheit Prinzessin Christina Margarethe von Hessen" and "Ihre Königliche Hoheit Prinzessin Andreas von Jugoslawien", and in Serbian as "Njeno visočanstvo princeza Kristina Margareta od Hesea" and "Njeno kraljevsko visočanstvo princeza Kristina Margareta od Jugoslavije" (Cyrillic: "Њено височанство принцеза Кристина Маргарета од Хесеа" and "Њено краљевско височанство принцеза Кристина Маргарета од Југославије").

</doc>
<doc id="36778352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778352" title="List of academic journals by preprint policy">
List of academic journals by preprint policy

This is a list of academic journals by their submission policies regarding the use of preprints prior to publication, such as the arXiv and bioRxiv. Journals focusing on physics and mathematics are excluded because they routinely accept manuscripts that have been posted to preprint servers.

</doc>
<doc id="36778368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778368" title="HD 202951">
HD 202951

HD 202951 is a K-type star (, which is also a variable star, is) located in the constellation of Equuleus.

</doc>
<doc id="36778369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778369" title="Anatoli Levitin">
Anatoli Levitin

Anatoli Pavlovich Levitin (; July 16, 1922, Moscow, Soviet Russia) is a Soviet Russian painter and art educator, People's Artist of the Russian Federation, a member of the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists (before 1992 — the Leningrad Union of Artists), who lived and worked in Saint Petersburg and Krasnoyarsk, regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting, most famous for his genre and portrait paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="36778372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778372" title="Wang Jing (Three Kingdoms)">
Wang Jing (Three Kingdoms)

Wang Jing (died 260) was a soldier, politician of the Cao Wei of the Chinese three Kingdoms period.
His style name is 彦緯.
Life.
Born the son of a farmer's family, Wang Jing is a feature in the historical records of Cui Lin (崔林)(d. 244). Cui Lin was from the same Province as Wang Jing. Wang Jing and 許允 are historical figures of note, they enjoy some fame. Wang Jing was a government servant living in the Capital of (???). Following his service in the Capital city, Wang Jing returned to his hometown and took the position of governor of Jianxia (江夏太守). 
While serving as governor, General-in-Chief (大將軍) Cao Shuang(曹爽) ordered Wang Jing to develop trade using silk fabrics the General provided to trade with the Eastern Wu. Wang Jing refused Cao Shuang's order. Jing resigned his position and returned to his hometown. Jing's mother, in order to punish him for his negligence to his duties beat him with a club fifty times in front of his subordinates. 
Cao Shuang, having knowledge of the beating Jing suffered did not take any further disciplinary action against Wang Jing. Wang Jing's mother had told him, "Even though you are of humble origin you rose to the office of Administrator, however, being undeserving of this office you might only cause disaster. You must resign from government service now."
Wang Jing refused to take his mother's stern advice. Jing continued in government service and was eventually promoted to the Inspector of Yong Province (雍州刺史).
In 255, Jiang Wei(姜維) of Shu Han invaded Longxi (隴西), Chen Tai(陳泰), (a General who attacked the west), (征西將軍), issued orders for Wang Jing to be stationed on Didao (狄道) and to prepare to defend against the attack Jiang Wei was mounting. Wang Jing was sorely defeated by Jiang Wei's army and Wang Jing's army lost as many as ten thousand soldiers during the siege of Didao (狄道). However, Wang Jing held out, he survived until he was rescued by Chen Tai. Wang Jing was reported to have said, "With only 10 days supplies remaining, if we are not relieved, the result will be the loss of the castle, and then the entire region of Yong Province (雍州) will be lost as well."
Wang Jing continued to ascend in government service and once again he was called to the Capital and was promoted to metropolitan commandant (司隷校尉) and held the title of Imperial Secretariat (尚書) as well. Chen Tai said that Wang Jiang should not have engaged directly in battle with Jiang Wei's army, but instead Jing should have concentrated on defending the Didao (狄道).
In 260 the Sima(司馬) family had gathered such considerable power that the Emperor, Cao Mao, summoned top officials including Wang Jing and said that he himself, (the Emperor), would lead the empire's soldiers and he would personally kill Sima Zhao. 
Wang Jing, acting as the Imperial Secretariat (尚書), remonstrated the Emperor saying it was a reckless plan. The Emperor disregarded his advice. 
Wang Shen (王沈) a Palace Attendant (侍中), and Wang Ye (王業) a squire for the Roaming Cavalry units (散騎常侍), wanted to report to Shima Zhao about Cao Mao's plan. Wang Jing refused to participate with the informants and was highly critical of them. After the battles, where Cao Mao was slain, Wang Jing was charged with treason. As punishment, Wang Jing and his entire family were publicly put to death, executed in the streets.
Before he was executed, according to A New Account of the Tales of the World(世説新語), Wang Jing asked his mother to forgive his negligence to his duties and in reflection lamented saying, "If I would have followed the advice of my mother, all of us could have escaped this fate". His mother's rejoinder was spoken with a smile, and she said, "The reason I had demanded you resign from government service was that I could find no compelling reason, no honor to be had, that I should give up my life, to die for what? But now circumstances certainly merit my death. Do I have anyone else to blame but myself?" 
This story exists also in the Romance of the Three Kingdoms.
Xiang Xiong (向雄), one of Wang Jing's subordinates wept and mourned Jing's death. After the execution of Jing and his entire family Xiang Xiong and Huangfu Yan (皇甫晏), also a subordinate of Jing, sold everything they had to pay the funeral expenses for the burial of Wang Jing and Wang Jing's family.

</doc>
<doc id="36778379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778379" title="Mounira Solh">
Mounira Solh

Mounira Solh (19 September 1911 – 27 November 2010) was a pioneer advocate for the rights of women and people with disabilities in Lebanon. She was one of the first women in Lebanon and the Middle East to run for parliament. She ran for a seat in the Parliament of Lebanon in 1960, 1964 and 1968. She was also a humanitarian with decades of volunteer and charity work.
Mounira Solh founded Al Amal Institute for the Disabled in 1959, the first center of its kind in Lebanon and the Arab world. She also founded in 1984 the Association of the Parents of Mentally Disabled Children in Lebanon, the first of its kind in Lebanon.
Life and Work.
Mounira Solh was one of the most prominent female leaders of the demonstrations that led to Lebanon's independence in 1943. 
An advocate of women's rights, she was the first Muslim woman to run for parliamentary elections in Lebanon and probably the Arab world when she ran for a Beirut seat in 1960. She was a candidate to the legislative elections in Lebanon twice after that, in 1964 and 1968. She never won an election.
One of the earliest women to attend university in Lebanon and the Arab world, Mounira Solh graduated in 1933 from the American Junior College for Women (the Lebanese American University today). Soon after, she travelled to Baghdad, Iraq, where she worked as a teacher for two years, contributing to the national school curriculum revamp. On her return to Lebanon in 1935, she married her first cousin, Wahid Solh despite her father's disapproval. She eloped with her new husband to Palestine for a few months before returning home after receiving word that her father had accepted her marriage.
Along with other pioneering women, Mounira Solh worked relentlessly for the advancement of laws pertaining to women and people with disabilities. In 1951, she became a member of the Lebanese Council of Women. She was also active in humanitarian and charity work, and led the national team of relief volunteers to help victims of the Beirut Great Fire in 1956. 
A year after her husband's assassination during the 1958 civil war, Mounira Solh established the Al Amal Institute for the Disabled. She was inspired by her desire to help her son Salim and other children with disability.
In 1968, she became a member of Rehabilitation International, the world's leading organization for disability rights. That same year, she was elected vice-president of the Lebanese Council of Women and in 1970 she became a life member of the International Council of Women.
She earned a special distinction from U.S. President Richard Nixon after attending three annual conferences between 1970 and 1972 of the U.S. President’s Committee on Employment of People with Disabilities, Washington D.C.
In her struggle to advance the rights of women and people with disability, Mounira Solh has officially represented Lebanon at various international conferences around the world including in Lisbon, Tokyo, Sydney and Mexico.
Mounira Solh celebrated in 2009 the 50th anniversary of Al Amal Institute for the Disabled in a Golden Jubilee Ceremony during which a special film on her lifetime achievements and pioneering humanitarian work was screened.
Mounira Solh passed away on November 27, 2010. She was 99 years old.
Her daughter Sana and son Nassib continue to run Al Amal Institute for the Disabled in Broumana, Lebanon.
Family.
Mounira Solh hails from a prominent family which gave Lebanon four prime ministers, Riad Solh, Sami Solh, Takieddine Solh and Rachid Solh. The Solh family is originally from the ancient port city of Sidon in southern Lebanon. Her father, Abdel Rahim Solh, is a Sunni Muslim, and her mother, Mahiba Ashkar, a Maronite Catholic Christian from Broumana, a resort town in the Metn mountains east of Beirut.
Mounira Solh had five children: Samir (had severe disabilities, deceased at a young age), Najla (died from illness at a young age), Salim (had mental disabilities, 1942 - 2002), Sana and Nassib. She had nine grandchildren: Assaad, Nadim and Nayla Razzouk, Nael and Hala Raad, and Wahid, Mounira, Omar and Maria Solh.
Education.
Mounira Solh completed her schooling at the American School in the city of Tripoli, northern Lebanon, in 1929. She later went on to attend the American Junior College for Women (the Lebanese American University today) from where she graduated in 1933.
In 1950, she received a Nursing Certificate from the Lebanese Red Cross. 
In 1975, she was awarded a Diploma for a Study Workshop on Disablement and Rehabilitation from the Selly Oak Colleges in Birmingham, U.K.
Awards and Distinctions.
She also received the following awards:

</doc>
<doc id="36778380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778380" title="Mohammed Christophe Bilek">
Mohammed Christophe Bilek

Mohammed Christophe Bilek (born 1950) is an Algerian former Muslim who lives in France since 1961. Bilek was baptized in 1970 and since then wrote two books: Un algérien pas très catholique (A not very Catholic Algerian), published by Éditions du Cerf (1999) and Saint Augustin raconté à ma fille (Saint Augustine as told to my daughter), published by Éditions Qabel (2011). In the 1990s, he founded the Our Lady of Kabyle (in French), a website devoted to evangelisation among Muslims and Muslim-Christian dialogue.

</doc>
<doc id="36778392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778392" title="Elar Char Adhyay">
Elar Char Adhyay

Elar Char Adhyay is a 2012 Bengali film. The film is directed by Bappaditya Bandopadhyay, produced by Dreamz Movies and Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. and based on Rabindranath Tagore's Char Adhyay.
Plot.
The film is set in India under British Raj in 1940s. Indranath is a leader of a group which is fighting for Indian independence. Ela is the teacher of the group. Ela is caught in a dilemma between her love for Atindra and her commitment towards her country.

</doc>
<doc id="36778399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778399" title="FIH Hockey World League">
FIH Hockey World League

The FIH Hockey World League is an international field hockey competition organised by the International Hockey Federation (FIH). The competition, which is held over two years, also serves as the qualifier for a Hockey World Cup (men and women's) and the Olympic Games.
Format.
Both men and women's tournament have four rounds of competition. For each edition the FIH has decided the amount of events and teams for each round. The number of Round 1 events varies in each cycle depending on the number of participating national teams. Some teams receive a bye depending on the FIH World Rankings at the time of seeking entries, which also varies depending on the edition.

</doc>
<doc id="36778411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778411" title="Jakolof Bay, Alaska">
Jakolof Bay, Alaska

Jakolof Bay is an unincorporated community in Kenai Peninsula Borough, Alaska, United States. As of the 2000 Census, the population was 40. The location of this community is south of the city of Seldovia, across Kachemak Bay from Homer. Jakolof Bay is connected by road with Seldovia but neither community is otherwise accessible by road to the outside world. There is a rough gravel airstrip on the beach which is underwater during some high tides. Jakolof Bay was recognized as a census-designated place in the 1980 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="36778423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778423" title="Angelo D'Emilia">
Angelo D'Emilia

Angelo D'Emilia is the current representative for the 8th Plymouth district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives, which includes Bridgewater, Raynham, and precinct 6 of Easton.
Early Life and Career.
D'Emilia is a lifelong resident of Bridgewater, Massachusetts. He graduated from Bridgewater-Raynham High School in 1984, and became an apprentice bricklayer upon graduating high school. In 1987, D'Emilia founded Spartago Masonry, which became Spartago Enterprises in 1998, a general contracting operation. D'Emilia has also developed real estate ventures such as Downtown Mini-Storage in Bridgewater, Massachusetts.
Political career.
In April 2010, D'Emilia announced that he was running for the 8th Plymouth seat in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. The seat was held by Representative David Flynn, who was retiring at the end of his term. D'Emilia had no primary opposition, and faced Democratic candidate Patricia Lawton in the general election. During the election, D'Emilia faced scrutiny for his resident status in Bridgewater, as he was also listed as the primary resident of a home in nearby Lakeville, Massachusetts. Despite this issue being raised in a local newspaper report, there was no challenge to his status in court. D'Emilia won the general election with 50% of the vote to Lawton's 45%.
D'Emilia current sits on the Joint Committee on Community Development and Small Businesses, the Joint Committee on Ways and Means, the House Committee on Personnel and Administration, and the House Committee on Ways and Means. D'Emilia voted in favor of casino gambling, and recently tried to amend the compact between the Commonwealth and the Mashpee Wampanoag tribe to include a deadline for securing land into a trust. D'Emilia also voted in favor of the most recent "Three Strikes" bill. He is running for reelection against Marilee Kenney Hunt, of Bridgewater.
D'Emilia has recently gained attention for a lawsuit he has brought forth against the Town of Bridgewater regarding a disputed parcel of land. D'Emilia is suing the town for allegedly violating the law in its actions to try and secure the parcel for conservation land, as D'Emilia claims that he and his partners already have a purchase-and-sale agreement on the parcel and the town has missed its opportunity by law to secure the land.

</doc>
<doc id="36778426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778426" title="Schola Antiqua of Chicago">
Schola Antiqua of Chicago

Schola Antiqua of Chicago is a professional American early music ensemble based in Chicago, Illinois. The group specializes in vocal music before the year 1600 and is the 2012 winner of the Noah Greenberg Award from the American Musicological Society "recognizing and fostering outstanding contributions to historical performing practices." In 2006-7, Schola Antiqua served as Artist in Residence at the University of Chicago, and the group currently holds an artistic residency at the Lumen Christi Institute. Schola Antiqua of Chicago performs mainly in Chicago but has also presented concerts around the United States. The choir is under the artistic direction of Michael Alan Anderson from the Eastman School of Music.
History.
Founded in 2000, Schola Antiqua of Chicago’s states that its mission is to provide audiences with the highest standards of research, performance, and education involving many under-served repertories in the pre-modern canon of western vocal music. Led by scholars in the field of early music, the organization develops programs with works that are not only seldom heard, but often newly transcribed for performance. Frequently, the ensemble presents pieces that have been the subject of academic scholarship in the field of early music. 
Calvin M. Bower, Professor Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame and currently a researcher at the Bavarian Academy of Sciences and Humanities, was the Artistic Director of Schola Antiqua from its inception until 2008. Bower specializes in the history of the medieval sequence. Consequently, Schola Antiqua's programs in the early years often included Notker’s sequences and other monophonic settings. The ensemble’s second Artistic Director, Michael Alan Anderson, more broadly researches the role of plainchant and polyphony in devotion, ritual, and political cultures of the late Middle Ages and Renaissance. Some of Anderson's research agenda is likewise embedded in the ensemble’s past and current programming. 
Responding to the wide range of vocal forces required to sing plainchant and polyphony written before 1600, Schola Antiqua does not employ a set roster of singers for its programs. Rather it draws on a pool of professional vocal specialists in Chicago to suit the needs of each individual program. Rosters have ranged from six to ten members (male and female). The ensemble’s lone venture outside the pre-1600 repertory was a collaboration in 2011 with members of two GRAMMY award-winning ensembles (eighth blackbird and Pacifica Quartet) to present a new work of sacred music by composer Jacob Bancks. 
Beyond its Chicago-based concert series programming, Schola Antiqua has received invitations to perform from the Indianapolis Early Music Festival, Chicago’s Newberry Library, the Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist (Cleveland), the Chicago Cultural Center, the University of Chicago, the University of Notre Dame, the American Guild of Organists, and other institutions across the Midwest. Reviews of Schola Antiqua’s recordings have appeared in "Fanfare", "Early Music America", "Journal of Plainsong and Medieval Music", and "Notes" (Music Library Association). Their albums have aired internationally on the radio programs "With Heart and Voice", "Millennium of Music", and "Harmonia". 
Schola Antiqua maintains a close relationship with academic circles. The ensemble recorded the accompanying CD for Theodore Karp’s monograph "Introduction to the Post-Tridentine Mass Proper, 1590-1890" (American Institute of Musicology, 2005). Margot Fassler's "Music in the Medieval West" (W.W. Norton, 2014) further includes several musical excerpts recorded by Schola Antiqua. In 2006-7, the group served an artistic residency at the University of Chicago, an honor typically given to instrumental ensembles. The residency presented a rare opportunity to offer a slate of performances, workshops, and lecture-recitals. As part of the Noah Greenberg Award, Schola Antiqua collaborated with University of Oregon music historian Lori Kruckenberg on a project entitled "Sounding the Neumatized Sequence," in which the ensemble recorded and archived a set of special liturgical sequences that feature melodies both with and without text (called “neumatized” sequences). Since 2009, Schola Antiqua has been the Artist in Residence at the Lumen Christi Institute, which promotes the cultural and intellectual traditions of the Catholic Church. 
Discography.
Schola Antiqua of Chicago chiefly records on its own independent label known as Discantus Recordings, but will also appear on the Naxos Records label with a release of Advent music in October 2014. Separate from the CD project prepared for the book by Theodore Karp, the ensemble has issued three commercial recordings on the Discantus label. Each features music that is seldom heard, let alone recorded, in the modern era. In 2009, Schola Antiqua released its first CD, "Long Joy, Brief Languor: The Anonymous English Quem malignus spiritus Mass", which contains the only known recording of the "Missa Quem malignus spiritus", one of the earliest "cyclic" masses known in Western music. The group’s second album "West Meets East" was issued in 2010 and features first recordings of music from the Torino Codex, an important fifteenth-century manuscript. In 2011, the ensemble recorded "The Kings of Tharsis: Medieval and Renaissance Music for Epiphany", which highlights some previously unrecorded works of Orlande de Lassus, Tomás Luis de Victoria, Guillaume Dufay, and John Sheppard. 

</doc>
<doc id="36778435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778435" title="Herman Bellstedt">
Herman Bellstedt

Herman Bellstedt (February 12, 1858, Bremen – June 8, 1926, San Francisco) was a well-known American cornet soloist.
Early life.
He was born in Bremen, Germany but immigrated to Cincinnati, Ohio at age nine. He studied the cornet with his father, who was also a cornetist, and Mylius Weigand. As a young boy, he performed with local bands.
Career.
After giving his first performance on May 10, 1873 at the Atlantic Garden at age 15, he quickly began performing across the country in various bands and orchestra and was nicknamed the "Boy Wonder". In 1874, he began his career with the Cincinnati Reed Band until 1879. In 1879, he started performing with the Red Hussar Band on Manhattan Beach and returned to the Cincinnati Reed Band in 1883. From 1904 to 1906, he performed with the John Philip Sousa Band, sharing solos with Herbert L. Clarke and Walter B. Rogers. He also performed with the Frederick N. Innes Band from 1906 to 1909. He also performed with Gilmore's Band, orchestras conducted by Theodore Thomas, Frank Van der Stucken, and Henry Schradieck.
He co-founded the Bellstedt-Ballenger Band in Denver in 1892 with Louis Ballenberger and served as its conductor until 1912.
Bellstedt served as Professor of Wind Instruments at the Cincinnati Conservatory.
In addition to performing, Bellstedt composed for band, orchestra, piano, violin, and cornet. His cornet solos remain popular with today's trumpeters and include Napoli (Variations on a Neapolitan Song), Fantasia No.1, La Coquette, Capriccio Brilliante, La Mandolinata, and Variations on the Carnival of Venice.
On June 8, 1926, Bellstedt died in San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="36778452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778452" title="Crawl Cay Boa">
Crawl Cay Boa

The crawl cay boa is a dwarf snake species that reach a maximum of size of about 5 feet. Characteristics of this snake are the very gray background colour with black speckling which is also on the head. The snakes have saddling like the common boa which continue onto the tail.
Their natural habitat is the island by which they are named after, Crawl Cay (pronounced ). Crawl Cay is off the east coast of Belize. Crawl Cay, a half mooned shaped cay five acres in size, is part of the Turneff Island Archipelago. Collecting snakes is prohibited as the Turneff Archipelago is now a National Reserve. 

</doc>
<doc id="36778478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778478" title="Adeloceras">
Adeloceras

Adeloceras is a Mississippian to Lower Permian nautiloid cephalopod included in the nautilid superfamily Aipocerataceae along with genera like "Aipoceras", "Asymptoceras", and "Solenochilus".

</doc>
<doc id="36778481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778481" title="Business Council for International Understanding">
Business Council for International Understanding

The Business Council for International Understanding (BCIU) is a not-for-profit, nonpartisan, membership organization that encourages dialogue between business and political leaders in different countries. It holds events, briefings and programs for networking and education. Membership comprises more than 150 companies.
History.
BCIU was formed November 10, 1955, at the White House Industrial Cooperation Council Conference, as an initiative directed by U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower. It was established with the purpose of improving foreign understanding of business practices within the United States, thereby lifting a national image that had suffered greatly through the course of the Cold War.
The organization was intended to operate as a part of a larger Eisenhower program, called People to People; however, in 1958, the umbrella initiative was shut down after failing to amass an adequate amount of independent funding. BCIU survived the initial decentralization of direction and support, and has continued to perform many of its original duties.
Activities.
Corporate to government event building.
BCIU organizes conferences and receptions for its member companies and relevant government officials to address issues of common concern. The initiative to organize a conference is taken by BCIU members, U.S. government officials, or foreign government officials. The specific format of these meetings is typically left to the discretion of the host.
Government contracts.
BCIU is a pre-qualified Indefinite-Quantity Contractor (IQC) for the U.S. Trade and Development Agency (USTDA). Since 2006, BCIU has bid for opportunities to plan and manage orientation visits, conferences, and training programs in support of USTDA objectives. Once awarded a contract, BCIU is responsible for project implementation, which can include a series of meetings, site visits, roundtables, conferences, and receptions with foreign delegations. BCIU performs similar functions for the Overseas Private Investment Corporation.
Training.
The organization provides commercial diplomacy training to the U.S. foreign service and other U.S. officials involved in trade promotion agencies for the sake of improved intercultural literacy. All training programs are conducted at the Foreign Service Institute.
Ambassador consultations.
BCIU organizes consultations with American businesses for outgoing ambassadors to update them on current business and commercial matters affecting their country of jurisdiction.
Business practica.
BCIU organizes a program that places Foreign Service Officers into companies for two to three months to gain practical experience after having completed the Foreign Service Institute’s economic and commercial training course.
Past functions.
From 1957 to 1990, BCIU operated a cross-cultural training institute with support from American University. Launched by the Eisenhower administration as the BCIU Institute, the program was designed to prepare international executives to meet the personal and professional challenges inherent to working abroad. The curriculum of the BCIU sessions included language and cultural training, as well as briefings on the current state of the U.S., its foreign policy, and its slipping image abroad. The program now runs as the Intercultural Management Institute as a part of American University’s School of International Service.
Annual gala.
Since 1984, BCIU has held an annual Gala in New York to celebrate partnerships within international trade and diplomacy. In 2003, BCIU introduced the Dwight D. Eisenhower Global Leadership Award, which honors a member of the business community for their leadership and achievement in the international arena; recent honorees include Sergio Marchionne and Mukesh Ambani.

</doc>
<doc id="36778495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778495" title="Icche">
Icche

Icche is a 2011 Bengali film directed by Shiboprosad Mukherjee and Nandita Roy. This is the debut film of the director duo. The film is based on Suchitra Bhattacharya's novel and revolves around the relationship between an obsessive mother and her son. The film was presented by Rituparna Sengupta.
Plot.
Manas is an insurance agent. He lives with his wife Mamata and son Shamik. Mamata is dissatisfied by her husband's outlook and dreams of bringing up her son differently. But, when Shamik grows up he starts rebelling agaionst his mother's decisions and dominance.
At the age of 16, Shamik falls in his first crush, Debjani. When hawk-eyed Mamata learns about this relationship she becomes worried as she is sceptical about that girl's nature and thinks she is not good for her son. Mamata gears up to break her son's relationship with that girl. She also tries to win over her son's attention and affection. Although she is successful in breaking the relationship, all this effort pushes her away from her son even more.
Cut to present day, Shamik is now a college student. He is in his second year and is in a relationship with Jayanti, a girl of first year. Mamata discovers this relationship and tries to sabotage it in every way. She even goes to the extent of bringing back Debjani, Souvik's first girlfriend, by meeting her parents and offering her son to them as their son-in-law. Manas tries to tell his wife about the ill-effects of her behaviour. But she pays no attention.
The talks of marriage are finalised without Shamik's knowledge. But Shamik had another plans - he had already married Jayanti and was leaving for Mumbai. He declares this to a shocked Mamata and leaves the house. The touching climax of the film shows Mamata clutching the old toys and medals of Shamik and remembering his childhood, revealing that she never could quite accept that Shamik has grown up now and had a personal life. She still believes he is her little son who is unaware of his own well-being.

</doc>
<doc id="36778503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778503" title="Pappenheimer Mansion">
Pappenheimer Mansion

The Pappenheimer Mansion, later the Ponce de Leon Infirmary, then Midtown Hospital, was located at 144 Ponce de Leon Avenue NE in Midtown Atlanta, on the north side between Piedmont and Juniper streets. Furniture magnate Oscar Pappenheimer (1961-1917) built his first house on the site around 1900, which burned down in 1914. Pappenheimer rebuilt almost immediately, including a famous music room which contained a pipe organ as well as two grand pianos.
Interest in classical music waned in the 1890s through 1910s and Pappenheimer was credited as being one of the sole forces encouraging the performance of chamber music in Atlanta. For more than three decades, informal concerts were given in his music room.
The Pappenheimer family lived in the house until the 1930s, after which the house was used as a fraternity house for Georgia Tech students.
By 1941 it had become an ear, nose and throat hospital called the Ponce de Leon Infirmary.
In 1977 it became Midtown Hospital, which specialized in second trimester abortions, performing the largest number of abortions of any institution in the state, more than 7000 in 1996. By the 1980s conditions in the hospital had deteriorated, conditions had become overcrowded and unsanitary and in 1988 the State of Georgia closed it.
The mansion was demolished in 1999 and the Alexander on Ponce apartment complex now occupies the site.

</doc>
<doc id="36778504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778504" title="Asadabad-e Sofla">
Asadabad-e Sofla

Asadabad-e Sofla () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36778538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778538" title="Dmitry Buchkin">
Dmitry Buchkin

Dmitry Petrovich Buchkin (; July 23, 1927, Leningrad, USSR) is a Soviet Russian painter, a member of the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists (before 1992 — the Leningrad Union of Artists), who live and worke in Saint Petersburg, regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting, most famous for his genre and landscape paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="36778546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778546" title="Asadabad-e Sofla, Ilam">
Asadabad-e Sofla, Ilam

Asadabad-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Asadābād-e Soflá; also known as Asadābād and Shahīd Şadūqī) is a village in Aramu Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 126, in 24 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36778549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778549" title="Ashok Kondabolu">
Ashok Kondabolu

Ashok Kondabolu, also known by his stage name Dapwell, or Dap, is an American rapper and dancer from Queens, New York. A graduate of Stuyvesant High School in New York City, Kondabolu is best known for being a member of and hype man for the New York-based rap group Das Racist. Kondabolu has also announced that he will eventually release his own solo material. He is the younger brother of comedian Hari Kondabolu, with whom he conducts the monthly "Untitled Kondabolu Brothers Project" as well as the "Untitled Kondabolu Brothers Podcast" every two weeks. "Rolling Stone India" described Ashok as "New York’s stock Joe Gould-like character injected with the creative adrenaline of gonzo journalist Hunter S Thompson and the uncouth coarseness of writer Charles Bukowski." With the break up of Das Racist in December 2012, Kondabolu stated that he would be focusing his attention on two television shows and his radio show "Chillin' Island".

</doc>
<doc id="36778550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778550" title="Allt na Lairige">
Allt na Lairige

National 
Allt na Lairige Dam,(Burn of the Pass), is a pre-stressed concrete dam creating an impounding reservoir which serves the Glen Shira Hydroelectric scheme. 
History.
Completed in 1957.
The dam was designed by William George Nicholson Geddes, as directed by James Arthur Banks of Babtie, Shaw and Morton of Glasgow. Construction was carried out by Marples Ridgway. It was completed in 1956 and has a height of 22 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36778561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778561" title="Anyway Records">
Anyway Records

__NOTOC__
Anyway Records is an independent record label based in Columbus, Ohio, which specializes in a Columbus brand of indie rock. It was established in 1991 by Bela Koe-Krompecher, called an "indie stalwart" by "Entertainment Weekly".
During the 1990s the label was considered the most well-known and prolific label in Columbus. "The Other Paper" called Anyway Records "arguably the most influential indie label in Columbus throughout the last half of the ‘90s." The early 2000s saw a reduction in offerings, however since 2007, the label has put out records by The Whiles, The Kyle Sowashes, Moviola and The Lindsay. "Song for Jerry", off of The Whiles album "Colors of the Year", appeared on the documentary "Murderball". The Whiles album "Sleepers Wake" was referred to by "Columbus Alive" as a "masterpiece."
Past releases have included notable artists such as Guided by Voices, the Ass Ponys, the New Bomb Turks and Jenny Mae.
Current artists.
"Listed alphabetically"

</doc>
<doc id="36778578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778578" title="Asadabad-e Vosta, Ilam">
Asadabad-e Vosta, Ilam

Asadabad-e Vosta (, also Romanized as Asadābād-e Vosţá; also known as Asadābād and Shahīd Madanī) is a village in Aramu Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 455, in 87 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36778588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778588" title="Shahid Saduqi">
Shahid Saduqi

Shahid Saduqi () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36778591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778591" title="Juan Sartori">
Juan Sartori

Juan (Jose) Sartori (born 6 February 1981) is a Uruguayan financial entrepreneur.
He is the President and founder of Union Group (UG), a privately owned firm which holds significant strategic interests in businesses spanning the agricultural, energy, forestry, infrastructure, minerals, oil & gas and real estate sectors in Latin America.
Early life.
Juan Sartori was born in Montevideo (Uruguay). He moved to Paris with his mother and sister and spent his late adolescence in Switzerland, where he studied at HEC (Hautes Etudes Commerciales) in Lausanne, spending his senior year at Harvard University and graduating from HEC in 2002 with a degree in Business and Economics.
Career.
Having left Harvard, Sartori returned to Switzerland and at the age of 22 began his career as an entrepreneur founding Union Capital Group, a Geneva based multi-strategy asset manager. Between 2002 and 2008, the firm quickly grew to more than $1 billion of assets under management. He subsequently sold the business in 2008 to the management team.
In 2005, Sartori established an office in Uruguay in order to focus on investing in the agricultural and real-estate sectors of his home country and further afield in Latin America, founding business under the Union name. Companies under the Union umbrella quickly grew and now cover resources and real assets across Uruguay, Peru and Colombia.
Juan Sartori's business interests include:
Union Group has offices in Montevideo, Lima and London.

</doc>
<doc id="36778594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778594" title="History of rugby union matches between Scotland and the Barbarians">
History of rugby union matches between Scotland and the Barbarians

Scotland and the Barbarians have played each other on 11 occasions. The Barbarians have won seven matches, Scotland three and one match drawn. All of the matches have been played in Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="36778599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778599" title="Treves (surname)">
Treves (surname)

Treves is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36778602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778602" title="List of Monuments of National Importance in Ahmedabad district">
List of Monuments of National Importance in Ahmedabad district

For technical reasons the monuments in Ahmedabad are displayed in a separate list. Please see the for the rest of the monuments in this state. 

</doc>
<doc id="36778603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778603" title="Hoffman Athletic F.C. (Stonehouse)">
Hoffman Athletic F.C. (Stonehouse)

Hoffman Athletic F.C. was an English football club based in Stonehouse, Gloucestershire, and was one of the works football teams of the Hoffman's Bearings Company. The team played in the Western Football League for thirteen seasons after World War II, but left in 1959. They also participated in the FA Cup, and were managed by Hoffman's Production Manager and former RAF Bomber Command radio operator, Bill Clark.
The other Hoffman's works football team was also called Hoffman Athletic, and was based at the company's main factory in Chelmsford, Essex.
League history.
Joining the Western League Division Two for the 1946–47 season, Hoffman Athletic's best years were the first three, which saw the club finish in sixth position each season. However, Athletic dropped down the division and finished bottom in the 1952–53 season. A recovery meant they finished 11th the following season, but they never again managed to achieve a top ten finish. The club dropped out of the Western League at the end of the 1958–59 season, joining Division Two of the Gloucestershire Northern Senior League, which they won at the first attempt.
Hoffman Athletic also won the Gloucestershire Senior Amateur Challenge Cup (North) in 1951–52 and 1953–54.
FA Cup history.
Hoffman Athletic entered the FA Cup for five consecutive seasons during the late 1940s and early 1950s. During their first Cup run in 1946–47 they defeated Frome Town, Paulton Rovers, Clandown and Melksham before losing 4–3 at home to Trowbridge Town in the Third Qualifying Round. This was their best effort in The FA Cup, as they subsequently never managed to reach further than the First Qualifying Round, which they achieved in 1950–51, when they lost 7–0 at Merthyr Tydfil.

</doc>
<doc id="36778607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778607" title="Treves (disambiguation)">
Treves (disambiguation)

Treves is a city in Germany on the banks of the Moselle.
Treves may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36778624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778624" title="1971 AFC Youth Championship">
1971 AFC Youth Championship

The AFC Youth Championship 1971 was held in Tokyo, Japan.
Teams.
The following teams entered the tournament:
Group Stage.
Group A.
<br>
Group B.
<br>
Group C.
<br>
Group D.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36778628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778628" title="James West (physician)">
James West (physician)

James Ward West (March 29, 1914 – July 24, 2012) was an American physician, psychiatrist, surgeon, and pioneer in the fields of organ transplantation and addiction treatment. He was part of a team of surgeons who performed the world's first kidney transplant in 1950. West practiced as a surgeon from 1948 to 1981. He then focused on psychiatry during his later career. He co-founded the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage, California, in 1982. West served as the founding medical director of the Betty Ford Center from 1982 until 1989.
West was born in Chicago, Illinois, on March 29, 1914. He was the oldest of his parents' four children. West attending a Wisconsin boarding school run by the Jesuits, where he decided to become a doctor as a high school sophomore. West graduated from the Stritch School of Medicine at Loyola University Chicago. Another student as Loyola Chicago first gave him amphetamines and he became an alcoholic as an undergraduate student.
He was a member of the surgical team, led by Richard Lawler, who carried out the world's first kidney transplant in 1950 at the Little Company of Mary Hospital in Evergreen Park, Illinois. The surgery was performed on a 44-year old female patient who suffered from polycystic kidney disease. He practiced surgery from 1942 until 1981.
A recovering alcoholic, West successfully remained sober for 54 years, from the late 1950s until his death in 2012. West carried a sobriety chip in his pocket everyday during all of those years. He gave up surgery after forty years to specialize and study psychiatry, specifically focusing on substance abuse and related issues.
He taught at Rush-Presbyterian-St. Luke's Medical Center, now called the Rush University Medical Center, as an assistant professor. He also taught psychiatry at the University of Chicago. West also founded Haymarket Center, a detox center located in Chicago, in 1975.
West joined with former First Lady of the United States Betty Ford to help launch the Betty Ford Center. The facility opened on October 4, 1982. He served as the Center's first medical director from 1982 until 1989. West mandated that physicians served as full members of the center's treatment teams.
In 1989, West became the director of the Betty Ford Center's outpatient programs. He remained with the Betty Ford Center until 2007, when he retired at 93 years old.
West also contributed a weekly column called "Sober Days" to The Desert Sun, addressing questions about alcoholism and alcohol abuse sent in by newspaper readers. His last column was published on July 26, 2012.
His health began to decline in April 2012. James West died at his home in Palm Desert, California, on July 24, 2012, at the age of 98. His memorial service was held at Sacred Heart Catholic Church in Palm Desert.

</doc>
<doc id="36778649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778649" title="Bardha">
Bardha

Bardha () is an Albanian mythological creature. According to old legends to propitiate them, one strews cakes or sugar on the ground. It is similar to zana e malit.
Appearance.
In Albanian popular belief they are whitish, nebulous figures who dwell under the earth.

</doc>
<doc id="36778651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778651" title="Fenian (disambiguation)">
Fenian (disambiguation)

Fenian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36778652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778652" title="Fourmile, Kentucky">
Fourmile, Kentucky

Fourmile is an unincorporated community located in Bell County, Kentucky.
Fourmile appears on the Pineville U.S. Geological Survey Map.
Geography.
Fourmile is located at . Fourmile is along the Cumberland River.
History.
A post office was established in the community in 1899. The origins of the name Fourmile are disputed: some hold it is because of hamlet's location four miles downriver from Pineville, while others believe it was named after the four-mile length of nearby Fourmile Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="36778678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778678" title="Gulf States Conference">
Gulf States Conference

The Gulf States Conference is a defunct college athletics conference. 

</doc>
<doc id="36778691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778691" title="Musa, Iran">
Musa, Iran

Musa (, also Romanized as Mūsá) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 109, in 24 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36778703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778703" title="Adelphoceras">
Adelphoceras

Adelphoceras is a middle Devonian coiled nautiloid from Europe with an oval whorl section and shallow depressed zone on the inner, dorsal, rim; a strongly contracted T-shaped aperture; ventral siphuncle containing actinosiphonate deposits, and two rows of spines on either side.
"Adelphoceras" is included in the nautilid family Rutoceratidae, and is also a part of the Tainocerataceae.

</doc>
<doc id="36778707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778707" title="Shahid Bahonar, Ilam">
Shahid Bahonar, Ilam

Shahid Bahonar (, also Romanized as Shahīd Bāhonar) is a village in Kulkani Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 172, in 33 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36778710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778710" title="History of rugby union matches between Ireland and the Barbarians">
History of rugby union matches between Ireland and the Barbarians

Ireland and the Barbarians have played each other five times to date. The Barbarians have won most of these matches at a total of five times, whereas Ireland has only won once – in 2008 by a score of 39–14. Their most recent encounter was in 2012, when the Barbarians won 29–28.

</doc>
<doc id="36778717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778717" title="Bernardo Neumann">
Bernardo Neumann

Bernardo Neumann (born 1953 in Colonia San Alberto, Misiones Province, Argentina) is a painter and plastic artist.
Neumann began to show his work steadily in both group and solo shows in Chile, Brasil, Paraguay, Cuba, Japan, England, Switzerland, Netherlands, France, Germany, Romania and Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="36778720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778720" title="Norrbotten NEO">
Norrbotten NEO

Norrbotten NEO is a Swedish chamber ensemble dedicated to contemporary classical music. The ensemble was formed 2007 and is based in the concert hall Studio Acusticum in Piteå, Sweden. NEO regularly collaborates with contemporary composers and commission new works on a yearly basis. The repertoire includes music by composers like Henrik Strindberg and Per Mårtensson. The ensemble receives financial support from "The Swedish Arts Council", "Norrbotten county council" as well as "Luleå- and Piteå municipality". The ensemble have toured both in Sweden and abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="36778721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778721" title="Aliabad, Darreh Shahr">
Aliabad, Darreh Shahr

Aliabad (, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 57, in 10 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36778741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778741" title="Ludar, Iran">
Ludar, Iran

Ludar (, also Romanized as Lūdar) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 72, in 13 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36778799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778799" title="Aramu Rural District">
Aramu Rural District

Aramu Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7,089, in 1,399 families. The rural district has 11 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36778816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778816" title="2011 KHSAA Commonwealth Gridiron 6A Championship">
2011 KHSAA Commonwealth Gridiron 6A Championship

The 2011 KHSAA Commonwealth Gridiron Bowl 6A Championship took place on December 2, 2011, in Bowling Green, KY at the Houchens Industries – L. T. Smith Stadium. 

</doc>
<doc id="36778818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778818" title="Zarrin Dasht Rural District">
Zarrin Dasht Rural District

Zarrin Dasht Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 9,680, in 1,926 families. The rural district has 24 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36778819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778819" title="Baybars al-Ala'i">
Baybars al-Ala'i

Rukn ad-Din Baybars al-Ala'i al-Hajib was a prominent "mamluk" of Bahri sultan al-Nasir Muhammad in the early 14th-century. He served as the governor of a number of provinces throughout the Cairo-based Mamluk Sultanate. 
An-Nasir Muhammad appointed Baybars "na'ib" ("governor") of Gaza in 1307-08. During his term, he restored the former Crusader castle of Gaza which had been in ruins as a result of the previous wars with the Crusaders. The marble slab containing the inscription that honored Baybars' restoration work is currently located in the Great Mosque of Gaza. His term ended in late 1309-early 1310 with the accession of al-Muzaffar Baybars to the sultanate after quietly ousting an-Nasir Muhammad. 
Baybars al-Ala'i remained loyal to the latter during his exile in al-Karak and aided an-Nasir Muhammad's return to the throne by 1310. Afterward, in 1311, Baybars was appointed "na'ib" of Homs, serving for a brief term. Sometime between 1312-1313, he died in al-Karak.

</doc>
<doc id="36778834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778834" title="RAF Methven">
RAF Methven

Royal Air Force Station Methven or RAF Methven was a Royal Air Force station located south east of Methven, Perth and Kinross, Scotland and west of Perth, Perth and Kinross.

</doc>
<doc id="36778848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778848" title="Der Messias (Klopstock)">
Der Messias (Klopstock)

Der Messias (“The Messiah”) is an epic poem published from 1748 to 1773 by German poet Friedrich Gottlieb Klopstock.
Publication.
The poem consists of 19,458 dactylic hexameters, as compared with the 12,310 of Homer's "Odyssey". At Schulpforta, the classical school Klopstock attended 1739-1745, the plan for the poem was formulated. The project reflected the influence of Johann Jakob Bodmer's translation of John Milton's "Paradise Lost" which Klopstock had read at the school. After developing his plan, Klopstock wrote a prose version of the first three cantos. After going to Leipzig in 1747, he recast the prose into hexameters. In 1748, this verse for the first three cantos appeared anonymously in the "Bremer Beiträge" (“Bremen Contributions”). The next two cantos appeared in 1750, and the next five appeared in 1755. Ten more cantos appeared substantially later: five in 1768 and five in 1773.
Reception.
When the first three cantos appeared, it took the public a year to get accustomed to the novelty of the form and content, after which the poem's success was unprecedented; its readers awaited with impatience the next cantos. The poem became regarded in some circles as equal to the epics of Dante and Milton, especially by women and religious people.
In using hexameters for his verse, Klopstock had abandoned the traditional Alexandrines. This loosed a storm of criticism on his head from the school of Johann Christoph Gottsched, who ridiculed what he called Klopstock's “seraphic spirit of fanaticism,” his strictures on Gottsched's dogmatism, his effeminate and morbid tenderness, and his religious sentimentality. These criticisms were later confirmed by Lessing, although in a milder and more dignified spirit. On the other hand, the school of Bodmer applauded. It has been said that the work of no German poet before Richard Wagner aroused such controversy. Goethe's "Autobiography" tells us that his father banished the book from the house because of its blank verse.
The fame of the work rests on the first ten cantos. By the time the last ten cantos came out, interest in the work had ebbed. A flood of epic imitations on various biblical subjects attested to his contemporary influence, and all the younger poets of his day learned from Klopstock, but the 19th century admired him from an ever increasing distance.
Theme and style.
The theme of the poem is the redemption of mankind, and the poem starts with Jesus's entry into Jerusalem on Palm Sunday. Klopstock's work shows he learned much from Milton. However, instead of strong contrasts, going from darkness to light, from misery to bliss, Klopstock attempts to portray a mental state of continuous, dazzling brilliancy. Instead of an alternation of clashes, there is contemplation. Notable descriptions are those of hell, the council of the devils, their punishment through transformation, the trips through the universe made by angels and devils, and the vision of the last judgment.
Klopstock excites feeling and lends expression to the inexpressible even when his characters become speechless. No German poet before him had so mastered the capacities of the language, whether in choice of words or in rhythmic cadence.
Editions.
Among the English translations of the “Messiah” is one into prose by Mrs. and Mr. Collyer, and a metrical translation appeared in London in 1825-'6.

</doc>
<doc id="36778850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778850" title="Dustan Rural District">
Dustan Rural District

Dustan Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,862, in 998 families. The rural district has 20 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36778876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778876" title="Hendmini Rural District">
Hendmini Rural District

Hendmini Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7,841, in 1,516 families. The rural district has 12 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36778880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778880" title="Graphosoma semipunctatum">
Graphosoma semipunctatum

Graphosoma semipunctatum is a species of bug living exclusively in the méditerranean regions.
It is very close to "Graphosoma italicum". It can be distinguished from G. italicum by black dots along the protonomum instead of lines and entirely red legs (instead of black ones like "G. italicum").
They are found abundantly on Umbelliferaes. Its red color serves to warn its predators that it is not palatable.

</doc>
<doc id="36778886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778886" title="Kulkani Rural District">
Kulkani Rural District

Kulkani Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,719, in 310 families. The rural district has 7 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36778891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778891" title="Elspeth (band)">
Elspeth (band)

Elspeth are an Irish 5-piece alternative rock band formed by brothers Gerard and Leo Sands. Their sound combines offbeat, atmospheric, stilted rhythms that climb and fall over steely guitar thrills and gradual bass lines.
Elspeth have garnered support from radio stations across the UK and Ireland including Tom Robinson and Gideon Coe on BBC 6Music, Phantom FM, Cool FM and BBC Radio 1 "Introducing", which featured a live session with the band in early 2012. The track "The Taster" is featured on their debut album "Coax", which was released by No Dancing Records on 13 May 2012.
Festival appearances include a storming debut performance at 'Glasgowbury' 2011, 'Indiependance' and 'Sunflowerfest' 2012.
Most recently they have played live shows supporting Wintersleep, Clock Opera, Spector, Sea Of Bees, Dog Is Dead, General Fiasco and Cashier No.9.

</doc>
<doc id="36778894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778894" title="Majin Rural District">
Majin Rural District

Majin Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,166, in 619 families. The rural district has 24 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36778902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778902" title="Mueller Water Products">
Mueller Water Products

Mueller Water Products, Inc. (MWP) is a publicly traded company headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. It is one of the largest manufacturers and distributors of fire hydrants, pipe fittings and valves in North America. MWP is made up of two business units—Mueller Co. and Anvil International—that oversee 15 brands and subsidiaries including Echologics and Mueller Systems.
History.
Mueller Water Products was incorporated as a standalone business on September 22, 2005, but the company traces the history of its business units, subsidiaries and brands back as far as 1850, when Frederick Grinnell purchased a controlling stake in Providence Steam and Gas Pipe, Co., the forerunner to Anvil International. In 1857, the forerunner to Mueller Co. and Mueller Systems was founded by H. Mueller in Decatur, Illinois. Providence Steam and Gas Pipe became General Fire Extinguisher Co. in 1892 after merging with several sprinkler manufacturers, and was later renamed Grinnell Co. in 1919, after the company's president, Frederick Grinnell. In 1899, 12 companies incorporated as United States Cast Iron Pipe and Foundry Company, which would later be known as U.S. Pipe after dropping "cast iron" from the company name in 1929. Grinnell Co. became known as Anvil International in 2000.
Jim Walter Corporation acquired U.S. Pipe in 1969, and in 2005, it acquired Mueller Co. and Anvil International. The three businesses were combined to form Mueller Water Products. The combined entity was then spun off as the publicly held Mueller Water Products, Inc. in 2006, moving its headquarters from the company's birthplace of Decatur, Illinois, to Atlanta, Georgia. Initially, MWP operated with three business units—Mueller Co., Anvil International, and U.S. Pipe. However, in 2012 MWP divested U.S. Pipe to Wynnchurch Capital, Ltd., retaining only the valve and hydrant division, which now operates under the Mueller Co. business unit.
Organization.
Structure.
Mueller Water Products is a publicly traded company governed by a board of 10 directors, including former Atlanta Mayor Shirley Franklin. It is divided into two business units—Mueller Co. and Anvil International. Each of these units oversees several related brands and subsidiaries.
Mueller Co..
Mueller Co. is one of the largest North American manufacturers of valves and fire hydrants. It oversees several brands and subsidiaries that specialize in valves, fittings, utility meters, water infrastructure, leak detection, and pipe condition assessment.
Anvil International.
Anvil International oversees multiple brands and subsidiaries specializing in a variety of industrial applications including oil and gas, mining, fire protection, HVAC, plumbing, and mechanical. Anvil's brands include:
Sustainability.
MWP utilizes various processes and has instituted a number of corporate policies to encourage conservation and sustainability in its manufacturing and service offerings. It is the only manufacturer of valves and hydrants that utilizes the lost-foam casting process, which reduces the amount of required materials for casting and reduces the amount of waste and emissions generated by the casting process. Mueller Co. offers all of its waterworks brass products in low-lead varieties. MWP is also a member of the U.S. Green Building Council.

</doc>
<doc id="36778929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778929" title="2012 US Open – Women's Singles Qualifying">
2012 US Open – Women's Singles Qualifying


</doc>
<doc id="36778930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778930" title="Arben Bajraktaraj">
Arben Bajraktaraj

Arben Bajraktaraj (born 29 January 1983) is a French actor of Albanian descent.
Bajraktaraj has starred in numerous French films but also in minor roles of international movies, such as in "Eden Log" and "Sex Traffic". He has often portrayed Albanian crime syndicate operatives in films like "Taken" and "Verso". He was also well known for his role as the Death Eater Antonin Dolohov in the "Harry Potter" films. He has worked throughout his career with numerous film directors such as Gérard Pirès, Xavier Ruiz, Tony Gatlif and Pierre Morel.

</doc>
<doc id="36778933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778933" title="Arkansas–Monticello Boll Weevils and Cotton Blossoms">
Arkansas–Monticello Boll Weevils and Cotton Blossoms

The Arkansas–Monticello Boll Weevils and Cotton Blossoms are composed of 10 teams representing the University of Arkansas at Monticello in intercollegiate athletics, including men and women's basketball, cross country, and golf. Men's sports include baseball and football. Women's sports include volleyball and softball. The Boll Weevils and Cotton Blossoms compete in the NCAA Division II and are members of the Great American Conference.
Baseball.
Arkansas–Monticello has had 5 Major League Baseball Draft selections since the draft began in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="36778959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778959" title="Moose Scheib">
Moose Scheib

Moose M. Scheib (born June 21, 1980) is a social entrepreneur, producer, and national housing expert. He is the Founder & CEO of LoanMod.com.
Early Life and Education.
Moose M. Scheib was born in Beirut, Lebanon during the Lebanese Civil War, the son of a newspaper editor and government official. His family immigrated to the U.S. (Toledo, Ohio) when he was seven years old and eventually settled in Dearborn, Michigan. When Scheib was twelve, his father – who sought work as a truck driver to keep the family afloat – suffered the first in a series of strokes. As a result, his mother began work at a metro-Detroit restaurant and Scheib began working and caring for his ill father and siblings.
Scheib graduated from Dearborn High School in 1998. He attended Albion College where he played football and was a team captain. He holds a degree of Bachelor of Arts in Economics & Management from the Carl A. Gerstacker Institute for Business and Management at Albion College. He received his Juris Doctorate from Columbia Law School where he was a staff member of the Columbia Business Law Review.
Career.
Scheib practiced corporate law at the international law firm of Proskauer Rose in New York City, clerked in the New York State Supreme Court under Justice Michael J. Obus, and interned at the U.S. Attorney's Office in the Eastern District of New York. He currently is a member of the Connecticut Bar.
In 2006, Scheib started LoanMod.com where he invented the modern-day loan modification as a solution to the housing crisis gripping the United States—an idea that has helped over two million homeowners avoid foreclosure. While serving as LoanMod.com's CEO, he co-founded Aleph Advisors, a boutique advisory firm focused on helping U.S. companies expand their reach within the MENA (Middle East and North Africa).
Scheib founded Mizna Entertainment, which produced the Arab American Comedy Show in 2007, 2008, and 2009, and viral MTV spoof videos that include Arab CRIBS, Nexted, and Made. In 2010, Moose co-founded the National Arab Orchestra (NAO), a 501(c)(3) organization that celebrates Arab heritage, and its music through educational outreach and performance. Scheib is also a founding board member of HYPE, a nonprofit that seeks to provide the communities of Metro Detroit with diverse, drug and violent free programs for youth.
Awards and Recognition.
Scheib received the 2004 Arab American Institute Raymond Jallow Award for Public Service, the 2010 Arabian Business Magazine 30 under 30 Award for the Next Generation of Arab Leaders, and the 2010 Entrepreneur of the Year Award from the American Arab Chamber of Commerce.
Media.
Moose M. Scheib has been a guest on Fox News’ Your World with Neil Cavuto, and Al-Jazeera World Report. He has been featured in Forbes Magazine, Bloomberg News, the Washington Post, the Arab American News,

</doc>
