<doc id="36634074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634074" title="Christ and the Virgin Diptych">
Christ and the Virgin Diptych

The Christ and the Virgin Diptych consisted of two small oil on oak panel paintings by the Early Netherlandish painter Dirk Bouts (also called Dieric Bouts) completed c. 1470–75. Originally they formed the wings of a hinged devotional diptych.
The original autograph diptych is lost, although numerous versions of generally rather poor quality survive including a near identical diptych in the Louvre and a similar diptych in Toronto. Other versions of each panel survive. The best versions of the "Mater Dolorosa" are in the Art Institute of Chicago and in the Weissberger collection at Madrid. The Chicago version was probably painted by Bout's son Dieric Bouts the Younger, about whom nothing is known. A good version of the "Christ" is in the collection of the Duchess of Osuna at Seville. At least ten other versions are known, including one from the workshop of Dirk Bouts in the National Gallery, London.
Although devotional diptychs were common in mid-15th century northern art, they typically, following the innovations of the highly commercially successful Rogier van der Weyden - whom Bouts was known to have been influenced by - showed a saint paired with a donor. This example is unusual in that both wings depict members of the holy family.
Description.
Bouts depicts the Virgin Mary as the "Mater Dolorosa" ("Our Lady of Sorrows"). She is shown with reddened eyes full of tears that spill down her cheeks. Her head bowed in grief, and although she looks outwards, her expression is reflective and introspective. Her eyes - like those of Christ on the right panel - are coyly and dignifiedly averted away from the viewer. Hers are downcast, his equally tear reddened eyes gaze to his right. In comparison to the passionate and expressively rendered depictions of Mary's suffering in the art of Bouts' near contemporaries Jan van Eyck or Rogier van der Weyden, here, Mary's grief is highly restrained and, according to art historian Joseph Van der Elst, all the more "appealing and deeply moving. She is timeless like human suffering."
Christ is shown in suffering and in pain, reflecting one of two broad styles of single portrait representation popular in the mid to later 15th century, both of which showed his head in either near close up isolation, in half length. The representation of Christ in the "Holy Face" format dates back to Byzantine Icons and the motif was popularised again by Robert Campin and the lost van Eyck frontal representation of Christ known through a copy in the Staatliche Preussischer Kulturbesitz Museen, Berlin.
The second popular means of presenting the heads of Christ, that of the "Man of Sorrows", or "Dead Christ", dates from Roman imagery and is usually less formal, less strictly frontal than Holy Face representations, and focuses on the suffering and passion of the biblical tales. Perhaps the most notable example of the latter is Geertgen tot Sint Jans's "Man of Sorrows" c. 1485-95. 
Bouts' earlier right hand panel is similarly typical, showing Christ bleeding at the forehead from incisions made by the Crown of Thorns. A very similar c 1470 work attributed to Bouts, is comparable in composition, colorisation and tone, and is today in the London National Gallery.
In this work Bouts shifts the emphasis and presents both Christ and Mary in the tradition, with Mary now presented as the "Woman of Sorrow".

</doc>
<doc id="36634075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634075" title="Kaina Martinez">
Kaina Martinez

Kaina Martinez (born 20 February 1986 in the Garifuna village Seine Bight, Stann Creek District) is a Belizean athlete. She competed in 100 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36634077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634077" title="Modest Cuixart">
Modest Cuixart

Modest Cuixart i Tàpies (born November 2, 1925 in Barcelona – died 31 October 2001 in Palamós) was as Spanish (Catalan) painter. He is, along with poet Joan Brossa and painters Joan Ponç, his cousin Antoni Tàpies and Joan-Josep Tharrats, the founder of surrealist et dada review "" in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="36634094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634094" title="Alice Trolle-Wachtmeister">
Alice Trolle-Wachtmeister

Countess Alice Victoria Trolle-Wachtmeister (née Tornérhielm; born 9 May 1926) is a Swedish noblewoman who has served the royal court since the 1970s.
Career.
Alice Tornérhielm was born on 9 May 1926 as the daughter of Erik Tornérhielm, a squire from Gedsholm, and the Danish-born Ellen Valentiner-Branth. She received training as a child care nurse, as well as in air monitoring service and staff welfare services, before joining the Swedish Women's Voluntary Defence Service in 1943. In 1949, Alice Tornérhielm married Count Hans Gabriel Trolle-Wachtmeister, a member of the Trolle-Wachtmeister family, with whom she has since lived at Trolle-Ljungby Castle in Scania.
The Countess presided over the Swedish Women's Voluntary Defence Service from 1974 until 1978, when she became a "statsfru", a high ranking court official. She served as such until 1994, when she was promoted to the office of the Mistress of the Robes, succeeding Astrid Rudebeck. As such, she is now the highest ranking non-royal woman in Sweden.
On 23 February 2012, along with Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt, the Speaker of the Parliament Per Westerberg and the Marshal of the Realm Svante Lindqvist, Countess Trolle-Wachtmeister was presented the newborn Princess Estelle, Duchess of Östergötland. According to tradition, the Mistress of the Robes and the other officials are required to witness that the second in the line of succession to the throne is indeed the child of the Crown Princess, rather than a changeling. She then attended the announcement of the Princess's names on 24 February.

</doc>
<doc id="36634103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634103" title="Tim George">
Tim George

Tim George (born October 4, 1951) is a former American football player. He played college football at Carson–Newman College in Tennessee before being drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals in 1973; he played for two seasons in the National Football League, for the Bengals and the Cleveland Browns, before spending several seasons in the World Football League.
Career.
Born in Alcoa, Tennessee, George, a graduate of Alcoa High School, became a star wide receiver at Carson–Newman College, where he helped the team reach the 1972 National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics championship game; Carson–Newman lost the championship to East Texas State by a score of 21–18, however George was named the game's Most Valuable Player.
Following his college career, George was selected by the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League, using the 16th pick of the third round in the 1973 NFL Draft. George would appear in twelve games for the Bengals during the 1973 season; he finished the year credited with two receptions for a total of 28 yards gained. Released from the team after the 1973 season, George signed with the Cleveland Browns for 1974, appearing in eight games but not having any receptions over the course of the year. George was cut by the Browns before the start of the 1975 football season. Following his release from the Browns, George moved to the World Football League, where he played for teams in Philadelphia and Charlotte for several seasons.
George was inducted into the Carson–Newman Athletic Hall of Fame in 2007 and the Blount County Sports Hall of Fame in 2008.
References.
Citations
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36634119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634119" title="Centerville City School School District">
Centerville City School School District

The Centerville City School School District is a public school district in Montgomery and Greene Counties in the U.S. state of Ohio, based in Centerville, Ohio.
Schools.
The Centerville City School School District has one preschool, two schools teaching kindergarten through first grade, six elementary schools, three middle schools, one high school and an alternative high school. 

</doc>
<doc id="36634124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634124" title="1903 Gordon Bennett Cup">
1903 Gordon Bennett Cup

The 1903 Gordon Bennett Cup, formally titled the IV Coupe Internationale, was a motor race held on 2 July 1903, on the Athy Circuit consisting of closed roads in Ireland. The race consisted of seven laps - alternating for six laps over a shorter circuit to the west of Athy and longer circuit to the East, before a final lap on the longer circuit to make the total distance 527km (327.5 miles). A British entry had won the previous edition of the race, which meant that the rights to host the race fell to the Automobile Club of Britain and Ireland. Legislation was passed to allow the race to take place on roads in Ireland, then a part of the United Kingdom. Britain were to attempt to defend the Gordon Bennett Cup against France, Germany and the USA, and each country was represented by three entries, with the car that finished the race in the shortest time winning the race on behalf of his country.
The race was won by Camille Jenatzy driving a Mercedes and representing Germany, in a time of six hours and 39 minutes. Rene de Knyff and Henry Farman, both driving Panhards and representing France finished in second and third places, taking a little over ten minutes longer to complete the course than Jenatzy.
Race Report.
On Thursday, 2 July 1903 the Gordon Bennett Cup was the first international motor race to be held in Ireland, an honorific to Selwyn Edge who had won the 1902 event in the Paris-Vienna race driving a Napier. The Automobile Club of Great Britain and Ireland wanted the race to be hosted in the British Isles, and their secretary, Claude Johnson, suggested Ireland as the venue because racing was illegal on British public roads. The editor of the "Dublin Motor News", Richard Mecredy, suggested an area in County Kildare, and letters were sent to 102 Irish MPs, 90 Irish peers, 300 newspapers, 34 chairmen of county and local councils, 34 County secretaries, 26 mayors, 41 railway companies, 460 hoteliers, 13 PPs, plus the Bishop of Kildare and Leighlin, Patrick Foley, who pronounced himself in favour. Local laws had to be adjusted, ergo the 'Light Locomotives (Ireland) Bill' was passed on 27 March 1903. Kildare and other local councils drew attention to their areas, whilst Queen’s County declared "That every facility will be given and the roads placed at the disposal of motorists during the proposed race." Eventually Kildare was chosen, partly on the grounds that the straightness of the roads would be a safety benefit. As a compliment to Ireland the British team chose to race in Shamrock green which thus became known as British racing green, although the winning Napier of 1902 had been painted Olive green.
There was considerable public concern about safety after the 1901 Paris-Bordeaux Rally, in which at least eight people had been killed, and severe accidents during the May 24th 1903 Paris-Madrid race where more than 200 cars competed over a distance of but which had to be halted at Bordeaux because there had been so many accidents. To allay these fears the 1903 race was held over a closed course which had been carefully prepared for the event, and was marshalled by 7,000 police officers assisted by troops and club stewards, with strict instructions to keep spectators off the roads and away from corners. The route consisted of two loops that comprised a figure of eight, the first was a 52-mile loop that included Kilcullen, The Curragh, Kildare, Monasterevin, Stradbally, Athy, followed by a 40-mile loop through Castledermot, Carlow, and Athy again. The race started at the Ballyshannon cross-roads () near Calverstown on the contemporary N78 heading north, then followed the N9 north; the N7 west; the N80 south; the N78 north again; the N9 south; the N80 north; the N78 north again.
The official timekeeper of the race was Mr. T. H. Woolen of the Automobile Club of Great Britain and Ireland. Ninety one Chronographs for timing the race were supplied by the Anglo-Swiss firm Stauffer Son & Co. of La Chaux-de-Fonds and London. Competitors were started at seven minute intervals and had to follow bicycles through the 'control zones' in each town.
The race was won by the famous Belgian Camille Jenatzy, driving a Mercedes in German colours.

</doc>
<doc id="36634141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634141" title="Catch the Wave">
Catch the Wave

__NOTOC__
Catch the Wave is an annual professional wrestling tournament promoted by the Pro Wrestling Wave promotion. It has been held since 2009 and takes place between the end of April and the beginning of August. As up until March 2013 there were no singles championships in Pro Wrestling Wave, Catch the Wave was effectively the top singles achievement in the promotion. The tournament is contested in round-robin format with the winners of each block advancing to the semifinals. From 2010 to 2012, the tournament included a "Loser Revival" battle royal, where already eliminated wrestlers battle for the fourth and final spot in the semifinals of the tournament. This system allowed the tournament to be won twice by a wrestler, who was originally eliminated in the round-robin section. From 2011 onwards, the tournament has concluded with an award ceremony. In 2014, Pro Wrestling Wave announced the first Catch the Young Wave tournament, which will run separately from the main tournament with rookie wrestlers. The winner of the main tournament earns the title of and ¥1,000,000.
2009.
The 2009 Catch the Wave took place over nine shows between May 27 and August 11. The tournament included sixteen participants split up into four blocks titled "Comical", "UK", "Visual Technical" and "Young". Matches in the UK block could only be won by knockout or submission and had a ten-minute time limit as opposed to fifteen-minute time limits in the other blocks. Outside participants in the tournament included freelancers Apple Miyuki, Bullfight Sora, Kaoru and Kyoko Kimura, JWP Joshi Puroresu's Pinky Mayuka and Sendai Girls' Pro Wrestling's Ryo Mizunami.
2010.
The 2010 Catch the Wave took place over ten shows between May 30 and August 11. The tournament included fifteen participants split up into three blocks titled "Rival", "Visual Technical" and "Young". Outside participants in the tournament included freelancers Asami Kawasaki, Io Shirai, Kana and Mio Shirai, JWP Joshi Puroresu's Senri Kuroki and Sendai Girls' Pro Wrestling's Ryo Mizunami. On July 4, Kuroki was sidelined with gastroesophageal reflux disease and was forced to forfeit the rest of her matches in the tournament. This tournament introduced the concept of the "Loser Revival" battle royal, where those that finished second and third in their blocks were allowed to compete for a spot in the semifinals of the tournament.
2011.
The 2011 Catch the Wave took place over eight shows between May 2 and July 24. The tournament included fourteen participants split up into three blocks titled "Technical", "Visual" and "Young". Outside participants in the tournament included freelancer Nagisa Nozaki, Kagetsu and Ryo Mizunami from Sendai Girls' Pro Wrestling and Nao Komatsu from Oz Academy. This was the first tournament, where all wrestlers eliminated after the round-robin portion of the tournament were allowed to enter the "Loser Revival" battle royal.
2012.
The 2012 Catch the Wave took place over nine shows between April 30 and July 16. The tournament included fifteen participants split up into three blocks titled "Black Dahlia", "Power" and "White Tails", with two of the blocks made up of members of the Black Dahlia and White Tails stables. Outside participants in the tournament included Hamuko Hoshi and Tsukasa Fujimoto from Ice Ribbon and Syuri from Wrestling New Classic (WNC). The tournament featured a title change, when on June 8, Mio Shirai defeated Ayumi Kurihara to win Dramatic Dream Team's (DDT) Ironman Heavymetalweight Championship.
2013.
The 2013 Catch the Wave took take place over ten shows between May 6 and July 15. The tournament format, which for the first time featured only two round-robin blocks, and the participants were announced on April 26. Outside participants included Arisa Nakajima from JWP Joshi Puroresu, Hikaru Shida from Ice Ribbon, Kagetsu from Sendai Girls' Pro Wrestling and Syuri from Wrestling New Classic (WNC). The top three wrestlers from each block advanced to the knockout stage of the tournament. The winners of the blocks earned spots in the semifinals, while numbers two and three were entered into the first round of the knockout tournament. The two block system resulted in the elimination of the "Loser Revival" battle royal. The tournament featured the first Catch the Wave match to take place outside of Pro Wrestling Wave, when Shuu Shibutani and Syuri faced each other on June 8 in Wave's sister promotion, Osaka Joshi Pro Wrestling. The winner of the tournament became the number one contender to the Wave Single Championship.
2014.
The 2014 Catch the Wave is scheduled to take place between May 5 and July 27. The tournament will once again feature two round-robin blocks of seven wrestlers, divided by their age. Block "Adeyaka" ("Elegant") will feature wrestlers in their thirties and block "Tsuyayaka" ("Glossy") wrestlers in their twenties. Outside participants include Tsukasa Fujimoto from Ice Ribbon and freelancers Hikaru Shida, Hiroyo Matsumoto, Kyoko Kimura and Kyusei Sakura Hirota.
Catch the Young Wave.
Concurrently to the 2014 Catch the Wave tournament, Pro Wrestling Wave will also be holding the first Catch the Young Wave tournament, where six rookie wrestlers compete for a ¥500,000 main prize. Outside participants in the tournament include Risa Sera and Shiori Akiba from Ice Ribbon and Kaho Kobayashi from Wrestling New Classic (WNC)/Reina Joshi Puroresu. Akiba was forced to pull out of the tournament and forfeit her final two matches, after being sidelined as a result of headaches and memory impairment on June 18. The block ended in a four-way tie on June 27, leading to Wave announcing a final match to determine the winner for July 13.

</doc>
<doc id="36634155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634155" title="Christoffer Remmer">
Christoffer Remmer

Christoffer Remmer (born 16 January 1993) is a Danish footballer, playing as right back defender for the Danish Superliga side F.C. Copenhagen.
Remmer joined the first team squad at the beginning of 2012-2013 season, together with Andreas Cornelius and Jakob Busk. Remmer is currently in an apprentice role under Lars Jacobsen and is widely believed to become his successor eventually.
Remmer gained his first Superliga match on 4 August 2012, when he was in the line-up against Esbjerg fB at Blue Water Arena in Esbjerg. 33 minutes into his debut, he assisted on Martin Vingaard's 1-0 goal.

</doc>
<doc id="36634159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634159" title="William De Rosa">
William De Rosa

William De Rosa is an American cellist. De Rosa was lauded as "one of the most brilliant cello talents in the world" by the late Leonard Rose.
Credits.
De Rosa has performed under conductors such as Raymond Leppard, Myung-Whun Chung, James Judd, JoAnn Falletta, Yan-Pascal Tortelier and with numerous orchestras including the Los Angeles and Florida Philharmonics, the Symphony Orchestras of Milwaukee, Utah, and San Francisco and the Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra. De Rosa is a champion of contemporary music. De Rosa is also an active chamber musician. 
As recitalist, De Rosa has performed in the Kennedy Center, Lincoln Center and Carnegie Hall. De Rosa has played in Taiwan's National Concert Hall, and with the Central Philharmonic in Beijing and the Shanghai Symphony. He has also performed extensively in Japan. 
After capturing first prize in the Young Musicians Foundation Piatagorsky Award, De Rosa studied at Juilliard with Leonard Rose and Lynn Harrell. His recording of the Shostakovich cello concerto No. 1 was included in Stereophile Magazine's 1997 list of "Ten Best Recordings".
De Rosa performs on a rare and pristine cello crafted by Domenico Montagnana, Venice 1739.

</doc>
<doc id="36634167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634167" title="Episcopal Conference of the Congo">
Episcopal Conference of the Congo

The local assembly of bishops is the Episcopal Conference of Congo (French: Episcopal Conférence du Congo, CEC).
The CEC is a member of the Association of Episcopal Conferences of the Region of Central Africa and Symposium of Episcopal Conferences of Africa and Madagascar (SECAM).
List of Presidents of the Bishops' Conference:
1970 - 1971: Théophile Mbemba, Archbishop of Brazzaville
1971 - 1977: Emile Biayenda, Archbishop of Brazzaville
1981 - 1986: Georges-Firmin Singha, Bishop of Owando
1986 - 1993: Barthélémy Batantu, Archbishop of Brazzaville
1993 - 1997: Bernard Nsayi, Bishop of Nkayi
1997 - 2003: Anatole Milandou, Archbishop of Brazzaville
2003 - 2006: Ernest Kombo, Bishop of Owando
2006 - ... Louis Portella Mbuyu, Bishop of Kinkala

</doc>
<doc id="36634172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634172" title="Royal Johannesburg &amp; Kensington Golf Club">
Royal Johannesburg &amp; Kensington Golf Club

The Royal Johannesburg & Kensington Golf Club is a 36-hole golf complex located in Johannesburg, Gauteng, South Africa.
The resort opened in 1890 as the Royal Johannesburg Golf Club, and merged with the Kensington Golf Club in 1998. It is part of the PGA Tour network of golf courses. The East Course has hosted the South African PGA Championship since 2005 and the Joburg Open since 2007, the biggest annual professional golf event in Africa; the 2012 field was the largest of the PGA European Tour season, with 2010 players. It also has hosted the International Final Qualifier (Africa) for the Open Championship since 2009, the Sanlam Women's Amateur Golf Championships of South Africa in 2008, and the 5 Nations Commonwealth Tournament in 2007.
History.
Founded on 6 November 1890, members of the Johannesburg Golf Club first began playing "behind Hospital Hill", in an area that later became known as Clarendon Circle and Empire Road. The club did not settle here, moving four times in the next 19 years, before settling in 1909 on the land it still occupies today.
The Club helped create of the Transvaal Golf Union in 1908, and provided the first President of the South African Golf Union in 1910.
In 1930, the Prince of Wales (who later became King Edward VIII), played the West Course. Six months later, he became the club's patron. In July 1931, King George V added the "Royal" prefix to the club’s name.
Little is known about the original Kensington Golf Club that went out of business in 1918. The later version of Kensington hosted a number of significant South African tournaments and competitions, particularly in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s. Kensington merged with Royal Johannesburg in 1998.
West Course.
The West Course was designed in 1909 by Laurie Waters. In 1929, British architect Major Hotchkin made considerable changes to the course, with construction being carried out by club professional Robert Grimsdell.
The 4th hole is regarded as the signature hole. A tributary of the Jukskei River sits at the front the green and is in play along the left hand side of the fairway. The hole is set against the scenic backdrop of Linksfield Ridge.
East Course.
In 1933, the club owners decided to build a second course, which resulted in the purchase of a farm to the east of the club. Grimsdell began designing the new course. Within two years, Grimsdell had constructed 21 new holes, and both the East and West courses were in play. Grimsdell then began construction on a new clubhouse, placed centrally between the two courses. Construction was completed in March 1939. Golf course architect Mark Muller revamped the original construction in 1998.
The 10th and 11th holes are reputed to be the two longest back-to-back par fours in the world. The South African PGA Championship, Joburg Open, and International Final Qualifier (Africa) for the Open Championship all play on this course.
Holes and Yardages.
"Out: 3,543 yards - par 37"
"In: 3,397 yards- par 35"
"Total: 6,940 yards- par 72"
Awards.
The Royal became the first Audubon-certified golf course in South Africa, as it became a "Certified Audubon Cooperative Sanctuary" in 2005. The Club also was the first member-owned club in South Africa to receive the Compleat Golfer 5 Star Golfing Experience Award, and has earned that same award three additional times since then.

</doc>
<doc id="36634175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634175" title="Rath, County Offaly">
Rath, County Offaly

Rath () is a hamlet in the south west area of County Offaly, Ireland. The hamlet is located midway between the towns of Birr and Kilcormac on a northeast-southwest country road. It is located in the parish of Eglish and Drumcullen which is in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Meath. The hamlet has a number of local amenities for the local population including a church (dedicated to St. John the Baptist), a national school, a local community centre and a local shop. Drumcullen GAA is the local GAA club and is located about half a kilometer to the south of the hamlet.
As the place-name suggests; Rath takes its name from the Irish word 'An Ráth' which means Ringfort. Ringforts are circular fortified settlements with some dating as far back as the Iron Age (800 BCE–400 CE). There is no evidence of a ringfort at the present day hamlet, however there are remains of one at nearby Mullinafawnia, a few kilometers south west of the hamlet. Nearby, about 300 m. from the hamlet, is a hill called Rathmount where the local rath may have been.
In Gaelic Ireland, Rath was located in the territory of Firceall, of the Kingdom of Meath. The O'Molloy clan were chieftains of the territory and had a castle in nearby Eglish (the remains of which are still visible today). Following the plantations of Offaly in the 16th century, Firceall was broken up into the Barony's of Eglish, Ballyboy and Ballycowan.
The present day hamlet developed around the old Bennett Estate located in Thomastown, just south of the hamlet which gave regular local employment from the mid-1700s. The present day Catholic church in Rath was built by the family. The Bennett family is an unusual case in being a Catholic Landlord family during the times of the Protestant Ascendancy of Ireland.
Employment in the area is mainly agricultural however there are a number of industries also. Grennans is a family owned Agri-trading business in the hamlet providing much employment. The business mainly deals with the manufacturing and distribution, of Animal Feeds, Farm Fertilisers and Agricultural Seeds and also sell Agrochemicals, Farm Hardware and Farm Plastics. Bord na Mona also have a large briquette factory nearby in Derrinlough.
Nearby villages include Fivealley about 3 km. to the north which is on the N52 motorway and Killyon about 3 km. to the south on R-440, both of which are located within the same parish. Eglish Castle and the Church of St. James, Eglish, are located about 3 km. to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="36634182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634182" title="Parental brain">
Parental brain

Parental experience, as well as changing hormone levels during pregnancy and postpartum, cause changes in the parental brain. Displaying maternal sensitivity towards infant cues, processing those cues and being motivated to engage socially with her infant and attend to the infant's needs in any context could be described as mothering behavior and is regulated by many systems in the maternal brain. Research has shown that hormones such as oxytocin, prolactin, estradiol and progesterone are essential for the onset and the maintenance of maternal behavior in rats, and other mammals as well. Mothering behavior has also been classified within the basic drives (sexual desire, hunger and thirst, fear, power/dominance etc.). Less is known about the paternal brain, but changes in the father's brain occur alongside the mother once the offspring is born.
Maternal brain.
Maternal hormonal effect.
Different hormone levels in the maternal brain and the overall well being of the mother account for 40%–50% of differences in the mother's attachment to her infant. Mothers experience a decrease in estrogen and an increase in oxytocin and prolactin caused by lactation, pregnancy, parturition and interaction with the infant.
Oxytocin.
The levels of oxytocin in the maternal brain correlate with maternal behaviors such as gazing, vocalization, positive affect, affectionate touch and other similar mother-infant relationship behaviors.
Estradiol and progesterone.
High mother-infant attachment correlates with a higher ratio of estradiol/progesterone at the end of pregnancy, than at the beginning.
Cortisol.
In the first few days after giving birth the levels of cortisol are high which correlates with maternal approach behavior and positive maternal attitudes. Mothers with high levels of cortisol were also found to be more vocal towards their children. Mothers who experienced adversity in their own childhood, had higher daily patterns of cortisol levels, and were less maternally sensitive.
Glucocorticoids.
Glucocorticoids are not essential for displaying maternal behaviors, but in mothers, the levels of glucocorticoids are elevated as to initiate lactation.
Neuroanatomy.
Different areas/structures of the brain are associated with different factors which contribute to maternal behavior. One's own infant acts as a special stimulus which triggers activation of different areas of the brain. These brain areas together allow for maternal behavior and related systems.
The Medial Preoptic Area (MPOA) of the hypothalamus contains receptors for estradiol, progesterone, prolactin, oxytocin, vasopressin and opioids. All these hormones are involved in some way in activating maternal behavior in the brain. The following are other behavioral changes necessary for mothering that the MPOA is responsible for:
The amygdala and medial prefrontal cortex also contain receptors for the hormones which are most likely to be changing behavior at the time of pregnancy, and may be the sites where these changes occur. Increased activity has also been observed in the amygdala as the mother is responding to emotions seen in negative (fearful) faces, positive faces or familiar faces that her baby makes. Primate mothers with damage to the prefrontal cortex have also been associated with disrupted maternal behavior.
The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex(DLPFC) plays a role in the attention, cognitive flexibility and working memory of the mother. It helps the mother identify infant cues. In any environment and efficiently, it allows for the decision-making and action planning process involved in attending to the infant's cues.
The thalamus, parietal cortex, and brain stem serve for processing the smell, touch and vocalization associated with the infant.
Postpartum changes.
Changes in estrogen, oxytocin and prolactin in the early postpartum period cause changes in the structures of the maternal brain.
In animal mothers.
Postpartum, new neuron production is suppressed due to decreased levels of estrogen and increased levels of glucocorticoids mother rats. Mother-infant interaction is also thought to suppress neurogenesis in the hippocampus postpartum in the rat maternal brain. Maternal experience increases neurogenesis in the subventricular zone (SBZ) which is responsible for producing the neurons of the olfactory bulb. Prolactin is the hormone which mediates the increase in neurogenesis in SBZ.
In animals, structures of the mother's brain change postpartum due to the increased interaction of the mother with the infant.
The volume of gray matter increases portpartum in the following brain regions:
These changes in the brain may occur in order to promote appropriate mothering behavior. The mother's positive attitude towards the infant can be used as a predictor for the increase in gray matter in the above stated brain structures.
Also in rats, the increased interaction with pups causes an increase in density in the MPOA. Postpartum increase in gray matter volumes may help the mother activate the motivation to perform maternal behavior in response to cue from their offspring.
Postpartum, the substantia nigra activates positive responses to the pup stimuli via dopamine neurons.
In human mothers.
The amygadala, prefrontal cortex and hypothalamus begin to change during pregnancy due to the high levels of stress experienced by the mother during this time.
In human mothers there was a correlation between increased gray matter volume in the substantia nigra and positive emotional feelings towards the infant.
Other changes such as menstrual cycle, hydration, weight and nutrition may also be factors which trigger the maternal brain to change during pregnancy and postpartum.
Maternal experience alters behaviors which stem from the hippocampus such as enhancing spatial navigation learning and behaviors linked with anxiety.
Early experiences and shaping.
Women who had a positive experience involving their family in their childhood are more likely to be more maternally sensitive and provide that same experience for their own children. Mothers that had negative experiences involving their families undergo neurobiological changes which lead to high stress reactivity and insecure attachment. This causes lower maternal responsiveness to their infant's needs.
Rat mothers provide high levels of maternal care (licking and grooming) to their offspring if they themselves received high maternal care as a pup from their own mothers. Rat mothers who received low levels of maternal care as pups have lower levels of expression of the glucocorticoid receptor gene and lower synaptic density in the hippocampus. In human mothers, lower hippocampal volume has been associated with a lower ability to regulate emotions and stress, which can be linked with decreased maternal sensitivity as a mother. Mothers with insecure attachments to their own mothers display higher amygdala sensitivity to negative emotional stimuli, like hearing their infant cry. Having more difficulty dealing with stress makes mothers less responsive to their infant's cues.
Larger gray matter and increased activations of the following brain areas occur in mothers who had experienced higher quality maternal care as infants:
This allows the mother to be more sensitive to her own infant's needs.
Postpartum depression has also been associated with mothers who received low quality maternal care early in their own life.
Paternal brain.
In only 6% of mammalian species, including humans, the father plays a significant role in caring for his young. Similar to the changes that occur in the maternal brain, the same areas of the brain (amygdala, hypothalamus, prefrontal cortex, olfactory bulb etc.) are activated in the father, and hormonal changes occur in the paternal brain to ensure display of parenting behavior.
Paternal hormonal effect.
An increase in levels of oxytocin, glucocorticoids, estrogen and prolactin occur in the paternal brain. These hormonal changes occur through the father's interaction with the mother and his offspring. Oxytocin levels are positively correlated with the amount of affection the father displays towards the child. In humans, and in other primate species, lower levels of testosterone have been linked to the display of paternal behavior.
In animal fathers.
In father rats, just as in the mother rats, a decrease in neurogenesis in the hippocampus occurs postpartum. Just like in mothers, fathers also have increased levels of glucocorticoids which are thought to suppress the production of new cells in the brain.
Marmoset fathers have enhanced dendritic spine density in the prefrontal cortex. This increase correlates with increase in vasopressin receptors in this area of the paternal brain. With age, this effect is reversed, and is therefore believed to be driven by father-infant interactions.
Changes in neurogenesis in the prefrontal cortex of the paternal brain have been linked in some species to recognition of kin.
In human fathers.
Being exposed to crying babies activates the prefrontal cortex and the amygdala in both fathers and mothers, but not in non-parents. The level of testosterone in the paternal brain correlates with the effectiveness of the dad's response to the baby's cry. Increased levels of prolactin in the paternal brain has also been correlated with a more positive response to the infant's cry.

</doc>
<doc id="36634193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634193" title="Ruisreikäleipä">
Ruisreikäleipä

Ruisreikäleipä is a kind of Finnish bread, a flat rye flour loaf with a hole in the middle. It is sometimes less correctly referred to as reikäleipä, shorter term without "ruis" (rye) which applies also to the oat loaf with a hole.
The baking of "ruisreikäleipä" is a tradition in western Finland.
In eastern Finland thick rye bread, usually called "ruislimppu" (rye loaf), is more common, but traditionally only bread baked from rye has been called bread in the Karelia and Savo (eastern) regions.
The hole had a functional purpose: the bread was baked in flat rings to be placed on poles suspended just below the kitchen ceiling to mature and dry in the relative warmth. Usually many loaves were baked at once.
The poles also remained the place of storage so that the bread aged, in its many forms, over the long winter.
Nowadays this kind of bread is available in all its forms and stages of aging throughout the whole of Finland, regardless of season, and is one main component of the Finnish diet.
The way it was prepared is related to the way houses used to be built in western Finland, that is with the baking oven separate from the heating oven. In eastern Finland, where the oven used to be heated every day, it was more common to eat freshly baked bread and to cook various kinds of long-stewed oven foods like the Karelian hot pot.
Unlike "ruislimppu", there is no discernible difference between the skin and the core of "ruisreikäleipä", as the dark outer color and the soft inner core are missing. Considerably more roughage is present, and the bread is rather dense compared to the other traditional breads. Some flour, seed and even yeast remnants can top the bread; less moisture is present; and the texture is somewhere between gummy, unyielding and downright crackery, depending on age. This reflects the bread's role as an indefinitely storable foodstuff which would last from the fertile summer through the relatively long and harsh northern winter.
As a result, "ruisreikäleipä" takes some time and effort to chew down properly. In the process it then acquires a peculiar culinary quality: it starts off as rather sour and earthy in taste, but by the time it is ready to be swallowed, amylase enzymes in the saliva have already broken down enough of the starch in it to make it sweeter.

</doc>
<doc id="36634196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634196" title="Meeting Evil">
Meeting Evil

Meeting Evil is a 2012 film directed by Chris Fisher. It is based on the 1992 novel "Meeting Evil" by Thomas Berger. It stars Samuel L. Jackson and Luke Wilson.
Plot.
John Felton (Luke Wilson), who lives in Orly County, in an unnamed southern state, has a wife named Joanie (Leslie Bibb), and two kids named Sam (Gabrielle Harvey) and John Jr. (Sam Robbins). John is a mild-mannered real estate agent who has just been fired, making his personal crisis—his marriage is on the rocks due to his infidelity—go from bad to worse.
John comes home and finds a foreclosure notice on the front door, and goes inside to a surprise birthday party thrown by Joanie and the kids. The foreclosure notice has John angry, so Joanie takes the kids to a local park.
As John is in the backyard, staring at the hole that's being dug for the swimming pool he's having installed, there is an incessant banging on the front door. John answers, and it's a man who calls himself Richie (Samuel L. Jackson). He's wearing a suit and a fedora. Richie says his car, a 1972 Pontiac GTO broke down and requires a push. As John pushes the car from the back while Richie steers, the car backfires, injuring John's left knee.
Richie offers to take John to the hospital, and he reluctantly accepts, not realizing that he's leaving his wallet and cell phone behind at the house. On the way, John wonders about Richie's strange behavior (among those odd behaviors, the continuous "whistling Dixie") and Richie stops at a bar. John goes across the street to a cell phone dealership, where Rhonda (Tina Parker), a clerk with a severe attitude problem, denies him the use of a phone to call Joanie.
At the bar, John crosses paths with Trevor (Jason Alan Smith), the man who fired him, and Tammy Strate (Peyton List), the woman he cheated on Joanie with. Tammy was Trevor's girlfriend, and she had left Trevor to be with John. That might be why Trevor fired him.
A few minutes later, police cars start showing up, and Richie suggests that he and John leave. They leave with Tammy in her car, and once they get out onto a remote part of the road, a trucker (Danny Epper) harasses them and forces them to pull over.
The trucker is Rhonda's boyfriend, angry that Rhonda has been killed, and he thinks John did it. John gets out of the car, and the trucker approaches him with a tire iron. Suddenly, Richie hits the trucker with the car, killing the trucker. It turns out that Richie, who killed Rhonda, is a murderous psychopath. But local detectives Frank (Muse Watson) and Latisha (Tracie Thoms) think John is the killer.
John realizes that this was not the day to play good samaritan. He and Tammy are in for a violent ride that they don't want to be on. Tammy escapes from Richie, and John tries to escape, Richie, disguised as a deputy, recaptures John. John forces Richie to let him go, and Richie threatens Joanie and the kids.
After a massacre at a store, John is arrested by Frank, who refuses to believe John's story about Richie, and that night, Latisha learns that John is not the killer—murders were committed in a diner while John was in custody, and Tammy has corroborated John's story about Richie.
Frank releases John, who goes home with Joanie and the kids, and Frank and Latisha, who thought Richie was killed at the diner, learn that he's still alive, and may be on his way to the Felton house.
In fact, Richie is already there, harassing the Feltons, and it's raining heavily. While they are eating dinner, Richie explains to John that Joanie is having an affair and had, in fact, hired Richie to kill him for insurance money. John attacks Joanie being egged on by Richie, she tries to stab John with a knife and he takes it from her ready to do the same but instead stabs Richie and she then uses one of John's golf clubs to attack Richie as well. It gets to where John and Richie crash through a window and fall into the pool hole struggling, which has been filled with water because of the rain. Frank and Latisha arrive, and Latisha fires a shot that kills Richie. That night, in bed, Joanie asks if everything is going to be okay, and Joanie turns out her light. John turns out his light, ominously whistling Dixie, just like Richie.
Reception.
The reviewer aggregator site rotten tomatoes gives 'Meeting Evil' 13%.

</doc>
<doc id="36634201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634201" title="Mergen Mamedov">
Mergen Mamedov

Mergen Mamedov (born 1990) is a Turkmenistan athlete. He competed in hammer throw at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36634207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634207" title="Episcopal Conference of Malawi">
Episcopal Conference of Malawi

The local assembly of bishops is the Episcopal Conference of Malawi (Episcopal Conference of Malawi, ECM), established in 1966. Constituent bodies of the ECM are: the plenary assembly of bishops, the Catholic Secretariat and six committees (Catholic development, justice and peace, education, health, pastoral care and communications).
The ECM is a member of the Association of Member Episcopal Conferences in Eastern Africa (AMECEA) and Symposium of Episcopal Conferences of Africa and Madagascar (SECAM).
List of Presidents of the Bishops' Conference:
1966–1967: John Baptist Hubert Theunissen, Archbishop of Blantyre
1969–1980: James Chiona, Archbishop of Blantyre
1980–1984: Felix Eugenio Mkhori, Bishop of Chikwawa
1984–1994: James Chiona, Archbishop of Blantyre
1994–2000: Felix Eugenio Mkhori, Bishop of Chikwawa
2000–present: Tarcisius Gervazio Ziyaye, Bishop of Lilongwe and Archbishop of Blantyre

</doc>
<doc id="36634210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634210" title="Targett">
Targett

Targett is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36634236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634236" title="Konstadinos Stathelakos">
Konstadinos Stathelakos

Constantinos Stathelakos (born 30 December 1987) is a Cypriot athlete. He was born in Lamia, Greece. He competed in hammer throw at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36634238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634238" title="German submarine U-277">
German submarine U-277

German submarine "U-277" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
The submarine was laid down on 3 March 1942 at the "Bremer Vulkan" yard at Bremen-Vegesack as 'werk' 42. She was launched on 7 November 1942 and commissioned on 21 December under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Robert Lübsen.
Service history.
"U-274" served with the 8th U-boat Flotilla for training from December 1942 to May 1943 and operationally with the 6th U-boat Flotilla from 1 June. She carried out six patrols, but sank no ships. She was a member of six wolfpacks.
She carried out a short voyage between Kiel in Germany and Bergen in Norway over June 1943.
1st patrol.
The boat departed Bergen on 29 June 1943 and docked at Hammerfest via Bear Island on 17 August.
2nd patrol.
For her second sortie, "U-277" departed Hammerfest on 29 August 1943. Her route took her as far north as Svalbard before arriving at Narvik on 10 October.
3rd and 4th patrols.
The boat's third patrol took her round Bear Island, but was otherwise uneventful.
Her fourth foray was followed by a series of short 'hops' between Hammerfest, Narvik, Trondheim and Bergen. During one of them, she ran aground and had to be towed off the offending rocks. The damage caused forced an immediate return to base.
5th and 6th patrols and loss.
Her penultimate, official patrol was between Narvik and Hammerfest.
She left Hammerfest for the last time on 11 April 1944. She was sunk southwest of Bear Island by depth charges dropped from a Fairey Swordfish of No. 842 Squadron, Fleet Air Arm on 1 May. The aircraft had come from the carrier .
Fifty men died; there were no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="36634239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634239" title="Iko Mirković">
Iko Mirković

Iko Mirković was a Montenegrin politician and historian. He served as mayor of Titograd between 1953 and 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36634240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634240" title="Samuel H. Hammond">
Samuel H. Hammond

Samuel Haight Hammond (March 12, 1809 Bath, Steuben County, New York – November 27, 1878 Watertown, Jefferson County, New York) was an American lawyer, author, newspaper editor and politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of Lazarus Hammond, the founder of Hammondsport. On September 3, 1828, he married Emeline Anne Humphrey (1808–1873), granddaughter of Congressman Reuben Humphrey (1757–1831), and they had six children. He studied law, was admitted to the bar, and practiced.
He entered politics as an Abolitionist, then joined successively the Democratic Party, the Whig Party, the Whigs' Silver Grey faction, the American Party and finally became a Republican.
About 1844, he removed to Albany. He was District Attorney of Albany County from 1848 to 1850. In 1853, he became the editor of the "Albany State Register".
In 1856, he returned to Bath and resumed the practice of law. He was a member of the New York State Senate (27th D.) in 1860 and 1861.
In 1864, he removed to Watertown. He was buried at the Brookside Cemetery in Watertown.

</doc>
<doc id="36634256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634256" title="Butler Cave Conservation Society">
Butler Cave Conservation Society

The Butler Cave Conservation Society (BCCS) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit Virginia corporation dedicated to the conservation, exploration, survey, preservation, and scientific study of Virginia's longest and deepest cave systems.
The BCCS currently owns three properties in Bath and Highland counties totaling 159 acres, protecting the entrances to Butler Cave, Bobcat Cave, Robins Rift, and many other minor caves. As of August 2012, Butler Cave is the 42nd longest cave in the United States, and the Chestnut Ridge Cave system (including Bobcat Cave) is the 28th longest cave in the US. 
The BCCS is an affiliated cave conservancy of the National Speleological Society. 
History.
The BCCS was formed by a group of Virginia and Pennsylvania cavers in 1968, making it the first cave conservancy in the United States.
The idea of forming a society to protect and manage Butler Cave was formulated in July 1968 by Nevin C. and Thelma Davis, and Ike and Connie Nicholson, and the society was formed on 2 November 1968. The society then shortly leased the property containing the entrance to Butler Cave, and formally incorporated on 15 May 1970. 
In the mid-1960s, Butler Cave was the longest cave in Virginia known. Being the longest cave in Virginia, the cave attracted much attention from recreational and exploratory cavers, and incidents of vandalism and trespassing grew. After forming in 1968, BCCS established an access policy to curb prior problems of vandalism and trespassing, and the policy was announced in the NSS News in 1971. 
In February 1971, the BCCS began work on performing a comprehensive study of the caves and karst of the Burnsville Cove (Virginia) area, and the study was published in The NSS Bulletin. The 101-page July 1982 NSS Bulletin was completely devoted to this topic. 
In 1973, Butler Cave and Breathing Cave were designated as a National Natural Landmark by the National Park Service. 
In 2012, the BCCS made its third land acquisition, the 10 acre property containing the entrance to Robin's Rift.

</doc>
<doc id="36634271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634271" title="Inter-territorial Catholic Bishops' Conference of The Gambia and Sierra Leone">
Inter-territorial Catholic Bishops' Conference of The Gambia and Sierra Leone

The Catholic bishops in Sierra Leone and Gambia form the Inter-territorial Catholic Bishops' Conference of The Gambia and Sierra Leone (ITCABIC) based in the Sierra Leonean capital Freetown. It was created in 1975, including the Bishops of Gambia, Liberia and Sierra Leone. The Liberian bishops formed a national bishops' conference in 1998.
The ITCABIC is a member of the Association of Episcopal Conferences of Anglophone West Africa (AECAWA) and Symposium of Episcopal Conferences of Africa and Madagascar (SECAM).

</doc>
<doc id="36634275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634275" title="Laguta">
Laguta

Laguta is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36634279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634279" title="Nenad Jovanovic">
Nenad Jovanovic

Nenad Jovanovic (born 9 November 1979) is a Serbian-Austrian footballer who plays for Wolfsberger AC.

</doc>
<doc id="36634284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634284" title="Gizatullin">
Gizatullin

Gizatullin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36634293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634293" title="2012 Comerica Bank Challenger">
2012 Comerica Bank Challenger

The 2012 Comerica Bank Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the 24th edition of the tournament which was part of the 2012 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Aptos, United States between 6 and 12 August July 2012.
Singles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="36634295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634295" title="Gordeev">
Gordeev

Gordeev is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36634297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634297" title="2012–13 North Superleague">
2012–13 North Superleague

The 2012–13 North Superleague was the twelfth staging of the North Superleague, the highest tier of league competition in the North Region of the Scottish Junior Football Association. The season began on 4 August 2012. The winners of this competition gain direct entry to round one of the 2013–14 Scottish Cup.
Culter won the championship on 4 May 2013, the clubs sixth Superleague title.
Member clubs for the 2012–13 season.
Hermes were the reigning champions. North Division One winners Inverness City were ineligible for promotion to the Superleague on ground criteria. Division One runners-up Fraserburgh United replaced the relegated Sunnybank.
Deveronside, who finished third in Division One, defeated thirteenth placed Forres Thistle 7–1 in a play-off arranged to decide the final promotion/relegation spot.

</doc>
<doc id="36634304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634304" title="1991–92 Courage League National Division Two">
1991–92 Courage League National Division Two

The 1991–92 Courage League National Division Two was the fifth full season of rugby union within the second tier of the English league system, currently known as the RFU Championship. There was a total of thirteen teams in the division, with each team meeting the other teams once to give total of twelve matches each. London Scottish, the champions, were promoted to the Courage League National Division One for season 1992–93 along with the runners–up West Hartlepool. In last place, Liverpool St Helens became the first team to lose all their league matches in one season, and along with Plymouth Albion who finished one place above them, are relegated to Courage League National Division Three for the following season. Liverpool St Helens have been promoted or relegated in each of the five seasons of league rugby, and are relegated for the second season in succession.
Participating teams.
Joining the nine teams who remained in the division from last season were Moseley and Liverpool St Helens, who finished 12th and 13th respectively in Courage League Division One the previous year. It was Moseleys first season in the second tier whilst Liverpool St Helen continued their "yo–yoing" between the top two division, having been promoted twice and relegated twice in the first four seasons. Last season's Division Three champions West Hartlepool and runners–up Morley both played in Division Two for the first time. Blackheath and Newcastle Gosforth are the only teams to have played every season in the second division.
Table.
<noinclude>
Sponsorship.
National Division Two is part of the Courage Clubs Championship and is sponsored by Courage Brewery

</doc>
<doc id="36634319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634319" title="2012 Comerica Bank Challenger – Singles">
2012 Comerica Bank Challenger – Singles

Laurynas Grigelis, the defending champion, didn't participate this year.<br>
Steve Johnson won the title, defeating Robert Farah 6–3, 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36634320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634320" title="Clyde Taylor">
Clyde Taylor

Clyde Taylor is an African-American writer and film scholar, who is an emeritus professor at New York University, and a contributor to journals such as "Black Film Review" and "Jump Cut". He coined the term 'L.A. Rebellion' for the Los Angeles School of Black Filmmakers movement.

</doc>
<doc id="36634324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634324" title="Palner">
Palner

Palner is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36634326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634326" title="Anatolii Cîrîcu">
Anatolii Cîrîcu

Anatolii Cîrîcu (born September 14, 1988 in Cahul) is a Moldovan weightlifter.
Cîrîcu is the champion of the 2012 European Weightlifting Championships for the 94 kg category. He also participated in the 2011 European Weightlifting Championships, where he won the Silver medal.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics he won the bronze medal in the men's 94kg category, lifting a total of 407 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="36634331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634331" title="Haltlose personality disorder">
Haltlose personality disorder

Haltlose personality disorder is an ICD-10 personality disorder in which affected individuals are selfish, irresponsible and hedonistic. They have many similarities with dissocial personality disorder and its DSM counterpart antisocial personality disorder. Haltlose people have a strong present time orientation with no long-term goals. They have no conscientiousness or concentration; they do not feel remorse or learn from experience. They are typically overoptimistic. They have charm and are easily persuaded, features in common with histrionic personality disorder. Many haltlosen are alcoholics and associate with antisocials.
"Haltlos" is a German word which means drifting, aimless, irresponsible.

</doc>
<doc id="36634335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634335" title="Lapper">
Lapper

Lapper is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36634339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634339" title="Svante Lindqvist">
Svante Lindqvist

Lars Svante Albert Lindqvist (born 26 April 1948) is a Swedish historian of technology and as of 2010, the current Marshal of the Realm of Sweden and chief of the Royal Court of Sweden.
Biography.
Lindqvist is the son of architect Åke E. Lindqvist and Barbro Åström. He holds an MSE in engineering physics from the Royal Institute of Technology since 1977. After contact with Torsten Althin, he had written a thesis with focus on historical technology. He holds a Ph.D in science and ideas history from Uppsala University since 1984. His doctoral dissertation was about the introduction of the steam engine in Sweden in the early 18th century.
Lindqvist later became a professor of art history at the Royal Institute of Technology, but left in 1998 to become head of the Nobel Museum, which was inaugurated in 2001.
Lindqvist is a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences since 1992, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences (KVA) since 1994 and the Royal Swedish Academy of Letters, History and Antiquities since 2002.
On 1 July 2009 he was appointed the KVA's praeses, for a three-year term. He was succeeded by Barbara Cannon on 1 July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36634345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634345" title="Episcopal Conference of Guinea">
Episcopal Conference of Guinea

The local assembly of bishops is the Episcopal Conference of Guinea (French: Episcopal Conférence de la Guinée, CEG).
The ECG is a member of the Regional Episcopal Conference of Francophone West Africa and Symposium of Episcopal Conferences of Africa and Madagascar (SECAM).
List of Presidents:
1970 - 1979: Raymond-Marie Tchidimbo, Archbishop of Conakry
1985 - 2001: Robert Sarah, Archbishop of Conakry
2002 - 2007: Philippe Kourouma, Bishop of N'Zérékoré
2007 - ... : Vincent Coulibaly, Archbishop of Conakry

</doc>
<doc id="36634354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634354" title="Girirra language">
Girirra language

Girirra is a poorly attested Cushitic language of Ethiopia. It has extensive borrowing from Somali.

</doc>
<doc id="36634364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634364" title="Samuel Julies">
Samuel Julies

Samuel Julies (born April 28, 1991) is a South African football midfielder who plays for National First Division club Vasco Da Gama, on loan from Mamelodi Sundowns.

</doc>
<doc id="36634368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634368" title="The Revolution That Wasn't">
The Revolution That Wasn't

"The Revolution That Wasn't" (, , ) is a 2008 documentary film by Russian filmmaker Alyona Polunina, on the National Bolshevik Party and the Dissenters' March.
Content.
The film shows Anatoliy's and Grigori's life. Since 1997, they have been members of the National Bolshevik Party

</doc>
<doc id="36634418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634418" title="Barner">
Barner

Barner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36634435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634435" title="Unitas Sports Club">
Unitas Sports Club

Sports Club Unitas (Swedish "Sportklubben Unitas") was a sports club in Helsinki, Finland. It was founded in 1905 by sportsmen who had left Reipas Helsinki. Unitas was the first club to win the Finnish football championship title in 1908.
Football was the most important sport for Unitas. They played in the first-ever public football match in Finland, against Amateur-Sportverein from Saint Petersburg, Russia in September 1906. In October of the same year, Unitas arranged a nationwide cup format competition in Kaisaniemi, Helsinki. This was the forerunner of the Finnish championship competition, which in the early years was played in a cup format.

</doc>
<doc id="36634438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634438" title="John M. Bevan">
John M. Bevan

John M. "Jack" Bevan was an American academic and innovator in higher education.
Early years.
He was born December 5, 1924, in Wilkes-Barre, PA, the son of William and Elizabeth Jones Bevan. He remained proud of his strong Welsh heritage throughout his life. When Dr. Bevan walked into a room he was immediately noted for his colorful bow-ties, but nothing distracted those in attendance from the overpowering baritone voice that commanded attention when he rose to speak. Sometimes referred to by faculty as “the Burning Bush,” he ignited challenge after challenge to his colleagues and students alike. “The greatest unused resource we have in this country is the minds of young people,” he said and his goal was for the academic community to teach those young minds how to be great thinkers and decision makers for their generation and generations to come.
Education.
Jack Bevan received his AB from Franklin and Marshall College, and his BD, MA and PHD degrees from Duke University. In addition, he was awarded honorary Doctor of Science and Doctor of Law Degrees. He was the founding academic vice-president of Florida Presbyterian College (later named Eckerd College) in St. Petersburg, Florida, and for the rest of his life cherished the memory of the talented faculty he was able to bring together to establish one of most unique curricula in the country. He served in similar capacities at The College of Charleston, Davidson College in Davidson, NC, and The University of the Pacific, Stockton, California. Prior to moving into administration, he had been a professor of psychology at Heidelberg College, Davidson College, and Duke University. Dr. Bevan served as Executive Director of the Charleston Higher Education Consortium and as an adjunct professor in the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, School of Medicine, Medical University of South Carolina prior to his retirement in 1986.
Acknowledgements.
Dr. Bevan is remembered for his innovative approaches to education, his motivational challenges to members in the academic community and his dynamic oratory. He developed the first 4-1-4 programs, which were later adopted by countless universities across the country, the first undergraduate Teacher Corps Program] and one of the three initial Upward Bound Programs. He developed the South Carolina's Governor's School and the South Carolina Professional Development Program for Science and Mathematics Teachers. He traveled extensively in Asia and helped develop academic programs in Japan, Taiwan, Hong Kong and India.
Community service.
Committed to community service and each individual’s responsibility to leave the world a better place, Dr. Bevan continued his work after retiring. He became a member of the Board of Trustees of Thornwell Home and School for Children, a member of the Board of Directors of Habitat for Humanity and Covenant House, a member of the Sumter Rotary and Fortnightly Clubs as well as the Cosmos Club of Washington, DC. He is remembered at Eckerd College through The John M. Bevan Award presented to an outstanding faculty member each year and The Bevan Memorial Scholarship which is awarded annually to rising juniors who are a catalyst for positive innovative programs within the college and community at large. The faculty lounge is also named in his honor.
Family.
Dr. Bevan married Louise Dabbs Bevan from the Salem Black River Community in South Carolina in 1946. He worked tirelessly “to save the world before next Friday.” His wife, Louise, supported him throughout and moved forward to complete several of his projects following his death. Together they had four children: Brenda, Elizabeth, John Jr., and Megan. In addition, he is survived by six grandchildren. Dr. Bevan was a member and elder at Salem Black River Presbyterian Church in the Salem Black River Community where his remains are interred. He is remembered as generous man of high principles who expected nothing less than the best effort possible from all who knew him.

</doc>
<doc id="36634447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634447" title="State Bank of Edinburg">
State Bank of Edinburg

The State Bank of Edinburg on Main Ave. in Edinburg, North Dakota was built in 1900. It has also been known as Citizens State Bank. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2001. According to the building's NRHP nomination form, it is the last remaining banking house from the early 1900s and an example of the banks that played an important role in the area's small towns.

</doc>
<doc id="36634448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634448" title="Erotic target location error">
Erotic target location error

Erotic target location error (ETLE) is having a sexual preference or strong sexual interest in features that are somewhere other than on one's sexual partners.
When one's sexual arousal is based on imagining oneself in another physical form (such as an animal, an infant, or an amputee) the erotic target is said to be one's self, or erotic target identity inversion.
The terms "erotic target location error" and "erotic target identity inversion" were first used in 1993 by sexologist Ray Blanchard.
Types.
The best known examples of erotic target identity inversions are biological males who experience sexual arousal in response to imagining themselves as women (called autogynephilia), but at least one case of anatomic autoandrophilia has also been reported. Whereas gynephilia refers to the sexual preference for women, autogynephilia refers to a male's sexual interest in being a woman. Autogynephilia can be associated with gender dysphoria and gender identity disorder, discontent with one's biological sex and the desire to undergo surgery for sex reassignment and permanently take on a role and life of the other sex. A male with sexual arousal based on temporarily taking on the appearance or role of a woman is transvestic fetishism.
Several other sexual interests also exist in ETLE forms:
Whereas acrotomophilia refers to the sexual preference for amputees, apotemnophilia refers to sexual arousal in association with having an amputation, although both can be experienced at the same time. Apotemnophilia can be associated with the strong belief or desire that one's external body is mismatched to one's true nature, a phenomenon called body integrity identity disorder, and the desire to undergo surgery to remove a limb. People who temporarily adopt the role or identity of an amputee have been called disability pretenders.
Whereas zoophilia refers to the sexual preference for animals, autozoophilia refers to sexual arousal in association with being an animal. Autozoophilia can be associated with the feeling or belief that one is less than 100% human or that one is an animal trapped in a human body, a phenomenon called species dysphoria.
The sexual attraction to plush animals is termed plushophilia. Anne Lawrence has proposed the terms "autoplushophilia" for the sexual attraction to being or changing one's body to have plush features, and "fursuitism" for sexual arousal from wearing a fursuit to temporarily resemble an anthropomorphic animal.
Whereas pedophilia refers to the sexual preference for children, paraphilic infantilism refers to the sexual interest in being a child.
The parallels between gender identity disorder and apotemnophilia have been noted, as have the similarities between gender identity disorder and species identity disorder.
Sexuality in subcultures.
There are many subcultures of people who are interested in transforming themselves to various degrees and interacting in their new role or identity. Such interactions can include sexual interactions with other members of the community. There is debate in these communities regarding whether their desire to transform is based on their sexual interests in the new form or based on feeling like they are part animal.
Criticism.
In a letter to the editor of "The Journal of Sex Research," San Francisco-based physician and activist Charles Allen Moser criticized Lawrence' endorsement of the concept of ETLEs. He noted that "there is nothing wrong with creating or expanding a classification system of sexual interests" but believed that Lawrence "pathologizes nonstandard sexual expression" and that "ETLEs are a slippery slope," whereas Moser's view is that all sexual phenomena should be removed from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM). Lawrence responded that "Moser's critiques of the paraphilias rely on fallacious reasoning" and that "most of his other criticism...results from his having ignored or misinterpreted my statements, either inadvertently or for rhetorical purposes." She indicated that "Moser correctly observed that such an unwarranted generalization would lead to ludicrous conclusions; but these would be wholly attributable to Moser's ludicrous misinterpretation of what I actually wrote."

</doc>
<doc id="36634473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634473" title="Hot Chocolate Massage">
Hot Chocolate Massage

Creating Hot Chocolate Massage is the third album by folk rock band Tiny Lights, released in 1990 through Absolute A Go Go Records.
Release and reception.
Critics of the "Trouser Press" felt that extensive touring had given the band "muscle and maturity" and noted the overall live feeling of the album. Allmusic critic Jason Ankeny criticized the album of lacking focus due to excessive experimentation. Despite this he gave it four and a half out of five stars, calling the high points of "Hot Chocolate Massage" "sublime" and "daring and eclectic" 

</doc>
<doc id="36634478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634478" title="Gillian Carleton">
Gillian Carleton

Gillian Carleton is a Canadian road and track cyclist. Carleton won the bronze medal at the 2012 London Olympics in the women's team pursuit. In preparation for the Olympics she finished second in the team pursuit at the Track Cycling World Cup in London in February 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="36634485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634485" title="L Khengjang">
L Khengjang

L. Khengjang the oldest village in Leimata Area. It is situated 56 Kilometer to the north of Churachandpur district headquarters. 

</doc>
<doc id="36634499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634499" title="Invisible Touch Tour">
Invisible Touch Tour

The Invisible Touch Tour was a worldwide concert tour by the English rock band Genesis. The tour began on 18 September 1986 in Detroit and ended on 4 July 1987 in London. London dates at Wembley Stadium were filmed for a video release entitled "Genesis Live at Wembley Stadium".
Setlist.
Whilst the setlist varied, this is a representation of the average setlist from this tour.
Every song from the "Invisible Touch" album was performed throughout the tour except for "Anything She Does". On the Australian leg, "Your Own Special Way" was performed for the first time since 1977. The 1987 U.S. and European legs of the tour saw the "Supper's Ready" section of the "In the Cage" medley dropped in favour of "Afterglow"*+. "In Too Deep" and "Follow You, Follow Me" were dropped from set.
New songs "Throwing It All Away", "Land of Confusion" and "Invisible Touch" contained several high notes that were vocally challenging for Phil Collins to sing repeatedly every night. To prevent possible damage to his voice, the songs were performed in a lower key from their original studio recordings as a safety measure.

</doc>
<doc id="36634500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634500" title="William H. Nicholas">
William H. Nicholas

William H. Nicholas (October 10, 1892 – August 13, 1984) was an American Republican politician.
Born in Butler County, Iowa, Nicholas raised turkeys in Cerro Gordo County, Iowa and served in the United States Navy during World War I. Nicholas served in the Iowa House of Representatives in 1947. Later he served as Lieutenant Governor of Iowa in 1951-1953 and 1957-1959. He died in Mason City, Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="36634504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634504" title="Jasmin Glaesser">
Jasmin Glaesser

Jasmin Glaesser is a Canadian cyclist. Glaesser was part of the Canadian team that won bronze medals at the 2012 London Olympics in the women's team pursuit. She was also part of the team that won gold at the 2011 Pan American Games in the team pursuit. 
Glaesser was born in Germany and currently resides in Coquitlam, British Columbia. She received her Canadian citizenship shortly before the 2012 Olympics.
Career.
Her first competition for Canada was at the 2011 Pan American Games where she won gold for her new nation. Glaesser then appeared for Canada at the 2012 World Championships, there she won a silver in the points race before adding a bronze as a member of the team pursuit. She built onto this the next season, where she finished in preparation for the Olympics second in the team pursuit at the Track Cycling World Cup in London in February 2012 and won bronze as a part of the Canada's women's team pursuit at the 2012 Olympics together with Tara Whitten and Gillian Carleton. After winning the bronze Glaesser said "We were so ready to just go out there and do our best. Team Canada, in coming here, has a saying, ‘Give Your Everything, and that was kind of our motto — leave everything out there."

</doc>
<doc id="36634517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634517" title="T.H. Agriculture &amp; Nutrition Co.">
T.H. Agriculture &amp; Nutrition Co.

5-acre T.H. Agriculture & Nutrition Company (THAN) site operated as a pesticide-formulating facility from 1962 until 1981. Other companies formulated pesticides on the site from 1950 to 1962. During the 1950s and 1960s, on-site landfills were used for disposal of wastes generated from site operations, including pesticides from cleaning equipment. Waste was spilled on the surface of the site and left in piles on the ground. Sampling at the site conducted by the California Department of Health Services (CDHS) detected pesticides in soil and groundwater. The site was listed on the Superfund National Priorities List in 1986. Cleanup activities at the site were completed in 2003 and included soil vapor extraction; demolition and removal of various structures; excavation and management of impacted soils; construction of a low-permeability containment cover to minimize the potential for movement of residual chemicals from Site soils to other media; implementation of access controls and land use restrictions; demonstration and maintenance of appropriate financial assurances; monitored natural attenuation of groundwater; provision of as-needed alternative drinking water supplies; and performance of ongoing operation, maintenance, and monitoring activities. Approximately 30,000 people live within 3 miles of the site, with the closest resident being 500 feet from the site. Approximately 35,000 people depend on groundwater as a source of drinking water.
Clean up.
Cleanup activities at the site began in 1981 and were completed in 2003 and included soil vapor extraction; demolition and removal of various structures; excavation and management of impacted soils; construction of a low-permeability containment cover to minimize the potential for movement of residual chemicals from Site soils to other media; implementation of access controls and land use restrictions; demonstration and maintenance of appropriate financial assurances; monitored natural attenuation of groundwater; provision of as-needed alternative drinking water supplies; and performance of ongoing operation, maintenance, and monitoring activities. The remedy for the site has been implemented, and the site was delisted in 2006 from the epa's site.

</doc>
<doc id="36634523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634523" title="Grafton State School">
Grafton State School

The Grafton State School on 6th St., W., in Grafton, North Dakota was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. It includes work dating from 1901. It includes Prairie School, Beaux Arts, and Classical Revival architecture. There were six contributing buildings and one other contributing structure—remnants of tunnels connecting the buildings—included in the of the listing. It has also been known as the North Dakota Institution for the Feeble Minded.
It is significant as representing "the official effort of the State of North Dakota to care for its developmentally disabled citizens during the twentieth century, and ... for its association with Dr. A. R. T. Wylie, superintendent
during 1910-1933 and a leading figure nationally in the care of the developmentally disabled.

</doc>
<doc id="36634544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634544" title="Koçören, Antakya">
Koçören, Antakya

Koçören is a village far from 7 km the central district (Antakya) of Hatay Province, Turkey. as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36634556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634556" title="Xu Anqi">
Xu Anqi

Xu Anqi (; born 23 January 1992) is a female Chinese épée fencer. She won the gold medal in the women's team épée event at the 2012 Summer Olympics with Li Na, Luo Xiaojuan and Sun Yujie

</doc>
<doc id="36634558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634558" title="Kelley Hurley">
Kelley Hurley

Kelley Hurley (born April 4, 1988) is a female American épée fencer. She won the bronze medal in the women's team épée event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. A standout at the University of Notre Dame, she was a 3-time All-American.

</doc>
<doc id="36634566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634566" title="Zatadawbon Yazawin">
Zatadawbon Yazawin

Zatadawbon Yazawin (, ; also spelled Zatatawpon; lit. the "Chronicle of Royal Horoscopes") is the earliest extant chronicle of Burma. The chronicle mainly covers the regnal dates of kings as well as horoscopes of select kings from Pagan to Konbaung periods. In terms of regnal years, the chronicle is considered "the most accurate of all Burmese chronicles, particularly with regard to the best-known Pagan and Ava kings, many of whose dates have been corroborated by epigraphy."
History.
The chronicle was continuously updated and handed down by court historians from generation to generation. Given its inscriptionally verified regnal dates of 11th century Pagan kings, the list keeping of regnal dates probably had begun at least since the 11th century, if not earlier. The earliest portions of the chronicle appear to have written some time in the late 13th century or the early 14th century. The original author is unknown but based on the internal text, he was a contemporary of Shin Dithapamaukha (Disaprmok), the diplomat and monk who led the Pagan delegation to the Mongol court in 1285. Furthermore, internal evidence indicates the original author first wrote the chronicle in the late Pagan or Myinsaing or Pinya periods (late 13th to early 14th centuries). The original author apparently had access to earlier records now lost to history, which he noted as "yazawin mhat-chet akyin" ("summary and notes of chronicles").
Over the following centuries, however, the original, simple chronicle of regnal lists came to be layered upon (and bookended) by religious history (and mythology). By King Minyekyawdin's reign (1673–1698), much of the current form of the chronicle had come into existence, although later historians continued to update the regnal dates of following kings down to the last Burmese monarch Thibaw.
Organization.
"Zatadawbon" is only one of two extant Burmese chronicles (along with "Yazawin Thit") to organize itself by dynasties and periods whereas all others had been organized strictly along the linear order of kings. Its criterion for "periodization" is the rise and fall of dynasties, and its criterion for their labeling is the capital city. Thus the Tagaung, Sri Ksetra, Pagan, Pinya, Sagaing and Ava dynasties are named after the capital cities of the dynasties.
The chronicle consists of five general sections.
Significance.
In terms of regnal years, the chronicle is considered "the most accurate of all Burmese chronicles, particularly with regard to the best-known Pagan and Ava kings, many of whose dates have been corroborated by epigraphy." This can be seen in the following comparison of the regnal dates of the early Pagan kings (from Pyinbya, the fortifier of Pagan, according to the chronicles) as reported in the three chronicles. (Note that although "Zata" had been available to later chroniclers, including those of the two standard chronicles, "Maha Yazawin" (1724) and "Hmannan Yazawin" (1832), the later chroniclers did not follow "Zata's" dates. "Maha Yazawin's" dates are off by at least a decade for the most part, and "Hmannan's" are also similarly off until at the end of Sithu I's reign (1167) at which the chroniclers of "Hmannan" tried to synchronize with "Zata's". The Myazedi inscription, inscribed in 1112 and rediscovered in 1887, has corroborated the accuracy of "Zata" and disproves the dates reported in "Maha Yazawin" and "Hmannan" for kings Anawrahta to Kyansittha.)

</doc>
<doc id="36634571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634571" title="Lynn Hope">
Lynn Hope

Lynn Hope (September 26, 1926 - February 24, 1993) was an American Jazz and Blues tenor saxophonist noted for his outlandish dress style in the 1950s (he would often wear a fez or turban.) His most prolific period for recording was from 1951 to 1957 for Aladdin Records. Hope, who later converted to Islam and changed his name to El Hajj Abdullah Rasheed Ahmad, appears to have been inactive musically from 1960 until his death.
Tenor saxophonist Lynn Hope was noted for his apparel and instrumental remakes of established pre-rock pop anthems. Hope joined King Kolax's band when he graduated from high school in Birmingham during the '40s. He later converted to Islam, and became noted for wearing a turban, though few ever called him Al Hajji Abdullah Rascheed Ahmed. Hope signed with Miracle in 1950, but the contract proved invalid. He moved to Premium, where he cut "Tenderly," a song that was later picked up by Chess. Hope recorded often for Aladdin between 1951 and 1957, doing such reworked standards as "September Song" and "Summertime." While these numbers were often performed with little or no melodic embellishment or improvisation, the flip sides were often fierce up tempo blues or jump tunes. "Tenderly" earned Hope his only hit in 1950, reaching number eight R&B and #19 pop. He made his last sessions for King in 1960, then dropped out of sight. Biography by Ron Wynn

</doc>
<doc id="36634590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634590" title="Aleksandar Aleksandrov (boxer)">
Aleksandar Aleksandrov (boxer)

Aleksandar Aleksandrov (b. October 31, 1984 - Sofia ) is a Bulgarian amateur boxer who fought at the 2012 Olympics at junior fly.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics he beat Juliano Máquina from Mozambique, then edged out Korean Shin Jong-Hun 15:14 but lost to Thai Kaeo Pongprayoon 10:16 in the quarter finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36634597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634597" title="British regional literature">
British regional literature

In literature regionalism refers to fiction or poetry that focuses on specific features, such as dialect, customs, history, and landscape, of a particular region (also called local colour): "Such a locale is likely to be rural and/or provincial." Thomas Hardy's (1840-1928) novels can be described as regional because of the way he makes use of these elements in relation to a part of the West of England, that he names Wessex. On the other hand it seems much less appropriate to describe Charles Dickens (1812–70) as a regional novelist of London and the south of England.
The regional novel is generally seen as originating with Maria Edgeworth and Walter Scott, but their regions are hardily "comparable to Hardy's Wessex, Blackmore's Exmoor, or Arnold Bennett's potteries, ... they are nations." 
The term has also been used, in the past, disparagingly, especially with regard to women writers, as a synonym for minor writing.
Other writers that have been characterized as regional novelists, are the Brontë sisters, and writers like Mary Webb (1881-1927), Margiad Evans (1909–58) and Geraint Goodwin (1903–42), who are associate with the Welsh border region. Alfred Tennyson (1809–92) has been identified as a Lincolnshire poet, while Philip Larkin (1922–85) is principally associated with the city of Hull, and Basil Bunting (1900–85) with Northumberland. Then there is William Wordsworth (1770-1850), and the other Lake Poets, while the poet William Barnes (1801–86) is seen as primarily a Dorset poet, especially because of his use of Dorset dialect. George Eliot (1801–86) on the other hand is particularly associated with the rural English Midlands, whereas Arnold Bennett (1867–1931) is the novelist of the Potteries in Staffordshire, or the "Five Towns", (actually six) that now make-up Stoke-on-Trent. R. D. Blackmore (1825 – 1900), was one of the most famous English novelists of the second half of the nineteenth century, and he shared with Thomas Hardy a Western England background and a strong sense of regional setting in his works. Noted for his eye for and sympathy with nature, critics of the time described this as one of the most striking features of his writings. He may be said to have done for Devon what Sir Walter Scott did for the Highlands and Hardy for Wessex. However, Blackmore is now remembered for one work, "Lorna Doone".
For information on Welsh regional writers, see Welsh literature in English
Ondaatje Prize.
The Royal Society of Literature Ondaatje Prize is an annual literary award given by the Royal Society of Literature. The £10,000 award is given for a work of fiction, non-fiction or poetry which evokes the "spirit of a place", and which is written by someone who is a citizen of or who has been resident in the Commonwealth or the Republic of Ireland. The prize bears the name of its benefactor Christopher Ondaatje and incorporates the Winifred Holtby Memorial Prize which was presented up to 2002 for regional fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="36634599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634599" title="David Dawood">
David Dawood

David Dawood (born 31 December 1981), known professionally as Dawood, is an English electronic body music and house music producer and Computer DJ. Dawood produced on the studio album, "One Love" by the English boy band Blue, with the album selling over 2 million copies worldwide, and produced the song "Good Times" by Roll Deep, which went to Number 1 in the UK Singles Chart and held this position for 3 weeks making it the longest reigning Number 1 of 2010. He is signed to Takeover Entertainment.
Career.
Since the early nineties when Dawood began making beats on his school music computers, his main passion and priority has been creating music, leading to his decision to leave college in order to raise enough funds to buy studio equipment. 2001 brought Dawood his first cut; his track "Flexin" was used on the UK boy band Blue’s album ‘"One Love"’ – the album selling over 2 million copies worldwide. Dawood has worked closely with Tinchy Stryder and on his 2012 album entitled ‘"Full Tank"‘, as well as having two cuts on the album, ‘"Bad Intentions"’ by Dappy.
(2010-present).
David Dawood is the musical architect behind 2010’s dance hit "Good Times" by Roll Deep featuring Jodie Connor. The single went to Number 1 in the UK Singles Chart and held this position for 3 weeks making it the longest reigning Number 1 of 2010.
In 2011, Dawood produced two singles for recording artist Jodie Connor; "Now or Never" which was released in January 2011 and charted at Number 14 on the UK Singles Chart and was soon followed by another UK Top 40, "Bring It" featuring Tinchy Stryder.
In 2012, Dawood produced the track "Take You There" by Jodie Connor featuring Busta Rhymes and it was released on 29 July 2012. Dawood has produced the track "Come with Me" by Dappy, which will feature on his debut studio album entitled "Bad Intentions", and the track will be released worldwide on 12 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36634601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634601" title="Thamsanqa Sangweni">
Thamsanqa Sangweni

Thamsanqa Sangweni (born May 26, 1989 in Empangeni, KwaZulu-Natal) is a South African football (soccer) midfielder for Premier Soccer League club Mamelodi Sundowns.
He is the younger brother of Orlando Pirates player Siyabonga Sangweni.

</doc>
<doc id="36634602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634602" title="Erkan Sağlık">
Erkan Sağlık

Erkan Sağlık (born 19 August 1985) is a Swedish-born Turkish footballer who plays as a defender. He is currently playing for Varbergs BoIS FC.

</doc>
<doc id="36634620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634620" title="Nathan Retro">
Nathan Retro

Nathan Retro (born November 18, 1987), professionally known under the mononym Retro, is an English electronic, dance music, futurepop, grime, hip-hop, R&B and rock producer and DJ from Bradford. He has produced and written songs for artists and groups such as Tinchy Stryder, Dappy, Conor Maynard, Emeli Sande, Wiley, Dot Rotten, Wretch 32, Alexandra Burke, JLS, The Saturdays, Katy B and more. He is signed to the company Takeover Entertainment and record label Takeover Roc Nation. He is known for his retro-futurism style of musical composition.
Career.
Early career.
Nathan Retro moved to Manchester, England in 2006 to further his education in music and take his career to the next level. After tireless hours working day and night perfecting his sound, Nathan Retro has become something of a musical genius. After 4 years of hard work and determination he secured a publishing deal with Takeover/Cloud 9 and also signed to Takeover Entertainment in July 2009 and Takeover Roc Nation in 2011.
(2011-present).
In April 2011, an instrumental named "Lunar Riddim" created by Nathan Retro and MNEK was used during Nike's Air Lunar campaign starring Mario Balotelli.
Nathan Retro is currently working with Dappy, JLS, The Saturdays, Leona Lewis, Cher Lloyd, One Direction, Alexandra Burke, Dot Rotten, Wretch 32, Loick Essien and many more.
Production style.
Nathan Retro, a futuristic super producer with many talents (drums, keyboard, bass, guitar) has quickly built a strong reputation within the music industry, with blending innovative and unique sounds with thumping beats and heart filled lyrics into songs that everyone can relate to.
He works alongside his long-time production partner David Dawood, and they both produced Dappy's third single "Come with Me", from his debut studio album titled "Bad Intentions".

</doc>
<doc id="36634621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634621" title="Episcopal Conference of Gabon">
Episcopal Conference of Gabon

The local assembly of bishops is the Episcopal Conference of Gabon (French: Episcopal Conférence du Gabon, CEG).
The ECG is a member of the Association of Episcopal Conferences of the Region of Central Africa and Symposium of Episcopal Conferences of Africa and Madagascar (SECAM).
List of Presidents of the Bishops' Conference:
1970 - 1981: André Fernand Anguilé, Archbishop of Libreville
1981 - 1989: Félicien-Patrice Makouaka, Bishop of Franceville
1989 - 2005: Basile Mve Engone, Bishop of Oyem and Archbishop of Libreville
2005 - ... : Timothée Modibo-Nzockena, Bishop of Franceville

</doc>
<doc id="36634623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634623" title="Sevada Abelian">
Sevada Abelian

Abelian Sevada, (born, 5 June 1992) is a Belgian professional football player, born in Armenia.
He currently has a professional contract with Royal Antwerp F.C.
He plays as a right fullback. He started his career in Zaventem and got selected for several talent competitions where he proved himself. He played as a 19 year old teenager in the Emirates Stadium against Arsenal, Paris Saint-Germain and A.C. Milan. He got noticed by several clubs, playing in London. Clubs in the USA, Belgium, Armenia and Denmark wanted to buy him. He also got offered a scholarship in Texas worth over more than $50,000.
The youngster would earn around $85,000 but would like to continue his studies. A loan for the upcoming three years is probably the next highlight until he finishes his studies.
Career.
Abelian started playing for KV Woluwe-Zaventem as a kid. He studied Economics in combination with his football and graduated in 2011. After graduation he played for a 4th division club, combining with his higher educations in Real Estate. Very soon he got selected for a talent competition in London, where he demonstrated his skills in front of legends as Gianfranco Zola, Robert Pires, Daniele Massaro and Jean-Pierre Papin. He received offers from a lot of clubs from Europe and USA, but he decided together with his manager to stay in Belgium. Abelian was mentioned several times in local newspapers, scoring goals from distance. He also practiced Judo for more than 10 years, getting several titles and gold medals in National Competitions.
References.
http://rafc.be/

</doc>
<doc id="36634642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634642" title="George Turner (architect)">
George Turner (architect)

George Palmer Turner (November 8, 1896 - November 13, 1984) was an American architect principally known for his residential designs in Birmingham, Alabama. A native of Alabama, he studied architecture at the University of Pennsylvania and in France before returning to his home state. A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. At the time of the 1930 United States Census, Turner was living in Birmingham, Alabama with his wife Dorothy Hays Turner (1896-1982) and their children Dorothy and George. Turner died in 1984 and is buried at Forest Hill Cemetery in Birmingham.
Turner's works include:

</doc>
<doc id="36634655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634655" title="Assembly of Catholic Hierarchs of Ethiopia and Eritrea">
Assembly of Catholic Hierarchs of Ethiopia and Eritrea

In Ethiopia there are two organizations of Bishops: the Bishops' Conference of Ethiopia and Eritrea (South African and Eritrean Episcopal Conference), which brings together the bishops of both countries regardless of the ritual of belonging, and Council of the Ethiopian Church (South African Council of the Church), which brings together the Catholic ordinaries of the Ethiopian rite of Ethiopia and Eritrea.
For both conferences, the current president is Archbishop of Addis Ababa, Berhaneyesus Demerew Souraphiel.

</doc>
<doc id="36634659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634659" title="Ephraim Goss">
Ephraim Goss

Ephraim Goss (June 12, 1806 – July 27, 1877) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of John Goss (c.1768–1848) and Mary (Lamont) Goss (c.1767–1844). He was born in that part of the Town of Middleburgh which was separated in 1828 as the Town of Fulton, in Schoharie County, New York. He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1831, and practiced in Pittsford. On November 13, 1832, he married Margaret Porter (1814–1896), and they had several children, among them Assemblyman George A. Goss (born 1834).
He was a Justice of the Peace; a colonel of the State Militia; Supervisor of the Town of Pittsford for several terms; Clerk of Monroe County from 1838 to 1840; and a member of the New York State Senate (28th D.) in 1860 and 1861.
He was buried at the Pittsford Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="36634663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634663" title="Bland High School">
Bland High School

Bland High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36634679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634679" title="Rebecca Tavo">
Rebecca Tavo

Rebecca Tavo (born 23 March 1983 in Port Hedland, Western Australia) is an Australian, dual international, rugby union and Touch football player. She is the former captain for the Australian women's sevens team.
In 2006 she became BHP Billiton's first female train driver
. She is also the first Rotuman female to play rugby internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="36634680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634680" title="Neustädter Kirche, Hanover">
Neustädter Kirche, Hanover

The ' (church of the new town) is a main Lutheran parish church in Hanover, Lower Saxony, Germany. The official name is ' (St. John's Church of the court and the city in the New Town at Hanover). The Baroque church was built in 1666–70. It is one of the oldest Protestant Saalkirche (Aisleless church) in Lower Saxony, conceived for the sermon as the main act of Lutheran church service. Mathematician and philosopher Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz and general Carl August von Alten are buried here.
The church is known for its church music, performed in service and concert by the (St. John's chorale), and serves as a venue for concerts, for example in the context of the Expo 2000 and the "". It houses a "Spanish organ", suitable for early Baroque music, in collaboration with the .
History.
The church is the successor of a castle chapel of St. Gall, founded by the Counts of Lauenrode for their castle, first mentioned in 1241 as "". After the destruction of the castle during the Lüneburg War of Succession, a new chapel was built before 1388 by Cord van Alten on the Rosmarinhof within the Hanover town walls, close to the present location of the church. It was dedicated to Mary (""). In 1396, Bishop Otto of Minden made it the Kollegiat- und Pfarrkirche (collegiate and parish church) of the , the new part of the town south of the Leine. The church became Lutheran in 1533.
John Frederick, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, converted to Catholicism in 1651. When he took over the Principality of Calenberg in 1665, the court chapel in the was converted to Catholic, and the Protestant members of the court needed a new church. It was built from 1666 to 1670 in the , across the Leine from the (old town), across the river from the , then the courtly residence. The church was designed in Baroque style, probably by the Venetian architect Girolamo Sartorio, the duke's , who didn't follow models but built a hall focused on the sermon. The architect was the duke's "" Brand Westermann. The building was financed by the duke and the representatives of the Principality of Calenberg, and to a large extent by the early capitalist merchant and banker John Duve. Material from a former chapel of St. Gall in the old town was reused. The church was the burial site for members of the court.
Since the original tower was in danger of collapsing, a new tower was erected above the west portal from 1691 to 1700. The landmark has a square base, an octagonal upper floor and a copper-roofed cupola with lantern and apex.
The Neustädter Kirche was until 1936 the church of the General Superintendent. Johann Adolf Schlegel was superintendent from 1775 until his death in 1793.
In World War II, air raids heavily damaged the church; only the exterior walls remained. A reconstruction was carried out 1956–58 in simple form, led by Wilhelm Ziegeler.
A renovation of the interior 1992/94 was closer to the original concept and restored some of the surviving Baroque features. The Baroque interior was not restored completely, but preserved parts of the original furnishings; statues and images of Christ, angels, and saints, as well as allegorical figures, portraits, and monuments, were combined and rearranged with modern elements.
Architecture.
The shows the characteristics of a rigorous early Baroque style, still based on antique models. It is one of the oldest Protestant (Aisleless church) in Lower Saxony, conceived for the sermon as the main act of Lutheran church service. It is a long and spacious hall church, which closes to the east with a slightly narrower chancel. It has a large organ balcony to the west and small balconies along the south and north sides. The rich interior decoration was mostly lost in World War II.
Epitaphs.
Since 1902, epitaphs and tombstones which originally covered the floor of the church completely, were placed on the exterior walls, in memory of court officials, court ministers and superintendents with their families. The most important burial sites remained inside, including those of Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz who was buried on 14 December 1716, and general Carl August von Alten (1840).
Organs.
On the west balcony, a main organ was installed in 1963 by Detlef Kleuker with three manuals and 38 stops. In 2010, the organ was beyond repair and was sold. A new main organ is planned. A temporary movable organ serves in the church.
A second organ, called (Spanish organ), was installed on the north balcony 1998–2001 by Patrick Collon (Belgium). It reflects principles of Spanish Baroque organ building without copying a specific instrument. One model is the organ from the 17th century of the "Iglesia Colegial" in Lerma close to Burgos, other models are in churches in Covarrubias and in Liétor.
This organ belongs not to the parish, but to the , serving students in classes and master classes. At present this organ is the only Spanish Baroque organ in Germany and is used for concerts and services.
Church music.
The church is known for its church music, performed in service and concert by the choir , founded in 1958. It serves as a venue for concerts, for example in the context of the Expo 2000 and the .
When the church was restored after World War II, a service was held on the first Sunday of Advent, performing Bach's cantata BWV 61, conducted by Werner Burckhardt. The church choir was named "Kantorei" on this occasion. Burckhardt was succeeded in 1968 by Christhard Vandré. Erhard Egidi was Kantor from 1972 to 1991. All cantors concentrated on music in church services, but also conducted concerts, with a preference of works by Johann Sebastian Bach. Egidi also performed works by his teacher Ernst Pepping and contemporary music. In 1986 he combined Stravinsky's "Canticum sacrum" and "Ein deutsches Requiem" by Brahms, in 1988 he conducted Stravinsky's "Cantata" and Mozart's Great Mass in C minor, in 1990 Bach's Mass in B minor, and in 1991 Bach's "St Matthew Passion",
Since 1991, the cantor has been Lothar Mohn. He kept his predecessors' tradition of an annual (Lenten concert), frequently performing Bach's "St Matthew Passion" or "St John Passion". In 2008 he installed a series of Bach cantatas named "Bach um Fünf" (Bach at five), beginning with "".

</doc>
<doc id="36634684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634684" title="Fossli Hotel">
Fossli Hotel

Fossli Hotel is a hotel situated at Vøringsfossen on top of Måbødalen, in the municipality of Eidfjord, Norway. The hotel owns a Zimmermann piano where Edvard Grieg composed his "Norwegian Folk Songs," Opus 66, in 1896.
History.
Ola L. Garen (1857 – 1915) was the one who got the idea to build the hotel in the 1880s. At that time there was only a walking track to the top of Vøringsfossen. English tourists had previously figured that a hotel would become a world attraction, and John took their word for it. But to make his plans come true he had to have a better way to transport the building materials so that the horses might climb up the Måbødalen. A new road was built and named "Tømmerløypet." The hotel, named Fossli Hotel, was designed by architect Fredrik Konow Lund in the Art Nouveau style. It welcomed its first guests in 1887 and was finally completed in 1891. 
Attractions.
Fossli Hotel naturally attracts many visitors because of the magnificent Vøringsfossen. Over the years, it has been visited by writers, musicians and royal physician. Edvard Grieg lived in the hotel in the summer of 1896, and composed "Norwegian Folk Songs," Opus 66, here. There is still a piano on site made in 1896 by Zimmermann factory in Leipzig, as Edvard Grieg once played on it. The hotel has been in the ownership of the Garen family for four generations, and currently is run by the great-grandson of John, Erik Garen. It has today 21 rooms, a restaurant, cafe, terrace, bar and a souvenir shop, being also possible to use the hotel as a conference facility.

</doc>
<doc id="36634695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634695" title="Stewart Wallis">
Stewart Wallis

George James Stewart Wallis is a business manager and advocate for transition to a new economic system. He worked for Oxfam from 1992 to 2002, for which he was awarded an OBE. Since 2003, he has been Executive Director of the New Economics Foundation.
Early life and education.
He was born on 29 August 1948, the son of George and Jean Wallis.
He took the tripos in Natural Sciences at Fitzwilliam College, Cambridge and, in 1976, obtained a MSc in Business and Economics from the London Business School.
Career.
His business career began in marketing and sales with Rio Tinto Zinc from 1970 to 1974.
He spent 1976 to 1983 with the World Bank in Washington, D.C. working on industrial and financial development in East Asia.
He then worked for Robinson Packaging in Derbyshire from 1983 to 1992, the last five as Managing Director. 
He joined Oxfam in 1992 as International Director with responsibility, latterly, for 2500 staff in seventy countries and for all Oxfam’s policy, research, development and emergency work worldwide. He was awarded the OBE for services to Oxfam in June 2002, .
Stewart joined the New Economics Foundation as Executive Director on 1 November 2003.
He is a Trustee of the Overseas Development Institute and Habitat for Humanity.
Personal life.
In 1987, he married Mary Jane Wallis. They have four daughters and she has a son from a previous marriage. Among his recreations, listed in "Who's who" are Landscape photography, walking, reading, cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="36634707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634707" title="PG College Ghazipur">
PG College Ghazipur

PG College Ghazipur is a postgraduate college situated in Ghazipur, Uttar Pradesh, India. The college was established in July 1957 as the first Degree College of Ghazipur. Initially it was affiliated with University of Gorakhpur but currently its affiliation is with VBS Purvanchal University, Jaunpur. Currently it offeres courses in four main streams: arts, science, agriculture and education.
Location.
The college is situated on the western edge of Ghazipur. Near the college is the famous archeological site tomb of Lord Cornwallis. The college has some large farms in its surroundings which are owned by the college's agricultural department. Its campus has a mango grove and a garden which has many varieties of Gulab flower.
History.
The college was founded as a degree college in affiliation with Gorakhpur University in 1957. Before becoming a college, it was a secondary school run by Theosophical Society Affiliates.
Courses.
Courses are offered in the arts (both bachelors (B.A.) and masters (M.A.)), sciences (B.Sc. and M.Sc.), agriculture (B.Sc.Ag.) and education (B.Ed.). The college has a new wing which is offering technical and professional courses (BCA, MCA, BBA and MBA), which are currently being run as a separate institution named TERIPGC. Degrees are offered from PTU.
External links.
Official Website of college- http://www.pgcghazipur.in/

</doc>
<doc id="36634724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634724" title="Come with Me (Dappy song)">
Come with Me (Dappy song)

"Come With Me" is a collaborative song by British record artist Dappy, upcoming MC Margs and music producers David Dawood and Nathan Retro, known for producing the Roll Deep hit song "Good Times". The song was written by all four artists in different global locations, between December 2011 and May 2012. "Come With Me" was originally to be released as the third official single from Dappy's debut solo studio album, "Bad Intentions" on 12 August 2012 as a digital download via the iTunes Store, however the single was removed off iTunes for unknown reasons. The song received its premiere when Dappy performed the song live at the Radio 1's Big Weekend in London on 23 June 2012.
Writing and production.
"Come With Me" was written by singer-songwriter and rapper Costadinos Contostavlos (Dappy), and co-produced by record producers David Dawood (Dawood) and Nathan Retro (Retro). According to Dawood and Retro, the vocals for the song were recorded in China, Russia and Italy over a six-month period, prior to the single's release on 12 August 2012. They also stated that the track was initially intended as a left-over track for use in the future. They said:
"Come With Me" marks Dappy's fourth single away from N-Dubz, and follows his collaboration with Brian May on "Rockstar", which peaked at #2 in February 2012.
Music video.
The music video to accompany the release of "Come With Me" commenced filming in July 2012. A snippet of the video premièred on 27 July 2012 on T4 Music, however after the single release was cancelled the video was never released.

</doc>
<doc id="36634744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634744" title="Neustädter Kirche">
Neustädter Kirche

Neustädter Kirche may refer to several churches in Germany:
See also

</doc>
<doc id="36634764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634764" title="Taras Yastremskyy">
Taras Yastremskyy

Taras Yastremskyy is a paralympic swimmer from Ukraine competing mainly in category S9 events.
Taras has twice competed at the Paralympics for the Ukrainian team firstly in 2004 and then again in 2008. In both years he failed to make the final of the 50m freestyle and 400m freestyle. In the 2004 games he finished eighth in the 100m freestyle final, failed to make the final of the 200m individual medley and was part of the Ukrainian quartet that finished fifth in the heat of the 4x100m freestyle and sixth in the final of the 4x100m medley. In the 2008 games he failed to make the final of the 100m freestyle but did win a bronze medal in the 4x100m medley with his Ukrainian team mates.

</doc>
<doc id="36634770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634770" title="Matthäus Abbrederis">
Matthäus Abbrederis

Matthäus Abbrederis (1652 – c. 1725) was an Austrian organist and organ builder. Born in Rankweil, he was baptized on 17 April 1652.
Many of his contemporaries in the Rhine Valley, south of Lake Constance, considered him an outstanding master of organ building. Though influenced by the Baroque style of the 17th century, he was not constrained by the version that flourished in South Germany. Many of his organs still survive, such as the one for the monastery church of Pfäfers, Switzerland, built in 1693.

</doc>
<doc id="36634781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634781" title="Vindeholme">
Vindeholme

Vindeholme is an early 20th-century mansion overlooking the Baltic Sea in the extreme south-western corner of Lolland, Denmark. It is now rented out as a venue for hunts, weddings and corporate events.
History.
Vindeholme was built by Count Ferdinand Reventlow, a Danish diplomat who sought a place to retire after a long career abroad, most recently as Danish Ambassador to Paris. He acquired the land from his brother, Count Ludvig Reventlow, who had acquired Rudbjerggaard manor in 1891. Set amid forests of small-leaved linden trees, the house was completed in 1911 to a design by arcgitect Arkitekt H. C. Amberg, most known for his restoration work at Ribe Cathedral and St. Nicolas' Church in Copenhagen. 
Vindeholme today.
The current owners of Rugbjerggaard restored the house in 2004 and it is now being rented out for smaller conferences, hunts, corporate events and private celebrations. The estate covers 298 hectares of land.

</doc>
<doc id="36634784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634784" title="Iryna Balashova">
Iryna Balashova

Iryna Balashova is a paralympic swimmer from Ukraine competing mainly in category S13 events.
Iryna competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics as part of the Ukrainian team. She finished in fifth in the 100m backstroke and 100m freestyle as well as winning bronze medal in the 50m freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="36634802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634802" title="Ganna Ielisavetska">
Ganna Ielisavetska

Ganna Ielisavetska is a paralympic swimmer from Ukraine competing mainly in category S2 events.
Ganna competed as part of the Ukrainian team in the 2008 Summer Paralympics. She competed in the only event for her disability classification the backstroke winning the gold medal in a new world record time ahead of team mate Iryna Sotska and S1 class world record breaker Sara Carracelas of Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="36634804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634804" title="2012 FKF President's Cup">
2012 FKF President's Cup

The 2012 FKF President's Cup was the 41st season of the tournament. The deadline for application was 30 July, and 32 clubs had registered for participation to the tournament after paying a mandatory KSh. 15,000 fee, with a final list of 34 teams. The quarter-finals were played on 6−7 October, while the semi-finals and the final were played on 17−18 November and 21 November respectively, after the end of the 2012 Kenyan Premier League.
Two teams were to be knocked out in the first round (playoff matches) to decide who would advance to the second round.
By winning the tournament, Gor Mahia earned a place in the preliminary round of the 2013 CAF Confederation Cup, and will play Tusker, the winners of the 2012 Kenyan Premier League, at the 2013 Kenyan Super Cup.
Teams.
The following is the final list of teams that participated in the tournament.
First round.
Playoff matches in the first round between Muranga United, Maua United, Taqwa and Tetu Stars were played to decide who would advance to the second round.
"Murang'a United were awarded a walkover as Maua United withdrew from the tournament."
"Taqwa were knocked out of the tournament due to technicalities."
Bracket.
The FKF decided to change the quarter-final fixtures, meaning that A.F.C. Leopards and Kenya Revenue Authority were now to face Karuturi Sports and Sofapaka respectively.
Second round.
The draw for the second round of matches was held on 30 July 2012 and ties were played from 4 August to 12 August. Having been beaten, Malindi United, Bidco United, MOYAS and Shabana Kisii still withdrew from the tournament.
Third round.
The third round of matches was played on the weekend of 1−2 September in various venues, all at 15:00 UTC+3 time.
Quarter-finals.
The quarter-finals were played on the weekend of 6–7 October.
Semi-finals.
The semi-finals are being played on the weekend of 17–18 November. They were to be played on the weekend on 20–21 October, but the dates were pushed so as not to clash with the Kenyan Premier League schedule.
Final.
The final was played on 20 November at the Nyayo National Stadium. Gor Mahia won 3–0 on penalties to win the title a record 10th time.

</doc>
<doc id="36634809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634809" title="Episcopal Conference of the Democratic Republic of the Congo">
Episcopal Conference of the Democratic Republic of the Congo

The local assembly of bishops is the National Episcopal Conference of Congo (French: Episcopal Conférence Nationale du Congo).
The episcopal conference of DRC is a member of the Association Of Episcopal Conferences of Central Africa and Symposium of Episcopal Conferences of Africa and Madagascar (SECAM).
List of Presidents of the Bishops' Conference:
1962-1963: Vito Roberti, Apostolic Delegate
1963-1964: Félix Scalais, Archbishop of Kinshasa
1967-1970: Aloys Mulindwa Mutabesha Mugoma Mweru, Archbishop of Bukavu
1970-1975: Léon Lesambo Ndamwize, Bishop of Inongo
1975-1979: Albert Tshomba Yungu, Bishop of Tshumbe
1979-1984: André Ilunga Kaseba, Bishop of Kalemie - Kirungu
1984-1992: Laurent Monsengwo Pasinya, Archbishop of Kisangani
1992-2000: Faustin Ngabu, Bishop of Goma
2000-2004: Frederic Etsou-Nzabi-Bamungwabi, Archbishop of Kinshasa
2004-2008: Laurent Monsengwo Pasinya, Archbishop of Kisangani and Kinshasa
2008 - ...: Nicolas Djomo Lola, Bishop of Tshumbe

</doc>
<doc id="36634828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634828" title="1964 South American U-20 Championship">
1964 South American U-20 Championship

The South American Youth Championship 1964 was held in Barranquilla, Bogotá, Cali and Medellín, Colombia.
Teams.
The following teams entered the tournament:
Matches.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36634832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634832" title="Penunus">
Penunus

Penunus (also known as Rumah Chundla or Rumah Chundie) is a settlement in the Saratok division of Sarawak, Malaysia. It lies approximately east of the state capital Kuching. 
Neighbouring settlements include:

</doc>
<doc id="36634838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634838" title="Stop the Sun, I Want to Go Home">
Stop the Sun, I Want to Go Home

Stop the Sun, I Want to Go Home is the fourth album by folk rock band Tiny Lights, released in 1992 through Doctor Dream Records.
Release and reception.
Nitsuh Abebe of Allmusic, who had lauded the band's previous work, did not appreciate the stylistic change of "Stop the Sun, I Want to Go Home". He gave it two and a half out of five stars, concluding that while the music did not compare with the band's early catalog, the album contained enough flair to keep it interesting. On the other hand, critics of the "Trouser Press" felt it was band's greatest accomplishment and that cited "Better" as the high point of the album and the band's career. 

</doc>
<doc id="36634843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634843" title="Iryna Sotska">
Iryna Sotska

Iryna Sotska is a paralympic swimmer from Ukraine competing mainly in category S2 events.
Iryna competed as part of the Ukrainian team in the 2008 Summer Paralympics. She competed in the only event for her disability classification the backstroke winning the silver medal under the old world record but behind team mate Iryna Sotska and ahead of S1 class world record breaker Sara Carracelas of Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="36634850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634850" title="Arkansas Highway 149">
Arkansas Highway 149

Highway 149 (AR 149, Ark. 149, and Hwy. 149) is a north–south state highway in northeast Arkansas. The route of runs from Highway 38 in Hughes north across Interstate 40/US Route 63 (I-40/US 63) to Future I-555/US 63/US 63 Business (I-555/US 63/US 63B) in Marked Tree.
Route description.
The route begins in Hughes at Highway 38 and runs northeast across US Route 79 (US 79) at North Hughes. Highway 149 continues north to Greasy Corner, where a concurrency begins with Highway 50 west along a bayou. After the concurrency ends, Highway 149 turns due north and runs through fields. Another overlap occurs near Shell Lake, where Highway 149 overlaps US 70 for . US 70/Hwy. 149 run briefly as a frontage road for Interstate 40/US 63/US 79 (I-40/US 63/US 79) before Highway 149 turns north and runs over the limited-access route. Shortly after this junction the route enters Crittenden County and runs north to Earle.
In Earle Highway 149 has a short officially designated exception over US Route 64 Business (US 64B). The concurrent routes passes near the Crittenden County Museum, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) before Highway 149 turns north onto Barton Street, ending the concurrency. Highway 149 has a junction with US 64 just prior to leaving Earle, and the highway passes the George Berry Washington Memorial (also NRHP-listed) shortly after leaving the city. The road curves through Arkansas delta countryside to a concurrency with Highway 42, beginning at Three Forks. Upon entering Poinsett County, Highway 149 serves as the western terminus of Highway 322 at Mt. Olive. The road continues north to enter Marked Tree, where it terminates at Future I-555/US 63/US 63B.
Major intersections.
Mile markers reset at concurrencies.

</doc>
<doc id="36634870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634870" title="Udau">
Udau

Udau is a settlement in the Saratok division of Sarawak, Malaysia. It lies approximately east of the state capital Kuching. 
Neighbouring settlements include:

</doc>
<doc id="36634880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634880" title="Fahad Al-Muwallad">
Fahad Al-Muwallad

Fahad Mosaed Al-Muwallad Al-Harbi (, born 14 September 1994 in Jeddah) is a Saudi professional footballer who plays for Saudi Professional League club Al-Ittihad as Winger. On 31 July, he scored the second goal for Saudi Arabia against Croatia in the 2011 U-20 World Cup in Colombia. Fahad Al-Muwallad is one of the most promising and fastest players in the Asian. He started his professional career with Al-Ittihad when he was only 16 years old against Al-Raed. In 2012, he entered the field in the last 10 minutes and scored the winning goal against Guangzhou Evergrande F.C. to qualify with his team to Asian Champions League Semifinals. He was chosen as King Cup of Champions MVP. with Saudi Arabia, he scored the winning goal against China in Asian Cup qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="36634900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634900" title="Hyoid apparatus">
Hyoid apparatus

In veterinary anatomy, the term hyoid apparatus is the collective term used to refer to the bones of the tongue — a pair of stylohyoidea, a pair of thyrohyoidea, and unpaired basihyoideum — and associated, upper-gular connective tissues.
In humans, the single hyoid bone is an equivalent of the hyoid apparatus.

</doc>
<doc id="36634925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634925" title="LPG carrier">
LPG carrier

An LPG carrier is a gas carrier ship designed for transporting liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) in bulk.
List of LPG carrier builders:

</doc>
<doc id="36634934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634934" title="1967 South American U-20 Championship">
1967 South American U-20 Championship

The South American Youth Championship 1967 was held in Asunción, Paraguay.
Teams.
The following teams entered the tournament:
Group Stage.
Group A.
<br>
Group B.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36634942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634942" title="Kenneth A. Evans">
Kenneth A. Evans

Kenneth A. Evans (November 9, 1898 – December 11, 1970) was an American Republican businessman and politician.
Born in Emerson, Iowa, Evans was a World War I veteran and a farm manager. He served on the Emerson City Council. He served in the Iowa State Senate 1937-1945 and then Lieutenant Governor of Iowa 1945-1951. He died in Red Oak, Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="36634956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634956" title="Kerangan Pinggai">
Kerangan Pinggai

Kerangan Pinggai (also known as Krangan Pinggai) is a longhouse on the Paku river in the Saratok division of Sarawak, Malaysia. It lies approximately east of the state capital Kuching. 
Benedict Sandin, Iban ethnologist, historian, and Curator of the Sarawak Museum in Kuching was born in Kerangan Pinggai in 1918.
Neighbouring settlements include:

</doc>
<doc id="36634965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634965" title="Alberta Playwrights Network">
Alberta Playwrights Network

The Alberta Playwrights Network is a professional association that was founded in 1985 to develop and support playwrights. It hosts a competition called the New Play Development Program. Gordon Pengilly is a dramaturge for the Alberta Playwrights Network, as is Gisèle Villeneuve. Sharon Pollock was elected president of the Alberta Playwrights Network in 1998. Sandra Dempsey had previously been the president. The Alberta Playwrights Network supported Katherine Koller in writing such plays as "The Seed Savers". The association produces a newsletter called "Rave Review". The Alberta Playwrights Network has also engaged in playwright exchanges with other associations, including the Saskatchewan Playwrights Centre and the Playwrights Theatre Centre. The Alberta Playwrights Network also presents an annual award with Scripts At Work called the Scripts At Work/Alberta Playwrights Network Award.

</doc>
<doc id="36634975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634975" title="Wishon Dam">
Wishon Dam

Wishon Dam (National ID # CA00411) is a dam in Fresno County, California in the Sierra National Forest, in the Sierra Nevada Mountain Range. 
The earthen and rockfill gravity dam was constructed in 1958 by Pacific Gas and Electric Company with a height of 260 feet and a length of 3,330 feet at its crest. Wishon Dam and its companion Courtright Dam, which stands about five miles to the north, along with other smaller auxiliary gravity dam structures, are elements of PG&E's Haas-Kings River Project.
Courtright Reservoir serves as the upper reservoir for the Helms Pumped Storage Plant. Wishon Reservoir is the lower. During times of peak demand for electricity, which is also when it is most expensive, water is drained from Courtright Reservoir, run through the 1,212 MW Helms Power Plant and emptied into Wishon Reservoir. When demand and prices for electricity are low, water is pumped from Wishon Reservoir to Courtright Reservoir using the power plant's reversible turbines. Helms Power Plant is 1,000 feet (300 m) underground in a chamber carved out of solid granite at the north end of Wishon Lake. It is similar to Southern California Edison's Eastwood Powerhouse near Shaver Lake, which is also a pumped-storage plant.
The reservoir Wishon Dam creates, Wishon Reservoir, has a maximum capacity of 128,606 acre-feet. PG&E maintains Lily Pad Campground with 15 campsites on the southern shore, and recreation includes fishing (for German brown, rainbow or Eastern Brook trout), boating, camping and hiking.

</doc>
<doc id="36634977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634977" title="Khamis Al-Zahrani">
Khamis Al-Zahrani

Khamis Al Zahrani is an arabian football Midfielder who played for Saudi Arabia in the 1996 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Ittihad

</doc>
<doc id="36634998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36634998" title="Walter Giffard (Oxford)">
Walter Giffard (Oxford)

Walter Giffard (also Gifford) was an English medieval theologist, university vice-chancellor, and university chancellor. 
In 1311, Giffard was Vice-Chancellor and Chancellor of the University of Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="36635003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635003" title="Longhorn cattle">
Longhorn cattle

Longhorn cattle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36635008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635008" title="H. E. Kirkemo">
H. E. Kirkemo

Henry Elmer "Kirk" Kirkemo (July 26, 1894 - March 22, 1987) was an American architect principally known for his work in western Montana and, in particular, in Missoula, Montana. His son, James W. Kirkemo, later took over his architecture practice. His papers are maintained at the University of Montana - Missoula. At the time of the 1930 and 1940 United States Censuses, Kirkemo was living in Missoula with his wife Lillian and son James Wallace Kirkemo.
He worked together with A.J. (Albert John) Gibson (1862-1928) and with Ole Bakke (1889-1925).
A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Works include:

</doc>
<doc id="36635011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635011" title="Reminiscing (disambiguation)">
Reminiscing (disambiguation)

"Reminiscing" is a 1978 song by Australian rock music group Little River Band.
Reminiscing may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36635029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635029" title="Matop">
Matop

Matop is a settlement in the Saratok division of Sarawak, Malaysia. It lies approximately east of the state capital Kuching. 
Neighbouring settlements include:

</doc>
<doc id="36635035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635035" title="Milky Juicy">
Milky Juicy

Milky Juicy is the fifth album by folk rock band Tiny Lights, released in 1994 through Doctor Dream Records.
Release and reception.
Nitsuh Abebe of Allmusic gave it two and a half out of five stars, stating that the album contains few redeeming qualities and sounds dull compared to the band's previous output. On the other hand, critics of the "Trouser Press" found "Milky Juicy" to be just as appealing as the previous record, saying it was the band's most eclectic music to date. 

</doc>
<doc id="36635048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635048" title="Franz Schoenberner">
Franz Schoenberner

Franz Schoenberner (December 18, 1892 in Berlin – April 11, 1970 in Teaneck, New Jersey) was a German editor and writer.
Life and works.
Franz Schoenberner grew up as the eleventh child of a pastor in Berlin. From 1911 to 1914, he studied literature and art history in Berlin and Munich. From 1923-25, he was editor of the "Auslandpost", the literary supplement of the "Allgemeine Zeitung" and the weekly radio "Süddeutscher Rundfunk". In 1927, he was the successor of Georg Hirth as editor of the Art Nouveau journal "Jugend". Schoenberner became an associate of Thomas Theodor Heine and from November 1929 to March 1933, the last editor of "Simplicissimus", before Hitler's seizure of power. The editors and authors of "Simplicissimus" came into conflict with the Nazi's and many fled Germany for their lives. Schoenberner and his wife, novelist Ellie Nerac, followed Heine on 20 March 1933 to exile in Switzerland and then to France where he lived in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin on the French Riviera. During this time he published articles in Klaus Mann's exile magazine "Die Sammlung" and the social democratic "Zurcher Zeitung".
After war broke out in 1939, he was re-located to France, where he was interned as an "alien enemy". His detention camp was the former brick works Les Milles, in Toulon. There he met many artists and writers, such as Max Ernst, Walter Hasenclever and Lion Feuchtwanger. In 1941, he fled with the help of the refugee organization "Emergency Rescue Committee" to Marseille, then Lisbon and on to New York. In New York he published the first volume of his memoirs "Confessions of a European Intellectual" (1946) which described his years in Germany. The second volume, "The Inside Story of an Outsider", was published in 1949, about his eight years in exile.
In 1951, he fell down a flight of stairs after an assault, and spent rest of his life in a wheelchair paralyzed from the waist down. His experience and thoughts were worked into the third volume of his memoirs, "You Still Have Your Head: Excursions from Immobility".
In 1965 Schoenberner returned to Germany on a visit, after 32 years away from his home country. He died in 1970, in Teaneck, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="36635059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635059" title="William López">
William López

William Alberto López García (24 September 1978 – 20 June 2005) was a Salvadoran footballer.
Club career.
López played for Salvadoran premier division sides Arcense and Alianza.
International career.
López made his debut for El Salvador in a January 2004 friendly match against Panama in which he started but was substituted after only 8 minutes. It proved to be his sole international match.
Death.
On 20 June 2005, López was attacked in Quezaltepeque by gang members and shot in the abdomen. He died in an ambulance while being rushed to a nearby hospital. Family held members of the Mara Salvatrucha gang responsible for the attack. López was survived by his wife, Rosario del Carmen Pacheco and sons William and Cristian. He was buried in Quezaltepeque on 23 June 2005.
In October 2005, a juvenile was sentenced to 7 years in detention and other suspects of the murder were still awaiting their trial. Later, Jesús Membreño was sentenced to 40 years in prison for the murder on López.

</doc>
<doc id="36635060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635060" title="Jonesborough Union order of battle">
Jonesborough Union order of battle

The following Union Army units and commanders fought in the Battle of Jonesborough of the American Civil War on August 31-September 1, 1864. 
Military Division of the Mississippi.
MG William T. Sherman<br>
<br>
Headquarters
Army of the Cumberland.
MG George Henry Thomas<br>
<br>
Headquarters
IV Corps.
MG David S. Stanley
XIV Corps.
BG Jefferson C. Davis
Cavalry Corps.
BG Washington Elliott, Chief of Cavalry, Army of the Cumberland
Army of the Tennessee.
MG Oliver O. Howard<br>
<br>
Headquarters
XV Corps.
MG John A. Logan
XVI Corps.
BG Thomas E. G. Ransom
XVII Corps.
MG Francis P. Blair, Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="36635062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635062" title="Ahmad Ahi">
Ahmad Ahi

Ahmad Ahi (; born 1985) is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Malavan in the Iran's Premier Football League.
Club career.
Ahi started his career with Persepolis Academy. In 2006 he promoted to first team but never play a game. In summer 2011 he joined Malavan & was given #26. After injury of Alireza Jarahkar he used as regular player & extend his contract for another two years in summer 2012.
Statistics.
Last Update 30 April 2013 
International.
He invited Team Melli in April 2012 by Carlos Queiroz after injury of Siamak Kouroshi, former Naft Tehran F.C. Defender. He made his debut for national team in 3–0 victory against Mozambique while he used as a substitute.

</doc>
<doc id="36635071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635071" title="Beduru">
Beduru

Beduru (also known as Bedura) is a longhouse in the Saratok division of Sarawak, Malaysia. It lies approximately east of the state capital Kuching. 
Neighbouring settlements include:

</doc>
<doc id="36635078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635078" title="Samuel Prior">
Samuel Prior

Samuel Henry Prior (10 January 1869 - 6 June 1933), was an Australian journalist, manager and editor of "The Bulletin".
Prior was educated at Glenelg Grammar School and the Bendigo School of Mines and Industries, Victoria. He became a teacher but soon joined the "Bendigo Independent" as a mining reporter.
Prior briefly edited the "Broken Hill Times" and its successor, the Broken Hill Argus. For fourteen years from around 1889 he edited the "Barrier Miner".
Prior had ambitions as a financial journalist and sent pieces to the Sydney "Bulletin". Jules Francois Archibald was so impressed that he invited Prior to join the staff. Prior accepted and took over from James Edmond as financial editor in 1903. In 1912 Prior became associate editor; in 1914 when Archibald sold his "Bulletin" interests to Prior, he became a major shareholder. In 1915 Prior became senior editor.
Prior became both manager and editor in 1927 when William Macleod sold his shareholding to him.

</doc>
<doc id="36635084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635084" title="Peter P. Murphy">
Peter P. Murphy

Peter Patrick Murphy (July 18, 1801 Albany, New York – January 20, 1880 Royalton, Niagara County, New York) was an American physician and politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of Peter Murphy (c.1779–1844) and Catherine (Conner) Murphy (c.1781–1846). He attended The Albany Academy. In 1820, he removed to Herkimer County, and taught school. Then he studied medicine in Cherry Valley, graduated from Fairfield Medical College in 1827, and practiced medicine in Stark. On December 30, 1827, he married Anna Kayner (b. 1806), and they had several children.
As a Democrat, he was a member of the New York State Assembly (Herkimer Co.) in 1835. Afterwards he resumed the practice of medicine in Royalton, New York. In 1848, he joined the Free Soil Party, and in 1855 became a Republican. He was a delegate to the 1856 Republican National Convention. He was Supervisor of the Town of Royalton for one term; and a member of the New York State Senate (29th D.) in 1860 and 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="36635093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635093" title="Titik">
Titik

Titik is a settlement in the Saratok division of Sarawak, Malaysia. It lies approximately east of the state capital Kuching. 
Neighbouring settlements include:

</doc>
<doc id="36635111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635111" title="Mission Acres, California">
Mission Acres, California

Mission Acres was a historic rural community in the northern San Fernando Valley. Its historic boundaries correspond roughly with the former community of Sepulveda, and present day community of North Hills within the City of Los Angeles. The community's western border was Bull Creek, which flowed south out of Box Canyon in the western San Gabriel Mountains near San Fernando Pass. 
History.
In the 19th century the site was originally part of the Mission San Fernando Rey de España, and then the Rancho Ex-Mission San Fernando of Andrés Pico, near the Andrés Pico Adobe.
In the early 20th century it was accesable from the Pacific Electric Red Car San Fernando line, a route from Downtown Los Angeles to the ranches, orchards, and towns of the northwestern San Fernando Valley.
Shaded by Coast Live Oaks ("Quercus agrifolia") and California Two-petal Ash ("Fraxinus dipetala"), major products were citrus, eggs, Whiteface Cattle, quail, truck produce, and gladioli.
According to local history, Dan Blocker (Hoss Cartwright of the "Bonanza" Series) owned a ranch-house here, off Aqueduct Avenue west of the San Diego Freeway.

</doc>
<doc id="36635139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635139" title="Aalto University Sports Club">
Aalto University Sports Club

Aalto University Sports Club, AaltoUS, (Finnish "Aalto-yliopiston urheiluseura"), formerly known as "Polyteknikkojen urheiluseura" (‘Polytechnics Sports Club’) or PUS, is a Finnish sports club founded in Helsinki in 1903.
The club was the sports club of the Helsinki University of Technology, but as of 29 March 2010, the name has been "Aalto-yliopiston urheiluseura", reflecting the merger of the Helsinki University of Technology, the Helsinki School of Economics, and the University of Art and Design Helsinki into what is now the Aalto University.
History.
The name of the club was originally "Polyteknikkojen voimistelu- ja urheiluseura" (‘Polytechnics Gymnastics and Sports Club’), but it was soon changed into "Polyteknikkojen urheiluseura". Over the years, its sports have included gymnastics, football, skiing, skating, basketball, volleyball, bandy, rink bandy, and futsal.
Honours.
In football, the club participated in some of the very first Finnish championship competitions, winning silver in the first year in 1908 and gold in 1909. However, even before this, the club had won the football competition that was arranged in conjunction of the 1907 Finnish Championships in Athletics.
In bandy the club snatched the first two Finnish championships in 1908 and 1909. In 1910 it won silver in this competition.
In pesäpallo (“Finnish baseball”) the club participated in the 1930s in many tournaments, such as the "Pikkumaila" (‘Little Bat’), which was arranged to teams that were not in the top flight of that sport in Finland. The club won this tournament in 1930 and 1931. The club also has won the Finnish Academic Championship in this sport on a few occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="36635155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635155" title="The Smaller the Grape, the Sweeter the Wine">
The Smaller the Grape, the Sweeter the Wine

The Smaller the Grape, the Sweeter the Wine is the sixth and final album by folk rock band Tiny Lights, released February 18, 1997 through Bar/None Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36635165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635165" title="Physical acoustics">
Physical acoustics

Physical acoustics is the area of acoustics and physics that studies interactions of acoustic waves with a gaseous, liquid or solid medium on macro- and micro-levels. This relates to the interaction of sound with thermal waves in crystals (phonons), with light (photons), with electrons in metals and semiconductors (acousto-electric phenomena), with magnetic excitations in ferromagnetic crystals (magnons), etc. Some recently developed experimental techniques include photo-acoustics, acoustic microscopy and acoustic emission. A long standing interest is in acoustic and ultrasonic wave propagation and scattering in inhomogeneous materials, including composite materials and biological tissues. 
There are two main classes of problems studied in physical acoustics. The first one concerns understanding how the physical properties of a medium (solid, liquid, or gas) influence the propagation of acoustic waves in this medium in order to use this knowledge for practical purposes. The second important class of problems studied in physical acoustics is to obtain the relevant information about a medium under consideration by measuring the properties of acoustic waves propagating through this medium.

</doc>
<doc id="36635262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635262" title="Soldado de cuera">
Soldado de cuera

The soldado de cuera, or leather-jacket, was a type of soldier who served in the frontier garrisons of northern New Spain. He took his name from the multi-layered deer-skin cloak he wore as protection against Indian arrows. He was armed with a short musket, a pair of pistols, a bow and arrows, a short sword, a lance, and a bull-hide "adarga". These frontier soldiers were recruited from among the mestizo population, Hispanicized Indians, and freed slaves. Most of the officers were European-born, or the sons of Europeans, whereas very few of the enlisted men had this distinction. The soldados de cuera manned the presidios that stretched from Los Adeas, Louisiana, in the East, across Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona, to the Pacific Coast of Alta California in the West.

</doc>
<doc id="36635275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635275" title="Altaf M. Saleem">
Altaf M. Saleem

Altaf Muhammad Saleem is a Pakistani government officer, businessman, industrialist, educationalist, environmentalist and conservationist.
Life.
He was the eldest son of his parents, his father died when Altaf was 21. He has two brothers, one who is the CEO of Crescent Steel and Allied Products as well as Shakarganj Mills limited while the other is Managing Director at Shakarganj Mills Limited. He currently lives in Lahore. 

</doc>
<doc id="36635288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635288" title="Kyō no Asuka Show">
Kyō no Asuka Show


</doc>
<doc id="36635314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635314" title="Louisiana State Route 93">
Louisiana State Route 93

Louisiana State Route 93 (LA 93) was one of the 98 original state highways that were established in 1921. It ran in an east to west direction for , spanning from Erwinville to New Roads.
Route description.
Beginning at New Roads, at the intersection of Main Street and the New Roads Lane, through Oscar to the Bayou Poydras Lane, thence to the West Baton Rouge line on Bayou Poydras. - 1924 Louisiana Legislative Route Description
LA 93 was established as the east path of LA 30, in the same manner that LA 94 followed Lake Providence along the opposite side than LA 3. LA 93 began at an intersection with LA 73 north of US 190, although LA 93 is shown on some maps as extending south to meet US 190.
LA 93 followed the current LA 413 to the southern end of False River, turning toward New Roads and following the curvature of the lake. It then entered New Roads, ending at an intersection with LA 30.

</doc>
<doc id="36635341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635341" title="The Jew">
The Jew

The Jew is a comedy written by playwright Richard Cumberland and first presented at the Drury Lane Theatre in London in May 1794. The play is notable as the first play in the English theatre to portray a Jewish moneylender as the hero of a stage production. An adaptation of the original play along with a facsimile copy of "The Jew" was published in 2012 as "Sheva, the Benevolent".
The anti-Jewish tradition on the English stage dates back at least to the expulsion of the Jews from England in 1290 and is exemplified by the characters of Shylock in William Shakespeare's "The Merchant of Venice" and Barabas in Christopher Marlowe’s "The Jew of Malta". In a series of articles called "Observer", first published in 1785, Cumberland created a character named Abraham Abrahams who would later serve as a template for Sheva, the title character in "The Jew". In one instalment of "Observer", Abrahams is quoted as saying, "I verily believe the odious character of Shylock has brought little less persecution upon us, poor scattered sons of Abraham, than the Inquisition itself." A decade later, in writing "The Jew", Cumberland sought to create a positive image of a Jewish man that would counteract centuries of ant-Semitic portraits. The tremendous success of the initial production prompted Cumberland to later write, "The benevolence of the audience assisted me in rescuing a forlorn and persecuted character, which till then had only been brought upon the stage for the unmanly purpose of being made a spectacle of contempt, and a butt for ridicule. In the success of this comedy I felt of course a greater gratification, than I had ever felt upon a like occasion."
Shortly after its London premiere, the play began to be performed in the United States, first in Boston, Philadelphia and New York City and later in Richmond, Charleston and many other cities and towns. The play was also translated into numerous languages including German, French, Hebrew, Yiddish and Russian. The last known New York production under its original title was presented at the Bronx Free Synagogue in 1919.
Plot.
Charles, a young clerk employed in the counting house of the merchant Sir Stephen Bertram is fired because his sister Eliza is romantically involved with Sir Stephen's son, Frederick (who is also Charles's best friend). Unknown to both Sir Stephen and Charles, Frederick and Eliza have already been secretly married. To help his now unemployed friend financially, Frederick seeks to borrow money from a Jewish moneylender named Sheva, whom Frederick assumes is a merciless and stingy miser. Sheva is actually a very kind man and a sympathetic listener. When he realises that Charles is the son of "Don Carlos," a soldier who once rescued him from an angry mob in Cadiz, Spain, he decides to give Frederick the money to help his friend, and secretly invests money in Eliza's name to demonstrate to Sir Stephen that Eliza is a worthy wife for his son. Charles, however, is stubbornly proud, and when he learns that Frederick has secretly married his sister, he challenges his friend to a duel. Their sword fight ends quickly when Charles receives a minor cut on his wrist, and once the truth about Sheva's generous gift is revealed, everything ends happily.

</doc>
<doc id="36635347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635347" title="Neuburg Castle (Bavaria)">
Neuburg Castle (Bavaria)

The Neuburg Castle (German: "Schloss Neuburg") is a palace in Neuburg an der Donau, Upper Bavaria.
History.
The original castle was built in the early Middle Ages by the Agilolfings. This was acquired by the Wittelsbach dukes in 1247.
When Count Palatine Otto Henry began his rule in Palatinate-Neuburg in 1522, he found a medieval fortified castle in his residence city of Neuburg, which, unlike similar than other royal residences was still not adjusted for the demands of a modern royal court. So from 1527 he ordered to re-design the castle into a Renaissance palace and to expand the artistic quality and condition to one of the most important palaces of the first half of the 16th Century in Germany. From 1537 an additional west wing was added which also includes the chapel. With his conversion to the Lutheran doctrine in 1541 the Palatine Chapel was decorated with excellent facilities, the antique-style Italian picture program painted in 1543 has been obtained. The chapel was decorated with famous frescoes by the Salzburg church painter Hans Bocksberger the Elder. The chapel is the oldest Protestant church in Bavaria. Because of the financial difficulties and bankruptcy of Otto Henry in 1544, the construction of the west wing took a long time.
Wolfgang, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken, who succeeded his cousin Otto Henry in the Duchy of Palatinate-Neuburg, ordered in 1562 to decorate the west wing facing the courtyard with elaborate Sgraffito decorations. The Knights' Hall (the lower panel room in north building) was provided in 1575 by Hans Pihel with a coffered ceiling and wall panels from a rotating timber, both of which are original. The impressive east wing was rebuilt in 1665 by Philip William, Elector Palatine in the Baroque style and complemented with two round towers.
Today the castle houses a gallery of baroque paintings, the museum is under supervision of the Bavarian State Picture Collection.

</doc>
<doc id="36635383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635383" title="Mark E. Clayton">
Mark E. Clayton

Mark E. Clayton (born 1976 or 1977) was the Democratic nominee in the 2012 U.S. Senate election in Tennessee. In the August 2 primary election, Clayton received his party's nomination with roughly 30 percent of the vote in a multi-candidate field. There is no runoff election in Tennessee; therefore with less than a third of the votes cast, Clayton became his party's nominee. The day after his nomination, the Tennessee Democratic Party disavowed his candidacy, citing Clayton's conservative and libertarian views. Clayton lost to incumbent Republican Bob Corker in the November 6 general election.
Background.
Clayton was born in Mobile in south Alabama, but he was reared in Alexandria, Virginia. His parents, Mr. and Mrs. William Gill Clayton, were Goldwater Republicans. His father lobbied Congress on religious liberty issues. Clayton graduated from high school and served in the United States Army Reserve. He studied to be an aircraft electrician before he enrolled at Pensacola Christian College in Pensacola, Florida, from which he graduated in 2002. 
In 2003, Clayton moved to Nashville. His father died in 2004 and Clayton purchased a 1920s-era farmhouse on three acres in Whites Creek in suburban Davidson County. Clayton, who has never been married, lives in Whites Creek with his dog, Saint. 
Clayton has worked at numerous jobs, including Target, a call center, as a floor installer, and as a salesperson of insurance, siding, and roofs. He is a church youth group leader. He is currently employed with a moving company.
2008 U.S. Senate candidacy.
Clayton first ran for U.S. Senate in 2008, when he finished fourth among six candidates in the Democratic primary with 32,309 votes. Bob Tuke won the nomination with 59,000 votes and was then decisively defeated in the general election by the Republican incumbent Lamar Alexander of Maryville, whom Clayton had described as a "neo-conservative",
2012 candidacy for U.S. Senate.
After Clayton's primary triumph, the Tennessee Democratic Party disavowed his candidacy and his vice-presidency of the socially conservative interest group, the Public Advocate of the United States, based in Washington, D.C. 
The Tennessee Democratic Party issued this statement:
The only time that Clayton has voted in a Democratic primary was when he was voting for himself. Many Democrats in Tennessee knew nothing about any of the candidates in the race; so they voted for the person at the top of the ticket. Unfortunately, none of the other Democratic candidates was able to run the race needed to gain statewide visibility or support. Mark Clayton is associated with a known hate group in Washington, D.C., and the Tennessee Democratic Party disavows his candidacy, will not do anything to promote or support him in any way, and urges Democrats to write-in a candidate of their choice in November.
Larry Crim, one of Clayton's primary opponents, challenged the primary election outcome in United States District Court, but his suit was dismissed for lack of evidence.
Clayton's nomination has been compared to that of the previously unknown Alvin Greene in the Democratic primary in the 2010 Senate race in South Carolina. Greene was then handily defeated by the Republican Jim DeMint.
2014 candidacy for Tennessee governor.
Clayton attempted to register as a candidate in the Democratic primary for the Tennessee governor in 2014. The Democratic Party of Tennessee denied his attempt to run in the primary election, describing him as, "not a bona fide Democrat." Clayton filed a suit in federal court, but lost when the judge found there were no grounds for the suit at the federal level. 
Political positions.
Clayton is pro-life, believes in traditional marriage, and believes that the TSA should be shut down. He opposes national ID Cards. 
Public Advocate of the United States.
Clayton's work at the Public Advocate of the United States, a conservative group based in Washington, D.C., has come under scrutiny. The group has been designated as an anti-gay hate group by the Alabama-based Southern Poverty Law Center.
In a press release The Public Advocate proclaimed that it "associates with members of both major parties in a non-partisan fashion and promotes traditional values". The organization contends that Clayton has demonstrated that "an American patriot can put his or her name on the ballot and win big as a conservative, even in the Democratic Party." A Clayton spokesman criticized the state Democratic party for disowning the nominee and argued that the state party had violated the law by using its resources to attack one of its own candidates. The Clayton campaign also said that it would file a complaint with the Federal Election Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="36635389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635389" title="Japanese Architecture and Art Net Users System">
Japanese Architecture and Art Net Users System

Japanese Architecture and Art Net Users System or JAANUS is an online dictionary of Japanese architecture and art terms compiled by Dr. Mary Neighbour Parent. It contains approximately eight thousand entries. It is searchable in both English and romaji and contains many hyperlinks and illustrations.

</doc>
<doc id="36635393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635393" title="Baslakhu">
Baslakhu

Baslakhu is a village in Ochamchira District, Abkhazia, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="36635397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635397" title="1934–35 Western Football League">
1934–35 Western Football League

The 1934–35 season was the 38th in the history of the Western Football League.
The Division One champions for the fourth time in their history were Yeovil and Petters United. The winners of Division Two were Swindon Town Reserves. There was again no promotion or relegation between the two divisions this season.
Final tables.
Division One.
After Taunton Town left the league, Division One remained at seven clubs, with one new club joining:
Division Two.
Division Two remained at eighteen clubs after Poole Town left and one new club joined:
1 The system of using goal average to separate two teams tied on points was used up to and including the 1976–77 season.
2 The points system: 2 points for a win, 1 point for a draw and 0 points for losing.

</doc>
<doc id="36635410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635410" title="Karolina Michalczuk">
Karolina Michalczuk

Karolina Anna Michalczuk is a world champion boxer, and twice European champion. She was born in Brzezice, a village in eastern Poland. Her club is Paco Lublin.
She represented Poland in the 2012 Summer Olympics taking place in London in the flyweight division. She lost in the Round of 16 to India's Mary Kom 14-19.

</doc>
<doc id="36635420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635420" title="Dale Carrick">
Dale Carrick

Dale Carrick (born 7 January 1994) is a Scottish professional footballer, who plays for Heart of Midlothian in the Scottish Championship, as a forward. He has represented Scotland at under-16 and under-21 levels.
Career.
Hearts.
A member of Hearts Under-20 side he made his Scottish Premier League debut on 4 August 2012, in a 2–0 win over St. Johnstone. On 23 August 2012, in only his second appearance he made his European debut as substitute in a 1–0 defeat to Liverpool at Tynecastle. His first goal for Hearts came on 18 January 2014 in a thrilling 3–3 draw against St Johnstone at McDiarmid Park.
Scotland.
Carrick has represented Scotland at U16 level. He made his debut in an International Challenge match against Jersey on 18 August 2009 and made four appearances in total.

</doc>
<doc id="36635435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635435" title="Athens City School District">
Athens City School District

The Athens City School District is a public school district in Athens County, Ohio, United States, based in The Plains, Ohio.
Schools.
The Athens City School District has four elementary schools, one middle school, and one high school.

</doc>
<doc id="36635439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635439" title="Rescue Me!">
Rescue Me!


</doc>
<doc id="36635481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635481" title="Chris Womersley (alpine skier)">
Chris Womersley (alpine skier)

Christopher Peter (Chris) Womersley (born 1949) is an alpine skier from New Zealand. 
He competed for New Zealand at the 1972 Winter Olympics at Oslo, and came 41st in the downhill and 35th in the giant slalom, but did not qualify in the slalom. He went to the 1968 Winter Olympics at Grenoble, but did not compete. 
He is a brother of 1960 alpine skier Cecilia Womersley.

</doc>
<doc id="36635505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635505" title="Pomponius Januarianus">
Pomponius Januarianus

Pomponius Januarianus (fl. 3rd century) was a Roman senator who was appointed consul in AD 288.
Biography.
A member of the Equestrian order, Januarianus served as the "Praefectus Aegypti" from AD 283 to 284 under the emperor Numerian. He transferred his loyalty to the incoming emperor Diocletian, who rewarded him with advancement into high office. Sometime between AD 284 and 289, Januarianus was adlected into the Roman senate, and served as Praetorian prefect to Diocletian at some point.
In AD 288 Januarianus was granted the office of "consul posterior" alongside the emperor Maximian. Either during his time as consul or immediately after his replacement by a suffect consul, he was appointed the "Praefectus Urbi" of Rome, a position he held from 27 February 288 until sometime in AD 289.

</doc>
<doc id="36635544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635544" title="Shabbethai Premsla">
Shabbethai Premsla

Shabbethai Premsla was a Galician philologist and scribe of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries who lived in Przemyśl, Poland, from which his name derives. 
Premsla was the author of a commentary on Moses Kimhi's grammatical work, "Sefer Mahalak", in which he defends the author against the criticism of Elijah Levita, a commentator on the same work. His annotations to the prayers, which were published in Dyhernfurth, Poland, were reprinted many times. He was a Talmudic scholar, and one of his responsa, on the writing of the Tetragrammaton, is found in the "Teshubot ha-Geonim", published in Amsterdam in 1707. Four of his works, which were left in manuscript, are known, including one on the necessity of grammatical studies. Hayyim Bochner was his pupil.

</doc>
<doc id="36635549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635549" title="Bad Influence (professional wrestling)">
Bad Influence (professional wrestling)

Bad Influence is a professional wrestling tag team consisting of Christopher Daniels and Kazarian they currently compete for Ring of Honor (ROH) promotion. They have also competed in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).
History.
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Formation (2011).
Christopher Daniels and Kazarian were first united in TNA as members of the stable Fortune in 2011. Kazarian had been one of the first two founding members of Fortune alongside A.J. Styles from the group's formation in 2010, while Daniels would make his second return to TNA to join Fortune in their feud against Immortal after Styles was injured heading into the 2011 Lockdown pay-per-view. After Lockdown went by with Fortune defeating Immortal in the Lethal Lockdown main event, Daniels was confirmed as a member of Fortune, and he and Kazarian, who was X-Division Champion at the time and would lose it about a month later, would continue on in that capacity for the next few months. This would lead up to Destination X on July 10, TNA's first ever all X Division pay-per-view, where Kazarian would defeat Samoa Joe while Daniels would face Styles in the main event, with Styles emerging victorious. For weeks after this, Daniels would begin talking to Styles on an unknown matter for a number of weeks, heading into Hardcore Justice, where A.J., Daniels, and Kazarian would defeat three members of Immortal in a tag match.
Soon after this, it was revealed that Daniels wanted a rematch of their Destination X encounter, which Styles finally granted on the September 1 episode of "Impact Wrestling", where Daniels managed to pick up the win. After the match, however, Daniels refused to shake hands with Styles. On the September 22 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Daniels refused to return the favor and give Styles a rematch, which eventually led to a brawl between the two. When the two were finally separated from each other by Kazarian, Daniels kicked Styles in the groin, completing his heel turn and leaving Fortune. Two weeks later it was announced that, at Daniels' request, he and Styles would face each other at Bound for Glory in an "I Quit" match. On October 16 at Bound for Glory, Daniels submitted in the "I Quit" match after being threatened with a screwdriver, but continued the feud by attacking Styles after the match. On the October 27 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Daniels entered a feud with Rob Van Dam after hitting him with a toolbox during a match between the two and thus losing via disqualification. This feud would involve Van Dam stopping Daniels from using a screwdriver in a match against Styles on the November 10 episode of "Impact Wrestling", as well as two straight pay-per-view losses to Van Dam on November 13 at Turning Point and on December 11 at Final Resolution.
Feud with A.J. Styles and World Tag Team Champions (2012–2013).
Daniels then returned to his rivalry with A.J. Styles, managing to convince Kazarian to turn on him on the January 5, 2012 episode of "Impact Wrestling", effectively putting the nail in the coffin of the now defunct Fortune. On the February 9 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Daniels defeated Styles in a singles match with help from Kazarian, who was now showing signs that Daniels was holding something over his head and had forced him to turn on Styles against his will. On March 18 at Victory Road, Daniels and Kazarian were defeated in a tag team match by Styles and Mr. Anderson. The rivalry continued on April 15 at Lockdown, where the two duos were on opposing teams in the annual Lethal Lockdown match. Styles' and Anderson's team, led by Garett Bischoff, ended up defeating Daniels' and Kazarian's team, led by Eric Bischoff.
During Styles' absence from "Impact Wrestling", Daniels and Kazarian set their sights on the TNA World Tag Team Championship, attacking champions Magnus and Samoa Joe on the April 26 episode. On the May 10 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Kazarian revealed that he originally aligned himself with Daniels to keep him from revealing Styles' secret, but changed his mind after learning what the secret was. Daniels then revealed the secret, a series of photographs insinuating a relationship between Styles and TNA president Dixie Carter. Three days later at Sacrifice, Daniels and Kazarian defeated Magnus and Samoa Joe to win the TNA World Tag Team Championship for the first time. Later in the event, Daniels and Kazarian cost A.J. Styles his match with Kurt Angle, who afterwards turned on the two, saving Styles from a beatdown. On May 31, Daniels main evented a live episode of "Impact Wrestling", losing to A.J. Styles in a singles grudge match. After the match, Daniels and Kazarian attacked both Styles and Angle, who attempted to make the save, before rolling an audio of a phone conversation to prove an affair between Styles and Carter. The tape was abruptly cut short by Carter ending the show. On June 10 at Slammiversary, Daniels and Kazarian lost the TNA World Tag Team Championship to Styles and Angle.
On the following episode of "Impact Wrestling", Daniels entered the 2012 Bound for Glory Series, taking part in the opening gauntlet match, from which he eliminated both Styles and Angle, before being eliminated himself by James Storm. On the June 21 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Styles and Carter proved that Daniels and Kazarian had been lying about their relationship by producing a pregnant woman named Claire Lynch, whom they had been helping overcome her addictions. The following week, Kazarian teased dissension with Daniels, claiming that he had been lied to. However, in the main event of the evening, Kazarian revealed that he was still on Daniels' side, when the two defeated Styles and Angle, after Kazarian hit Styles with a steel chair, to regain the TNA World Tag Team Championship. Following the win, Daniels admitted that Styles and Carter had told the truth about Claire, but claimed that they had left out the part about Styles being the father of her unborn baby. On July 8 at Destination X, Daniels was defeated by Styles in a Last Man Standing match. On the August 8 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Daniels and Kazarian, billing themselves as "The World Tag Team Champions of the World", made their first televised defense of the TNA World Tag Team Championship, defeating Devon and Garett Bischoff. Daniels' participation in the 2012 Bound for Glory Series ended on the following episode of "Impact Wrestling" with a loss against A.J. Styles, leaving him outside a spot in the semifinals. As a result of the win, Styles also earned a paternity test, which revealed that Claire was not pregnant at all. The storyline ended with Claire, through her attorney, revealing Daniels' and Kazarian's plot to blackmail Styles with her fake pregnancy. On September 6 as part of the first "Championship Thursday", Daniels and Kazarian successfully defended the TNA World Tag Team Championship against Chavo Guerrero, Jr. and Hernandez. Three days later at No Surrender, Daniels and Kazarian made another successful title defense against previous champions, A.J. Styles and Kurt Angle. On October 14 at Bound for Glory, Daniels and Kazarian lost the TNA World Tag Team Championship to Chavo Guerrero, Jr. and Hernandez in a three-way match, which also included A.J. Styles and Kurt Angle. Daniels and Kazarian received their rematch on November 11 at Turning Point, but were again defeated by Guerrero and Hernandez. On December 9 at Final Resolution, Daniels defeated A.J. Styles in what was billed as their "final match", after hitting Styles with his own "Styles Clash" finisher.
Bad Influence and EGO (2013).
Daniels and Kazarian then dubbed their tag team Bad Influence and began a rivalry with James Storm after he defeated Kazarian at Final Resolution, and again on the January 3, 2013 episode of "Impact Wrestling". On January 13 at Genesis, Daniels defeated Storm in a number one contenders match for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship. Daniels received his title shot on the January 24 episode of "Impact Wrestling", but was defeated by defending champion Jeff Hardy. On March 10 at Lockdown, Bad Influence unsuccessfully challenged Austin Aries and Bobby Roode for the TNA World Tag Team Championship in a three-way match, also involving Chavo Guerrero, Jr. and Hernandez. In April, Daniels and Kazarian began teasing a Fortune reunion to battle the Aces & Eights stable, however, this plan was foiled by A.J. Styles and Bobby Roode both turning down offers to join them. Bad Influence faced Austin Aries and Bobby Roode in a number one contenders match on the May 9 episode of "Impact Wrestling", however, the match ended in a no contest after special guest referee James Storm superkicked Daniels and Aries and walked out on the match. On June 2 at Slammiversary XI, Bad Influence failed to capture the TNA World Tag Team Championship from Chavo Guerrero, Jr. and Hernandez in an fatal four-way elimination match, which also included Austin Aries and Bobby Roode and was won by Gunner and James Storm. On the June 13 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Daniels and Kazarian defeated Gunner and Storm in a non-title match to qualify for the 2013 Bound for Glory Series. While Daniels started off the series with seven points with pinfall victory over Hernandez, Kazarian would go on to lose all of his beginning matches. On the July 11 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Kazarian and Bobby Roode defeated Daniels and Austin Aries in a tag team match, with Kazarian pinning his Bad Influence partner for the win, to qualify for the BFG series gauntlet match later in the evening. During the match, however, Kazarian was the first man eliminated by A.J. Styles.
On the August 8 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Daniels and Kazarian faced off in a BFG series match, but despite teasing tension earlier in the night, got themselves intentionally counted out to each gain two points in the tournament. Afterwards, Daniels and Kazarian allied themselves with Bobby Roode to form a new force, intended for one of the three to win the Bound for Glory series. With each other's help, both Kazarian and Roode picked up twenty points each in the BFG series on August 15 at "Impact Wrestling: Hardcore Justice, with Kazarian winning a four-way ladder match and Roode winning a four-way tables match. The following week, the trio labelled themselves the Extraordinary Gentlemen's Organization (EGO) and Roode and Kazarian went on to defeat TNA World Tag Team Champions Gunner and James Storm in a non-title match. EGO would also try to recruit Roode's former tag team partner Austin Aries but Aries answered their offer by attacking Daniels and costing him his BFG series match. At TNA No Surrender 2013, Roode was defeated by Magnus & later, EGO interfered and attcked both Styles & Magnus in the finals. at the next edition, EGO defeated Mafia. Now, the trio team up very rarely because Kazarian and Daniels are in a different storyline with Eric Young and Abyss while Bobby Roode is in the TNA World Title Tournament. At TNA Turning Point, Bobby Roode defeated longtime rival James Storm in a Florida Death Match to advance in TNA World Title Tournament while Kaz & Daniels insulted Abyss's brother Joseph Park.
Various feuds and departure (2013–2014).
At Bound for Glory, Bad Influence were defeated by Eric Young and Joseph Park in a Gauntlet match. After being eliminated, both attacked Park and made him bleed. The same night, Abyss appeared and attacked Bad Influence. Over the following weeks, Bad Influence mocked Park and tried to reveal his true identity. On December 5, 2013, Bad Influence revealed Park's Law Firm was closed 13 years ago. On December 12, 2013, Bad Influence were defeated by Park and Eric Young when Young made Park bleed. On December 26, 2013, Bad Influence were defeated again by Park in a Monster's Ball match. On March 2, 2014, Bad Influence were part of a group of TNA wrestlers that took part in Wrestle-1's event in Tokyo, Japan, defeating Junior Stars (Koji Kanemoto and Minoru Tanaka) in a tag team match. On March 9, 2014 at TNA Lockdown, Bad Influence along with Chris Sabin were defeated by Wrestle-1's The Great Muta, Sanada, and Yasu in a six-man interpromotional tag team steel cage match. On April 12, 2014, at TNA One Night Only's X-Travaganza 2 event Bad Influence were defeated by The Wolves (Eddie Edwards and Davey Richards) in the EC3 Invitational Ladder match where the winners received $25,000. This was Daniels' last TNA appearance, as he announced his departure from TNA on April 23. Kazarian also left TNA following May 10.
Independent circuit (2013–present).
While Bad Influence were in TNA, they appeared in other promotions. On April 29, 2013, Bad Influence were defeated by The Young Bucks at Quintessential Pro Wrestling. Two days later, they wrestled in Puerto Rico for World Wrestling League, Bad Influence and Bobby Roode were defeated by Adam Pearce, James Storm and Samoa Joe in a main event dark match. On January 24, 2014, Bad Influences appeared at Big Time Wrestling's Battle Royal, where they defeated The Ballard Brothers (Shane Ballard & Shannon Ballard). On April 5, 2014, Kazarian and Daniels returned to the independent circuit at Dragon Gate USA's Mercury Rising in a Dark Main Event defeating the Open The United Gate Champions The Bravado Brothers. The same day they defeated OI4K at the CZW WrestleCon. On June 6, 2014, Bad Influence made their debuts in Tommy Dreamer's House of Hardcore at HOH 4, defeating Outlaw Inc. (Eddie Kingston and Homicide). On June 7, 2014, Bad Influence returned to House of Hardcore at HOH 5, defeating Petey Williams and Tony Nese. On June 14, 2014, at HOH 6, Bad Influence was defeated by The Young Bucks.
Ring of Honor (2014-present).
On May 18, 2014, it was announced that Christopher Daniels and Kazarian would be ready to debut in Ring of Honor. On June 22, 2014, at Best in the World Daniels and Kazarian unsuccessfully challenged reDRagon for the ROH World Tag Team Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36635551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635551" title="San Zenone al Lambro railway station">
San Zenone al Lambro railway station

San Zenone al Lambro is a railway station in Italy. Located on the Milan–Bologna railway, it serves the municipality of San Zenone al Lambro.
Services.
San Zenone al Lambro is served by the line S1 of the Milan suburban railway network, operated by the Lombard railway company Trenord.

</doc>
<doc id="36635553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635553" title="Out of the Game Tour">
Out of the Game Tour

The Out of the Game Tour is a concert tour by singer-songwriter Rufus Wainwright. The tour supports his seventh studio album, "Out of the Game". Beginning in April 2012, the tour has played over 100 shows in the Americas, Asia, Europe and Australasia.
Background.
The tour was announced on Wainwright's official website, coinciding with the singer's album release. Behind the scenes, Wainwright married his long-term partner Jörn Weisbrodt while the singer had a break in his tour schedule. Wainwright explained his personal life would not only reflect in the album but also the tour. The singer continued to say that he would be touring less in the forthcoming years, while concentrating on being a parent.
The tour began with two rehearsal shows at Under the Bridge, a nightclub located within Stamford Bridge in London. The tour officially kicked off in Denmark. Some of the tour dates in Europe included festival appearances at the Montreux Jazz Festival, Melt! Festival and the North Sea Jazz Festival.
Critical reception.
The tour was met with mixed reviews from music critics. For the first North American concert in New York City, Jon Pareles (The New York Times), felt the concert was a nice blend of Wainwright current and past songs. He continues to say "At times there was friction between Mr. Wainwright’s long melody lines and the shuffle and strut of their settings. But his supposed turn to pop isn’t a drastic change; older songs like 'April Fools' and 'Greek Song' showed he has been in that territory before".
The show was also praised by Simon Vozick-Levinson (Rolling Stone). He says "But for the most part, this was a night of pure pop joy. Afterward, he took a deep bow, accepted a bouquet from someone in the front rows—his second of the night—and walked offstage with a delighted grin". For the concert at the Ronit Farm Amphitheater, Rachel Marder (The Jerusalem Post) felt Wainwright channelled Elton John. She writes, "The show felt like a true ensemble performance, with the saxophone-player, clarinetist, drummer and backup singers all taking solos".
In Louisville, Selna Frye (lousiville.com) thinks the singer gave a stellar night of song. She comments, "As entertaining and musically rich as this show was, one primary thing I came away with—and maybe others did too—was an appreciation of Wainwright's unselfishness in giving these other fine artists their moments in the spotlight". At the Chicago show, Megan Ritt (Consequence of Sound), stated Wainwright was a "consummate performer". She goes on to say "The rarities he played certainly will stick with long-time fans, but the most impressive feature of the show was how the sometimes somber Wainwright appeared to enjoy the experience as much as the audience". At the Pabst Theatre in Milwaukee, Piet Levy stated, "His gorgeous operatic croon, heard alone, essentially served as the light".
The concert at the famed Sydney Opera House received a less favorable review. Iain Shedden (The Australian) writes that following a magnificent show, Wainwright ended it like a "high school end-of-term pantomime". He further explains, "The 90 minutes was a near-perfect blend of pop smarts and raw emotion, of which the singer seems to have an unlimited supply. The encore, however, was a horror of such significance, it threatened to undo everything that came before". At the Vicar Street in Dubin, Lauren Murphy (The Irish Times) gave the show three out of five stars. She writes, "Roving the aisles singing 'Gay Messiah', his intention to entertain is acknowledged—but another two or three songs in place of the pantomime-style silliness would have been more heartily appreciated. It’s an unfortunate end to an otherwise stirring show".
Band.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="36635566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635566" title="1968 Summer Olympics torch relay">
1968 Summer Olympics torch relay

The 1968 Summer Olympics torch relay took part as part of the build-up to the 1968 Summer Olympics hosted in Mexico City, Mexico. The Olympic flame was lit in Olympia, Greece, and retraced the steps of Christopher Columbus, founder of the New World. This theme celebrated the link between Latin-American and Mediterranean civilisations.
At the end of the relay the Olympic cauldron was for the first time lit by a female athlete. Mexican hurdler Enriqueta Basilio was chosen to complete the final leg of the 2,500 km running relay. The torch had covered a total distance of 13,620 km including the crossing of the Atlantic Ocean.
While the relay was largely successful it was marred by problems when exchanging the flame from one torch to another. Runners in Barcelona and Medinaceli were burned by small explosions as a lit torch came into contact with an unlit one.
Relay elements.
Torch.
American sculptor James Metcalf, an expatriate, won the commission to forge the torch for the Games. There were two torch designs used throughout the relay: Type A and Type B. The Type B torch was designed to follow the theme of the logo. It is grooved along its length and features a three-dimensional "MEXICO 68" at the top.
The torch used as a fuel source a compressed mix of nitrates, sulphur, alkaline metal carbonates, resins and silicones. It burned with a red-yellow flame. Problems with the torch occurred in Barcelona and then again in Medinaceli which saw minor explosions burn some torch-bearers. The cause was investigated and then attributed to "the too-rapid contact of a lighted torch with an unlighted one". Precautions were put in place to prevent further incidents.
Torch-bearers.
For the first time runners from different nations took part in the relay. In each previous torch relay the National Olympic Committee (NOC) for the host nation provided all the torch-bearers, but for this event each country through which the torch passed was allowed to select their own representatives.
Route.
The route was designed to replicate that taken by Christopher Columbus in his first visit to the New World. Three locations were seen as key to the route:
The flame was lit in Olympia and then taken to Athens where a ceremony greeted it on 24 August 1968. From there runners carried the torch to the port of Piraeus and it was taken aboard the Greek destroyer HNS "Navarino". The vessel sailed to Genoa, arriving there on 27 August where, outside the birthplace of Christopher Columbus, a special tribute was held. The following day saw the flame begin its journey to Barcelona aboard the "Palinuro", an Italian Navy training vessel. The relay crossed several Spanish provinces on its way to Palos de la Frontera, finally being carried into the port by Cristóbal Colón Carbajal, a direct descendant of Columbus. The crossing of the Atlantic Ocean began on 12 September and was overseen by the Spanish government who provided the "Princesa" for the journey.
On 29 September 1968 the Flame arrived just outside San Salvador at the original landing site of Columbus's first voyage. A celebration organised in conjunction with the Bahamas Olympic Association marked the first time that the Flame had been to the New World. At the end of the festivities the Flame was taken aboard the Mexican destroyer ARM "Durango". The ship arrived in Veracruz on 6 October with the torch being swam ashore by a relay of seventeen swimmers. From there the Mexican runners started their journey, and the Flame arrived at the Olympic Stadium Estadio Olímpico Universitario on 12 October.
In total the relay spanned , of which was on foot and was on water.
Lighting of the cauldron.
The cauldron was for the first time lit by a female athlete, Mexican hurdler Enriqueta Basilio. Basilio 
entered the Estadio Olímpico Universitario and ran a lap around the track before ascending the ramp up to the cauldron.

</doc>
<doc id="36635568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635568" title="Cecilia Womersley">
Cecilia Womersley

Cecilia Ann Womersley (later Cecilia Jenkins) (born 27 July 1943) is an alpine skier from New Zealand. 
She competed for New Zealand at the 1960 Winter Olympics at Squaw Valley, and came in 34th in the downhill, 27th in the giant slalom, and 38th in the slalom. 
She is the sister of 1972 alpine skier Chris Womersley.

</doc>
<doc id="36635595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635595" title="Tavazzano railway station">
Tavazzano railway station

Tavazzano is a railway station in Italy. Located on the Milan–Bologna railway, it serves the municipality of Tavazzano con Villavesco.
Services.
Tavazzano is served by the line S1 of the Milan suburban railway network, operated by the Lombard railway company Trenord.

</doc>
<doc id="36635596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635596" title="Elena Savelyeva">
Elena Savelyeva

Elena Savelyeva is a world champion boxer, and European champion. She was born in Tula, a city in Russia.
She represented Russia in the 2012 Summer Olympics taking place in London in the Flyweight Division. By defeating Kim Hye Song of North Korea in the opening round, Savelyeva won the first ever women's boxing bout at the Olympics. In the Quarter finals, however Elena lost to Ren Cancan of China 7-12.

</doc>
<doc id="36635621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635621" title="Pure Gold">
Pure Gold

Pure Gold may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36635627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635627" title="Virginia state senate delegations">
Virginia state senate delegations


</doc>
<doc id="36635632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635632" title="Kabo Island, Philippines">
Kabo Island, Philippines

Kabo (Kabusgan) Island is a small island off the coast of the main island of Mindanao; administratively it is in Surigao del Norte of the Caraga Region of the Mindanao island group of the Philippines.
Geography.
Kabo (Kabusgan) Island lies eastward across the bay from Surigao City. The island is irregular in shape elongated along a northeast-southwest line. It rises to an elevation of . On the shore side the mangroves form a brackish intermediate zone with no clear shoreline. On the Hintuan Passage side, the shore is generally clear cut. There is a reef, the Kabo Reef, about a half kilometer north of the island that extends to the northeast and east of the island. Load Island is immediately to the south. The island is owned by the Calderon Family in Surigao. 

</doc>
<doc id="36635640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635640" title="Kingston House estate, London">
Kingston House estate, London

The Kingston House estate is an area of the City of Westminster, between Prince's Gate and Ennismore Street. It includes many privately owned houses around Ennismore Gardens, and the 1930s Kingston House flats, which are on the site of the original Kingston House. It is in the local government ward of Knightsbridge and Belgravia.
Kingston House.
Kingston House was a Palladian mansion, built in the mid-eighteenth century for Elizabeth Chudleigh, Duchess of Kingston.
On her death in 1788, the property passed to the Duke’s nephew Charles Pierrepont, 1st Earl Manvers, and had a series of tenants, including Sir George Warren, the 6th Earl of Stair and Edward Loveden of Buscot Park.
In 1813, the estate was sold to William Hare, Baron Ennismore, later 1st Earl of Listowel. He died at Kingston House in 1837 and was succeeded by his grandson. The 2nd Lord Listowel was not regularly in residence, and agreed to sell parts of the estate for redevelopment. The house was again let out to tenants including Richard Wellesley, 1st Marquess Wellesley, who died there in 1842, and Baron Lionel de Rothschild.
Kingston House itself stayed in the family until the death of the 4th Earl in 1931, when the estate passed to his younger son, Viscount Blakenham. In 1935 the house was sold for redevelopment. Following the 1936 death of the Dowager Countess of Listowel, the house was demolished in 1937 and replaced by two large blocks of private apartments, Kingston House North and Kingston House South.
Development of the estate.
In the 1840s, development began with the construction of houses on Princes Gate and the east side of Ennismore Gardens, as well as a public house, the Ennismore Arms. The pub was the first building to be constructed on the new Kingston House estate, and was built in 1845-7. It stood at the southern end of Ennismore Mews, which ran behind the houses on the eastern side of Princes Terrace. It suffered bomb damage during World War II and was rebuilt by Watney’s in the 1950s. It was closed in 2002 and subsequently demolished.
All Saints' Church in Ennismore Mews was built in 1848–9 in Italianate style: William Ralph Inge was vicar there 1904-1907. The church closed in 1955, and is now the Russian Orthodox Patriarchial Church of The Assumption of All Saints, part of the Russian Orthodox Diocese of Sourozh. The organ from All Saints was reinstalled at the Church of St John-at-Hackney.
In the 1860s the 3rd Earl released more land; the rest of Ennismore Gardens, including the private garden square at its centre, was laid out in the 1870s. The five-storey houses have porticos with Corinthian columns, and a continuous railing creating a first floor balcony.
Moncorvo House was completed in 1880 for Albert George Sandeman (future Governor of the Bank of England) and named in honour of his father-in-law, Portugal’s ambassador in London, the Visconde Da Torre de Moncorvo. In 1883, Bolney House was built for Alfred Huth, son of Henry Huth.
20th Century developments.
From the 1930s onwards, many of the original buildings, including Kingston House itself, were replaced by apartment blocks and modern townhouses. The Second World War brought further changes in use of the pre-war mansions. Moncorvo House became the post-war London HQ of the Canadian Joint Staff Establishment and the Embassy of Morocco before being demolished in 1964 and replaced with Moncorvo Close. Bolney House was also demolished in the 1960s and replaced with Bolney Gate.
In World War II, the Norwegian government-in-exile was based in Kingston House North.
After World War II, the redevelopment of the original Kingston House site was completed with the building of Kingston House East and Kingston House South.
The independent Hampshire School was based at 63 Ennismore Gardens from 1933-2008, when it moved to the former Chelsea Library.
Ava Gardner lived at 34 Ennismore Gardens and is commemorated by an ornamental urn in the square.
The Libyan consulate and visa office is at 61-62 Ennismore Gardens; the main embassy is at 15 Knightsbridge.
Ennismore Garden Mews is a popular filming location. Alfred Hitchcock used No 31 as the home of Barbara Leigh-Hunt's character, 'Brenda Blaney', in the 1972 film Frenzy. The 1987 VW Golf TV advert directed by David Bailey featured Paula Hamilton leaving No 23 Ennismore Garden Mews.
In 2011, the average house price in Ennismore Gardens was £3,345,000.
Notable past residents.
Ennismore Gardens.
The first residents were aristocrats and statesmen; in the 20th century they were joined by artists and actors.

</doc>
<doc id="36635649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635649" title="Melzo railway station">
Melzo railway station

Melzo is a railway station in Italy. Located on the Milan–Venice railway, it serves the town of Melzo.
Services.
Melzo is served by the lines S5 and S6 of the Milan suburban railway network, operated by the lombard railway company Trenord.

</doc>
<doc id="36635680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635680" title="Pozzuolo Martesana railway station">
Pozzuolo Martesana railway station

Pozzuolo Martesana is a railway station in Italy. Located on the Milan–Venice railway, it serves the municipality of Pozzuolo Martesana.
Services.
Pozzuolo Martesana is served by the lines S5 and S6 of the Milan suburban railway network, operated by the lombard railway company Trenord.

</doc>
<doc id="36635684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635684" title="Hillsdale Local School District">
Hillsdale Local School District

The Hillsdale Local School District is a public school district in Ashland County, Ohio, United States, based in Jeromesville, Ohio.
Schools.
The Hillsdale Local School District has one elementary school, one middle school, and one high school.

</doc>
<doc id="36635685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635685" title="Thomas Huppert">
Thomas Huppert

Thomas (Tomas or Tom) Huppert (born 1942) is an alpine skier from New Zealand. 
He competed for New Zealand at the 1968 Winter Olympics at Oslo, and came 61st in the Downhill and 75th in the Giant Slalom. He was the flagbearer for New Zealand at the Games ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="36635702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635702" title="Pedro de Valdivia Avenue">
Pedro de Valdivia Avenue

Pedro de Valdivia Avenue is a major north-south avenue on the east side of Santiago, Chile. It is named after Pedro de Valdivia and passes through the districts of Providencia, Ñuñoa and Macul.
Description.
At its north end, it begins immediately south of the Mapocho River. North of the river, the street continues as Pedro de Valdivia Norte until where it meets the San Cristóbal Hill.
The short stretch between Andrés Bello Avenue and Providencia Avenue is one way southbound, while the rest of the avenue is two-way. The section of the avenue that crosses Providencia is mostly paved with cobblestones and is lined with oriental plane trees. 
Just past the intersection with Francisco Bilbao Avenue, Pedro de Valdivia Avenue bisects the square of the same name. Pedro de Valdivia Avenue enters Ñuñoa just south of the median of Diagonal Oriente Street, which continues eastward as Doctor Pedro Lautaro Ferrer Street.
Further south the avenue crosses Irarrázaval Avenue, the main commercial street of the district of Ñuñoa. Continuing southward, the avenue narrows to one lane in each direction shortly after intersecting with Grecia Avenue and forms the eastern boundary of the Estadio Nacional sporting complex. 
South of Rodrigo de Araya Street, which marks the boundary between Ñuñoa and Macul, several light industries flank the sides of Pedro de Valdivia Avenue. The final section of the avenue is dominated by single-family worker homes. It terminates at a half roundabout, close to the San Joaquín Campus of the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile. 
History.
The avenue was created in 1895 to serve as the main spine of an area that was divided into lots for settlement. The area was originally developed as single-family homes for rich people who did want to live in a more rural area. It consisted of mansions surrounded by large gardens. Initially the avenue had a country road character.
1980 marks a milestone year for the northernmost portion of the avenue. The metro extension from Salvador to Escuela Militar and the newly created 11 de Septiembre Avenue were inaugurated in that year, which were built simultaneously. The area begins to have a predominantly commercial character.
Many of Pedro de Valdivia Avenue's original mansions and gardens have been replaced by office or apartment buildings. The few that have been preserved are not used as homes, which include the Palacio Falabella and the Palacio Schacht.

</doc>
<doc id="36635705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635705" title="François Beaucourt">
François Beaucourt

François Beaucourt (1740-1794) was a Canadian painter active mainly in the Province of Quebec (1763–1791).

</doc>
<doc id="36635739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635739" title="Positive Montenegro">
Positive Montenegro

Positive Montenegro ("Pozitivna Crna Gora") is a centre-left political party in Montenegro. The party was founded in May 2012 and is led by the former ecological activist Darko Pajović.
In the parliamentary elections held on 14 October 2012, PCG has become a parliamentary party, wining 8.4% of popular votes, and 7 seats in Parliament. In addition to parliamentary, the local elections were held in Niksic, Kotor, Budva. The elections were achieved significant results, and at the national level of 8.4%. (Budva - 11.8%, Kotor - 8.7%, Niksic - canceled elections)

</doc>
<doc id="36635756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635756" title="2012 Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles season">
2012 Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles season

The 2012 Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles season was the 63rd in the club's history. Coached by Geoff Toovey and co-captained by Jamie Lyon and Jason King, they competed in the National Rugby League's 2012 Telstra Premiership, finishing the regular season 4th (out of 16). Having made their eighth consecutive finals series, the Sea Eagles then came to within one match of the 2012 NRL Grand Final but lost to eventual premiers the Melbourne Storm.
Shortly after their 2011 NRL Grand Final victory, Manly's head coach Des Hasler left for cross-town rivals the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs, leaving his assistant Geoff Toovey to take up the head coach role. The Sea Eagles started their season, and Toovey his coaching career, by travelling to England for the 2012 World Club Challenge.
Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="36635765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635765" title="Prethopalpus attenboroughi">
Prethopalpus attenboroughi

Prethopalpus attenboroughi (or Attenborough's goblin spider) is a tiny arachnid named after Sir David Attenborough, that is found only on Horn Island off northern Queensland in Australia. The millimeter-long spider was described in 2012 by Dr Barbara Baehr of the Queensland Museum and Professor Mark Harvey of the Western Australian Museum.
The male type specimen was collected in 1986; the female is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="36635773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635773" title="Fornes Chapel">
Fornes Chapel

Fornes Chapel () is a chapel in the municipality of Andøy in Nordland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Fornes on the island of Hinnøya. The church is part of the Dverberg parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was built in 1965 to serve the part of Andøy located on Hinnøya island. The church seats about 120 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36635775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635775" title="Dverberg Church">
Dverberg Church

Dverberg Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Andøy in Nordland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Dverberg on the island of Andøya. The church is part of the Dverberg parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
History.
The old church at Dverberg was destroyed by lightning in the winter of 1734. It was probably repaired and was standing there for another hundred years until it was replaced. The new church (the present church building) was built in 1843. It is an octagonal timber church. The church was consecrate on 17 October 1843. It was designed by Christian Heinrich Grosch and it seats about 350 people. In 1930, there was a major restoration. Augustinus Johannessøn Sellevold (1803-1893) who was a member of the Norwegian Parliament from Nordland and Arctic explorer Torstein Raaby were both buried in the church cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="36635776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635776" title="Bjørnskinn Church">
Bjørnskinn Church

Bjørnskinn Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Andøy in Nordland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Bjørnskinn on the island of Andøya. The church is part of the Bjørnskinn parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
History.
The oldest church in Bjørnskinn was located right at the base of the local mountain on the north side of Bjørnskinn. That church was destroyed in an avalanche in the 1700s. It was replaced by a wood church in 1740. That church lasted over 100 years before it needed replacement. After some time and debate about the location of the replacement church, a new church was built in 1885 in the village of Bjørnskinn. The new church was designed by the local architect, Johan Kunig, to seat about 250 people. The new church was consecrated on 29 April 1885 by the Bishop Jacob Sverdrup Smitt. The organ in Bjørnskinn church was built in 1860 and has been at the church since 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="36635777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635777" title="Andenes Church">
Andenes Church

Andenes Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Andøy in Nordland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Andenes on the island of Andøya. The church is part of the Andenes parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1876 and it seats about 400 people.
History.
The first church in Andenes was built in 1734, and that church lasted for almost 150 years. A new church (the present church) was built in 1876 and it was consecrated on 30 June 1876 by the Bishop Waldemar Hvoslef.

</doc>
<doc id="36635784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635784" title="Mexican pink">
Mexican pink

Mexican pink is a purplish pink tone of the color rose, vivid and saturated, similar to the colors called fuchsia or magenta. It has been compared with the color of the bracts of ornamental climbing plant called bougainvillea, that is, Trinity and Santa Rita bougainvillea. Its origin is that this color is used in traditional clothing such as serapes and is used in the craft art and fine art of traditional Mexican culture.
This bright vivid tone of hot pink is widely seen in Mexican culture today, although the dictionary of the Spanish Royal Academy does not register the name as yet. In Mexico it is considered an element of national identity and a symbol of Mexican charisma.
History.
"Mexican pink" became known as such through the efforts of the journalist, painter, cartoonist and designer fashion Ramón Valdiosera. In the mid-1940s, Valdiosera made a long research trip to Mexico where he made contact with different ethnic groups and collected suits and dresses typical of different regions. Interested in traditional Mexican clothing adapt to contemporary fashion, on his return to Mexico City set up a sewing workshop and there devoted himself to move the fabrics, colors and traditional styles to sophisticated forms of fashion at that time.
Another name for this color in English is "Mexican rose." (Its name in Spanish is "Rosa Mexicano".)

</doc>
<doc id="36635793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635793" title="SPS Cantabria (A15)">
SPS Cantabria (A15)

SPS "Cantabria" (A15) is a replenishment oiler operated by the Spanish Navy. Acquired to provide logistical support for the Spanish fleet, "Cantabria" was commissined in 2010. "Cantabria" is the second-largest naval ship currently operated by the Spanish, behind the LHD "Juan Carlos 1".
Design and construction.
"Cantabria" is a replenishment oiler, referred to in Spanish as a "Buque de Aprovisionamiento en Combate" ("BAC"; Supply Ship in Combat). She was acquired to provide logistical support to the Spanish Navy during day-to-day operations, expeditionary forces or strategic projection deployments, and for humanitarian and disaster relief operations. The vessel has a displacement of 19,500 tons, is in length, has a beam of , and a draught of . Propulsion is provided by two diesel engines, supplying 10,890 kW to a single propeller shaft, which is fitted with a controllable-pitch propeller. "Cantabria" has a maximum sustained speed of , and a range of . The ship's complement is 122.
The ship's capacity includes 8,920 cubic metres of ship fuel, 1,585 cubic metres of JP-5 jet fuel, 215 cubic metres of fresh water, 280 tons of ammunition, and 470 tons of general cargo. The fuel storage areas are double-hulled. "Cantabria" can replenish three ships simultaneously; one on each side, plus a third vis a stern refuelling station. She can carry three Agusta-Bell AB.212, two Sikorsky SH-3 Sea King, or two NHIndustries NH90 helicopters to perform vertical replenishment. 
"Cantabria" was laid down in the dry dock of shipyard of Puerto Real, Cadiz, on 18 July 2007; the first ship to be built there in 30 years. The ship was launched by floating on 21 July 2008, and was sponsored by Aurora Diaz Abella, the wife of Miguel Ángel Revilla, the President of the Autonomous Community of Cantabria. The ship underwent sea trials in the Bay of Cadiz from October to December 2009. She was commissioned into the Spanish Navy on 29 September 2010. The original budget was €213m but the final cost was €238m.
The design has been evaluated by foreign buyers. Canada approached Navantia to provide a design for the Joint Support Ship Project based on "Cantabria", but Navantia's proposal was not successful. The Norwegian Navy has also expressed interest, but has made no formal moves.
Operational history.
Between 2 and 5 July 2012, "Cantabria" participated alongside the frigates "Álvaro de Bazán", "Almirante Juan de Borbón", and "Méndez Núñez", the submarine "Galerna", and AV-8Bs of the 9th naval air squadron during exercise MAR-22 on the Atlantic coast of Galicia.
On 3 July 2012, the Australian and Spanish governments signed an agreement to deploy "Cantabria" in support of the Royal Australian Navy during 2013. The ship operated in Australian waters from February to November 2013, was used to provide replenishment support to the Australians while the oiler underwent maintenance. While in Australian waters, "Cantabria" performed 63 replenishments, including 10,500 cubic metres of fuel, was involved in the first vertical replenishment of an "Anzac"-class frigate by an MRH-90 helicopter, and participated in the International Fleet Review 2013. The deployment also allowed over 300 Australian personnel to train on systems similar to those in the Spanish-designed "Hobart"- and "Canberra"-class ships being acquired, and allowed the Royal Australian Navy to evaluate the design as a possible replacement for its replenishment vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="36635809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635809" title="Cernusco-Merate railway station">
Cernusco-Merate railway station

Cernusco-Merate railway station is a railway station in Italy. Located on the Lecco–Milan railway, it serves the towns of Cernusco Lombardone and Merate.
Services.
Cernusco-Merate is served by the line S8 of the Milan suburban railway service, operated by the Lombard railway company Trenord.

</doc>
<doc id="36635810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635810" title="General population">
General population

General population has different meanings depending upon the context:

</doc>
<doc id="36635813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635813" title="Brädi">
Brädi

Kari Olavi "Kapa" Härkönen better known by his stage name Brädi (born 9 April 1979) is a Finnish hip hop artist. Brädi (pronounced "Braddy") has sung in Finnish language and in English (the latter mostly under the name Brad Spitt), in bands and solo.
Career.
He started his musical career under the name A'damite in 2001. He eventually joined the Finnish hip hop band 5th Element and had three albums with the band.Brädi
He was also part of a hip hop trio Herrasmiesliiga with Cheek and TS. He also opened many times for Cheek gigs as "tuplaamassa" (double mass) shows. He also collaborated with Cheek in the music videos "Huligaani", "Raplaulajan vapaapäivä", "Täältä sinne", "Liekeissä", "Jos mä oisin sä", "Viihdyttäjä" and "Maanteiden kingi".
Furthermore, he has also appeared in recordings by Näkökulma, Maajoukkue, A04 and MGI.
Brädi's first solo studio album was "Repullinen hiittiä" released in May 2010. The album was produced by MGI. He also issued a mixtape "Repullinen remixejä" in 2012. He is preparing a new album after signing with Rähinä Records in 2012. His single "Lämpöö" featuring Redrama reached the Top 10 in Finland.
Personal life.
Brädi started as a sportsman playing basketball and is an announcer for the Finnish Namika Lahti basketball club's home games.
Discography.
Albums.
(with Cheek and TS) 

</doc>
<doc id="36635816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635816" title="Malton Minor Hockey Association">
Malton Minor Hockey Association

The youth of Malton, Ontario, as in every other hamlet, town or city in Canada, needed the benefits of organized sports. In winter, the sport was hockey. The village elders recognized this and founded the Malton Minor Hockey Association (MMHA) in 1949. The first Executive of the MMHA were: Alex McPherson, Ron McNeil, Jack Weech and Don Williams. 
The Malton Association joined the Toronto Township Hockey League in 1949. The Toronto Township Hockey League became the Mississauga Hockey League in 1968. 
From 1949 to 1968, MMHA teams had to go to Dixie Arena, Port Credit and Huron Park to Play their games. In the mid-60’s practice was held at Nobleton Arena. 
In 1966, the Malton Memorial Recreation Association Incorporated (MMRAI) was formed to build Malton its own arena. On Saturday October 19, 1968 Malton Arena was officially opened by Chic Murray.
Greg Anaka (Order of Canada) was the President of the MMRAI. F. O'Donnell was 1st VP, J. Brankley was 2nd VP, George Drennen was Treasurer and Al Vickress was Secretary.
Directors were: 
Frank McKechnie, D. McPhail, L. Faubert, J. Nind, A. McPherson, Roy Adkins, J.P. Gould, A. Wedgewood, W. E. Harris, M. Bardsley, B. Lavery, J. Terrion, M. Peeling, Tom Brassard, D.J. McGowan, A. Sherwin, G. Belanger, V. Drew, F. Giguere, J. McNab, J. Holley, R.Birchard, S. Flaourt, D. Mantle, W. Newbound, W. Campbell, H. Knell, W. Peeling, L. Van Bilson, J. Farrall, D. Lewis, C. Peterson, H. Duncan, C. Grainger, W.J. McCarron, T. Rich, R.R. Russell, K.G. Savery, N.F. Timmons, M. Watkins, J. Watson and T. Williams.
Malton Arena continues to operate today, albeit is run by the City of Mississauga Parks and Recreation Department. 
Alex McPherson was President of the MMHA from 1966 to 1973.
The president for Malton’s final year of operations was Ivan Elliot. Ivan and his wife Leona were responsible for spearheading the actions that resulted in the birth of the Credit Valley Wolves. 
The following MMHA Coaches and Executive have been inducted into the Mississauga Hockey League (MHL) Hall of Fame:
The MMHA ceased to exist at the end of the 2004-2005 season. The Malton Ice Bears morphed into the Credit Valley Wolves in 2005. Credit Valley Wolves website.

</doc>
<doc id="36635817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635817" title="Aram Nalbandyan">
Aram Nalbandyan

Aram Bagrati (Bagratovich) Nalbandyan (January 1, 1908 – January 24, 1987) was a Soviet Armenian physicist, prominent in the field of physical chemistry, founder of the Institute of Chemical Physics in Yerevan, Armenia, academician-secretary of the Chemical Department of the Armenian Academy of Sciences (AS). A. B. Nalbandyan is the author of more than 400 scientific articles and five monographs.
Biography.
Aram Nalbandyan
was born in 1908 in Karaklise (Kirovakan, now Vanadzor). He lost his father at an early age and his grandfather, who was a farrier, was the one who raised him implanting the love for work and appreciation for nature. Aram N. received his general education at the local school.
After school in Karaklise, Aram started his education in the Department of Physics and Mathematics of Pedagogical Faculty of the Yerevan State University.
Many highly educated Armenians – graduates from the universities of Moscow, Petersburg and also from the European universities were teaching there at that time. Among them were professors of physics H. Navakatikyan and H. Anjour, prof. of mathematics B. Bagaturyan, prof. of physical chemistry L. Rotinyan
academician A. Hakopyan. They all contributed greatly to the development of young Aram Nalbandyan. As a student, Aram worked at the laboratory and participated in the scientific club led by H. Navakatikyan. After graduating from the University in 1930, he worked at the department as an assistant and also delivered lectures on molecular physics.
In 1931 a new Institute of Chemical Physics(ICP) was created in Leningrad (S.Petersburg). The position of the chief of Institute was assigned to
N.N. Semenov,the disciple of the academician A. F. Ioffe. N. N. Semenov, the future Nobel prize winner, had big plans for developing science at his Institute. To carry out these plans he decided to involve young talented graduates from other cities of the USSR. From the Yerevan State University Aram Nalbandyan was chosen to go to Leningrad where he joined the group of highly motivated young scientists.
Nalbandyan’s research was dedicated to the studies of the kinetics and mechanism of branched chain reactions.
In the period between 1931 and 1950 he investigated in detail the mechanism of oxidation of hydrogen as an example of a branched chain reaction. The collected experimental data and its careful theoretical processing became a brilliant prove of the main principles of the theory of the branched chain reactions that were formulated by N.N. Semenov.
On basis of his experimental and theoretical research A.B. Nalbandyan obtained his Candidate (1935) and Doctoral (1943) degrees.
During the years of World War II, Institute of Chemical Physics was relocated from Leningrad to the city of Kazan. There, while his wife Bella L. Nalbandyan(Sinaeva) worked as a Medical Chief of the Army Hospital, Nalbandyan studied methods of production of explosives and their characteristics. For his achievements he was awarded with medal for Heroic Labor During The Great Patriotic War (1946).
In 1949 jointly with V.V. Voyevodsky he published the monograph "Mechanism of Hydrogen Oxidation and Combustion"
. This monograph was honored with D.I. Mendeleev's Prize in 1952.
From 1957 to 1966 A.Nalbandyan headed the Laboratory of Hydrocarbon Oxidation at Institute of Chemical Physics, AS USSR (Moscow) and from 1951 to 1959 was the Chair of the Department of Physics at the Moscow Electrotechnical Institute of Communications.
Research on degenerated branching in oxidation of organic compounds done by Nalbandyan and his colleagues was an important contribution to the theory of chain reactions.
A series of researches on the mechanism of methane oxidation resulted in a proposal for the industrial production of formaldehyde by direct methane oxidation. In 1962 the authors of this work, headed by Nalbandyan, were awarded a Big Gold Medal of the Exhibition of Economic Achievements of the USSR. In 1959 Nalbandyan published a popular scientific book entitled "Formaldehyde - a Material for Plastics" written jointly with N.S. Enikolopyan
While living in Moscow, A.Nalbandyan was always in close contact with the Armenian scientific community. He always headed the researches of the post-graduate students, trainees and graduates of Yerevan higher schools.
In 1959, at the suggestion of the Presidium of the Armenian AS, Nalbandyan founded the Laboratory of Chemical Physics - a new scientific center in Yerevan. In 1960 he was elected a Corresponding member, and in 1963 a full member of the Armenian AS.
In 1967 Nalbandyan with his wife Bella L. moved from Moscow to Yerevan, where he was appointed Director of the Laboratory of Chemical Physics. He was also elected academician-secretary of the Department of Chemistry of the Armenian AS.In 1975 the Laboratory was reorganized as the Yerevan Institute of Chemical Physics. Until the very end of his life (January 24, 1987) Nalbandyan was the Director and scientific leader of the Institute which now bears his name.
Scientists of the Institute used the kinetic method, developed by A.Nalbandyan and his colleagues, of radical freezing in combination with ESR-spectrometer for detecting polyatomic radicals in gas phase reactions. They were the first to obtain direct experimental data about free radicals in complex, degenerated branched chain reactions which allowed to investigate chemical reactions at a new, higher level and to approach the ways of controlling them for practical purposes.
A.Nalbandyan in his last years paid enormous attention to the processes taking place on the surface of the chemical reactor. Based on the results of studies in this field he concluded that depending on the process conditions, the chain branching could occur on the walls of the reactor as a result of decomposition of unstable intermediate compounds, such as peroxides, with the ejection of radicals into the reactor volume where they will continue the chain propagation in the gas phase.
The results of investigations on the kinetics and mechanism of complex reactions were summarized in Nalbandyan's three monographs written jointly with his disciples: A.A.Mantashyan, I.A.Vardanyan, Y.M.Gershenson.
Contributions were made to the development of new scientific areas: the reactions of free radicals in liquid phase, chemical catalysis, solid phase combustion, etc. In the early seventies Nalbandyan took the initiative to start research on Self-Propagating High Temperature Synthesis of valuable inorganic materials at the Institute.
These studies were headed by A.G.Merzhanov, the founder of this scientific direction at the ICP of AS USSR. They are successfully continuing these days.
Nalbandyan was actively involved in scientific and social activities: Chief Editor of the "Armenian Chemical Journal", member of Editorial Board of the journal "Khimicheskaya Fizika", member of Editorial Committee of Armenian Encyclopedia, member of the Terminology Committee under the Council of Ministers of Armenian SSR. He also paid attention to establishing and developing international relationships - participated in many international conferences and symposiums, often gave lectures outside of the USSR (a course of lectures in Canada, lectures in the Goettingen University (1973) as a Gauss-Professor, lectures in the Catholic University of Leuven, Belgium). In 1979 he joined the New York Academy of Sciences.
A.B. Nalbandyan died on January 24, 1987 in Yerevan.

</doc>
<doc id="36635832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635832" title="Kissya Cataldo">
Kissya Cataldo

Kissya Cataldo da Costa is a Brazilian rower. In 2012 she tested positive for the drug EPO and was thrown out of the 2012 Olympic Games in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36635881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635881" title="Positive Reaction">
Positive Reaction

Positive Reaction may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36635891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635891" title="Barrallier Books">
Barrallier Books

Barrallier Books Pty Ltd (ABN 90 007 253 250) is a small Australian publishing business. It was started by Ian Gordon in 1999 and the first success was a deluxe book of original sonnets and reflective essays, Sonnets to a Promiscuous Beauty, published in 2005 and written by Melbourne based author and academic Dr. Paul Monk. That was followed in 2006 by Hills of the West Wind by Tasmanian author Chris Binks and then The West in a Nutshell, again by Dr Paul Monk, published in 2009.
When Ian Gordon retired from the Australian Army in 2009, the focus on deluxe productions and the evocative book designs by Peter Gamble sharpened and in 2010 Barrallier Books published "Vietnam on Canvas", a biography of Australia's official Vietnam War artist, Ken McFadyen, by Melbourne based author and artist Sandra Finger Lee. In 2011 Barrallier Books released Guitar, the Australian Journey by Canberra based journalist and musician Chris Johnson.
Barrallier Books has an Imprint, Echo Books, which publishes eBooks for Australian and New Zealand authors.

</doc>
<doc id="36635904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635904" title="Pharmacy Council of Pakistan">
Pharmacy Council of Pakistan

Pharmacy Council of Pakistan (abbreviated as PCP) is a professional body responsible for the registration of pharmacists and promotion of pharmacyeducation in the country.The PharmacyCouncil Pakistan (PCP) is the regulator established in terms of thePharmacy Act, 1967 to regulate pharmacists, pharmacy support personnel andpharmacy premises in Pakistan.Our mandate is to protect, promote and maintainthe health, safety and well being of patients and the public who usepharmaceutical services in Pakistan.
Objectives.
The objectives of the PCP are to regulate the pharmacy education in the Country for the purpose of registration as a pharmacist under the Pharmacy Act 1967.The pharmacy education objectives regarding the curriculum of Doctor of Pharmacy Course shall be to prepare a health caring and community oriented pharmacist who is competent to deal with the common health and pharmaceutical problems of the people in a scientifically sound and cost-effective manner using appropriate technology and holistic approach They also  regulate the Profession and Practice of Pharmacy.The Pharmacy Council of Pakistan (PCP) in its meeting held on 1.10.2010 has approved the Prefix word, Dr, for the Pharmacists holding Pharm D degree.
Pakistan Pharmacy Act 1967.
This act is establish in 8 February 1973 to regulate the practice of pharmacy.Within a period of one year from the commencement of this Act; The Central Government shall, by notification in the official Gazette, establish a Central Pharmacy Council to be known by the name of the Pharmacy Council of Pakistan; and Each provincial Government shall in like manner, establish a provincial Pharmacy Council to be known by the name of the province concerned.Each of the Pharmacy Councils established under sub section (1) shall be a body corporate having perpetual succession and common seal, with power, among others, to acquire, hold and dispose off property, and shall by its name sue and be sued.
The funds of the Central Council shall consist of such moneys as maybe placed at its disposal by the Central Government where as The funds of a Provincial Council shall consist of the fees received by it under this Act and of such moneys as may be placed at its disposal by the Provincial Government.
Recognition status of Pharmacy institutions.
List of Pharmacy institutions whose facilities for teaching PHARMACY courses are recognized by the Pharmacy Council of Pakistan according to Pharmacy Act 1967 for the purpose of Registration as Pharmacists in Registers A and B, is being published for the information and guidance of the public in general and students in particular.
Pakistan Pharmacists Association.
Pakistan Pharmacists Association (PPA) is the national organization of pharmacists and student pharmacists, committed to providing leadership for the pharmacists. PPS has a mission to promote and expand the profession of pharmacy and the role of pharmacists in Pakistan. PPS is dedicated to improve public health and patient care by enhancing professional development of the pharmacists and the Pakistan pharmacy council.PPS’s website is an online source of drug information, news about the world of pharmacists and an opportunity for pharmacists to link up, share ideas and develop communities of interest.
Objectives of Pakistan Pharmacists Association.
To promote pharmacy as an essential component of the healthcare team and to serve as primary catalyst for this change.To contribute to continuing education programmes for pharmacists already engaged in practice to improve the medication use and health outcomes of patients.To promote high standards of professional conduct amongst pharmacists in order to improve medication use.To provide leadership in the identification, development and implementation of health policies of concern to pharmacy.To hold seminars, symposia, exhibitions and conferences in order to foster national and international collaborations.To liaise with health professional organizations and others in order to achieve aforementioned objectives.To increase the quality of pharmacists education.
Punjab Pharmacy Council.
Punjab Pharmacy Council is a statutory regulatory body of Punjab Province, established under Drugs Act 1967. It is responsible for issuing Licenses to Pharmacists of Punjab Province in Category-A and for conducting the exams for Category-B, education of Pharmacy Technicians and their documentation regarding supervising the medical stores for pharmacies etc. It is affiliated with the Pharmacy Council Pakistan. The Pharmacy Council Pakistan is the council that handles all the issues related to Pharmacy Education in Pakistan. The approval to Pharmacy Schools / Colleges / Institutes for award of Pharm.D is accredited by the Pharmacy Council of Pakistan. The Pharmaceutical Manufacturing is licensed and monitored by the Federal Government, DRAP (Drug Regulatory Authority of Pakistan), affiliated with the MoNRS (Ministry of National Regulation and Services), Government of Pakistan.
Committees.
The council may constitute committees as it deems fit to advice & assist the Council.  
The Council constitutes following Committees  
To deal with syllabus, publication and education/training programs.  
To deal with legal matters.  
To deal with budget and financial matters as well as service of the employees.  
To deal with examination related issues.
Doctor of Pharmacy (Pharm.D).
In Pakistan, the Pharm.D. (Doctor of Pharmacy) degree is a graduate-level professional doctorate degree.In I.R Pakistan, a total of 21 universities are registered with Pharmacy Council of Pakistan for imparting Pharmacy courses. In 2004 Higher Education Commission of Pakistan and the Pharmacy Council of Pakistan revised the syllabus and changed the 4-year B.Pharmacy Program to 5-year Pharm.D. program. All 21 universities have started the 5-year Pharm.D Program.In 2011 the Pharmacy Council of Pakistan approved the awarding of a Doctor of Pharmacy degree, a five-year programme at the Department of Pharmacy, University of Peshawar. A Pharmacist holding a Doctor of Pharmacy (Pharm.D) qualification can use the prefix Dr. before their name.
Bachelor of Pharmacy.
Pharm.D is the only Basic Pharmacy Degree (5 years program) awarded by universities in Pakistan now. The program has to be approved by Pharmacy Council of Pakistan. Most universities in Pakistan have approved Pharm.D programs. Others are not accredited yet and need to overcome deficiencies before being approved by pharmacy council Pakistan B.Pharmacy degree holders, who are Registered as Pharmacists with the Pharmacy Council of Punjab, Sindh, Balochistan or Khyber-Paktunkwa, can study at any one of the Universities approved by the Pharmacy Council of Pakistan for a one year evening and/or weekend course leading to (post-B.Pharmacy) Doctor of Pharmacy which has been approved by the Pharmacy Council of Pakistan.
Admission to Pharmacy Institutions.
The optimum number of annual admissions of students in the First Professional in a pharmacy institution shall not be more than one hundred (including the reserved seats) in each session subject to the capacity of lecture rooms and the facilities in laboratories and libraries. However, the number of sessions will not be more than one in one academic year.
The following shall be the minimum academic qualifications for admission of a candidate to the First Professional of Doctor of Pharmacy Degree Course.
PRIORITY 1.
The candidate should have passed the Intermediate Science(F.Sc) Examination (Medical Group), or an equivalent examination from a Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education in Pakistan;or the candidate should have passed an examination of a foreign institution or examining body, which is equivalent to the Intermediate (F. Sc) Examination (Medical Group) of a Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education in Pakistan.Equivalence to be determined by Inter Board Committee of Chairmen (IBCC).
PRIORITY 2.
The candidate should have passed a higher examination of a Pakistani university with Biological Sciences provided that he has passed the Intermediate (F. Sc.) Examination (Pre-Medical Group) from a Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education in Pakistan. The admissions granted on this qualification will not exceed 10% of the total seats.
Admission of students to pharmacy institutions including that to reserved seats shall be strictly on merit in accordance with regulation 8.A candidate seeking admission to a pharmacy institution should possess adequate mental and physical health.Pharmacy institutions may allocate seats for children of the registered pharmacists provided that such seats shall not exceed five per cent of the total annual admissions of students in the First Professional.Pharmacy institutions shall allocate not more than two per cent of the total annual admissions of students in the First Professional for nominees of the proprietors, partners and directors of pharmaceutical industry as specified in the Companies Ordinance, 1984 (XLVII of 1984).
General principles regarding curriculum and teaching.
The following general principles shall be observed while formulating curriculum and teaching Doctor of Pharmacy (Pharm.D) program.
(a) The institutions will follow the curriculum approved and notified by the Pharmacy Council of Pakistan.
(b) Lectures shall not be overloaded with unnecessary and irrelevant details;
(c) more emphasis shall be given to tutorials, seminars, workshops, practical work and clinical training especially in the Fourth and final Professional;
(d) training of students shall be in small groups;
(e) clinical pharmacy and hospital pharmacy training shall be conducted preferably in teaching/DHQ hospitals;
(f) clinical pharmacy and hospital pharmacy training shall be conducted preferably in teaching/DHQ hospitals;
(g) appropriate arrangements should be made for retail and community pharmacy training.
(h) the academic session shall not be less than nine months in one academic year or two semesters in one academic year;
(i) teachers must set personal example so as to inculcate qualities of character and attitudes expected of a good pharmacist, as laid down inregulation 6;
Syllabi and Subject Objectives Of Pharm.D.
Basic Subjects.
Islamic Studies and Pakistan Studies,Anatomy,Physiology,Pathology,Mathematics,Bio-statistics,Computer.
Pharmaceutical Subjects.
General Pharmaceutics,Pharmaceutical Preparations,Pharmaceutical dispensing, practice and pharmacy,Community Pharmacy,Hospital Pharmacy,Clinical Pharmacy,Bio pharmaceutics and Pharmacokinetics,Industrial Pharmacy,Pharmaceutical quality management,Marketing and Management,Forensic Pharmacy,Pharmaceutical Technology,Pharmaceutical Microbiology.
Pharmaceutical Chemistry Subjects.
Biochemistry,Organic Chemistry,Pharmaceutical Instrumentation,Medicinal Chemistry.
Guidelines regarding syllabus and subject objectives for Pharmacognosy.
The study of Pharmacognosy is to give knowledge about crude drugs, evaluation and use etc.Different methods used for extraction and purification of crude drugs from different plant and animal source. The study shall include medicinal plants of Pakistan, heir habitat,collection and biological source of the drug. Allergens and allergenic preparations, enzymes,plant growth hormones as well as pesticides and poisonous plants with special reference to Pakistan shall be included. Separation and isolation of plant constituents by special techniques like chromatography, ion exchange, electrophoresis and high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) shall be introduced. Detailed study of carbohydrates and related products, alkaloids, volatile oils, fixed oils, tannins, glycosides, etc., shall be included. The students should know the Unani system of medicine, phyto-pharmacology and Traditional Medicine and Alternative System of Medicine.
Guidelines regarding syllabus and subject objectives for Pharmacology.
The teaching of Pharmacology shall be aimed at different aspects of drugs and pharmaceuticals used in different diseases. The therapeutic/pharmacological groups of drugs will be taught according to the classification of World Health Organization. The students should know the relationship between drug concentration and biological response, drug action overtime, factors affecting absorption, distribution, binding, metabolism and elimination of chemicals, structure activity relationship, biological changes that result from repeated drug use, tolerance, addiction and adverse effects. Process of drug interaction with cellular macromolecules to alter physiological function and site of action including knowledge about proper selection of drugs has also to be covered.
Examinations.
Evaluation shall be an essential part of the education process. There should be regular internal evaluations. Students should be evaluated in all the three cognitive, psychomotor and affective domains as specified in Chapter II. All pharmacy institutions should uniformly apply the principles of internal evaluations.
The courses of study for Doctor of Pharmacy Course shall be split into the Five Professional Years. First Professional, Second Professional, Third Professional, Fourth Professional and Final Professional, each of which shall be of one year duration.

</doc>
<doc id="36635924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635924" title="Pierre Strauch">
Pierre Strauch

Pierre Strauch is a French cellist, composer and conductor born in 1958. Strauch studied cello with Jean Deplace. Strauch won fourth prize at the Rostropovitch Cello Competition ("La Rochelle") in 1977.
In 1978 Strauch joined (and remains a member of) the Ensemble Intercontemporain, a French chamber orchestra of 31 soloists founded in 1976 by Pierre Boulez.
In 1994, Strauch, along with composers Diogenes Rivas and Antonio Pileggi, founded the Festival Atempo in Caracas, Venezuela. The festival includes concerts of contemporary music, classical music, jazz and folk-music.
Strauch participates actively in educational programs conducted by the Ensemble Intercontemporain and also teaches at the Academy of Lucerne. Strauch taught sporadically at Paris conservatories.
Strauch is a strong proponent of contemporary music, playing about 80% contemporary music and 20% "classical" music.
Strauch has performed, premiered and recorded many 20th century works by composers such as Iannis Xenakis, Luciano Berio, Bernd Alois Zimmermann and Olivier Messiaen. Strauch gave the Parisian premiere of Time and Motion Study II by Brian Ferneyhough and Ritorno degli Snovidenia by Luciano Berio. 
Strauch has composed works for the cello, other solo instruments and chamber ensembles. His works include: "la Folie de Jocelin", "Preludio imaginario", "Faute d’un royaume" for solo violin and seven instruments, "Deux Portraits" for five violas, "Trois Odes Funèbres" for five instruments, and "Quatre miniatures" for cello and piano. He has also composed works for voice: "Impromptu acrostiche" for mezzo and three instruments, and l"a Beauté (Excès)" for three female voices and eight instruments. The Ensemble Intercontemporain commissioned a work for fifteen instruments, "La Escalera del dragón (In memoriam Julio Cortázar)", which was premiered in 2004. Strauch says his compositional language is inspired by extra-musical elements such as drawings and literature.
Strauch says performers should not seek to "understand" a piece of music. Rather, music should be seen as a vector of meaning, evoking reactions in the listener.
Strauch's activities as a conductor are sporadic, usually entailing a few projects per year.

</doc>
<doc id="36635932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635932" title="Nuribotoke">
Nuribotoke

The is an animated corpse with darkened skin and dangling eyeballs in Japanese mythology. They are portrayed as similar in appearance to the Buddha but with largely bloated stomachs and occasionally having a catfish's tail. They are believed to have revived due to poor care of the household shrine. However due to interpretations that they possess a tail, it may be that the corpse is controlled by another being or be a yōkai in disguise. It will act like a messenger of the Buddha but give out false prophecies to fool worshipers. It is also believed to dance often, more so during the demons' night parade (Hyakki Yakō).

</doc>
<doc id="36635937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635937" title="Rifle Gap Dam">
Rifle Gap Dam

Rifle Gap Dam (National ID # CO01692) is a dam in Garfield County, Colorado, about five and a half miles north of Rifle.
The earthen dam was constructed between 1964 and 1967 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, with a height of 157 feet and 1450 feet long at its crest. It impounds East Rifle Creek and West Rifle Creek about 400 feet upstream from their previous point of confluence. The dam was built for irrigation water storage, is owned by the Bureau, and is operated by the local Silt Water Conservancy District. 
The reservoir it creates, Rifle Gap Reservoir, has a water surface of 359 acres and a maximum capacity of 12,168 acre-feet. Recreation includes scuba diving in its clear water, fishing (for rainbow and German brown trout, walleye, perch, and smallmouth and largemouth bass, etc.), wildlife watching, boating, year-round camping, and hiking. The area also hosts Rifle Gap State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="36635938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635938" title="Capture of Daugavgrīva">
Capture of Daugavgrīva

The Capture of Daugavgriva by Swedish forces in July of 1608 occurred during the Polish–Swedish War (1600–1611).
Daugavgrīva (Polish: "Dynemund", Swedish: "Dünamünde") was the first objective of the Swedish forces during the campaign of 1608, due to its location near Riga (of which it is a suburb today), and the fact that it could be used to block that city from the sea. When the Swedes, numbering 8000 troops and led by Joachim Frederick von Mansfeld, approached the fortress at Daugavgrīva, the Polish commander of the 130 strong garrison (with 40 cannons), Franciszek Białłozor, lacking in supplies and little hope of relief, decided to surrender. Swedes captured Daugavgriva on 5 August 1608.
The Poles would not be able to recapture the fortress until more than a year later at the Battle of Daugavgriva (1609).

</doc>
<doc id="36635943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635943" title="Vimuttimagga">
Vimuttimagga

__NOTOC__
The Vimuttimagga ("Path of Freedom") is a Buddhist practice manual, traditionally attributed to the Arahant Upatissa (c. 1st or 2nd century). It was translated into Chinese in the sixth century as the "Jietuo dao lun" 解脫道論 by Sanghapala. The original text (Possibly Pali or Buddhist Hybrid Sanskrit) is no longer extant, but the work has survived in Chinese. The book was probably written in India and then later brought to Sri Lanka. The Vimuttimagga recommends various meditation practices such as Anapanasati, Kasina meditation and Buddhanussati - recollection of the virtues of the Buddha. 
The Vimuttimagga bears a striking similarity to the Visuddhimagga by Buddhagosa, and it is highly probable that it had an influence on Buddhagosa. While the Visuddhimagga is much longer work, both texts only differ on minor points. For example, Upatissa gives four categories of Śīla while Buddhagosa gives five. Upatissa gives four ways of cultivating Anapanasati, while Buddhagosa gives eight. 

</doc>
<doc id="36635956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635956" title="Juan Romero (judoka)">
Juan Romero (judoka)

Juan Romero (born 19 October 1988 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is an Uruguayan judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -90 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36635963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635963" title="Addae Kyenkyehene">
Addae Kyenkyehene

Addae Kyenkyehene is a ghana football Midfielder who played for Ghana in the 1978 African Cup. He also played for Asante Kotoko

</doc>
<doc id="36635970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635970" title="Patricia Taea">
Patricia Taea

Patricia Taea (born May 25, 1993) is a Cook Islander female sprinter who competed in the 100 metres event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She was ranked 14th in the Preliminaries for the women's 100 metres in a time of 12.47 seconds, which is her personal best. She is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="36635972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635972" title="Héctor Campos">
Héctor Campos

Héctor Campos (born 19 December 1988 in General Roca, Argentina) is an Argentine judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -90 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36635973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635973" title="D. S. Lliteras">
D. S. Lliteras

Daniel Serafin Lliteras (born 1949) is an American authorbest known for his spiritual novels.
Early life.
Lliteras was born in the Bronx, New York on July 13, 1949 to Serafin (Frank) and America (Mecca) Lliteras. Originally from Puerto Rico, his father received a bachelor’s degree from Emory University (LaGuardia Aeronautical School) in aircraft design in 1959 and worked as a postal clerk for the U.S. Postal Service until his retirement in 1971. His mother, also from Puerto Rico, received her bachelor’s degree in nursing from the University of Miami in 1965 and worked for the state of Florida until her retirement in 1991 as the Rehabilitation Nurse Supervisor of Dade and Monroe County, Florida Workers' Compensation.
Lliteras attended St. Athanasius in the South Bronx until 1959 at which time his family relocated to Miami, Florida. His interest in the theater was sparked by Robin Werner, a teacher at Riviera Junior High School, who encouraged him to join the cast of the University of Miami Shakespeare Festival, where he served as a member during the summers of 1964 and 1965. He graduated from Southwest Miami High School in 1967. During his teen years, Lliteras worked evenings as an orderly at Baptist Hospital. His extra-curricular activities included wrestling, track, and gymnastics. He was offered a gymnastics scholarship to the U. S. Merchant Marine Academy, but instead enlisted in the U. S. Navy and volunteered for Medical Service Duty (Hospital Corpsman).
Vietnam.
After completing Navy basic training and the U.S. Naval Hospital Corps School in Great Lakes, Illinois, he served aboard the USS Canopus, home-ported in Rota, Spain from February 1968 to June 1968. He attended Field Medical Service School in Camp Lejeune, North Carolina in June and July 1968. In May 1969, he was ordered to the First Marine Division, FMF, Vietnam. Upon arrival in Vietnam in July 1969, he volunteered to join the 1st Reconnaissance Battalion, First Marine Division, where he served as a combat corpsman and diver until July 1970. Mid-way through his tour, he attended diver training in Subic Bay, Philippines. During his tour in Vietnam, Lliteras participated in twenty long-range reconnaissance patrols deep within enemy-held territory. He also participated in eighty combat dives, eighty bridge checks, three river sweeps, five body recoveries, and three weapons recoveries. He was awarded a Bronze Star Medal (with combat “V”).
Education and employment.
After his discharge from the Navy, Lliteras attended Florida State University in Tallahassee, Florida on the GI bill, majoring in theater. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1973. Upon being awarded an assistantship at the School of Theater Publicity Department, he entered the Masters of Fine Arts program at Florida State University School of Theatre. A member of Phi Kappa Phi honor society, he graduated in 1976 with a Masters of Fine Arts in directing. Afterward, he briefly served on the faculty, where he taught courses in Acting, Directing, and Shakespeare Styles.
Theater.
Among his acting credits while at Florida State, Lliteras’s signature achievement was starring in the title role in Lenny Bruce. His directing credits included Small Craft Warnings by Tennessee Williams and Two for the Seesaw by William Gibson. His one-act play Touch won a Christian Theater Artists Guild award and was also produced while at Florida State in 1975. Lliteras also studied mime under Chuck Metcalf, playwrighting under Mark Berman, and directing under Amnon Kabatchnik. Lliteras’s professional credits include directing Steambath at the Reunion Theatre in Houston, Texas in 1973 and Henrik Ibsen’s Rosmersholm for the New York Theatre Ensemble in 1977.
Maritime and firefighting.
In 1979, Lliteras was admitted into the U. S. Merchant Marines' Calhoun MEBA Engineering School in Baltimore, Maryland and subsequently served aboard the SS Edgar M. Queeny. In 1980, he taught at Rutledge College (now University of South Carolina) in Spartanburg, South Carolina, a proprietary business school. In 1981, he earned a commission in the U.S. Navy and became a Deep Sea Diving and Salvage officer. He attended the Naval Diving and Salvage Training Center in Panama City, Florida in September 1981, and later served aboard the USS Preserver, sailing from Little Creek Amphibious Base in Virginia. In 1985, he resigned his commission to become a firefighter for the city of Norfolk, graduating academically at the top of his firefighting class in 1986. He received the Medal of Honor from the Norfolk Fire and Paramedical Services in February, 1998 for exceptional action in the line of duty in the saving of life and retired in 2000 after suffering a heart attack on a fire scene.
Written works.
Lliteras’s Haiku, poetry, and short stories have appeared in many national and international journals and anthologies. His first book publication, "In a Warrior’s Romance" (1991), includes Haiku and photographs reflecting his experiences in Vietnam. A source of its originality stems from it being the first major application of Haiku to the subject of war. His first three novels, collectively known as the "Llewellen Trilogy", trace the spiritual journey of Robert Llewellen, a man who learns how to escape, not from life, but into life. The trilogy includes In the "Heart of Things" (1992), "Into the Ashes" (1993), and "Half Hidden by Twilight" (1994). In his novel "613 West Jefferson" (2001), Lliteras revisited the theme of Vietnam through the character of Richard Santos, a returning veteran who encounters fringe elements of the counter-culture in a north Florida town.
Lliteras is best known for his biblical novels, which include "The Thieves of Golgotha" (1998), "Judas the Gentile" (1999), "Jerusalem’s Rain" (2003), "The Silence of John" (2005), and "The Master of Secrets" (2007). A book about his firefighting experiences, "Flames and Smoke Visible: A Fire Fighter’s Tale", is to be published in 2012.
Personal life.
In 1971, Lliteras married Kathleen Touchstone, a retired educator and author of numerous scholarly works. She dedicated her book, "Then Athena Said: Unilateral Transfers and the Transformation of Objectivist Ethics", to her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="36635992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635992" title="Rohallion">
Rohallion

Rohallion Estate (pronounced roh-HAL-ee-on, Gaelic for "Little Red Hill,") is an estate in Rumson, New Jersey. The estate house was built in 1887 on an original 64-acre lot. The property owner, Edward Dean Adams, was President of the Niagara Falls Power Company and a descendant of U.S. Presidents John Adams and John Quincy Adams and was featured on the cover of Time Magazine on May 27, 1929. He commissioned Stanford White to undertake the design of the house after a castle in Perthshire, Scotland, also named Rohallion, where Edward Adams and his family had resided. 
Built in White's traditional Shingle Style, Adams undertook a substantial remodeling and expansion in the Winter of 1913-14. The building was stuccoed after the remodel. The house was sold to Robert V White, a Rumson Councilman, who remodeled the house in Tudor Revival style in the 1930's. The estate was further subdivided from its original 68 acres to 5 acres today 
The Adam's traveled abroad frequently, and would bring back specimens for Rohallion's expansive gardens.
The carriage house was also designed by Stanford White, and containied a clock tower similar to his firms clock tower in the Newport Casino. The tower contained the Rohallion Chimes, cast for Adams to a scale he designed. The carriage house was badly damaged by fire in 1961, and the remnant are visible today at 8 North Rohallion Drive today.
Pan of Rohallion was a statue commissioned for the house. Designed by Frederick William MacMonnies, a student of Augustus Saint-Gaudens, it became one of his best known works. Many replicas were made and the original is now in the Metropolitan Museum of Art

</doc>
<doc id="36635996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36635996" title="Alexandre Émond">
Alexandre Émond

Alexandre Émond (born 25 May 1984 in Laval, Canada) is a Canadian judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 90 kg event and was eliminated in the first round by Winston Gordon. Émond has enjoyed success at the Pan American Judo Championships winning two gold, one silver and two bronze medals between 2008 and 2012. He also won the bronze medal at the 2011 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36636001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636001" title="Milan Randl">
Milan Randl

Milan Randl (born 24 April 1987 in Bratislava, Slovakia) is a Slovak judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -90 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36636005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636005" title="Ivor Weitzer">
Ivor Weitzer

Ivor Weitzer (born 24 May 1988) is a Croatian football player currently playing for NK Zadar in the Prva HNL.
Born in Rijeka, in his first professional season he had one appearance with Rijeka during the 2006–07 Prva HNL. Since then, he played for Orijent, Pomorac, Široki Brijeg and Istra 1961. He was the top scorer of Pomorac in the 2011–12 Druga HNL. In 2012, he moved back to Rijeka.

</doc>
<doc id="36636013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636013" title="Avtandil Ebralidze">
Avtandil Ebralidze

Avtandil Ebralidze (born 3 October 1991 in Tbilisi) commonly known as Avto, is a Georgian footballer who plays for Gil Vicente F.C. as a winger.
Club career.
Avto began his professional career with fourth division side Esperança de Lagos in 2010 where he remained there one season. Following his spell with the Lagos side, Avto moved to third division side Juventude de Évora. His stay with Juventude de Évora saw him contribute two goals in 27 appearances.
In the summer of 2012, Avto moved to Segunda Liga side Oliveirense. Avto debuted for Oliveirense on 29 July 2012, in a 2012–13 Taça da Liga match against Belenenses where he played 76 minutes. Avto scored his first goal on 16 September 2012, in a 2012–13 Taça de Portugal match against Sintrense which helped his side win the tie 5–1.
On the 2 September 2013, the last day of the Portuguese transfer window, saw Avto move to Primeira Liga side Gil Vicente F.C. on a free transfer. Avto made his Gil Vicente debut on the 14 September, against Porto where he come on as a 77th minute.
International career.
On the 6 October 2013, Ebralidze received his first call up to the Georgian national football team. He made his international debut on the 15 October against Spain, where he replaced Shota Grigalashvili in the 70th minute.

</doc>
<doc id="36636042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636042" title="Law Enforcement Warning">
Law Enforcement Warning

Law Enforcement Warning (SAME CODE: LEW) is a warning created by the National Weather Service meant to replace the issuance of Civil Emergency Messages and Civil Danger Warnings for the purpose of bomb explosions, jailbreaks, riots, or other criminal events. Law Enforcement Warnings are issued by a public official such as a police office, or county emergency management, and relayed by the NWS with the EAS tone and SAME heading. During a Law Enforcement Warning, an authorized law enforcement agency may blockade roads, waterways, or facilities, evacuate or deny access to affected areas, and arrest violators or suspicious persons.
On National Weather Service maps displaying active watch and warnings, areas under a Law Enforcement Warning appear in a gray color.

</doc>
<doc id="36636051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636051" title="Romain Buffet">
Romain Buffet

Romain Buffet (born 4 February 1985 in Rouen, France) is a French judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -90 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36636053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636053" title="Barry and the Penetrators">
Barry and the Penetrators

Barry And The Penetrators is an American Roots Rock Reggae band from Belmar, New Jersey, formed in 1998. Their Debut album Beaver Country was self released in 2001, and sold over 10,000 records.
Biography.
Barry and the Penetrators was founded by lead singer Barry Peterson in Belmar, New Jersey March 1998.What happens when Roots Rock Dub Reggae meets East Coast Punk? The only words to describe this phenomenon can be broken down into eight powerful syllables: Barry and the Penetrators. This quintet of dominant Jersey Shore music makers won’t be forgetting the melting pot of musical genres where they first cut their teeth. Over 13 years, hundreds of epic shows, a stint (and album) with Suburban Noize Records(Kottonmouth Kings, Unwritten Law, Authority Zero, Hed PE, Mickey Avalon, etc.) and thousands of sold CD’s later, the Penetrators are at it again. With the addition of a great fresh, new drummer, 2012 shows no signs of slowing down for the band that has garnered top honors in their category at the Asbury Park Music Awards 4 years in a row. Currently they’re in the studio rippin’ it up now towards their 4th official release. The band is sponsored by Foster’s, Lost Clothing, Electric Sunglasses, Penetrator Kustoms, and Eastern Line Surf Shop. Barry and the Penetrators is ranked as the 25th top pop band in Belmar, New Jersey
Influences.
Social Distortion, Lee Scratch Perry, Black Sabbath, Cheech n Chong, Bad Brains, Peter Tosh, Bouncing Souls, Bradley & Eric of Sublime, and so many more.

</doc>
<doc id="36636065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636065" title="Albert Cuthbertson">
Albert Cuthbertson

Albert William Wallace (Bert) Cuthbertson (1909 - 1977) was a yachtsman from New Zealand. 
He competed for New Zealand at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, coming 11th in the three-man Dragon class, with Robert Stewart and William Swinnerton.

</doc>
<doc id="36636073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636073" title="Djibril Sarr">
Djibril Sarr

Baye Ass Djibril Sarr (born 8 November 1990 in Dakar) is a Senegalese footballer who plays for C.D. Aves mainly as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36636077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636077" title="Abigél Joó">
Abigél Joó

Abigél Joó (born 6 August 1990 in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian judoka. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -78 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36636085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636085" title="Mohamed Flissi">
Mohamed Flissi

Mohamed Flissi (born February 13, 1990 in Boumerdès) is an Algerian boxer. He represented Algeria at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom.
Career.
In 2011, Flissi won the silver medal at the 2011 All-Africa Games in Maputo, Mozambique, after losing in the final to Thomas Essomba of Cameroon.
He won the silver medal in the 2013 AIBA World Championship in Almaty, Kazakhstan. He lost the final to Birzhan Zhakypov.

</doc>
<doc id="36636093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636093" title="Makoto Ogawa (pilot)">
Makoto Ogawa (pilot)

Career.
Ogawa was born in 1917 in Shizuoka Prefecture. He enlisted in the army when he was 18 and was assigned to the 7th Air Regiment based at Hamamatsu Airfield located north of the city of Hamamatsu in his home prefecture. After a few years, he enrolled in the Kumagaya Army Flying School to learn to fly fighters. In August 1938 he graduated as a member of the 72nd class of students. Instead of being posted to a combat squadron in China, he was kept at the school as an assistant instructor.
Toward the end of 1941, Ogawa was sent to Manchuria to fly with the 70th Sentai, a fighter wing outfitted with the Nakajima Ki-44 "Shōki", called "Tojo" by the Allies. He flew for three years and gained a high level of skill in piloting fighters. By then, American heavy bombers had begun to bomb Japan itself, so to counter the attacks the 70th Sentai was transferred, in November 1944, to Kashiwa, Chiba, northeast of Tokyo. For this task, the fighter pilots were given newer 20 mm Ho-5 cannon-equipped Nakajima Ki-84 machines, called "Frank" by the Allies.
Ogawa found that the B-29s were more vulnerable when they were maintaining level flight in their bombing runs and could not employ evasive maneuvers. Exploiting this weakness during night actions, he shot two of the bombers down by frontal attack, firing at the nose. He continued with his aerial successes and by August 1945 when the war ended, he had built up a confirmed score of seven B-29 bombers downed, as well as two P-51 Mustang fighters. This made him the highest scoring pilot against B-29s in the 70th Sentai, his air group. By the order of General Seiichi Tanaka, on 9 July 1945 Ogawa was awarded the "Bukosho", the highest military honor given to living IJA personnel during World War II. At the same time he was commissioned as an officer with the rank of second lieutenant.
After the war Ogawa became a businessman. He lives in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="36636097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636097" title="Daria Pogorzelec">
Daria Pogorzelec

Daria Pogorzelec (born 20 July 1990 in Gdańsk, Poland) is a Polish judoka. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -78 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36636112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636112" title="Marhinde Verkerk">
Marhinde Verkerk

Marhinde Verkerk (born 21 November 1985 in Rotterdam, Netherlands) is a Dutch judoka. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -78 kg event. Verkerk won the World Judo Championships Women's -78 in 2009, in her hometown of Rotterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="36636118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636118" title="Texas Park Road 1">
Texas Park Road 1

Park Road 1 (PR 1) is a Park Road located in Bastrop and Buescher state parks, in the central region of the U.S. state of Texas. The highway is approximately long, and passes through mainly rural park land. PR 1 also includes most main roads in the two parks. Because of this, the highway has been divided into five different routes; they are PR 1A, 1B, 1C, 1D, and 1E. PR 1C makes up most of the route, while three of the segments are less that a mile long. The route was first drafted by the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) in 1933, as a scenic drive between the two parks. It was constructed in 1939 and has been extended and altered multiple times since.
Route description.
Park Road 1 is divided into five suffixed routes, numbered from 1A to 1E. The longest of the five routes is PR 1C, at approximately long, and the shortest of the routes is PR 1D, at just barely over long. Roads 1A, 1B, and 1D are located completely within Bastrop State Park. Park Road 1E is the only one of the routes to be located completely within Buescher State Park, and PR 1C is the only route that traveling between both parks. The Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT) publishes yearly reports of highway's annual average daily traffic (AADT), with counts usually taken near intersections. PR 1 generally has a low AADT, with most areas of the highway having a daily count below 100 vehicles. The highest traveled point along the road is at PR 1C's intersection with County Route 174 (CR 174), with an average count of 690 vehicles. The least traveled point on the roadway is just east of the CR 174 intersection, with a daily count of just 30 vehicles. No portion of the highway is listed as part of the National Highway System (NHS), a network of roads important to the country's economy, defense, and mobility.
Park Road 1A.
Park Road 1A (PR 1A) is a major routing of PR 1 located nearly entirely within Bastrop State Park. The highway forms a loop around the center of the park, and connects other portions of PR 1 to TX 21. The highway begins at an intersection with TX 21, on the border of the state park. The highway proceeds southward, before entering the Bastrop Golf Course, and proceeding. The road travels through the golf course, passing the park's entrance facility, before it intersects PR 1D. The highway bends southward, passing a small camping area before it bends eastward. The roadway continues, passing south of the Deer Run and Piney Hill camping areas before passing north of the Creekside Camping area and continuing eastward. The highway bends northward, providing access to the large Copperas Creek camping area and continuing northward past a small parking area. It continues north, providing access to several of the park's hiking trails and a scenic overlook, before it bends westward. After a short distance, the road turns southwest, passing Bastrop State Park Lake, before it turns southward. It travels past the park's barracks and several large camping areas, before reaching its terminus, an intersection that closes the loop.
Park Road 1B.
Park Road 1B (PR 1B) is a short routing of PR 1 located entirely in Bastrop State Park. The road provides access to the park's cabins. 
The highway begins at an intersection with PR 1A on the southwestern edge of Bastrop State Park Lake. The roadway proceeds northwestward a short distance, before bending southward along a small creek. The route passes the creek, and bends northeastward. The highway intersects several small roads leading to the park cabins, including a road leading to the Lost Pines Lodge. The route bends eastward, traveling to its northern terminus, a dead end spot at one of the cabins.
Park Road 1C.
Park Road 1C (PR 1C) is the longest segment of PR 1, connecting Bastrop and Buescher state parks through an area known as the "Lost Pines". The highway begins at an intersection with PR 1A in the central area of Bastrop State Park. It bends northeastward while providing access to the Old Road Bed trail, which leads back to PR 1A. The road continues eastward, bending several times before intersecting Harmon Road, which connects the route to State Highway 71/95. The roadway intersects several small roads as it proceeds southeastward. Before crossing over Alum Creek, the road intersects County Road 190 (CR 190), which leads to the northern portions of the park. The highway proceeds eastward into the "Lost Pines" portion of the park, where it occasionally intersects private roads. The roadway bends southward before passing the western edge of the Stengl Lost Pines Biological Station. The road continues south into Buescher State Park. The highway runs eastward, intersecting CR 185 while traveling through densely forested area. The roadway bends southward and travels parallel to the park's eastern edge. The road passes a large park complex before bending eastward. PR 1C continues southward, intersecting PR 1E while traveling along the coast of Buescher Lake, towards the park entrance. The route passes the park ranger station before reaching its terminus, an intersection with Farm to Market Road 153 (FM 153) on the park border.
Park Road 1D.
Park Road 1D (PR 1D) is the shortest of the five sections of PR 1. The route serves as a driveway for the park's dining hall.
The highway begins at an intersection with PR 1A near the beginning of PR 1A's large in-park loop. The highway proceeds eastward, passing a small clump of trees to the north, and a small dirt road running parallel to the route on the south. The route makes a 180 degree bend past the dining hall, and passes north of the small clump of trees. The route then reaches its northern terminus, an intersection with PR 1A.
Park Road 1E.
Park Road 1E (PR 1E) is located completely within Buescher State Park. The highway serves the park's cabins and campgrounds.
The road begins at an intersection with PR 1C at the entrance to the Lakeview Camping Area, north of Park Lake. The route bends southeast, passing a small parking lot for the Buescher Hiking Trail, and the trail itself, which leads to primitive walk-in campgrounds. The roadway passes the park amphitheater, and intersects a small road that leads to the Cozy Circle Camping Area. The highway bends in a slight backwards S-shape, intersecting several roads that lead to park cabins, picnic areas, and other sites. The road continues southward, reaching an intersection with PR 1C at the park headquarters, where it terminates.
History.
Beginning in 1933 during the Great Depression, the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) worked on constructing Bastrop and Buescher state parks, including work on a scenic route to connect the two parks. Work on the parks continued through 1939, when construction on both areas, including all roads within the park and the drive connecting them were completed. Park Road 1 was first designated on September 26, 1939, traveling from an intersection with U.S. Route 290, traveling into Bastrop State Park, passing through Bastrop State Park. On May 9, 1940, PR 1 was extended past Buescher State Park, to SH 71, and had several smaller roads in Bastrop and Buescher state parks added. On May 21, 1940, the route was minorly rerouted. On May 23, 1951, U.S. Route 290 was rerouted away from Bastrop, with Texas State Highway 21 redesignated to its location. On March 1, 1963, the portion of PR 1 from SH 71 to the south entrance to Buescher State Park was cancelled, with the new southern terminus becoming FM 153.
Major junctions.
Park Road 1A.
This entire highway is located in Bastrop State Park, Bastrop County. 
Park Road 1B.
This entire highway is located in Bastrop State Park, Bastrop County. 
Park Road 1C.
This entire highway is located in Bastrop State Park and Buescher State Park, Bastrop County. 
Park Road 1D.
This entire highway is in Bastrop State Park, Bastrop County.
Park Road 1E.
This entire highway is in Buescher State Park, Bastrop County.

</doc>
<doc id="36636134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636134" title="Xavier Brown">
Xavier Brown

Xavier Brown (born February 19, 1988) is an American football defensive end who is currently a member of the New Orleans VooDoo of the Arena Football League, after playing college football for C.W. Post, he was signed by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League (CFL) as an undrafted free agent in 2011. He played for the Chicago Rush and New Orleans VooDoo of the Arena Football League (AFL) in 2012.
Professional career.
Canadian Football League.
Brown was signed by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats on June 6, 2011. He was released during final roster cuts on June 25, 2011.
Arena Football League.
Brown was assigned to the Chicago Rush of the Arena Football League in February 2012. On May 28, 2012, he was traded to the New Orleans VooDoo for cornerback Leslie Majors.
National Football League.
Brown was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles on August 4, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36636136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636136" title="Outta My Head (album)">
Outta My Head (album)

Outta My Head is the debut album of the Finnish singer Diandra (full name Diandra Flores) after she won the 2012 series of the Finnish version of "Idols". The album was released on 6 July 2012 by Universal Music Finland and topped the Finnish Albums Chart. 
The debut single of Diandra called "Onko Marsissa lunta?" appears as a bonus track on the album. The follow-up single is the title track "Outta My Head".

</doc>
<doc id="36636138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636138" title="Adventures on Islands">
Adventures on Islands

Adventures on Islands is an American stop-motion animated television series. It lasted four seasons and was executive produced by Daniel Valle.

</doc>
<doc id="36636139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636139" title="Mary Hamilton (equestrian)">
Mary Hamilton (equestrian)

Mary Darby later Mary Hamilton is an equestrian from New Zealand. 
She competed for New Zealand at the 1984 Summer Olympics at Los Angeles, coming 22nd in the 3-day event, and was in the team which came 6th in the 3-day team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36636144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636144" title="Odette Ntahonvukiye">
Odette Ntahonvukiye

Odette Ntahonvukiye (born 14 July 1994 in Cibitoke, Burundi) is a Burundian judoka. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -78 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36636157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636157" title="Anamari Velenšek">
Anamari Velenšek

Anamari (or simply Ana) Velenšek (born 15 May 1991 in Celje, Slovenia) is a Slovenian judoka. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -78 kg event. Velenšek won two bronze medals at the European Judo Championships (2011 and 2012).

</doc>
<doc id="36636167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636167" title="Petra papyri">
Petra papyri

The Petra papyri, also known as the Petra archive, is a corpus of papyrus documents written in Greek and dating to the sixth century AD that were discovered in the Byzantine church at Petra in 1993. At some 140 papyrus rolls, the collection constitutes the largest corpus of ancient documents ever found in Jordan and stand as one of the most important papyrological finds outside of the massive yields taken from the sands of Egypt. Like the Herculaneum papyri, another major non-Egyptian find, the Petra rolls were preserved by virtue of their being carbonized in a fire, but most of the papyri were damaged beyond decipherment and only a few dozen preserve substantial, interpretable texts.
The corpus is an "archive" in that it contains the private papers of a single family. The man at the center of this seemingly well-to-do household was one Theodoros who served as deacon at the Petra Church, but his relation to many of the other people named in the papyri is often unclear. The documents in the archive of his family concern private matters like marriages, inheritances and sales, as well as public legal matters, including property disputes and tax records. In addition to providing a rare glimpse into the affairs of an otherwise anonymous family over several generations, the Petra papyri offer evidence of the relations of a large group of the region's upper class, with approximately 350 individuals from outside the family being named in their personal and legal documents.
The papyri are published in an eponymous series, The Petra Papyri (abbreviated P.Petra), which are prepared by teams of scholars from the universities of Helsinki and Michigan and published by the American Center of Oriental Research. Volumes I, III and IV, comprising some forty-nine documents, have been published to date. P.Petra II has yet to appear and will be devoted to a single large division of property; a likewise forthcoming fifth volume is expected to complete the series.

</doc>
<doc id="36636169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636169" title="Hana Mareghni">
Hana Mareghni

Hana Mareghni (sometimes spelled Marghani or Mergheni) (born 4 May 1989 in Tunis, Tunisia) is a Tunisian judoka. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -78 kg event and lost her match to Mayra Aguiar.
At the 2011 All-Africa Games, Hana won a gold medals 

</doc>
<doc id="36636180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636180" title="Audrey Koumba">
Audrey Koumba

Adjane Audrey Koumba (born 8 April 1989 in Libreville, Gabon) is a Gabonese judoka. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -78 kg event and was eliminated in her second match by Abigél Joó of Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="36636183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636183" title="José Tiago Figueiredo Fernandes">
José Tiago Figueiredo Fernandes

José Tiago Figueiredo Fernandes (born 4 September 1989) known as Tico, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for S.C. Freamunde as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36636190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636190" title="Maryna Pryshchepa">
Maryna Pryshchepa

Maryna Pryshchepa (Ukrainian: Марина Прищепа; born 28 July 1983 in Kiev, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian judoka. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics (Beijing) in the -78 kg event and lost her opening match to Heide Wollert. Four years later in London, she participated in the -78 kg tournament of the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated in her first match by Audrey Tcheuméo of France.
Pryshchepa won a silver medal at the 2009 World Judo Championships. She also has a silver medal (2009) and four bronze medals (2006, 2007, 2010, 2012) at the European Judo Championships.
Pryshchepa is competing also in sambo and sumo. She is a world sambo champion. Since 2008 Pryshchepa has been representing Ukraine in sumo. She won two medals in sumo at the World Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36636195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636195" title="Engineering Research Centers">
Engineering Research Centers

Engineering Research Centers (ERC) are university-led institutions developed through the National Science Foundation (NSF) Directorate of Engineering. While ERCs are initially funded by the NSF, they are expected to be self-sustaining within 10 years of being founded. The Engineering Research Centers program was originally developed in 1984 with the mission of removing disparity between academic and industrial engineering applications. In this way, engineering students would, theoretically, be better prepared to enter the engineering workforce. As a result, the United States would gain a competitive advantage over other countries. There have been three generations of Engineering Research Centers. Each of these generations has been specifically designed to meet the dynamic engineering demands of the United States. Due to the limited amount of funding available for ERCs, the program is competitive; out of 143 proposals submitted in 2008, only 5 were awarded centers. Commercialization of academic research is one of the primary goals of NSF ERCs.
Generation one.
The first generation of NSF ERCs began between 1985 and 1990 and encouraged academic institutions to focus education on manufacturing and commercial design. This first generation comprised 18 centers.
Generation two.
The National Science Foundation began funding the second generation of centers beginning in 1994 and continued until 2006. This second generation included 22 centers and was focused on manufacturing efficiency. Unlike the first generation of ERCs, the second generation encouraged multi-university partnerships and also focused on developing pre-college, engineering-bound students. In addition, the second generation of ERCs was designed to help academic research reach commercialization. However, unlike later generations, the second generation focused on domestic programs and largely ignored the potential in global partnerships.
Generation three.
Beginning in 2008, the NSF began accepting proposals for the third generation (Gen-3) of Engineering Research Centers. Gen-3 ERCs were largely created due to decreased student interest in sciences and engineering and an increasingly global economy. To meet these challenges, the Gen-3 ERCs were commissioned to increase interest in innovation and unify different engineering pipelines (i.e. domestic and international institutions, academic and commercial institutions). Gen-3 programs particularly focus on nanotechnology.
Partner structure.
The mission of Gen-3 ERCs differs from the mission of the second generation ERCs in that Gen-3 centers embrace a global perspective. In creating the Gen-3 ERCs, the NSF recognized that streamlining existing processes is not enough to remain competitive in a global market. Instead, Gen-3 programs focus on also developing and globally commercializing novel engineering solutions. Like second generation ERCs, Gen-3 programs use a multi-university model and are required to include between 1 and 4 domestic partners. At least one of these partner universities must serve a large population of underrepresented groups. Gen-3 programs are also required to include between 1 and 3 non-domestic partners. Faculty from non-partner universities may become affiliated in order to fill "expertise gaps".
Above and beyond university partner requirements, Gen-3 ERCs are required to partner with domestic pre-college institutions, particularly local middle schools and high schools. ERCs must also have "industry/practitioner" members that pay fees to use ERC resources. These industry/practitioner members may include businesses and hospitals.
ERCs are required to support Research Experiences for Undergraduates, Research Experiences for Teachers, and pre-college (Young Scholars) summer research programs. In addition, ERCs partner with local K-12 institutions to increase the abilities of science and engineering educators. Because of the global focus of Gen-3 ERCs, centers often host foreign exchange students.
Funding structure.
Funding for an ERC may not exceed $3,250,000 for the first year, but this limit increases by $250,000 per year until it reaches a maximum of $4,000,000. The NSF committed enough funds ($9,750,000) to support three new centers beginning in the summer of 2012. Corporate partners are permitted to supplement this funding, and their contributions can be quite significant. For example, in 2006, over 50 organizations invested in the Engineering Research Center for Compact and Efficient Fluid Power (CEFP) and added approximately $3 million to the CEFP's budget. In some circumstances, ERCs obtain additional funding through other governmental agencies.
Current centers.
Currently, 17 ERCs are supported by the National Science Foundation. These centers are listed below along with the years during which they were founded. Programs founded before 2008 are second generation programs; programs founded in or after 2008 are Gen-3 programs.
Past (graduated) centers.
The following centers no longer receive funding from the National Science Foundation. Centers founded in or after 1994 are second generation ERCs. Centers founded before 1994 are first generation.

</doc>
<doc id="36636205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636205" title="Vera Moskalyuk">
Vera Moskalyuk

Vera Sergeyevna Moskalyuk (Russian: Вера Сергеевна Москалюк; born 10 November 1981 in Zhytomyr, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian-born Russian judoka. She competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics. In 2004 in Athens in the -78 kg event she was eliminated in her first match by Liu Xia. In Beijing in 2008 she competed again at -78 kg and lost her first match to Esther San Miguel. Finally in London in 2012, still in the -78 kg event she was defeated by Kayla Harrison.
Moskalyuk has won a gold medal (2006) and two silver medals (2007, 2008) at the European Judo Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36636210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636210" title="Small, sealed, transportable, autonomous reactor">
Small, sealed, transportable, autonomous reactor

Small, sealed, transportable, autonomous reactor (SSTAR) is a nuclear reactor being primarily researched and developed in the USA by Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. It is designed as a fast breeder nuclear reactor that is passively safe. It has a self-contained fuel source of Uranium-235 and Uranium-238 which will be partly consumed by fast-neutron fission and, more importantly, converted into more fissile material ("breeding" Plutonium). It should have an operative life of 30 years, providing a constant power source between 10 and 100 megawatts.
The 100 megawatt version is expected to be 15 meters high by 3 meters wide, and weigh 500 tonnes. A 10 megawatt version is expected to weigh less than 200 tonnes. To obtain the desired 30 year life span, the design calls for a movable neutron reflector to be placed surrounding part of a column of fuel. The reflector's slow downward travel through the entire length of the column would cause the fuel to be burned from the top of the column to the bottom. Because the unit will be sealed, it is expected that a breeder reaction will be used to further extend the life of the fuel.
SSTAR is meant to be tamper resistant, which would prevent the leasing country from opening the reactor to use the generated plutonium for nuclear weapons. The tamper-resistant features will include radio monitoring and remote deactivation. The leasing country will therefore have to accept the capability for remote foreign intervention in the facility. The feature might, however, interfere with possible recovery work during an accident.
Currently, no prototypes for SSTAR exist - one is expected by 2015. They are being researched as a possible replacement for today's light water reactors and as a possible design for use in developing countries (which would use the reactor for several decades and then return the entire unit to the manufacturing country).

</doc>
<doc id="36636213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636213" title="The Team (TV series)">
The Team (TV series)

The Team (also known in French-language series as "L'Équipe") is an international multi-ethnic and multicultural television series produced by Search for Common Ground (SFCG). It is a flagship television program by SFCG, used as an education tool through a dramatization of various young players associated to each other through their common love of association football (soccer). 
The common thread between all the series is promote, through the common love of the game of football (soccer), the importance of education, commitment, cooperation (team work), diversity, gender equality, overcoming of adversity and conflict resolution and bridging of differences between people of various ethnic, religious, economic and societal backgrounds by bringing them together.
Context.
Using the popularity of football (called soccer in America), the show uses sports as a metaphor to unification while addressing local, deep-rooted conflict. The show follows specific characters on a football team who must learn to work together to overcome their differences and win the game. The show is specifically tailored to the country in which it airs. Each country has different issues it faces, and the scripts represent these differences. The cast, writers and production crews are, whenever possible, all indigenous to the country. In the DRC, "The Team" deals specifically with women's rights.
Part of the success of "The Team" is that the audience can relate to the characters. The characters portrayed on the soap opera are from varied ethnic, religious, educational and economic backgrounds.
"The Team"aired in a dozen countries in Asia, Africa and the Middle East, notably Ivory Coast, Kenya, Morocco and had already aired as a radio program in Ethiopia. Second seasons were in production in three countries. According to the "Boston Globe", nearly 25% of Moroccans watch the locally produced episodes of "The Team".
In 2007, Kenya experienced post-election violence. In response to this violence, SFCG, in partnership with the Nairobi Peace Initiative, Media Focus on Africa, the UK's Department for International Development and the US Agency for International Development, launched "The Team: Kenya" The show follows players from the Imani F.C. team. Imani translates as Faith in the local language. The players are from all different parts of Kenyan society- rich and poor, educated and uneducated, urban and rural and male and female. The players have to work together to win games, and through working together, they overcome their differences. The show originally broadcast in May, 2009. A third season is currently in production.
Series.
Many series have been broadcast or are in process of being broadcast in local television stations in Africa, Asia and the Middle East. Each series usually consists of between 10 and 13 episodes as a television soap opera series. Some broadcasters, owing to the success of the initial series have announced new episodes in a renewed season. There was also a 50-episode radio version in Ethiopia

</doc>
<doc id="36636215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636215" title="Aye Aye Aung">
Aye Aye Aung

Aye Aye Aung (born 2 December 1984 in Yangon, Myanmar) is a Burmese judoka. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -78 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36636218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636218" title="SSTAR">
SSTAR

SSTAR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36636238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636238" title="Lukáš Krpálek">
Lukáš Krpálek

Lukáš Krpálek (born 15 November 1990 in Jihlava) is a Czech judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -100 kg event and lost in the repechage to Henk Grol. Krpálek won bronze at the 2011 World Judo Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36636243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636243" title="Nyctemera coleta">
Nyctemera coleta

Nyctemera coleta, commonly known as the marbled white moth, is a species of moth found from India to the Philippines, and from Japan to Papua New Guinea. It is classified under the subgenus "Coleta" of the genus "Nyctemera" in the family Arctiidae. It contains four subspecies:

</doc>
<doc id="36636244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636244" title="Jazz at Oberlin">
Jazz at Oberlin

Jazz at Oberlin is a live album by the Dave Brubeck Quartet. It was recorded in the Finney Chapel at Oberlin College in March 1953, and released on Fantasy Records as F 3245.
Critic Nat Hentoff wrote in "Down Beat" magazine that the album ranks with the "College of the Pacific" and Storyville sets "as the best of Brubeck on record", and jazz critic Gary Giddins has written that it would "make many short lists of the decade's outstanding albums".
The concert is credited with making jazz a legitimate field of musical study at Oberlin, but it and the album did much more that. The album is further credited with initiating making jazz a subject of serious intellectual attention in a listening-centric environment; Wendell Logan, the chair of Oberlin's Jazz Studies Department, described it as "the watershed event that signaled the change of performance space for jazz from the nightclub to the concert hall".
In addition, it was one of the early works in the cool jazz stream of jazz; "The Guardian"'s John Fordham wrote that it "indicated new directions for jazz that didn't slavishly mirror bebop, and even hinted at free-jazz piano techniques still years away from realisation"; he further observed that it "marked Brubeck's eager adoption by America's (predominantly white) youth - a welcome that soon extended around the world ... for a rhythmically intricate instrumental jazz".

</doc>
<doc id="36636248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636248" title="Unemployed Councils">
Unemployed Councils

The Unemployed Councils of the USA (UC) was a mass organization of the Communist Party, USA established in 1930 in an effort to organize and mobilize unemployed workers to advance party policy goals in preparation for an anticipated final conflict to overthrow capitalism.
The UC was the organizational successor of the Unemployment Council of New York, a broad-based organization established by various trade unions in New York City in the spring of 1921, during the economic downturn which followed the termination of the First World War. The organization was dissolved through merger with parallel organizations affiliated with the Socialist Party of America and the Conference for Progressive Labor Action in April 1936 — with a new organization called the Workers Alliance of America resulting.
Organizational history.
Forerunners.
In March 1921 a conference was held in New York City to address the unemployment question. This effort was widely supported by the local agencies of organized labor, with some 35 independent or associated locals of the American Federation of Labor and the Industrial Workers of the World sending delegates.
This Unemployment Conference of Greater New York elected Israel Amter, a member of the underground United Communist Party of America (UCP), as the secretary of a new organization, the Unemployment Council of New York.
Shortly after the conference, Amter was embroiled in a raid on UCP headquarters in New York City, in which he was arrested and charged with having committed the crime of criminal anarchy under New York state law. Following his release on bail, Amter threw himself into unemployment work, launching a small newspaper called "Jobless" and agitating on street corners to crowds of passersby.
Meetings of the Unemployment Council of New York were held at which the slogan "Fight and Live! Work or Compensation!" was advanced and an organizational agenda calling for unemployment relief, employment through public works, and the establishment of subsidized low-cost housing was cobbled together. The group attempted to expand at the local level through the establishment of neighborhood units called "Councils of Action." A national organization was envisioned, to be known as the Worker's Unemployed Council of America.
The Harding administration was moved to action on the issue by Secretary of Commerce Herbert Hoover, who drew up the blueprint for a President's Conference on Unemployment, which brought together leaders of industry and labor to further discuss the issue. The conference envisioned a city-based solution to the problem. By the end of 1921 some 209 localities had established Mayor's Committees on Unemployment to deal with the issue locally, making use of voluntarism.
This activity proved to be largely inadequate to the scope of the problem, with some minor progress made in some localities establishing emergency housing or setting up local employment bureaus to aid in matching up unemployed workers with prospective employers. These efforts did also undercut the radical New York movement as well, with the Communist-backed Unemployment Council of New York rapidly running out of organizational energy.
By the end of 1922 the post-war depression more or less had come to an end as the economy stabilized and businesses slowly began to hire more workers again to expand production. The New York-based Unemployed Council movement rapidly faded into obscurity with the improvement of business conditions.
Despite the failure of the 1921 launch of a mass movement of unemployed workers to gain traction, the Communist Party continued to pursue the issue, reiterating in 1923 its desire to bring about "the organization of groups of unemployed" in order to "force resolute action for the improvement of their position." Such proclaimed intentions were met with no practical success throughout the rest of the comparatively prosperous decade of the 1920s, however.
Depression era reorganization.
The global crisis of capitalist economies remembered to history as the Great Depression which began in the 4th Quarter of 1929 accelerated the efforts of American Communists to organize unemployed workers. The party conducted its initial organizational work under the auspices of its radical trade union subsidiary, the Trade Union Unity League, advancing the slogan "Fight — Don't Starve!" and seeking to build a new network of so-called Unemployed Councils.
As one pioneer scholar of the topic has observed, these Unemployed Councils were conceived as an adaptation of the St. Petersburg Councils of the Unemployed, soviets of unemployed workers which emerged during the Russian Revolution of 1905 and which helped to organize opposition to the Tsarist regime of Nikolai II. The American Communists hoped to establish the Unemployed Council movement as a similar mechanism to turn isolated and atomized unemployed workers towards mass action in the advance of revolutionary objectives.
Paid organizers for the Unemployed Councils were set to work attempting to build the organization, searching out potential members in breadlines or queueing for soup kitchens, loitering at factory gates or near employment agency offices, or sitting around near cheap hotels. Organizers sought to form local Councils at the neighborhood level, sometimes down to the level of one or two large apartment buildings. In addition to the prevailing method of organizing on a geographic basis, in some cases Councils were alternatively organized on the basis of language, including, for example, Yiddish-language locals in New York City.
Historian Daniel Leab indicates that the early Unemployed Councils were far from a rigidly directed and monolithic movement:
"During this embryonic period the Councils existed on an extremely unstable basis. No real interaction existed between the separate components. Rarely did one Council act in unison with another. Indeed, the only points they had in common were their demands for more relief and more public works, their emphasis on the philosophy of class struggle, and their overall Communist sponsorship."
International Unemployment Day.
The Unemployed Councils were thrust into the public limelight in connection with the coordinated mass demonstrations organized by the Communist Party on March 6, 1930, deemed International Day for Struggle against Worldwide Unemployment by the Communist International. Under the slogan "Work or Wages" hundreds of thousands of often ill-organized protestors turned out across the United States to protest against unemployment and to demand government relief. The network of Unemployed Councils was used by the Communist Party as one of the primary mechanisms for building attendance at these public demonstrations.
While the majority of these International Unemployment Day demonstrations passed without notable incident, violence erupted in several locals, including scores of injuries resulting from a full scale police riot in New York City, lesser police-protestor violence in Boston, and the use of tear gas to disrupt rallies in Washington, DC and Seattle. The demonstrations and so-called "riots" associated with them served to publicize the existence and activities of the Unemployed Councils, as the March 6 events gained widespread attention in the press as the first large scale protests resulting from the recent economic downturn.
The tiny Communist Party, which counted only about 10,000 members at this time, was anxious to capitalize upon the massive publicity generated as a result of the March 6 action and rapidly conducted a "First Preliminary Conference on Unemployment" in New York City on March 29–30, 1930. This gathering was addressed by a number of prominent Communist Party worthies, including head of the TUUL William Z. Foster, long time Unemployed Council activist Israel Amter, and editor of the "Daily Worker" Robert Minor. The gathering determined to call another convention, larger and more formal, to establish a new national organization which would exist in its own right, independent of Trade Union Unity League auspices. TUUL leader Pat Devine was elected National Secretary of the Unemployed Leagues on an interim basis. Divine's tenure as head of the UC was brief, as by the middle of May he had been "called away from the country by personal affairs" and replaced by George Siskind.
Establishment and early activity.
On July 4 and 5, 1930 this founding convention met in Chicago. The gathering was attended by an impressive 1,320 delegates and established for the first time a new independent organization called the Unemployed Councils of the USA. The composition of the gathering was less astounding, however, with some 468 delegates hailing from the Communist Party or its youth section and another 723 connected with the party-sponsored TUUL. The gathering elected Communist Party leader Bill Mathieson as National Secretary of the new organization and named a governing National Committee of 38. Minor, Amter, and Foster — all of whom had begun serving 6 month jail terms in connection with the International Unemployment Day riot in New York City, were named as honorary members of the organization.
The primary organs of the new Unemployed Councils of the USA were again called "Committees of Action," these to be organized at the electoral precinct or ward level and combined to form a "City Unemployed Council." The City Unemployed Councils of smaller towns were to be additionally combined to form County Councils. City and County Councils were to elect delegates to state and national Unemployed Council bodies. No formal size requirements were set for Committees of Action until 1934, at which time a minimum of 25 members was established.
In August 1930 the Unemployed Councils attempted to give better form to their demands when the group's leaders composed a so-called "Workers Unemployment Insurance Bill." This legislative proposal called for the payment of $35 per week for each unemployed worker plus an additional $5 per week per dependent and the creation of a "National Unemployment Insurance Fund" to be generated through a tax on all property valued in excess of $25,000 and incomes of more than $5,000. These monies were to be distributed by a new Workers' Commission elected solely by employed and unemployed workers under the New York Conference's plan.
The tactic of mass demonstrations was continued, marked by an October 16, 1930 demonstration in front of City Hall in New York. Protestors demanded the city provide unemployment relief, chanting the party slogan "We Want Work or Wages" and singing the revolutionary anthem "The Internationale." The gathering of between 500 and 1,000 people was disbursed by mounted police, causing a melee to ensue in which plate glass windows of nearby businesses were shattered.
While protesters and police did battle in the street, inside City Hall a regularly scheduled meeting was being disrupted. The young secretary of the New York Unemployed Councils, Sam Nessin, took to the floor to call the chair of the meeting, Mayor Jimmy Walker, "a grafting politician and a crook." Nessin's aggressive accusation provoked the mayor to throw down his gavel and scream, "You dirty Red! In about two minutes I'll jump down there and smash you in the face!"
Police restored decorum to the meeting by forcibly ejecting Nessin and four Communist companions. The five were thrown down stairs before being beaten with nightsticks and blackjacks, leaving spatter on the walls and puddles of blood on the floor. Nessin was hospitalized from the assault, only to be formally charged later with "inciting to riot." Despite its one-sided violence the Communist gambit was not wholly unsuccessful, however, as the next day the New York City Board of Estimate suddenly appropriated $1 million for unemployment relief — the first time that such an expenditure had been made.
The Communist Party published its own program for work among the unemployed on December 9, 1930, issuing a set of 13 specific demands. These demands included a call for unemployment insurance providing for payment of full wages, the 7-hour workday, payment of emergency winter relief benefits, and diplomatic recognition by the United States government of the Soviet Union.
On December 19, 1930 a conference on unemployment relief was held in New York City, bringing together some 600 delegates, including Communist Party functionaries, members of local unemployed organizations and tenants' organizations, and representatives of the trade union movement. This gathering issued a convention call for a more formal New York Conference on Unemployment Relief, which was held on January 13, 1931.
The January 1931 gathering decided to descend upon Washington, DC with a massive petition demanding Congressional passage of a Federal Unemployment Insurance bill. A door-to-door canvassing campaign to garner was launched to garner petition signatures.
Hunger marches.
Another new organization was established under Communist Party auspices early in 1931, the Unemployed Committee for the National Hunger March, headquartered in the offices of the CP's trade union affiliate, the Trade Union Unity League in New York City. This paper organization was established to coordinate a "First National Hunger March" on the nation's capital to demand federal unemployment insurance and to keep Congress focused upon the unemployment issue. This march was also to demand the granting of emergency winter relief for the unemployed in the form of a lump-sum payment of $150 per unemployed worker, with an additional $50 for each dependent. Other programmatic objectives which the Communist organizers of the march sought to advance included enactment of a 7-hour workday, establishment of a union wage pay scale for unemployed workers, payment of a soldiers' bonus to veterans of World War I, and an end to discrimination against black American and foreign-born workers.
Termination.
From 1934 the international Communist movement followed a tactical line known as the Popular Front in which it sought to build political bridges with liberals as well as adherents of other left wing political parties in order to halt the spread of fascism. In accord with this line, the CPUSA sought to unite its Unemployed Councils organization with a parallel group associated with the Socialist Party, the Workers Alliance (WA), and a third group organized by A.J. Muste and his Conference for Progressive Labor Action, known as the Unemployed Leagues (UL).
On April 8, 1936 a unity convention was held in Washington, DC bringing together the Communist-sponsored UC, the Socialist-sponsored WA, and the Muste-sponsored UL. The result of the gathering was the establishment of a new joint organization called the Workers Alliance of America. Communist Party supporter Arnold Johnson was elected to head the National Board of the new organization and headquarters were established in Washington, DC.
Legacy.
In the estimation of anti-Communist historian Eugene Lyons, the Unemployed Councils were an agglomeration of "over 20,000 adherents — loosely organized, often out of sympathy with their communist spokesmen, yet a sufficient force for demonstration, hunger marches, and sheer nuisance activities." These individuals and the largely idealistic "earnest rank-and file communists" who led them are judged by Lyons to have been a "relative success" in moving issues affecting the unemployed to the national legislative agenda.
Lyons contends that "top-shelf party bureaucrats" undermined the grass roots organization of the unemployed by foisting Third Period slogans upon them such as "Down with Yankee Imperialism!" and "For a Soviet America!" As their movement dissipated, "the Communists realized their salvation lay in a merger" with the Socialist-backed Workers Alliance, headed by David Lasser. While the amalgamation of unemployed groups ostensibly involved the absorption of the Communist UC movement, in reality "the Communists took over the Alliance, which became just another Moscow front." Herbert Benjamin was installed as Secretary-Treasurer of the new organization, solidifying Communist control, and Lasser himself abandoned the Socialist Party for the Communists following a visit to Moscow, Lyons indicates.

</doc>
<doc id="36636255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636255" title="Daniel Kelly (judoka)">
Daniel Kelly (judoka)

Daniel Kelly (born 31 October 1977 in Melbourne, Australia) is an Australian judoka and mixed martial artist. 
Judo and Olympic career.
Kelly began competing in judo when he was 7 and fought at his first Australian Championships when he was 13. He made the junior national team in 1994 where he competed at the Junior World Championships and went on to make the senior national team two years later. Kelly has been Australian Champion on nine occasions.
Kelly is the only Judo competitor to have been selected to fight for Australia in four different Olympic games. He most recently competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -100 kg event. 
Mixed martial arts career.
Early career.
Kelly made his professional MMA debut in July 2006. He remained out of competition for the next six and a half years due to judo commitments before returning to the sport in December 2012. Over the next eight months, he improved his record to 5 wins with no losses.
The Ultimate Fighter.
In December 2013, it was announced that Kelly was selected as one of the fighters to represent Australia for the upcoming .

</doc>
<doc id="36636266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636266" title="2002 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group I – Pool B">
2002 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group I – Pool B

Group B of the 2002 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group I is one of two pools in the Americas Zone Group I of the 2002 Fed Cup. Five teams competed in a round robin competition, with the top teams coming first and second advancing to the play-offs, and the bottom team being relegated down to 2003 Group II.

</doc>
<doc id="36636269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636269" title="Luis Álvarez">
Luis Álvarez

Luis Álvarez or Luis Alvarez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36636274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636274" title="Mount Russell, New South Wales">
Mount Russell, New South Wales

Mount Russell is a village in Inverell Shire of New South Wales in Australia. At the 2006 census the village and surrounding area had a population of 237. The village is approximately north-west of Inverell, New South Wales and is approximately by road from the state capital Sydney.
A railway station on the Inverell branch opened on 10 March 1902, and was served by railmotors between Moree and Inverell. This section of the line was closed in 1987 and little trace remains of the station or platform, although some sidings are still intact. The sidings at Mount Russell also served a silo site constructed in 1934 with a storage capacity of with an additional storage added in 1955. The silo owned by GrainCorp was no longer in use as of 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36636276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636276" title="Artem Bloshenko">
Artem Bloshenko

Artem Bloshenko (born 1 February 1985 in Donetsk, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -100 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36636284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636284" title="Kenny Gardner">
Kenny Gardner

Kenny Gardner (Born March 20, 1913 in Lake View, Iowa - July 26, 2002 in Manhasset, New York, USA) was an American singer for Guy Lombardo's band "His Royal Canadians".
Biography.
Kenneth A. Gardner was born in March 20, 1913 in Lake View, Iowa, USA. Gardner joined Guy Lombardo's band in 1940, singing the signature hits "Enjoy Yourself, It's Later Than You Think" and "Frankie and Johnny". While in the band, he took time out to serve in World War II, where he was wounded and earned a Purple Heart. After retiring in 1978, a year after Guy Lombardo died, Kenny settled in Plandome, New York.
In 1941, Kenny voiced the role of Dick in the animated comedy film Mr. Bug Goes to Town. He also sang "Where Do We Go From Here" in the film, which was written by Percy Wenrich.
He died in July 26, 2002 in Manhasset, New York, USA. According to his sister, Gina Lombardo Cudahy, Gardner died from a heart attack after having appendectomy surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="36636301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636301" title="James Austin (judoka)">
James Austin (judoka)

James Austin (born 5 April 1983 in Lichfield, England) is an English judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -100 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36636312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636312" title="Markus Hubrich">
Markus Hubrich

Marcus Hubrich (born 1963) is an alpine skier from New Zealand. 
He competed for New Zealand at the 1984 Winter Olympics at Sarajevo; and came 35th in the Downhill, 14th in the Slalom, and 29th in the Giant Slalom. He was the New Zealand flagbearer at the games.
He is a brother of 1984 and 1988 alpine skier Mattias Hubrich.

</doc>
<doc id="36636316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636316" title="List of Adventures on Islands episodes">
List of Adventures on Islands episodes

This is a List of Adventures on Islands episoses. Adventures on Islands is an American stop-motion animated television series. It lasted four seasons and was executive produced by Daniel Valle.

</doc>
<doc id="36636319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636319" title="Yauhen Biadulin">
Yauhen Biadulin

Yauhen Biadulin (born 1 September 1985 in Mogilev, Belarus) is a Belarusian judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -100 kg event.
Biadulin has also competed in sambo and won a silver medal at the 2008 World Sambo Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36636333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636333" title="Women's football in Spain">
Women's football in Spain

Women's football in Spain is not one of the traditional powers of women's football.
National competition.
Primera División is the national competition for women fooballers in Spain.
Below the Primera División, there is a second tier called Segunda División, where its teams are divided into seven groups.
The lower tiers are administrated by the regional federations.

</doc>
<doc id="36636336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636336" title="Cristian Schmidt">
Cristian Schmidt

Cristian Schmidt (born 13 August 1982 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -100 kg event.
Notable results in individual events in Schmidt's career include bronze at the 2011 Pan Am Games and at the 2010 South American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36636346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636346" title="Teerawat Homklin">
Teerawat Homklin

Teerawat Homklin (Thai: ธีรวัฒน์ หอมกลิ่น; born 13 October 1987 in Bangkok, Thailand) is a Thai judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -100 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36636358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636358" title="Ramadan Darwish">
Ramadan Darwish

Ramadan Darwish (born 29 January 1988 in Gharbia, Egypt) is an Egyptian judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -100 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36636359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636359" title="Pancreatic injury">
Pancreatic injury

A pancreatic injury is some form of trauma sustained by the pancreas. The injury can be sustained through either blunt forces, such as a motor vehicle accident, or penetrative forces, such as that of a gunshot wound. The pancreas is one of the least commonly injured organs in abdominal trauma.
Management.
Diagnosis.
The diagnosis of this form of injury can be challenging because of the pancreas' location inside the abdomen. The use of ultrasound can reveal fluid around the site of injury. Computed tomography (CT) can also be utilized as a non-invasive diagnostic tool, but its reliability is low; one retrospective case review found that computed tomography had either failed to find injuries or had underestimated the severity of injury in more than half of 17 pancreatic injury patients. Serum amylase has also been shown to be of limited diagnostic utility within the first three hours following injury. Management of a pancreatic injury can be difficult because other abdominal organs, such as the liver, usually have sustained trauma as well. Several common symptoms manifest hours after the injury such as tachycardia, abdominal distension, and midepigastric tenderness. Indications for surgical intervention include: peritonitis based on physical examination; hypotension in combination with a positive focussed assessment with sonography (ultrasound) for trauma (FAST); and pancreatic duct disruption based on the results of thin-cut computed tomography or endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP). Commonly, a laparotomy is done in order to directly visualize the injury, and generally this approach is the most accurate diagnostic method.
Classification.
Pancreatic injuries are classified according to the criteria of the American Association for the Surgery of Trauma (AAST). The grade of the trauma should be increased by one level for multiple injuries to the same organ. The description of the injury is that "based on most accurate assessment at autopsy, laparotomy, or radiological study." The pancreatic organ injury scale, as minimally modified, is:
Surgical treatment.
When there is no pancreatic duct injury, typically hemostasis and surgical drainage are the main form of treatment. Surgical repair is undertaken when there is evidence or suspicion of ductal injury. The type of surgery depends on the degree of the injury and its proximity to the mesenteric blood vessels that serve the pancreas. When injuries are not close to the mesenteric vessels, a distal pancreatectomy may be done; this procedure preserves much of the pancreas and usually avoids loss of its endocrine and exocrine functions. In severe cases of pancreaticoduodenal injury, a pancreaticoduodenectomy can be used. Common complications after surgery include pancreatitis, pancreatic fistula, abscess, and pseudocyst formation. Initial management of hemorrhage includes controlling it by packing the wound.
History.
The first recorded case of pancreatic injury was published in "The Lancet" in 1827. At the time, death as a result of injury was deemed to be "universal." The first successful surgery to repair a transected pancreas was performed in 1904 by Garré, who reported the case the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="36636362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636362" title="2002 Fed Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group II – Pool A">
2002 Fed Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group II – Pool A

Group A of the 2002 Fed Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group II is one of four pools in the Europe/Africa Zone Group II of the 2002 Fed Cup. Three teams competed in a round robin competition, with the team placings determining where they will be positioned within the play-offs.

</doc>
<doc id="36636371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636371" title="The Honeymoon Killers (American band)">
The Honeymoon Killers (American band)

The Honeymoon Killers were an American noise rock band from New York City, formed in 1984. Their name is taken from the 1970 crime film "The Honeymoon Killers". The band was started by Jerry Teel and Lisa Wells, but they were accompanied by Michael O'Neill and Claire Lawrence-Slater on their first album. Later line-ups would consist of members of like-minded bands such as Boss Hog, Pussy Galore, and the Jon Spencer Blues Explosion. The Honeymoon Killers' sound is deeply rooted in the blues, earning them comparisons to The Cramps, whom Teel has great admiration for. The group disbanded in 1994, with its leader Jerry Teel joining the Chrome Cranks.

</doc>
<doc id="36636373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636373" title="Mattias Hubrich">
Mattias Hubrich

Mattias Hubrich (born 1966) is an alpine skier from New Zealand. 
He competed for New Zealand at the 1984 Winter Olympics at Sarajevo; and came 17th in the Slalom. 
He competed for New Zealand at the 1988 Winter Olympics at Calgary; and came 22nd in the Slalom and 24th in the Super G but did not finish in the Giant Slalom. 
He is a brother of 1984 alpine skier Markus Hubrich.

</doc>
<doc id="36636375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636375" title="Thierry Fabre">
Thierry Fabre

Thierry Fabre (born 5 March 1982 in Montpellier, France) is a French judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -100 kg event and lost in the second round to Naidangiin Tüvshinbayar.
Fabre won the bronze medal at the 2010 World Championships (-100kg).

</doc>
<doc id="36636377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636377" title="János Vajda">
János Vajda

János Vajda (Miskolc, 8 October 1949) is a Hungarian composer.
Works, editions, recordings.
Operas
Recordings:

</doc>
<doc id="36636395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636395" title="Nihel Cheikh Rouhou">
Nihel Cheikh Rouhou

Nihel Cheikh Rouhou (Arabic: نهال شيخ روحو ; born 5 January 1987 in Sfax, Tunisia) is a Tunisian judoka. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the +78 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36636405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636405" title="George Thomas Gahan">
George Thomas Gahan

Cr. George Tomas Gahan JP (21 July 191224 June 1980) was an Australian politician and Victorian amateur boxer. He was born in Inglewood, Victoria to Benjamin Edward Gahan and Emma Gahan "née Walker". The Gahan family later moved to the Melbourne suburb of Prahran where George became a building contractor. At a young age George began training as an amateur boxer. In his mid 30's Gahan attempted to join the Australian Army and defend his country in World War II. Despite being rejected by army due to a duodenal ulcer, Gahan applied a second time, only be to turned away again. This tenacious streak proved to be a valuable attribute as George again turned his focus towards amateur boxing, winning a Yarraville boxing competition and in 1949 in the final of the Welter division was beaten by the Australian champion Bill Seewitz. George had his last fight at 42 years of age when he was stopped in the 2nd round by his opponent 20 years his junior. George's tenacity and fighting talent soon shifted from the boxing ring to the political arena, becoming known as Prahran's "George the Giant Killer". From 1957 to 1959, George Gahan was the president of the Prahran-South Yarra branch of the Helping Hand League of Victoria; now known as Inclusion Melbourne.
Political career.
City of Prahran.
Councillor
Mayor
Determined to fight for a seat on the City of Prahran council to improve its service to the people of the area, George Gahan became the Labor Party candidate for the South Yarra Ward in 1954. His campaign slogan was "Vote for George the Giant Killer – Vote George Gahan 1". Former mayor of Prahran Fred Farrall recalled: "Up until 1953 all appeared quiet on the Town Hall front ... But one morning when I was walking to the railway station along Osborne Street on my way to work, I noticed a Holden utility advertising a chap named George Gahan as the Labor candidate for the South Yarra ward in the forthcoming elections. It attracted me because of the working Vote for George the Giant Killer – Vote George Gahan 1. I thought that was great, and made up my mind there and then, or by the time I reached the station, that I would offer the 'Giant Killer' my support". Gahan was defeated in 1954, and again in 1955, 1956, and 1957. In 1958, despite having lost the council election four times previously, Gahan's tenacity drove him to once again make an attempt to be elected by the residents of South Yarra ward; it was this last attempt that proved successful. For fifteen years Cr. George Gahan represented South Yarra on the Prahran City council. Gahan was elected mayor of Prahran twice, in 1965 and 1970.
1961 Victorian State Election.
Candidate for Prahran
George Gahan was elected by the Australian Labor Party to be their candidate for the 1961 Victorian Legislative Assembly seat of Prahran. Prahran had been held by the Liberal Party and Australian Cricket champion and Sam Loxton since 1955. On May Day 1961 George Gahan declared: ""The hour is right for a dramatic rise of the Labor Party ready and willing to work for a new deal for workers"".
Cr. Gahan campaigned in Prahran against the conservative Victorian government of Sir Henry Bolte and their record on housing and unemployment. In his May Day address Gahan declared:"The Premier is a very worried little man these days with the knowledge that 22 of his 30 seats in the House depend on the preferences of splinter groups. The hour is right for a dramatic rise of the Labor party ready and willing to work for a new deal for workers. The economy is going on to the rocks. Almost 100,000 workers are unemployed and thousands more are working part time. Prices are rising daily while wages remain at a low level.
George Gahan was not only concerned for the workers and unemployed, he actively campaigned for the many pensioners of Prahran, whom he argued were facing rising rents and were increasingly being evicted from their homes. According to Gahan, ""Some businessmen gave money to the Bolte government to enable it to assist they payment of pensioners rents and help it bluff its way through the elections"".
On election day Labor's George Gahan received the largest number of votes, achieving 45.29% of the primary vote, ahead of the sitting Liberal Party member Sam Loxton whose primary vote fell to 41.69%. Despite winning the popular vote, George lost the election due to the preferential voting method used in Victorian state elections. The Liberal Party was aided by preferences from the Democratic Labor Party (DLP), which had broken away from the Australian Labor Party during the 1950s claiming that the root organisation was too soft towards communism; fears of left-wing influence was causing great concern in Australian society at the time. After DLP preferences were counted the Liberal Party's Sam Loxton won with a reduced two party preferred vote of 52.71%. While the hour may have indeed been right for a "dramatic rise of the Labor Party" in Victoria, George's vision was not realized until two years after his death when the Australian Labor Party regained the Victorian Government in 1982. 
Election Scandals
As the Cold War dragged on, the Australian Leftwing remained deeply divided and the split within the Australian Labor Party continued to grow. Labor Party candidates were not only being challenged by the conservative Liberal Party, but were facing a major challenge from their former comrades who had split and joined the increasingly powerful Democratic Labor Party. This provided fertile ground for a boisterous and scandalous 1961 Victorian State election campaign. 
Several days before the 1961 Victorian election, the Victorian Premier Henry Bolte gave an address at a Liberal Party election forum being held in the Prahran Town Hall on Chapel Street. Just before the meeting at Prahran Town Hall opened, a Labor party 'street meeting' was held near the town hall. As the Premier began to address and audience of 500 citizens gathered at Prahran Town Hall, the meeting descended into chaos and speakers' voices were drowned out by continuous heckling. As Premier Bolte attempted to deliver his speech over the noise of hecklers, the public address system and national radio broadcast broke down. The Premier later declared that the radio and speaker systems had been victim to sabotage. As scuffles and arguments broke out at the public gathering, four policemen intervened with one man being escorted from the Prahran Town Hall by police. The Premier Henry Bolte declared it "a wicked attempt to keep him off the air" pointing the finger directly at the Australian Labor Party of Prahran and suggesting that there were more Labor supporters at his meeting than had ever attended a meeting for the leader of the opposition Mr Stoneham. Sir Henry Bolte told the press:"Look at this rabbel, this is the Labor Party. They are here tonight to disrupt this meeting simply because they know that Sam Loxton will win Prahran. They are a poor lot of losers. The people of Victoria wouldn't hand over to this spectacle we have here...This is the element which would ask you to let them govern the state. They are booing everything that is decent". 
Election Day Court Injunction 
In 1961 the common understanding of the abbreviation "L.C.P" in Victoria was that of the "Liberal and County Parties". On the day of the Victorian state election in 1961 how-to-vote cards baring the words "Vote with the L.C.P" and printed in the Liberal and Country Party colours of red, white and blue were distributed at polling booths in the seat of Prahran. However, instead of directing people to vote for the Liberal Country Parties' candidate Sam Loxton, they directed people to vote for Cr. George Gahan. The card also bore the words: "Authorised by E. M. Bennett, 415 Malvern Road, Prahran, President of Ladies' Campaign Panel of Ratepayers' Association". Voters who were intending to vote for the Liberal and Country Parties' (L.C.P) candidate picked up the "Ladies Campaign Panel" card and voted instead for Labor's George Gahan.
After and hour and a quarter of voting a female voter at Prahran town hall made a complaint about the misleading how-to-vote cards. In an unprecedented move in Victorian electoral history, Justice Adam issued a court injunction restraining Mrs Bennett from publishing the misleading how-to-vote cards and ordered police to stop anyone distributing them. The Liberal Country Parties' candidate Sam Loxton said the injunction was too late and that much of the damage would have already been done.
Despite the "Ladies Campaign Panel" being a part of the ""Prahran Ratepayers Association"" of which George Gahan was the president, no link between the misleading how-to-vote cards and the Labor Party or George Gahan was ever proven. When asked about the incident all George Gahan said that it was only unfortunate that his name appeared first on the cards.
Political descendants.
Two of Gahan's sons became councillors on the City of Prahran, and his grandson was a known political lobbyist for lesbian and gay rights. 
Amateur boxing.
George Gahan was a keen amateur boxer for 24 years and became known as George 'Grandpa' Gahan. At 39, Gahan was a finalist in the Gippsland Championships in Dandenong. In 1952, at 42 years of age, he competed in his last tournament and went down fighting, losing to Australian champion and British Empire Games silver medallist Bill Seewitz. Gahan was elected to the board of the Victorian Amateur Boxing Association and served on it for a number of years.

</doc>
<doc id="36636420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636420" title="Iryna Kindzerska">
Iryna Kindzerska

Iryna Kindzerska (born 13 June 1991 in Kamianets-Podilskyi, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian judoka. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the +78 kg event.
Some references point to the fact that Iryna was born in Bakota, Ukraine. The little town of Bakota has officially disappeared in 1981 as it was submerged by waters of the Dniester Reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="36636433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636433" title="The Honeymoon Killers (disambiguation)">
The Honeymoon Killers (disambiguation)

The Honeymoon Killers is a 1970 American film.
The Honeymoon Killers may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36636437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636437" title="Women's football in Sweden">
Women's football in Sweden

Women's football in Sweden is one of the traditional powers of women's football.
National competition.
Damallsvenskan is the national competition for women footballers in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="36636448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636448" title="Elena Ivashchenko">
Elena Ivashchenko

Elena Ivashchenko (28 December 1984 – 15 June 2013) was a Russian judoka.
Biography.
Ivashchenko was born in Omsk, Russia on 28 December 1984.
She won a silver medal (2008) and two bronze medals (2007, 2011) at the World Judo Championships (and World Open Judo Championships). She also had four gold medals (2007, 2009, 2011, 2012) and one bronze medal (2006) at the European Judo Championships. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the +78 kg event and lost in the repechage to Iryna Kindzerska.
She committed suicide in Tyumen, Russia, at the age of 28 on 15 June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36636460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636460" title="2012 Open Diputación Ciudad de Pozoblanco">
2012 Open Diputación Ciudad de Pozoblanco

The 2012 Open Diputación Ciudad de Pozoblanco was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was part of the Tretorn SERIE+ of the 2012 ATP Challenger Tour. It takes place in Pozoblanco, Spain between August 6 and 12, 2012.
Singles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="36636462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636462" title="Old City Hall (Aalborg)">
Old City Hall (Aalborg)

The Old City Hall at Gammeltorv Aalborg, Denmark, was built in 1762 and served as city hall until 1912. It is located at Gammeltorv and is now only used for ceremonial and representative purposes.
Building.
The city hall was built by master builder Daniel Popp, who had moved to Aalborg from Copenhagen, and was modelled on Johan Conrad Ernst's City Hall there, which was later completely destroyed in the Copenhagen Fire of 1795. This was a specific requirement from Iver Holck, the county governor ("amtmand") at Aalborghus.
Designed in the Late Baroque style, the building consists of two storeys and a cellar under a black-glazed tile roof. The yellow-washed facade is decorated with white pilasters and a frontispiece featuring the Danish coat of arms and a bust of King Frederick V. His motto, "Prudentia et Constantia", is also seen above the main entrance. The well-preserved door is a local example of the Rococo style. The building was listed by the Danish Heritage Agency in 1918.
Current use.
The Old City Hall is today only used for wedding ceremonies and representative purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="36636464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636464" title="Huriana Manuel">
Huriana Manuel

Huriana Manuel (b. 16 February 1985) is a New Zealand female rugby union player. She plays for the Black Ferns, the New Zealand women's sevens team and Auckland. She is the current captain of the New Zealand women's sevens team. Manuel was part of the Black Ferns squad that won the 2010 Women's Rugby World Cup and the New Zealand women's sevens team at the 2009 Rugby World Cup Sevens.
Manuel's mother, Liza Mihinui, is a former Black Fern. They are the first mother and daughter to play for the Black Ferns.

</doc>
<doc id="36636484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636484" title="Volkswagen Polo R WRC">
Volkswagen Polo R WRC

The Volkswagen Polo R WRC is a World Rally Car built and operated by Volkswagen Motorsport and based on the Volkswagen Polo for use in the World Rally Championship. The car, which made its debut at the start of the 2013 season, is built to the second generation of World Rally Car regulations that were introduced 2011, which are based upon the existing Super 2000 regulations, but powered by a turbocharged 1.6-litre engine rather than the normally aspirated 2-litre engine found in Super 2000 cars.
The Polo R WRC marks Volkswagen's second entry into the World Rally Championship as a manufacturer. Volkswagen Motorsport had previously entered the Volkswagen Golf GTI and GTI 16V in rallies between 1983 and 1988 with some success, including six podium finishes and a win at the 19ème Rallye Côte d'Ivoire during the 1987 season. The company also made the Volkswagen Golf Mk3 and Mk4 available as a kit car to privateer entries during the Group A era from 1993 to 1997, though its use was mostly limited to national championships.
The car was extremely successful in its debut season, winning ten of the thirteen rallies it contested. Sébastien Ogier won the FIA World Rally Championship for Drivers, whilst Volkswagen Motorsport secured the FIA World Rally Championship for Manufacturers.
Competition history.
Development (2011—12).
The Polo R WRC was officially unveiled in May 2011, and spent the next eighteen months in testing, with two-time World Rally Champion Carlos Sainz, Sébastien Ogier—who was recruited to the team from the Citroën World Rally Team at the end of the 2011 season—and Volkswagen's testing and development driver Dieter Depping carrying out development in Norway, Finland, Germany, Spain and Mexico to simulate the conditions the car would encounter in competition. The testing phase was not without incident; the team signed Ford's Jari-Matti Latvala in October 2012, but his first test in Mexico was cut short when he collided with a passenger car whilst travelling on public roads between stages. No-one was seriously injured in the crash, but the car was too damaged to continue testing. Further testing also took place in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur to prepare the cars for the unique snow and tarmac roads used in the Monte Carlo Rally, the first event of the 2013 season.
The car was originally intended to make its debut at the 2012 Rally d'Italia in Sardegna, but these plans were abandoned in favour of continuing development, and the car was submitted to the FIA in November for homologation. Parallel to this, Volkswagen Motorsport entered two Škoda Fabias built to Super 2000 specifications in twelve rounds of the 2012 season—and a third car in the 2012 Rallye Deutschland—to develop experience in running a World Rally Championship team. As the team was not competing with a World Rally Car, they were ineligible for championship points. The final build of the Polo R WRC was formally launched in December 2012 in Monaco.
Competition debut (2013).
Two cars driven by Sébastien Ogier and Jari-Matti Latvala contested the full 2013 season of the World Rally Championship. Andreas Mikkelsen competed part-time throughout 2013 in a third car that was entered under the name "Volkswagen Motorsport II". Mikkelsen was entered separately to allow him an additional thirty days of testing for the year, rather than having to share the existing test quota for manufacturer teams with Ogier and Latvala.
In its debut season, the car scored six wins in its first eight rallies. After finishing second on the Rallye Monte Carlo, Sébastien Ogier went on to win the rallies of Sweden, Mexico, and Portugal. Jari-Matti Latvala scored his first win for Volkswagen in Greece. Following concerns that the cost of moving to a new specification for the 2014 season would drive Ford and Citroën out of the category, Volkswagen successfully lobbied to keep the current car spec for another year. Ogier continued his winning streak with victories in the Rally d'Italia Sardegna, Rally of Finland, and had the opportunity to secure the FIA World Rally Championship for Drivers at the Rally Deutschland. However, a mistake on the first leg forced him into retirement, and while he re-entered the following day under the Rally-2 regulations, doing so came with an automatic five-minute time penalty and Ogier finished seventeenth overall. Despite this, Ogier won the rally's power stage, and as a result, would go on to score points in every round of the championship.
Ogier had another opportunity to win the title in Australia, but Qatar World Rally Team driver Thierry Neuville—by this point, the only driver still in mathematical contention for the championship—finished the rally second overall, forcing the title fight to go unresolved until the next round in France. Ogier needed to out-score Neuville by just a single point to be declared the 2013 champion. He achieved on the first stage of the rally, which in a break with tradition, was run as the event's power stage. Ogier went on to win the rally, and finished the season with two more wins in Spain, where a second place finish for team-mate Latvala was enough to secure the Manufacturers' title for Volkswagen, and Wales, where Latvala against finished second.
At the end of the season, the Polo R WRC had won ten of the thirteen rallies it entered, finished on the podium eight more times, and secured both the Drivers' and Manufacturers' championships at the first attempt. In doing so, Ogier and Volkswagen broke Sébastien Loeb and Citroën's streak of nine consecutive World Drivers' and Manufacturers' Championship titles respectively.
Title defence (2014).
In anticipation of its title defence in 2014, development of the car continued through the 2013-2014 off-season, with the team introducing a series of performance updates to the car ahead of the 2014 Rallye Monte Carlo. Sébastien Ogier and Jari-Matti Latvala remained with the team, whilst Andreas Mikkelsen's programme was expanded to include more events.
The car's domination continued, winning the first six rallies of the season. Ogier overcame difficult conditions to win in Monte Carlo by over a minute, before going on to win in Mexico, Portugal, Italy, and Poland, while Jari-Matti Latvala claimed wins in Sweden and Argentina. Andreas Mikkelsen scored his first podium at the World Championship level in Sweden, followed by a second in Poland, and finishing in the points in every rally. Latvala's win in Argentina, the ninth consecutive win by the Polo R WRC, broke the previous record of eight consecutive rally victories set by the Citroën DS3 WRC in 2011.
Second generation (2015).
The second generation of the Polo R WRC was put into development in early 2014, in anticipation of a 2015 debut, with an ongoing development schedule planned to take the second generation car through to the next revision of the technical regulations in 2017.
Use in other series.
World Rallycross Championship.
A variation of the Polo R WRC known as the Volkswagen Polo RX Supercar was entered by Volkswagen Marklund Motorsport and the VW Dealer Team Sweden in the inaugural season of the FIA World Rallycross Championship. The car was also eligible to compete in rounds of the FIA European Rallycross Championship accepting Supercar entries, and the Global Rallycross Championship after the series adopted Supercar regulations. The car was homologated under World Rally Car regulations and modified to fit the series' Supercar regulations, allowing for a two-litre engine with supercharger and a air restrictor. The radiator was relocated to the rear of the car to cope with the demands of competition. The Citroën DS3 WRC and Hyundai i20 WRC were similarly converted over to World Rallycross regulations owing to their existing homologations as World Rally Cars.
China Touring Car Championship.
A Volkswagen Polo was entered into the China Touring Car Championship by the Shanghai VW 333 Racing Team from the 2011 season onwards. The car, known as the Volkswagen Polo 1.6T—so named for its , turbocharged engine—was entered under the series' Super Production rules, based on the existing Super 2000 and Super 1600 regulations for touring cars and rally cars. Following the competition debut of the Polo R WRC in 2013, the Polo 1.6T's aerodynamic package was updated to reflect the Polo R WRC, though the 1.6T name was retained to distinguish it.
Complete World Rally Championship results.
In detail.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="36636505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636505" title="Faicel Jaballah">
Faicel Jaballah

Faicel (or Faycal) Jaballah () (born 1 May 1988 in Nafta, Tunisia) is a Tunisian judoka. He is 1,96 m tall and weighs 130 kg.
Achievements.
At the 2011 All-Africa Games in Maputo, Faicel won a gold medal in +100 kg category.
Faicel competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the +100 kg event, he defeated Yerzhan Shynkeyev before being eliminated by the 2011 world champion Teddy Riner.
Faicel was qualified to the 2013 World Judo Championships in Rio. He computed in the category +100kg, and defeated respectively Roy Meyer and Islam El Shehaby before being defeated by Andreas Tölzer in the final match of the pool B.
In Repechage, Faicel defeated Ryu Shichinohe and qualified to a new match against Adam Okruashvili for the third place in +100 kg category. He finished the competition in the third place with Andreas Tölzer, and by this result he reached the best achievement in his career.

</doc>
<doc id="36636517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636517" title="Yerzhan Shynkeyev">
Yerzhan Shynkeyev

Yerzhan Shynkeyev (born 4 March 1985 in Karaganda, Kazakhstan) is a Kazakhstani judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the +100 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36636522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636522" title="List of First Ladies of Guyana">
List of First Ladies of Guyana

The First Lady of Guyana is the title held by the wife of the President of Guyana. The current First Lady of Guyana is Deolatchmee Ramotar, wife of President Donald Ramotar.
First Ladies and Gentlemen of Guyana.
♦ Viola Burnham later served as Vice President of Guyana and deputy prime minister from 1985 to 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="36636531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636531" title="2012 Open Diputación Ciudad de Pozoblanco – Singles">
2012 Open Diputación Ciudad de Pozoblanco – Singles

Kenny de Schepper is the defending champion but lost in the first round this year.<br>
Roberto Bautista-Agut won the title, defeating Arnau Brugués-Davi 6–3, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36636535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636535" title="Stanislav Bondarenko">
Stanislav Bondarenko

Stanislav Bondarenko (born 29 August 1987 in Zaporizhia, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the +100 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36636546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636546" title="Darrel Castillo">
Darrel Castillo

Darrel Castillo (born 4 August 1992 in Livingston, Guatemala) is a Guatemalan judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the +100 kg event but lost to Daiki Kamikawa in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36636549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636549" title="Adam Okruashvili">
Adam Okruashvili

Adam Okruashvili (born 1 January 1989 in Tbilisi, Georgia) is a Georgian judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the +100 kg event. Okruashvili won silver in 2013 European Judo Championships and 2014 European Judo Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36636553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636553" title="Demodocus of Leros">
Demodocus of Leros

Demodocus () of Leros was an ancient Greek poet who is believed to have lived during the sixth century BCE. on the small island of Leros in the Aegean sea. He composed in elegiacs and iambs and appears to have specialized in gnomic poetry like his likely contemporary Phocylides. Little of his poetry survives, preserved in brief quotations by other authors, but it is possible that, like those of Phocylides, many of his gnomic utterances opened with the tag "And Demodocus says ...," as in the following assessment of Milesians:
M.L. West, who characterizes this couplet and similar fragments dealing with Demodocus' contemporary Lerians as "brilliant", notes that the poet's use of the elegiac couplet in poetry with an "epigrammatic air" is indicative of the meter's suitability for composing the pithy verse that would later become a hallmark of the classical epigram.

</doc>
<doc id="36636561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636561" title="Vlăduț Simionescu">
Vlăduț Simionescu

Vlăduț Simionescu (born 30 April 1990 in Iași, Romania) is a Romanian judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the +100 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36636569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636569" title="Iurii Krakovetskii">
Iurii Krakovetskii

Iurii Krakovetskii (born 27 August 1992 in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan) is a Kyrgyzstani judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the +100 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36636578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636578" title="New Brunswick (disambiguation)">
New Brunswick (disambiguation)

New Brunswick may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36636579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636579" title="John Sutherland Whitewright">
John Sutherland Whitewright

John Sutherland Whitewright (, September 5, 1858 in Edinburgh - January 10, 1926 in Tianjin) was a British Baptist missionary to China in the late 19th and early 20th century. He arrived in the city of Qingzhou, Shandong province in 1880 or in 1881. In 1886, he started a theological college in Qingzhou that would later develop into Gotch-Robinson Theological College. He directed the college with the assistance of Alfred G. Jones and J. Percy Bruce. In 1887, he established the Yidu Museum (named after the former Yidu County) in Qingzhou. In 1904, he moved with the museum to Jinan, where the museum became the Guangzhi Yuan. In 1917, he taught at the divinity school of Cheeloo University. His museum became a forerunner of the Shandong Provincial Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="36636581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636581" title="Luuk Verbij">
Luuk Verbij

Luuk Verbij (born 2 August 1986 in Alphen aan den Rijn, Netherlands) is a Dutch judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the +100 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36636588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636588" title="El Mehdi Malki">
El Mehdi Malki

El Mehdi Malki (born 1 January 1988 in Salé, Morocco) is a Moroccan judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the +100 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36636591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636591" title="Amyntianus">
Amyntianus

Amyntianus () was the author of a work on Alexander the Great, which was dedicated to the Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius, the style of which Photios I of Constantinople thought disparagingly of. He also wrote the life of Olympias, the mother of Alexander, and a few other biographies. The Scholiast on Pindar refers to a work of Amyntianus on elephants.

</doc>
<doc id="36636592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636592" title="Eduardo de la Peña">
Eduardo de la Peña

Eduardo María de la Peña (born 7 June 1955) is a retired football midfielder who played most of his career in the Uruguayan Primera División. He also played for Uruguay in the 1979 Copa América.
Career.
Born in Minas, De la Peña began playing professional football with Club Nacional de Football in 1976. The same year the Nacional midfielder won the local championship.
In 1982, De la Peña moved to Mexico to play for Mexican Primera División side Tecos de la UAG. Two seasons later, he went to Argentina to play for Argentine Primera División side Club Atlético Huracán.
De la Peña played in the Uruguay national football team for four years, making 19 appearances and scoring one goal. He participated in the 1979 Copa América.

</doc>
<doc id="36636595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636595" title="Little Wood River Dam">
Little Wood River Dam

Little Wood River Dam (National ID # ID00041) is a dam in Blaine County, Idaho, about ten miles northwest of Carey.
The earthen dam was originally constructed from 1936 to 1939 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation as a flood control and irrigation storage project, then modified in 1960. The dam impounds the Little Wood River, is 129 feet tall, and is 3100 feet long at its crest. The 1960 modification included the installation of a one-unit hydroelectric power plant that generates 3 megawatts. The dam is owned by the Bureau and is operated by the local Little Wood River Irrigation District.
The reservoir it creates, Little Wood River Reservoir, has a maximum capacity of 30,000 acre-feet and about nine miles of shoreline. Recreation includes fishing (for rainbow, cutthroat, and brook trout), hunting, boating, camping and hiking.

</doc>
<doc id="36636597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636597" title="Thormodur Jonsson">
Thormodur Jonsson

Þormóður Árni Jónsson (often transliterated as Thormodur Arni Jonsson) (born 2 March 1983 in Reykjavík, Iceland) is an Icelandic judoka. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the +100kg category and lost in the round of 16 to Mohammad Reza Roudaki. Four years later in the 2012 Summer Olympics he again took part in the +100 kg tournament but lost in his first match to Rafael Silva.

</doc>
<doc id="36636610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636610" title="Cédric Mandembo">
Cédric Mandembo

Cédric Mandembo (born 4 April 1984 in Kinshasa, DR Congo) is a DR Congolese judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the +100 kg event but lost to eventual silver medalist Alexander Mikhaylin in the first round.
Mandembo and three other members of the DR Congo delegation to the London Olympics were reported missing on 13 August 2012, the day after the closing ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="36636613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636613" title="En rhythme molossique">
En rhythme molossique

En rhythme molossique ("In molossian rhythm") is the second of the Études in the minor keys, Op. 39 for solo piano by the French composer Charles-Valentin Alkan, published in 1846. It is in D minor. The piece is in rondo form, with two episodes, and is mostly driven by the rhythm .
Ronald Smith compares the theme, involving loud octaves in canon, to the minuet from Joseph Haydn's string quartet, Op. 76 No. 2.
The first episode is lighter in mood, but the rhythm is still pervasive.
In the second episode, the rhythm dissolves into a crotchet followed by a minim, and flowing semiquavers appear throughout.
The original theme returns only after the second episode concludes, in double counterpoint with the second episode, and the climax then occurs with both episodes being combined. Finally, the flowing semiquavers of the second episode reappear once more in the coda in D major, with the rhythm being repeated over and over again in the bass, and the work ends, referencing Beethoven's "Tempest" sonata, also in D minor.
Kaikhosru Shapurji Sorabji considered this piece to be one the 'most original' of the op. 39 set, 'the dour, harsh, heavy brutality of the rhythm is magnificently expressed.'

</doc>
<doc id="36636620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636620" title="Jake Andrewartha">
Jake Andrewartha

Jake Andrewartha (born 24 December 1989 in Clare, Australia) is an Australian judoka. He competed at the 2012 London Olympics in the +100 kg event.
Junior career.
Jake Andrewartha started judo at 9 years old and made the Australian team in 2004 at the age of 14. He would go on to compete at his first Junior World Championships in 2006, which would then led to his success in the senior division.
Senior career.
Andrewartha would eventually rise to the No.1 ranking in Australia by then end of 2008 at the age of 18, a position that he has held ever since. In 2009, Andrewartha became the youngest Australian to ever win an International Judo Federation World Cup, which was in Samoa.
After a number of consistent results, including a 9th place at the 2010 World Championships in Japan, Andrewartha ultimately qualified for the 2012 London Olympics. At the end of 2012, he became the first Australian to win the Welsh Open.
In 2013, Andrewartha completed another successful year which included 1st place at the Oceania Championships, National Championships, and 2nd place at the Oceania Open in Samoa.

</doc>
<doc id="36636626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636626" title="Port sausage">
Port sausage

Port sausage (Persian: سوسیس بندری, "Sosis Bandari") is an Iranian food, usually served in sandwich shops in Iran in the form of a sub or meal. It contains sausage, onion, tomato paste, ground chilli pepper and other spices. The Dehkhoda Dictionary of the Persian language defines port sausage as very hot and spicy sausage which is common in Khuzestan Province.
Terminology.
The word "bandar" means port and "bandari" means "from the port". While there are many ports in Iran, the word is usually used to refer to southern Iranian port cities and towns of the Persian Gulf. Sosis Bandari means "sausage from the port" or port style sausage.
Ingredients.
The main ingredients include sliced sausage, sliced onions, tomato paste, and ground chilli. Optional ingredients may include turmeric, chopped green pepper, diced potato, curry and lime juice. The sausages usually used for this dish taste like Polish kielbasa, smoked sausage and hotdog.
Serving and use.
Port sausage is a hot thick stew, usually used as a filling for submarine or baguette sandwiches. When used as a meal, it is usually served with submarine or baguette bread, sliced kosher dills and sliced tomatoes. Medium- and lower-class fast food or sandwich shops in Iran usually have port sausage (sosis bandari) on their menu.
Popularity.
Port sausage is very popular among high school and college students in Iran, as it is usually very cheap and inexpensive. While famous for being cheap and prepared from low-quality ingredients, the taste and popularity keep people interested after school and college time. It is considered a nostalgic cuisine among Iranian immigrants and can be found in some Persian restaurants outside Iran as well.

</doc>
<doc id="36636628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636628" title="Sambalpur (Odisha Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Sambalpur (Odisha Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Sambalpur (Sl. No.: 17) is a Vidhan Sabha constituency of Sambalpur district, Odisha.
This constituency include Sambalpur, Hirakud and Burla
Elected Members.
Fifteen elections held during 1951 to 2014. List of members elected from this constituency are:
2014 Election Result.
In 2014 election Biju Janata Dal candidate Reseswari Panigrahi, defeated Bharatiya Janata Party candidate Jayanarayan Mishra by a margin of 9,958 votes.
2009 Election Result.
In 2009 election Bharatiya Janata Party candidate Jayanarayan Mishra, defeated Indian National Congress candidate Sureswar Mishra by a margin of 7,010 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="36636637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636637" title="Christopher Sherrington">
Christopher Sherrington

Christopher Sherrington (born 21 October 1983 in Ormskirk, England) is an English judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the +100 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36636645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636645" title="Gospel Claws (EP)">
Gospel Claws (EP)

The Gospel Claws EP is the first studio recording released by the indie rock band Gospel Claws. It was released on February 16, 2009 by Common Wall Media.
Album information.
Members of Gospel Claws that appear on this record are: Joel Marquard, Scott Hall, Wesley Hilsabeck, John Michael Mulhern, and Sloan Walters. This album was produced and recorded at Flying Blanket Recording by Bob Hoag.
This record's cover art was created and designed by Chuckie Duff at Common Wall Media. According to Duff, he designed the cover "in Apple Motion, dropped it out to old VHS cam and then took a picture of the TV."
Reception.
Critical reception.
This first recorded effort received modest to positive reviews. 
The reviewer at Absolutepunk was quite impressed by Gospel Claws' debut recording. In the Gospel Claws EP, he found "catchy hooks, impressive instrumentation, and solid harmonies.". In the end , he found it "extremely impressive to hear something so refreshing within today’s music scene. Not one filler track can be found on here." Brandon Nolta at Boise Weekly was equally impressed, enjoying its "new-retro vibe like the Strokes without falling down the fuzzy production rabbit hole." Finding that "even their weak stuff is stronger than a lot of bands can manage" he would conclude that Gospel Claws is "well worth your currency, no matter how inscrutable their name."
This record caught a bit of attention among the college radio stations as well. At WLUR (Washington and Lee's radio station), the critic found that while "isn't a change-your-life-it's-so-good band, . . . they're doing something worth acknowledging and checking out." While making comparisons to the likes of My Morning Jacket, Tom Waits, and Camera Obscura, Georgetown University's WGTB radio found that for their first EP, Gospel Claws still seemed to be doing a lot of experimenting. WRUV at the University of Vermont tended to agree, that this EP showed that the group was still experimenting with its sound, but still really enjoyed the "edginess/uniqueness of the last track– 'Don’t Let it Die'"

</doc>
<doc id="36636646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636646" title="Shalamar Nursing College">
Shalamar Nursing College

Shalamar Nursing College (abbreviated as SCN), established in 2006 and named after the historical Shalimar Gardens, is a private college of nursing located on Shalimar Link Road, Shalimar Town, Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. The college provides an undergraduate 4 years B.Sc Nursing degree and a postgraduate 2 years RN B.Sc Nursing degree.
The college is registered with Pakistan Nursing Council (PNC), World Health Organisation (WHO) and Avicenna Directories, one of the only three nursing colleges affiliated with University of Health Sciences (UHS), and approved by Ministry of Health. Shalamar Hospital is attached as training and teaching hospital, while Shalamar Medical and Dental College (SMDC) shares the campus with the college.
History.
A trust by the name of the Businessmen Hospital Trust (BHT) was established in 1974 for the creation of a composite medical complex. The project was to comprise a charitable hospital, a research center and schools of medicine and surgery, dentistry, nursing and pharmacy. Shalamar Hospital was established in 1982, followed by a nursing school in 2006. Construction of Shalamar Medical and Dental College started in 2007. In 2009, construction of campus was finished and academics began in late January 2011.
Courses.
The college provides an undergraduate 4 years B.Sc Nursing degree and a postgraduate 2 years RN B.Sc Nursing degree.
Teaching hospital.
Shalamar Hospital, established in 1982, is a 350-bedded private teaching hospital is attached with the nursing college for clinical training of the students. It is primed to support all the needs of patients, especially the lower income population of Lahore. The hospital provides consultation, diagnostic and treatment services for almost all medical and surgical specialties through its hospital based clinical services and community programme.

</doc>
<doc id="36636660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636660" title="Happy Endings (season 3)">
Happy Endings (season 3)

The third and final season of Happy Endings, an American television series. ABC officially renewed "Happy Endings" for a third season on May 11, 2012. It was also announced it would move to a new time-slot on Tuesdays at 9:00pm, as a lead-in to "Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23". The season premiered on October 23, 2012. On February 13, 2013, ABC announced that, starting March 29, 2013, the series would move to Fridays at 8:00-9:00 p.m ET/PT with back-to-back original episodes. The series finale aired on May 3, 2013.
ABC's scheduling of Happy Endings's third and final season was labeled the "Worst TV Strategy" of the 2012-13 television season.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>
Production.
ABC officially renewed "Happy Endings" for a third season on May 11, 2012. It was also announced it would move to a new time-slot on Tuesdays at 9:00pm, as a lead-in to "Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23". It premiered on October 23, 2012.
The first six episodes of the season aired in Canada on City, two days prior to the American broadcasts airing on ABC. "KickBall 2: The Kickening", an episode from season two that previously did not air on ABC, made its debut as part of the third season on ABC and CityTV on January 13, 2013, despite having aired internationally as part of season two.
On December 4, 2012, ABC announced that on Tuesday, March 26, 2013, Dancing with the Stars would re-take the Tuesday 9 PM hour, leaving the fate of unaired episodes unclear. On December 21, 2012, ABC announced that new episodes of both "Happy Endings" and "Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23" will replace the cancelled drama "666 Park Avenue" for three weeks on January 6, January 13, and January 20 while maintaining its current timeslot. Only 2 of the 3 scheduled episodes aired on the Sunday timeslot.
On January 22, 2013 ABC announced that it has removed "Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23" from the schedule and would instead air back-to-back "Happy Endings" concurrently on Tuesdays, but it was removed from the timeslot after episodes 12 and 13 aired. However, on February 13, 2013, ABC announced that, starting March 29, the series would move to Fridays at 8:00-9:00 p.m ET/PT with back-to-back original episodes.
On April 19, ABC preempted its primetime programming in favor of covering the Boston manhunt, after the Boston Marathon bombings, pushing back the season finale date to May 3, 2013.
Reception.
Critical Reception.
The third season of Happy Endings continued the series' critical acclaim. In regards to the premiere, David Sims of the "The AV Club" stated "In a TV landscape increasingly dotted with low-concept ensemble comedies that are trying to be all whip-smart and funny, it’s nice to have "Happy Endings" back to put ’em all in their place." Verne Gay of "Newsday" said that "Happy Endings", cast and all, has now officially jelled. The show exists on the same cosmic (and comic) TV plane as "Scrubs," "Arrested Development" and that other late bloomer, "Cougar Town." Maureen Ryan of "The Huffington Post" stated that "Happy Endings" has so many things going for it that the occasional weak story line or meh scene is not a big deal at all. It's one of the sharpest and warm-hearted comedies on the air, and I enjoy it a lot more than "Modern Family..." Clay Sublett of "Splitsider" said that "If ABC is willing to give them a chance, Happy Endings can come back in season four and fill the hole "30 Rock" will leave in our hearts."
At the end of the third season, with the show facing possible cancellation due to low ratings, "Rolling Stone" declared that the show was "the most underrated, under-watched series on TV, that may also be the funniest", and went on to say "Despite flying under the radar, Happy Endings has stayed afloat for three seasons by earning both critical acclaim and a devote fan following. Blending comedic elements of "Friends", "Arrested Development" and "30 Rock", it manages to serve up something new and refreshing by being both consumed by and annoyed with the frenetic world we live in. It's biting, but easy to swallow – social commentary at its best."
DVD release.
Unlike the first two seasons of the show, the third season was released exclusively through Amazon's manufacture-on-demand program – where the content is custom burned onto DVD-R discs to fulfill orders sold directly to the consumer – rather than using the traditional business model of pressing batches of discs that ship to "brick and mortar" retailers. As is standard with MOD releases, the release contains no special features.

</doc>
<doc id="36636661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636661" title="Ásgeir Trausti">
Ásgeir Trausti

Ásgeir Trausti Einarsson (born in 1992) is an Icelandic solo singer-songwriter whose music is described as melodic folk. In his Icelandic releases, he was credited as Ásgeir Trausti. But more recently in 2013 with his launching as an international artist has started using his mononym Ásgeir as a recording name. Ásgeir performs with his own band Ásgeir Trausti Band. He also plays guitar in the Icelandic band The Lovely Lion.
Ásgeir's debut album is "Dýrð í dauðaþögn" released in 2012, the lead single from which, "Sumargestur", made number to number two on the Tónlist, an unofficial but widely quoted Icelandic Singles Chart, followed up with the single "Leyndarmál" (six weeks at number 1 on Tónlist) and the title track "Dýrð í dauðaþögn" from the album (three weeks at #1 on Tónlist).
He has had a Christmas hit with his song "Hvítir skór" in collaboration with Blaz Roca. The single stayed at the top of the Icelandic Singles Chart for 9 consecutive weeks in December 2012 to end of January 2013.
An English language version of "Dýrð í dauðaþögn" under the title "In the Silence" is scheduled for international release on 27 January 2014, but was made available online on iTunes on 28 October 2013. The American singer John Grant helped with the translation of the lyrics and re-production of the English language album. Based on online sales, the album has already charted in Belgium and Netherlands.
On 13 August 2013, Ásgeir released the video for "King and Cross", the debut single from the prospective album with John Grant appearing in the single release. The follow-up single "Going Home" has charted in France. The main release to coincide with the release of the album will be "Torrent", an English-language version of "Nýfallið regn".

</doc>
<doc id="36636664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636664" title="Rajib Ghosh">
Rajib Ghosh

Rajib Ghosh (born 12 July 1989 in West Bengal) is an Indian footballer who plays as a defender for Bhawanipore F.C..
Career.
Early career.
Rajib started playing football very early, when he was 6–7 years old. He played Nursery League for the Avenue Lake Gardens team where they finished runners up. He played as a midfielder in that tournament.
After that, he joined Ballygunge AC, a 5th Division team in Kolkata where he played as a stopper. He then switched over to Milan Samity next season, where he played for 2 years. There also he played in centre-back.
Then he moved to Khidirpur where he was there for 2 years. He played both as right back as well as defensive midfielder in that team. In his 2nd year in Khidirpur (2005–06), they reached the Super Division.
He first played CFL Premier Division in 2006-07 when he joined Port Trust. Alok Mukherjee was their coach. He used him in the left back.
Stanley Okoroigwe was in the Port Trust team that year. His best match that year was against Mohammedan S.C. in Kalyani Stadium. They were trailing by 1 goal but he played really well in that match. He later heard that he was about to be selected as the Man of the Match, but it was given to Felix who scored the equalizing goal late in the match. That match was in a way turning point of his career as after that match, he got the offer to play for Mohammedan S.C..
After that season, he got offer from Mohun Bagan and Salgaocar F.C., but he had to stay in Mohammedan since he had 2 more years on his contract with them.
After that, he played 1 year with East Bengal F.C..
Pailan Arrows.
After spending two years with Mohammedan, Ghosh join Pailan Arrows in the I-League and made his debut on 2 November 2011.
Mohun Bagan.
Ghosh signed for Mohun Bagan of the I-League on 14 May 2012. He played only 2 matches.
International.
While Rajib was in Mohammedan S.C., Colin Toal called him to the India U19 national camp in Goa. He was also part of the team which participated in 2008 AFC Youth Championship qualification where he played five matches.
Career Statistics.
Club.
"Statistics accurate as of 1 June 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="36636666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636666" title="Gerald M. Hayle">
Gerald M. Hayle

Gerald M. Hayle was an Australian film director and screenwriter. He made a number of industrial movies in Melbourne before moving into feature films in the late 1920s. None of his films were successful commercially.

</doc>
<doc id="36636678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636678" title="2012 Rogers Cup – Men's Doubles">
2012 Rogers Cup – Men's Doubles

Michaël Llodra and Nenad Zimonjić were the defending champions, but Llodra chose not to compete this year.<br>
Zimonjić played alongside Paul Hanley, but the lost to Bob and Mike Bryan in the quarterfinals, who won the tournament in the end against Marcel Granollers and Marc López 6–1, 4–6, [12–10].
Seeds.
All seeds receive a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36636681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636681" title="Cinnamon Air">
Cinnamon Air

Saffron Aviation, DBA Cinnamon Air is a Sri Lankan domestic airline, operating from a dedicated terminal at the Bandaranaike International Airport, Colombo to destinations around Sri Lanka. It commenced its daily scheduled operation in July 2013. Cinnamon Air’s fleet consists of two Cessna 208 Amphibian aircraft (seating eight passengers each) and one wheeled Cessna 208B Grand Caravan (seating 8 passengers in an executive configuration) that gives Cinnamon Air the flexibility to operate from any of the Domestic and International airports as well as from waterdromes in Sri Lanka.
Cinnamon Air currently operates daily scheduled flights to Colombo (Waters Edge and the Bandaranaike International Airport), Kandy, Batticaloa, Trincomalee, Dickwella, Koggala, and Sigiriya with a plan to expand its network to include destinations such as Nuwara Eliya and Kalpitiya. Cinnamon Air also operates private charters and scenic flights upon request. 
All Cinnamon Air scheduled flights operate in code share with SriLankan Airlines, consequent to which they are also be available for sale throughout the SriLankan Airlines network and all Travel Agents around the world via Global Distribution Systems, under a “UL” designated flight number.
Cinnamon Air, owned and operated by Saffron Aviation (Pvt) Limited, is a joint venture between Sri Lanka’s largest listed conglomerate, John Keells Holdings, MMBL Leisure Holdings (a part of the Mercantile Merchant Bank Group) and Phoenix Ventures (parent of the Brandix Group, Sri Lanka’s largest garment manufacturer). The Airline is based out of Katunayake where it operates a dedicated domestic terminal (within the precincts of the BIA) and also has its own purpose built hangar and maintenance facilities.
History.
The goal of the airline is to cover the cultural triangle of Sri Lanka; Colombo - Kandy - Hambantota(Yala). Flights to proposed destinations except Kandy will start in late 2012. The flight operations to Kandy will begin after the construction work at the Kandy Airport is done.
Fleet.
At the beginning the airline's fleet will consist of three aircraft; two Cessna 208 and one Cessna 208B Grand Caravan.

</doc>
<doc id="36636682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636682" title="Type 5 75 mm Tank Gun">
Type 5 75 mm Tank Gun

The Type 5 75 mm Tank Gun was used as the main armament of the Imperial Japanese Army Type 4 Chi-To prototype medium tank. It was one of the largest guns to be fitted on a World War II Japanese tank.
Design and use.
The Type 5 Tank Gun had a caliber of 75 mm and barrel length of 4.23 m (L56.4). The long-barreled gun was mounted in a large, hexagonal turret of the tank. The gun could be elevated between -6.5 to +20 degrees. It had a muzzle velocity of and an armor penetration of 75 millimeters at a range of 1,000 meters. The gun was a variant of the Japanese Type 4 75mm AA Gun which went into production in 1943.
The Type 4 Chi-To medium tank, in which the gun was mounted, was the most powerful prototype produced for the Imperial Japanese Army. However, the material and industrial shortages faced by Japan caused production of the Type 4 Chi-To to be delayed. Plans for mass-production by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries at a rate of 25 tanks per month at two different sites could not be realized. By 1945, a total of 6 tank chassis had been built and only two were actually completed. Therefore, neither the Type 5 75 mm Tank Gun nor the Type 4 Chi-To tank were ever mass-produced prior to the end of Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="36636683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636683" title="Amyris of Sybaris">
Amyris of Sybaris

Amyris () of Sybaris in Italy, surnamed "the Wise", whose son was one of the suitors of Agariste of Sicyon, at the beginning of the sixth century BCE. Amyris was sent by his fellow-citizens to consult the Delphic oracle. His reputation for wisdom gave rise to the proverb , "the wise man is mad".

</doc>
<doc id="36636684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636684" title="Reason Amplifier Company">
Reason Amplifier Company

Reason is an American company manufacturing boutique amplifiers. The company was founded in St. Charles, Missouri in 2008 by Obeid Khan, who helped turn around Crate Amplifiers, and Anthony Bonadio, a speaker cabinet builder. Their SM series of tube amplifiers includes four different amplifiers; the SM25, a three-channel amp with 6V6 tubes, was called a "killer amp" by "Vintage Guitar".

</doc>
<doc id="36636691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636691" title="Dakra massacre">
Dakra massacre

Dakra massacre () refers to the massacre of unarmed Hindu refugees at the village of Dakra, in the Bagerhat sub-division of Khulna District on 21 May 1971 by the Peace Committee members and the Razakars. The attackers were led by Rajab Ali Fakir, the chairman of the Bagerhat sub-divisional Peace Committee. More than 2,000 Hindu men, women and children were killed in the massacre.
Background.
The village of Dakra is located in the Perikhali Union under Rampal Upazila of Bagerhat District in Khulna Division of Bangladesh. In 1971, Bagerhat District was a sub-division within the Khulna District. Dakra is located on the south bank of the Mongla river, which flows towards the west and falls into the Pasur river near Mongla port. On the north bank of Mongla river, exactly opposite Dakra, lies the Krishnaganj market under Banshtali Union. Dakra was a predominantly Hindu village, having a famous Kali temple. In Dakra lived Badal Chakraborty also known as Noa Thakur, a spiritual person respected by all.
After the launch of Operation Searchlight, Peace Committee and Razakar force was organized in Khulna. In April, the Razakars began to persecute the Hindus and loot their properties. By the middle of May, thousands of Hindus from Pirojpur, Jhalokathi, Barguna and Barisal Sadar Sub-divisions of undivided Barisal district and Bagerhat Sub-division of undivided Khulna district began to use Dakra as the transit, while fleeing to India. On 21 May, an estimated 10,000 Hindu refugees were stranded in Dakra.
Killings.
In the afternoon, a group of 20 to 25 Razakars under the leadership of Rajab Ali Fakir arrived in Dakra in two boats. The first boat crossed the Kaliganj market and proceeded towards Madartali canal. The second boat proceeded along the Kumarkhali canal and then made a sudden turn towards Dakra along the Madartali canal. The Razakars from the second boat got down and started firing at the crowd. In the meanwhile, the Razakars from the first boat too got down and proceeded to the Kali temple, firing indiscriminately at the crowd. The crowd started running for cover. Many jumped to the river and were shot at. More than 150 persons were shot in the river. The Razakars resorts to loot, arson and rape in the villages. The beautiful women were taken captives for sexual slavery.
Prosecution.
The Government of Bangladesh brought war crime charges against Jamaat-e-Islami leader A K M Yusuf at the International Crimes Tribunal. Yusuf has been charged with genocide of the Bengali Hindu people and has been held directly responsible for the Dakra massacre.
Memorial.
No memorial has been built in Dakra to commemorate the victims. In 2010, Dakra Ganahatya Smriti Sangrakshan Parishad held a program to commemorate the victims of the Dakra massacre.

</doc>
<doc id="36636731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636731" title="Montana Highway 13">
Montana Highway 13

Montana Highway 13 (MT 13) is a state highway in the east of the U.S. state of Montana. The highway begins at its southern end at MT 200 and connects the three county seats of McCone, Roosevelt and Daniels counties. It also provides access across the northern international border into Saskatchewan, towards Moose Jaw, at the Port of Scobey.
Route description.
MT 13 begins in the northeastern corner of Circle, where MT 200 also leaves town. From here to the Missouri River crossing south of Wolf Point, the highway is classified as part of the scenic Big Sky Back County Byway. MT 13 proceeds in a northeasterly direction for a few miles before turning onto its main northerly orientation. The road travels through the eastern portions of McCone County, servicing the small community of Vida along the way. After crossing the Missouri River, the road enters Roosevelt County as well as the Fort Peck Indian Reservation and remains within the reservation's boundaries for much of its remaining journey. Almost immediately, the route veers to the right at a Y-intersection with MT 25, which allows southerly access to and from Wolf Point, which lies to the west of MT 13. Shortly afterwards, after crossing the BNSF Railway's Northern Transcon, the highway crosses US Highway 2 (US 2), allowing northern access to Wolf Point. After another , the highway crosses into Daniels County, leaving the Fort Peck Indian Reservation a few miles later. A short distance after crossing the Poplar River, MT 13 enters Scobey and intersects with MT 5. From here, the highway has an unimpeded run to the International Boundary at the Port of Scobey, with the pavement continuing on into Canada as Saskatchewan Highway 36.
History.
Up until the 1960s, MT 13 used to reach the international boundary at the Port of Whitetail, east of its current northern terminus. In addition, the highway used to extend south of its current terminus of Circle, passing through Brockway to Terry.

</doc>
<doc id="36636733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636733" title="Gary Warren (footballer)">
Gary Warren (footballer)

Gary Warren (born 16 August 1984) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Premiership.
Club career.
Warren's football career began at Mangotsfield United in the Southern League, for whom he played between 2002 and 2006, having risen up through the youth & reserve ranks to the first team. He made his first team debut for Mangotsfield away to Evesham United on 1 April 2003. He played a pivotol role in the team's 2004–2005 Southern League Division 1 West Championship-winning side, before leaving the club in 2006 to join Team Bath. Gary's career record with Mangotsfield was 151 appearances, plus 13 substitute appearances and he also scored 11 goals. In the summer transfer window on 2006, Warren went on trial at Bristol Rovers, with a view to permanent contract.
Newport County.
In July 2009, following the disbandment of Team Bath, Warren signed for Newport County then in the Conference South and made his debut in July. Warren was immediately a regular for Newport and was appointed captain. In the 2009–10 season Newport County were crowned Conference South champions with a record 103 points, 28 points ahead of second placed Dover Athletic. In the 2010–11 season, Warren was linked with a £10k move to League Two side Cheltenham Town. This was rejected and manager Anthony Hudson criticised the club for wanting to sign him, describing it as a 'insult' and insisting the club had no plan of selling Warren.
On 12 May 2012, Warren played for Newport in the FA Trophy Final at Wembley Stadium which Newport lost 2–0 to York City. In the build-up to the final Warren stated it was a boyhood dream to play at Wembley.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
At the end of the 2011–12 season, Warren's contract at Newport expired and he was offered a new contract but chose to move on to Inverness Caledonian Thistle. For Newport County, Warren's departure was the end of an era as he was the last of 'Deano's team' to depart. Upon joining Inverness, Warren said he joined the club because he couldn't say no to playing under Terry Butcher. In the opening game of the season, Warren made his debut in a 2–2 draw against St. Mirren. 
Two months later, Warren would score his first goal in a 4–1 win over Dundee. In the quarter-final of Scottish League Cup, Warren scored his second goal in a 3–0 win over Rangers to reach the semi-final. In the first part of the season, Warren and his team-mates struggled as the club found themselves near the foot of the table, but the fans soon began to see the best of him. His second goal came in a 3–2 win over Aberdeen on 27 November 2012, followed up two weeks later when he scored in a 4–4 thriller against Dundee United. 
In late December 2012, Warren said his future in Scotland was uncertain due to personal issues. However, three months later, Warren signed a new two-year deal. Prior to signing the new contract, Warren scored a brace as Inverness beat Heart of Midlothian 3–2.
The following 2013-14 season start with positive start of the season when Warren started alongside with Josh Meekings in central defense and helped new goalkeeper Dean Brill with three consecutive clean sheets in the first three matches before conceding in a 2-2 draw against Celtic on 24 August 2013, which during the game, he played with a broken hand. On 20 October 2013, Warren scored his first goal of the season, in a 2-1 loss against Partick Thistle, which he scored from the header. He then scored in the next match to equalized against Dundee United in the quarter final of the Scottish League Cup. Inverness CT would go through after extra time to play in the semi-final. However, in the semi-final of the Scottish League Cup, Warren was sent-off during the match, but Inverness CT would win on penalty-shootout against Hearts. Attempt to overturned Warren's dismissal to play in the final was later upheld. Three weeks later, on 22 February 2014, Warren would make up his mistake, when he scored in a 1-0 win over St. Johnstone, which is the first time they won in three years.
In May 2014, Warren signed a further contract extension, committing himself to Inverness until 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="36636745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636745" title="Milk 'N' Cookies">
Milk 'N' Cookies

Milk 'N' Cookies was a rock band from Long Island, New York. Active during the 1970s, a particularly fertile and creative period in the suburban New York music scene, the band had a loyal following of fans attracted to their unique sound. Although they didn't receive the radio airplay and attention from mainstream labels given to other New York based bands of the time, they were influential, and have now achieved considerable cult status for contributions in the area where pop, glam, and proto-punk overlap.
History.
Milk 'N' Cookies was formed in early 1973, when Ian North, an aspiring artist and musician from Woodmere, NY, his best friend, bass player Jay Weis, and a drummer named Mike Ruiz recruited reluctant vocalist Justin Strauss to join them in a band. While many other metro New York based bands of the time like the Ramones and Blue Öyster Cult had edgier personas and harder sounds, Milk 'N' Cookies crafted a more wholesome, pop sensibility. Strauss' twelve year old sister came up with the band's name, which supported their image and sound.
Milk 'N' Cookies quickly found an audience, playing at Long Island and New York bars, clubs, and high school dances. They started to promote a demo tape, which eventually made its way to John Hewlett, the manager of the band Sparks. During this time, Weis left the band and was replaced by Sal Maida, a bass player who'd previously played with Roxy Music.
Hewlett was instrumental in getting Milk 'N' Cookies into the studio, and in 1974 they went to England to begin recording with producer Muff Winwood, who'd recently worked with Sparks. The self named album, recorded for Island Records had upbeat, catchy songs with titles like,"Little, Lost And Innocent", "We Go On Dancing" and "Rabbits Make Love".
Island released a single, "Little, Lost And Innocent" backed with "Good Friends", but when it failed to chart, the release of the album was shelved.
Milk 'N' Cookies was finding that although their robust live sound came closer to the punk music played by other bands with which they shared bills at clubs like CBGB and Max's Kansas City, their wholesome image appealed to a different audience. As Sal Maida's put it in NME "Our visuals appeal to the younger kids and the raw act and strength of our material should pull in the progressives." (The sound of Milk 'N' Cookies' live set is preserved in a 14 song live album recorded at CBGB in 1976)
When Island offered Ian North a solo deal, he left Milk 'N' Cookies and moved to London. He formed Ian North's Radio, which eventually became the band Neo. North remained in England until 1979, and upon returning to New York pursued a solo career, releasing a few solo disks.
Milk 'N' Cookies recorded a few more demos, but no further albums were released. They reunited in 2005 to play the Radio Heartbeat Power Pop Fest in Brooklyn, NY and had their album reissued in 2005 by the RPM label and by Radio Heartbeat in 2008.
Influence.
Milk 'N' Cookies has been cited as an influence by bands like Cheap Time out of Nashville, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="36636750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636750" title="Field hockey at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Men's tournament">
Field hockey at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Men's tournament

The men's field hockey tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics was the 20th edition of the field hockey event for men at the Summer Olympic Games. It was held over a thirteen-day period beginning on 15 August, and culminating with the medal finals on 27 August. All games were played at the hockey centre within the Hellinikon Olympic Complex in Athens, Greece.
Australia won the gold medal for the first time after defeating the Netherlands 2–1 in the final. Germany won the bronze medal by defeating Spain 4–3.
Qualification.
Each of the continental champions from five federations received an automatic berth. Alongside the seven teams qualifying through the Olympic Qualification Tournament, twelve teams competed in this tournament.
Although the host nation would have qualified automatically as well, the International Hockey Federation (FIH) and the International Olympic Committee (IOC) refused to give them an automatic berth due to the standard hockey in Greece. Greece appealed the decision to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS), however it was turned down. Greece's first option to gain a place at the Olympics was by qualifying for the EuroHockey Nations Championship held in 2003. As they did not qualify for this tournament their last option was to beat Canada, the last ranked team of the Olympic Qualification Tournament in a best of three play-off competition. Canada would have kept its place in the Qualifier regardless of whether it won or lost against Greece. There would, however, have been six places at stake at the tournament if Greece had qualified, rather than the seven eventually available. Greece lost the first two matches against Canada while the third match didn't even take place, losing their chance to qualify to the Olympics.
Results.
"All times are Eastern European Summer Time ()"

</doc>
<doc id="36636751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636751" title="Kuhlarji">
Kuhlarji

Kuhlarji (; in older sources also "Kihlerje", , Gottscheerish: "Kichlarn") is a village in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. It no longer has any permanent residents.
Geography.
Kuhlarji lies in a basin connected by routes to Zdihovo and Morava. Nearby elevations include Ajbik Hill (661 m), Kuchelj Hill (, 653 m), and Bolvik Hill (622 m). There are two karst caves in the vicinity: Wide Shaft () and Dove Cave ().
Name.
The names "Kuhlarji" and "Küchlern" are believed to be derived from the surname "Kuche", which was also attested in the settlement in 1574. The name therefore means 'village where the Kuche family lives'.
History.
Kuhlarji was a Gottschee German village. In the land registry of 1574 it had one full farm divided into two half-farms with three landowners, corresponding to a population between 10 and 14. In the 1770 census there were four houses in the village. The village reached its maximum population in 1880, when there were 25 people living in the settlement. Before the Second World War, when the village was destroyed, it had four houses and a population of 17. At the time, the livelihood of the settlement was base on agriculture and peddling. The original ethnic German population, totaling 15 people from three houses, was evicted on 18 December 1941. A Gottschee German woman named Juliana Bauer, together with her son and an elderly Gottschee German man (surname Wittine), refused to leave the village and were still living in one of the houses there until they were forcibly relocated in 1953 in order to make way for a military installation.

</doc>
<doc id="36636753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636753" title="Bloomburg High School">
Bloomburg High School

Bloomburg High School is a public high school located in the city of Bloomburg, Texas and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. It is a part of the Bloomburg Independent School District located in extreme eastern Cass County near the Texas-Louisiana border. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics.
The Bloomburg Wildcats compete in these sports 
Cross Country, 6-Man Football, Basketball, Golf, Tennis, Track, Baseball & Softball

</doc>
<doc id="36636757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636757" title="Ta Oraiotera Tragoudia Mou">
Ta Oraiotera Tragoudia Mou

Marinella - Ta oraiotera tragoudia mou (Greek: "Μαρινέλλα - Τα ωραιότερα τραγούδια μου"; ) is a compilation of recordings by popular Greek singer Marinella, under the PolyGram Records - Philips series ""Ta Oraiotera Tragoudia Mou"". This album is part of the compilation. It was released in 1974 in Greece and includes 14 recordings by Marinella from 1967 - 1972 for the PolyGram Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36636761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636761" title="Attorney General of Guatemala">
Attorney General of Guatemala

The Attorney General of Guatemala ("Fiscal General de la República de Guatemala") is the chief attorney general (public prosecutor) of Guatemala.

</doc>
<doc id="36636764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636764" title="Szőcs">
Szőcs

Szőcs ( is a Hungarian surname. Notable people with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36636777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636777" title="United States v. Mitchell">
United States v. Mitchell

United States v. Mitchell may refer to the following legal cases:

</doc>
<doc id="36636780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636780" title="Solatube">
Solatube

Solatube refers to Solatube International, the manufacturer of Solatube Daylighting Systems, a type of Tubular Daylighting Device. The company, originally located in Australia, invented tubular daylighting devices, which are used to harvest daylight through a dome at the roof and transfer it down a reflective tube through a diffuser in the ceiling.
Often mistakenly referred to as light tubes, solar tubes or tubular skylights, the correct industry name is tubular daylighting devices, as determined by the National Fenestration Rating Council (NFRC).
Solatube Daylighting Systems are used to provide daylighting as part of the sustainable design movement in eco-friendly building, also known as green building.
Daylighting with Solatube Daylighting Systems is used extensively in schools, warehouses, retail environments, homes, government buildings, museums, hotels and restaurants.
For the residential market, Solatube International Inc. has set up a network of dealers known as the Premier Dealer network where each dealer has been trained by the manufacturer for installation and technical product information. Solatube Home Daylight, Solatube International's only company store, is used as a test bed for this network before offering new products into the marketplace.

</doc>
<doc id="36636782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636782" title="Bond lease">
Bond lease

In United States real-estate business a Bond Lease, often referred to as an "Absolute Triple Net Lease", "True Triple Net Lease", or even a "Hell-or-High-Water Lease" is the most extreme form of the NNN Lease, in which the tenant is responsible for every fathomable real estate risk related to the property and is responsible for every single property related expense, even in instances of a material casualty/condemnation.
Casualties and acts of God.
The term bond or bondable is primarily used in higher structured lease forms which also include a requirement that the tenant completely backstop casualty and condemnation loss in addition to assuming all other payment and performance obligations generally associated with a standard triple net lease. At first glance a bond lease may appear identical to a triple net lease, as the tenant is usually responsible for paying all the property taxes, insurance, and maintenance under both lease structures; however in a bond lease the tenant is obligated to rebuild after a casualty (acts of God included) or continue paying rent should the property be condemned.
Lease termination.
Further, the tenant cannot terminate the lease or seek any rent abatements. Should a material casualty or condemnation occur (a 50% threshold is generally utilized) resulting in the tenant's inability to restore the property to operable condition of its original intended use, tenant may only attempt to terminate the lease upon delivering a rejectable purchase offer which is usually calculated to cover any debt as well as provide a return of any equity.
Environmental matters.
Further, tenant is responsible for all environmental matters, no matter what the cause. It has been argued that following a major casualty or irreparable condemnation, the tenant isn't required to continue paying rent without abatements, even under a bond lease. The argument follows that under certain circumstances such a material event may even be construed as "constructive eviction" ultimately allowing the bond tenant to walk away from the property without providing a rejectable offer or other termination payment provision. Examples of case law exist however; which uphold the "hell or high water" clause as well as the constructive eviction argument. When analyzing any commercial lease it is always advisable to have the lease reviewed by legal counsel and pay close attention to the local state real estate laws.

</doc>
<doc id="36636785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636785" title="Amyrus">
Amyrus

Amyrus () was in Greek mythology a son of the god Poseidon, from whom the town and river Amyrus in Thessaly were believed to have derived their name.

</doc>
<doc id="36636801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636801" title="Pilar Velázquez">
Pilar Velázquez

Pilar Velázquez (born 13 February 1946) is a Spanish actress.
Born as María del Pilar Velázquez Llorente in Madrid, she mede her debut in 1964 at the Teatro Español, with the drama "Caminos de Damasco". Between 1966 and 1977 she starred in about 50 films and television roles; she was pretty active in Italian genre cinema,especially in spaghetti westerns. In 1979 Velázquez married the Spanish singer and actor Miguel Gallardo.

</doc>
<doc id="36636807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636807" title="The Dark-Hunter, Dream-Hunter, Were-Hunter and Hellchaser Universe">
The Dark-Hunter, Dream-Hunter, Were-Hunter and Hellchaser Universe

The Dark-Hunter, Dream-Hunter, Were-Hunter and Hellchaser Universe includes the Dark-Hunter, Dream-Hunter, Were-Hunter, Hellchaser, and The Chronicles Of Nick series written by "New York Times" Best Selling author Sherrilyn Kenyon. The Dark-Hunters are immortal warriors pledged to the Greek goddess Artemis and dedicated to defending mankind against Daimons (vampires) and other assorted enemies including a couple of rogue gods and goddesses.
Chronicles of Nick.
The Dark-Hunter universe also includes a Young-Adult spin-off/prequel series, "The Chronicles of Nick" featuring a character who appears throughout the Dark-Hunter Series.

</doc>
<doc id="36636812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636812" title="Kukovo">
Kukovo

Kukovo (; in older sources also "Kuka Vas", , Gottscheerish: "Kukndoarf") is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Dobrepolje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Rapljevo.
Name.
The Slovene name "Kukovo" (and German "Kukendorf") are of uncertain origin. One theory derives the name from "kuk" or "kovk" 'hill'. Other theories derive the name from the surname "Kuk" or relate the name to the cuckoo.
History.
Kukovo was a Gottschee German village. It is believed to have been founded relatively late because it was not mentioned in the land registry of 1574 or in the 1770 census. There are four caves southwest of the village on the slope of Black Peak (), known in Gottscheerish as "Pichlöch", "Löckakkhərlöch", "Meschnalöch", and "Frauengrotte"; the last served as a place of refuge for women and children from the village during Ottoman attacks. The settlement attained its maximum population in 1900, with 128 residents. Kukovo had 18 houses before the Second World War and a population of 74. At that time, the economy of the village was based on agriculture, selling firewood and railroad ties, and gathering berries. The residents of the village were evicted between 27 and 30 November 1941. Kukovo was burned by Italian troops in the summer of 1942 during the Rog Offensive and was never restored.
Church.
The village church was a chapel of ease dedicated to Saint Anthony of Padua. It stood until March 1980 and was one of the last churches in the Gottschee area to be destroyed during the communist era. The church dated from the early 19th century. The church's statue of Saint Anthony of Padua is now located at Saint Agnes' Church in Seč and its two bronze bells, dating from the mid-19th century, are at Saints Primus and Felician's Church in Ratje. The church was nationalized in 1954 and used as a barn. Lack of maintenance caused the roof to collapse under the weight of snow in February 1969. In 1980 the Kočevje collective farm transferred to structure to a private individual in Struge, and in 1981 the building stones of the church were burned to produce quicklime.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Kukovo include:

</doc>
<doc id="36636832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636832" title="Cornelius Desmond">
Cornelius Desmond

Cornelius F. Desmond, Jr. (October 4, 1893 – October 2, 1974) was an American politician who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and as City Manager of Lowell, Massachusetts.
Early life.
Desmond was born on October 4, 1893 in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. He attended Lowell public schools and graduated from Lowell High School. An standout baseball player, Desmond went on to for a number of play semi-pro baseball teams.
During World War I, Desmond served in the United States Army. After the war, he worked in the circulation department of newspapers in Boston and New York. In the 1930s, Desmond worked as a supervisor for the Works Progress Administration.
Political career.
In 1940, Desmond was elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives. He would go on to serve a total of 11 terms. He served on a number of important committees, including a stint as chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee.
In 1962, Desmond was named City Manager of Lowell and resigned from the House shortly after that. He served as city manager for 22 months before he reached the mandatory retirement age of 70 and had to leave office.
Later life and death.
Desmond remained in Lowell after his retirement. He died on October 2, 1974 at St. John's Hospital in Lowell.

</doc>
<doc id="36636849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636849" title="Amythaonius">
Amythaonius

Amythaonius was in Ancient Greece a patronymic from Amythaon, by which his son, the seer Melampus, was sometimes called. The descendants of Amythaon in general were called by the Greeks Amythaonidae.

</doc>
<doc id="36636899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636899" title="Teatro Pavón">
Teatro Pavón

The Teatro Pavón, Calle de Embajadores 9, is a theatre in Madrid opened in 1925. The architect was Teodoro de Anasagasti .

</doc>
<doc id="36636934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636934" title="Anacyndaraxes">
Anacyndaraxes

Anacyndaraxes () was the father of Sardanapalus, king of Assyria.

</doc>
<doc id="36636973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36636973" title="Namika Lahti">
Namika Lahti

Namika Lahti is a Finnish basketball club based in Lahti. The club plays in the Korisliiga, the top Finnish championship league. The club was established in 1898 in Vyborg and moved to Lahti in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="36637005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637005" title="Svetli Potok">
Svetli Potok

Svetli Potok (; in older sources also "Svetlji Potok", , Gottscheerish: "Liəmpoch") is a village in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. It no longer has any permanent residents.
Name.
The Slovene name "Svetli Potok" and the German name "Lichtenbach" literally mean 'bright/light creek'. According to August Tschinkel, the name is connected with "Liembach" (?) in Lower Styria. Eberhard Kranzmayer derived the name from "Lindenbach" or "Lindbach" (literally, 'linden creek').
History.
Svetli Potok was a Gottschee German village. In the Kočevje land registry of 1574 it had four full farms divided into eight half-farms and five tenant farmers and 13 landowners, corresponding to a population between 40 and 45. The village had 17 houses in the 1770 census. From 1843 to 1900 several workshops operated here producing wool coats and employing approximately 80 people. The products were sold in Črnomelj, Metlika, Ogulin, Vrbovsko, Karlovac, and Zagreb. One such workshop was still producing coats before the Second World War and large numbers of sheep were raised in the area for this purpose. The first schoolteacher in the village was the heritage researcher Josef Perz, who taught from 1885 to 1895. Before the Second World War, Lichtenbach had 17 houses. The village was burned in August 1942 by Italian troops during the Rog Offensive.
Church.
The church in the village was dedicated to the Virgin Mary and dated from 1626 or 1656. It had three altars until 1941, but the two side altars dating to 1765 were then removed. The main altar was made of marble and gilded. The church was once a well-known pilgrimage destination and was decorated by the painter P. Sopracase from Udine.
A chapel-shrine stood in the center of the village. The shrine had a 15 kg bell bearing the date 1635; the bell was removed in 1917.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Svetli Potok include:

</doc>
<doc id="36637016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637016" title="Kandy Airport">
Kandy Airport

Kandy Airport is a proposed domestic airport in the central city of Kandy in Sri Lanka. After construction work is over the airport will accelerate the number of tourists per year in the Central Province of the country. Domestic operations from Bandaranaike International Airport in Colombo are set begin with the new domestic carrier Cinnamon Air.
Location.
The proposed areas for the construction of the airport has been inspected by the aviation authorities in Sri Lanka by December 2011. Minister Keheliya Rambukwella joined Minister Priyankara Jayaratne in inspecting the location where the airport is to be constructed. The Ministers inspected a 42 acre block of land of the Agriculture Department, 1,250 acre farmland of the Peradeniya University and another 250 acre block of land at Ambakote belonging to the Mahaweli Authority. The Ministers expressing their views to the media after the inspections said that construction work on the Airport would commence after the receipt of technical report on the related lands. On 5 August 2012 it was announced that Kundasale will be the most likely location for the construction of the airport.

</doc>
<doc id="36637039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637039" title="Christopher Miller">
Christopher Miller

Christopher Miller may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36637048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637048" title="Vuelve el ojo de vidrio">
Vuelve el ojo de vidrio

Vuelve el ojo de vidrio () is a 1970 Mexican revolution-epic film directed by René Cardona Jr., starring Antonio Aguilar, Flor Silvestre, Manuel Capetillo, Eleazar García, Alejandro Reyna, and Guillermo Rivas. It is the sequel to the film "El ojo de vidrio".

</doc>
<doc id="36637069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637069" title="The kid (Blood Meridian)">
The kid (Blood Meridian)

The kid is a nameless central character in the 1985 historical novel "Blood Meridian", by Cormac McCarthy. The first sentence of the novel opens with "see the child", which tells the reader the significance of this character. These words also serve to advise the reader of the dissimilar nature of the kid in relation to Judge Holden and the members of Glanton's gang. When viewing the novel as a bildungsroman the story follows the maturation of the kid who had developed distinct values just before the end of the book. 
He is the focal point for the first six chapters where he leaves Tennessee, rides with the filibusters, and is jailed in Chihuahua City. There he meets Toadvine for the second time, eyes the judge for the second time, and joins Glanton's gang. However in chapters seven through nineteen the focus is no longer exclusively on the kid. In this section of the book he disappears from the action and then reappears. The final chapters again focus on the kid.
Unlike the judge, the kid's physical description is sparse and bereft of details. All that is known is that he is "pale and thin", but he does have "big wrists, and big hands". In contrast to his outwardly violent lifestyle, his eyes are "oddly innocent". The kid's interior life is not explicitly expressed throughout the novel, and when he speaks it is very brief.

</doc>
<doc id="36637076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637076" title="2013 Dunlop V8 Supercar Series">
2013 Dunlop V8 Supercar Series

The 2013 Dunlop V8 Supercar Series will be the fourteenth running of the V8 Supercar Development Series, a support series to the International V8 Supercars Championship.
The introduction of the "New Generation V8 Supercar" regulations to the V8 Supercar championship resulted in a series of rule changes which affected the Dunlop Series. Teams were only allowed to compete with one model of the cars raced in V8 Supercars; all teams competing with the Ford BF Falcon upgraded to the FG model, whilst the Holden teams continued to use the VE Commodore.
With all V8 Supercar teams building brand-new chassis for the 2013 season to comply with the New Generation V8 Supercar regulations, many of the cars they used in 2012 were sold to Dunlop Series teams.
Teams and drivers.
The following teams and drivers have been confirmed for the 2013 series:
Calendar.
The 2013 Dunlop Series calendar was released on 24 October 2012. The championship will consist of nineteen races at seven venues, all in support of the International V8 Supercars Championship. The calendar remains unchanged from the 2012 season, with only the Winton event being brought forward, reflecting the change in the V8 Supercar calendar.
Championship standings.
Scoring system.
Points are awarded to the driver or drivers of a car that had completed 75% of the race distance and was running at the completion of the final lap. Various different points scales are applied to events having two or three races to ensure that a driver would be awarded 300 points for winning all races at any event.
Points are awarded using the following system:
See also.
2013 V8 Supercar season

</doc>
<doc id="36637119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637119" title="Mark Moore (disambiguation)">
Mark Moore (disambiguation)

Mark Moore (born 1965) is a British record producer and nightclub owner.
Mark Moore may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36637123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637123" title="Time In (album)">
Time In (album)

Time In is a 1966 studio album by Dave Brubeck, the last of Brubeck's 'Time' series.
All the compositions on it were written by Dave Brubeck (two co-written with his wife Iola Brubeck), and performed by the Dave Brubeck Quartet. Stylistically, they cover a considerable range, from slow ballads in a West Coast jazz sound, to some of the religiously themed work he began to essay in the later 1960s ("Forty Days", which would later appear in his "The Light in the Wilderness: An Oratorio for Today"), to more driving bebop-influenced numbers.
AllMusic's reviewer Thom Jurek wrote that it was "one of his most musically adventurous. ... of all the 'Time' recordings, this is the least commercial ... Though it is seldom celebrated as such, this is one of Brubeck's finest moments on Columbia."

</doc>
<doc id="36637129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637129" title="Sandra Eades">
Sandra Eades

Sandra Eades (born 1967) is a Noongar physician, researcher and professor, and the first Aboriginal medical practitioner to be awarded a Doctorate of Philosophy in 2003. She was also recognized as the NSW (New South Wales) Woman of the Year for 2006.
Early life.
Sandra Eades was born in Mount Barker, Western Australia and at the age of 12 moved to Perth with her family. In primary school she wanted to be a doctor but thought she would not have that opportunity as an Aboriginal girl. In 1985, at the age of 17, she arrived at University of Newcastle as one of four Aboriginal students selected for a special program to study medicine.
Work.
Eades worked in the public hospital system after graduating from medical school, and was a general practitioner with the Aboriginal Medical Service for seven years. She began her career researching the epidemiology of Indigenous child health in Australia at the Telethon Institute for Child Health Research. Her first research opportunity into causes of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS) in Aboriginal infants in Western Australia, was introduced to her by 2003 Australian of the Year, Fiona Stanley. She has been recognized for "identifying links between social factors such as housing and infant health".
As Head of Indigenous Maternal and Child Health, and Associate Head of Preventative Health Research at Baker IDI Heart and Diabetes Institute, Eades has been the recipient of a number of grants for research in Indigenous health studies. She is a Senior Research Fellow at The Sax Institute in Sydney, and an Adjunct Senior Lecturer in the School of Public Health at the University of Sydney.
Recognition.
Sandra Eades's work in pediatric and perinatal epidemiology has improved the lives of Aboriginal women and children.

</doc>
<doc id="36637131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637131" title="Gary Quinlan">
Gary Quinlan

Gary Quinlan is the current Permanent Representative of Australia to the United Nations and Chairperson of the United Nations Security Council.
Since 2007, until his current appointment as Ambassador and Permanent Representative to the United Nations, Quinlan was the Senior Advisor to the Prime Minister on Foreign Affairs, Defence, and National Security.
Quinlan joined the then Department of Foreign Affairs in 1973 and has served in several senior positions in the Department in Canberra including First Assistant Secretary, Consular, Public Diplomacy and Parliamentary Affairs Division (2007) and First Assistant Secretary, Americas and Europe Division (2000–01). He was Head of the Australian Delegation to the Law of the Sea Preparatory Commission from 1987 until 1988.
Quinlan's overseas assignments have been as Deputy Head of Mission, Australian Embassy Washington DC (2005–07); High Commissioner to Singapore (2001–05); First Secretary, Australian Mission to the United Nations, New York (1981–85); Australian Deputy Permanent Delegate to UNESCO, Paris (1979–81); and Second Secretary in Dublin (1974–77). He was attached to the Economic Development Institute, World Bank in Washington D.C. (1984).
Quinlan also served as Chief of Staff to the Minister for Trade (1993–94) and to the Minister for Industry, Science and Technology (1994–96).
Quinlan was educated at the University of Newcastle and holds a Bachelor of Arts degree with honours. He also holds the honorary degree of Doctor of Letters (Hon DLitt Newc, 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="36637132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637132" title="Kumrova Vas">
Kumrova Vas

Kumrova Vas (; or "Kumrovo", or "Kummersdorf", Gottscheerish: "Kümmrdoarf") is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Svetli Potok.
Name.
Both the Slovene name "Kumrova vas" and German name "Kummer(s)dorf" literally mean '"Kummer" village'. It has been suggested that the root "Kummer" is related to the dialect world "Kümar" 'impoverished, pitiable person' or to the surname "Kummer". The possible designation of the settlement as an impoverished place to live is similar to the naming of the settlements of Slaba Gorica ('poor hill'), Sušje ('dry, drought'), and Verderb ('deterioration').
History.
Kumrova Vas was a Gottschee German village. In the land registry of 1574, the settlement had three full farms divided into six half-farms and nine owners, corresponding to a population between 32 and 36. In the 1770 census there were 13 houses in the village. The village had a maximum population of 87 people in 14 houses in 1869. In the 19th century, the village had a small industry making woolen coats. On the eve of the Second World War, Kumrova Vas had 10 houses and a population of 32. At the time, the economy of the village was based on agriculture, raising livestock, and peddling. The original ethnic German population, consisting of 25 people from nine families, was evicted early in the war. The village was burned repeatedly by Italian troops between May and August 1942. In late June 1942, the Yugoslav Partisans established their Medical Dressing Station No. 3 here for a week before relocating it to a forestry cabin at Travnik Hill in Kočevski Rog. The village was never rebuilt after the war.
Religious heritage.
A church dedicated to the Holy Name of Jesus stood to the east above Kumrova Vas, dating from 1708. The site was first used as a fortification during the Ottoman wars in Europe, and was later converted into a church. The year 1798, marking a renovation of the church, was carved into the semicircular entryway. The shingled roof of the bell tower burned during a lightning strike in 1865. The church had three altars by the mid-18th century, dedicated to the Holy Name of Jesus, Christ on the Via Dolorosa, and Christ on the Mount of Olives. The church was remodeled in 1933. The church was not repaired after the war and its furnishings disappeared. The location of the church's statues and paintings is unknown today.
A small chapel dedicated to the Precious Blood stood northeast of the village. It had a polygonal chancel walled on three sides and a wooden bell-cot over the entrance. Two bells, cast in 1607 and 1839, hung in the bell-cot until 1917. The smaller one bore the inscription "Zur Ehre Gottes goß mich Elias Sombrath in Laibach 1603" ('I was cast for the glory of God by Elias Sombrath in Ljubljana, 1603'). The chapel was destroyed during the Second World War and was not rebuilt.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Kumrova Vas include:

</doc>
<doc id="36637150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637150" title="Bà Chúa Kho">
Bà Chúa Kho

Bà Chúa Kho (Lady of the Storehouse) is a goddess of Vietnamese folk religion, with her temple in Bắc Ninh. She is one of the new popular goddess like Bà Chúa Xứ, Lady of the Realm.

</doc>
<doc id="36637158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637158" title="Donald Moore">
Donald Moore

Donald Moore may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36637188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637188" title="Horrid Henry (book)">
Horrid Henry (book)

Horrid Henry is the first book of the "Horrid Henry" series. It was published in 1994 and written by Francesca Simon and illustrated by Tony Ross.
Plot.
Horrid Henry's Perfect Day.
Horrid Henry is a horrid boy who loves doing unimaginable horrible things. He throws food, he snatches things, he pushes, shoves and pinches. He has a younger brother called Perfect Peter. He is an extremely perfect boy who does uncountable good deeds. He always says "Please" and "Thank You", he loves vegetables and refuses cake and he never ever picks his nose. One day, Horrid Henry wonders what would happen if he were perfect?! So, the next day, Henry doesn't wake Peter up by splashing water on his head, and Peter and his parents wake up late. Due to this, Henry and Peter are late for a class. Back at home, Henry doesn't bully Peter, instead, he reads a book about super-mice. At dinner time, Henry helps lay the table and ignores Peter's whining that he always lays the table. When the family eat spaghetti and meatballs, Henry does not kick Peter or slurp his food or leave behind his vegetables. Peter wants Henry to become horrid again and tries many ways to get Henry to hit him but Henry is resilient. When Henry's Mum gives Henry some fudge cake and a kiss for being so good, Peter can't stand it any longer and flings his plate at Henry but hits Mum. Mum screams at Peter to go to his room and when Henry laughs, she sends him to his room too. The story ends with Henry being surprised that being perfect was so much fun.
Horrid Henry's Dance Class.
Henry and Peter have to go to the school's dance class taught by Miss Impatience Tutu, a very impatient woman who claims she is patient that Henry hates. The class has to play a concert and everyone is practising for it. Impatience Tutu makes Henry sit behind a false bush for being horrid at her class so he won't embarrass everyone at the concert. When its time for the concert, Henry decides to make his part bigger and by doing so, makes Impatience Tutu stop the concert. The story ends with Henry being happy to finally go for karate.
Horrid Henry and Moody Margaret.
Horrid Henry has an archenemy, and that is Moody Margaret. Margaret lives next door to Henry, is in Henry's class and owns all the things that Henry's goody-goody parents don't let him have. This is the only reason that Henry plays with Margaret. The two of them are playing pirates and squabbling over who is going to be Captain Hook and Peter is begging to not be the prisoner. When Margaret reluctantly hands over her Captain Hook role to Henry and takes his role as Mr. Smee and Henry orders her and Peter to walk the plank, she decides not to play pirates. Henry gets fed up and orders her to play but Margaret shrieks at him. Since no one can shriek as loud as her or as piercingly as her, Henry gives her back the hook and she decides to eat something. Selfish Henry doesn't want to share his food with her and gives her horrible choices. When he mentions "Glop"(A dish of horrible food mixed together), Margaret decides that she and Henry make the yuckiest Glop of all and eat it. After putting in horrible ingredients, Margaret eats a spoonful of it and doesn't show how much she hates it, in fact stating that it is good. When Henry doesn't want to eat it but takes a tiny spoonful, Margaret is about to do an unrevealed horrible thing if Perfect Peter had not intervened. He asks for some food and Henry gives him the glop!
Horrid Henry's Holiday.
Henry hates holidays but when his family is going to France for camping, he gets excited. However, the place isn't as good as Henry thought it would be. A rainy campsite with filthy toilets and he gets angry again. He tries to knock down tents and play horrible music but Dad stops him. Just as they are about to eat baked beans, it rains. The Family sleeps in the tent soundly but Henry can't due to the sharp rocks and mosquitoes. When they wake up, the family goes for a walk and Henry has to collect firewood. Henry uses the wooden pegs holding up the tents as the firewood and creates a big fire. Henry feels he is dreaming that he is floating but when he wakes up, he finds that he is floating! The tent has collapsed and the rain has soaked everyone wet. Henry then takes his family to the campsite that he wanted to go with modernized things and the story ends with Henry and Peter sharing a bag of crisps and Henry saying, "Now this is what I call a holdiay!"
External links.
</noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="36637204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637204" title="Time In">
Time In

Time In may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36637233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637233" title="József Karai">
József Karai

Jószef Karai (Budapest, 8 November 1927) is a Hungarian composer. He studied composition with Ferenc Farkas at the Franz Liszt Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="36637252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637252" title="Samson Wright">
Samson Wright

Samson Wright (May 5, 1899 - March 10, 1956) was a British medical physiologist who is mentioned as "undoubtedly the greatest teacher of physiology of his generation and author of the world famous textbook "Applied Physiology"" in his biographical memoir published at his birth centenary in the Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine.
Samson Wright's Applied Physiology textbook has been translated into many languages. After his death his pupil wrote the newer editions till thirteenth edition. The book remains a bible for experimental physiology.

</doc>
<doc id="36637272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637272" title="Marosi">
Marosi

Marosi or Maroši is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36637275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637275" title="AROS Public License">
AROS Public License

The AROS Public License (APL) is a permissive free software license which is primarily used for distribution of the AROS Research Operating System software project. Version 1.1 is based on the text of Mozilla Public License 1.1 with some definitions added and Netscape-specific texts changes.
It has not been officially approved as a free or open source license by the FSF, OSI, or Debian.

</doc>
<doc id="36637283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637283" title="Nicolas Jean-Baptiste">
Nicolas Jean-Baptiste

Nicolas Jean-Baptiste (born March 8, 1989) is an American football Nose tackle for the Arizona Rattlers of the Arena Football League. He was signed by the Baltimore Ravens as an undrafted free agent in 2012. He played college football at Baylor.
He also was a member of the Cleveland Browns.
Early years.
Jean-Baptiste attended Strake Jesuit College Prep High School. He earned 2006 first-team All-District 17-5A honors on offense as an Offensive guard and defense as a Defensive end.
College career.
Jean-Baptiste played at Baylor University. He participated in the 2012 East West Shrine Game. He played 49 games and started 21 games at Nose tackle. He recorded 94 tackles, 5 sacks and a Forced fumble. In 2011 his senior year, Jean-Baptiste recorded a career high 4 sacks along with 36 tackles.
In his junior year, Jean-Baptiste played 12 games and He recorded 31 tackles, half sack. On September 2, 2011, in the season opener against TCU, Jean-Baptiste had four tackles, one tackle was for a loss of gain, a pass deflection and a blocked kick in which Baylor won 50-48 after blowing a 24 point lead. During his junior season, Jean-Baptiste was named the starter in the fourth game of the year against Rice. But Jean-Baptiste had just one tackle as Baylor won 30-13.
In his sophomore year, Jean-Baptiste played 12 games coming off the bench. He had 18 tackles and a half sack. In a game against Northwestern State, He recorded a season high 4 tackles, including one for an assisted loss of gain while Baylor won 68-13.
In his redshirt freshman year, Jean-Baptiste played in 12 games and only had 9 tackles. On December 7, 2011, Jean-Baptiste was named to the Second Team All-Big 12.
Professional career.
Baltimore Ravens.
After going undrafted in the 2012 NFL Draft, Jean-Baptiste signed with the Baltimore Ravens' practice team. On August 31, he was released.
Indianapolis Colts.
Jean-Baptiste was signed by the Indianapolis Colts to their practice squad on Sept 18, 2012. On October 3, 2012, He was released from the practice squad.
Cleveland Browns.
He signed with the Cleveland Browns on May 13, 2013. On August 26, he was released.
Arizona Rattlers.
Jean-Baptiste was assigned to the Arizona Rattlers of the Arena Football League on December 10, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36637303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637303" title="Kulesha">
Kulesha

Kulesha is a surname of Ukrainian origin. In the Ukrainian language "kulesha" means a porridge of maize flour.
Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36637314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637314" title="Spiridonov">
Spiridonov

Spiridonov (masculine) or Spiridonova (feminine) is a Slavic surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36637327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637327" title="Robert Kajuga">
Robert Kajuga

Robert Kajuga may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36637330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637330" title="Andrea Torres">
Andrea Torres

Andrea Elizabeth Torres popularly known as Andrea Torres (born May 4, 1990) is a Filipino television, movie and stage actress, host and commercial model. She was born May 4, 1990 in Manila, Philippines. She is currently working as an exclusive talent of GMA Network.
Background.
She was first seen as one of the contestants in ABS-CBN's teen-oriented reality show, Qpids in 2005 and in 2008 she transferred to GMA and became one of the hosts of the now defunct youth-oriented magazine show, "Ka-Blog!". She was also part of some Drama and hit movies such as "You To Me Are Everything", a Dingdong Dantes & Marian Rivera starrer and "Shake, Rattle & Roll X".
When Ka-Blog! went off the air, Torres concentrated for a while in her studies taking up Communication Arts in University of Santo Tomas and in commercial modelling. 
March 8, 2011, Andrea Torres signed a three-year exclusive contract with GMA Network. Two months later, she landed a part in the afternoon drama series "Blusang Itim".
It helped that she had joined extracurricular activities while in school. She performed during assemblies, acted in plays, attended leadership conventions, even volunteered to read Bible verses during Masses. She was also in the volleyball team. When she was younger she took up ballet lessons. She tried everything that could help her express herself as an artist.
On July 30, 2012, GMA Network announces that Torres together with Mikael Daez will reprise the role of Cecilia Fulgencio and Carlos Miguel Altamonte originally played by Tanya Garcia and Dingdong Dantes, respectively, for the 2012 remake of the 2002 popular teledrama "Sana Ay Ikaw Na Nga".

</doc>
<doc id="36637339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637339" title="Luža">
Luža

Luža may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36637341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637341" title="Nikolay Madoyan">
Nikolay Madoyan

Nikolay Madoyan (born June 1 in Yerevan) is an armenian-jewish violinist. He is the laureate and winner of several international music competitions.
He studied under Hracha Bogdanyan, Zakhar Bron, Isaac Stern and Solovieff.
Madoyan performed with a number of the world's best symphony orchestras and conductors such as Richard Hickox, Frans Brüggen, Claudio Abbado, Arnold Katz, Dmitri Kitayenko, Valery Gergiev, Leopold Hager, Matthias Bamert, Richard Dufallo and Nikolai Alekseyev.
He performed Beethoven's ten Sonatas for Violin and Piano (played in 3 evenings one after another), Paganini's 24 Caprices (played in one evening without interruption), Bach's Sonatas and Partitas for solo violin (played in one evening) and Six Sonatas for Violin and Cembalo (played in one evening), Eugène Ysaÿe's Six Sonatas (played in one evening) to name a few. He played all compositions by memory (live).
Madoyan performed at the Tivoli Hall, Concertgebouw, Royal Festival Hall, Milan Verdi Theatre and the Big Concert Hall of the Moscow Conservatory.
His discography contains more than 20 CDs.

</doc>
<doc id="36637345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637345" title="Michael Roark">
Michael Roark

Michael Sean Roark (born May 9, 1983) is an American actor and attorney.

</doc>
<doc id="36637362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637362" title="Robert Kajuga (athlete)">
Robert Kajuga (athlete)

Robert Kajuga (born 1 January 1985 in Kaniga, Gicumbi District) is a Rwandan long-distance track and road runner. He represented Rwanda in the 10,000 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Running career.
Kajuga qualified to the 2012 Summer Olympics on July 8, 2012 when he ran the 10,000-metre at the African Senior Athletics Championship in Benin in a time of 28:03 (min:sec). After his Olympic debut, he began participating in longer-distance road races. On December 24, 2012, he won a 20-km road race in Kigali. Kajuga finished the men's race at the 2013 IAAF World Cross Country Championships in 73rd place of 96 finishers. On April 21, 2013, he ran a half-marathon in Nice, France recording a time of 1:01:37.

</doc>
<doc id="36637370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637370" title="Luža, Kočevje">
Luža, Kočevje

Luža (; or "Laknern") is a remote abandoned former settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Komolec.
Name.
The Slovene name "Luža" is believed to derive from the Slovene common noun "luža" 'pond, pool, puddle', referring to a local geographical feature. The German name "Lacknern" is believed to be of similar origin (cf. German "Lache" 'pool, puddle'). Other explanations connect the German name with "Lackner" 'settler' or with the surname "Lackner".
History.
Luža was a village inhabited by Gottschee Germans. It was recorded in the land registry of 1574 as having one full farm divided into two half-farms, and a population between seven and 10. In 1869 and 1880 the village had two houses and a population of 21 and 22, respectively. The village was abandoned by the beginning of the 20th century. A logger's cabin remained at the site, but it was burned by Italian troops during the Rog Offensive in the summer of 1942. The cabin was rebuilt after the war.

</doc>
<doc id="36637374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637374" title="Kartica">
Kartica

Kartica are a five piece indie rock band from Sheffield, England. Formed in May 2008, the band is made up of members; Mathew Hook (Vocals), Joe Troughton (Rhythm Guitar), Sam Cotterill (Lead Guitar), Josh Morement (Bass) and Lewis Eshelby (Drums).
Blending a mix of driving guitars and heavy drumbeats with dreamy riffs and anthemic melodies, Kartica achieve a roaring guitar sound with echoes of Oasis, The Verve, Ocean Colour Scene and The Stone Roses. They were described by "NME" magazine as "Solid Sheffield indie rock".
In 2011, gigs with The Twang, The South (Ex - Beautiful South) and The Complete Stone Roses, saw the band's profile rise further.
On 29 March 2012, the band released their first single "Don't You Think So?", available both as a limited edition 1,000 copy CD and through Internet download. The single featured on numerous internet radio stations including Q Radio and received a number of favourable online reviews, whilst also being played regularly before Sheffield Wednesday F.C. football matches at Hillsborough Stadium. The video for "Don't You Think So?" has currently attracted over 50,000 views on YouTube. On the back of this, they secured support slots with ex Little Man Tate frontman Jon Windle, and nationally breaking band All The Young.
More recently the band have received national press coverage in Mexico and Argentina and been championed by Tom Clarke of The Enemy, 80's US Hip Hop Star 'Casanova Rud' and former England and Man Utd footballer Gary Neville. They released their 2nd single 'All Yours' on 10 December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36637375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637375" title="Dipterocarpus costatus">
Dipterocarpus costatus

Dipterocarpus costatus (Khmer "chhë tiël niëng, chhë tiël bangkuëy, niëng daèng krâhâm") is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae found in the Indochinese and Malay Peninsulas, including Cambodia. The tree is found in "mixed dense deciduous or half-deciduous forest of the plain and in wet dense altitude forest, up to 1200m., on well drained rich grounds.". It grows to height of 25-40m. In Cambodia the resin is used particularly for the caulking of boats, and the preparation of torches, the wood used for work not exposed to the elements.

</doc>
<doc id="36637397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637397" title="Drought (EP)">
Drought (EP)

Drought is an EP by Deathspell Omega. It is the band's first release of new material since their 2010 album "Paracletus", and can be considered an epilogue of sorts to the trilogy that "Paracletus" brought to a close. It is the final release included in the band's 2012 vinyl box set incorporating the trilogy and related works, suggesting that the band regards it as thematically connected.
As with the material on "Paracletus", the music on "Drought" consists of several short but often connected pieces of music, and the music is somewhat similar in style.

</doc>
<doc id="36637436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637436" title="Nkami language">
Nkami language

Nkami is a Guang language of Ghana. There is reported to be a community in Benin as well.

</doc>
<doc id="36637461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637461" title="Rdeči Kamen">
Rdeči Kamen

Rdeči Kamen (; ) is a remote abandoned former settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Komolec.
History.
Rdeči Kamen was a village inhabited by Gottschee Germans. It had 17 houses before the Second World War. The village was burned by Italian troops on 18 August 1942 during the Rog Offensive and was never rebuilt. The 5th Battalion of the Slovene Partisan companies, named the Lower Carniola Battalion (), was established at Rdeči Kamen.

</doc>
<doc id="36637526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637526" title="List of dams and reservoirs in South Dakota">
List of dams and reservoirs in South Dakota

Following is a list of dams and reservoirs in South Dakota. 
All major dams are linked below. The National Inventory of Dams defines any "major dam" as being tall with a storage capacity of at least , or of any height with a storage capacity of .

</doc>
<doc id="36637542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637542" title="Kunč">
Kunč

Kunč (; in older sources also "Kunče", , Gottscheerish: "Kuntschn") is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Podstenice. Northeast of Kunč there is an ice-filled cave called Ice Cave (). It is connected to Kunč by a path and people would go to the cave for ice during times of drought.
Name.
The name "Kunč" is of uncertain origin. It may be derived from the surname "Kunz" or "Künz", which was recorded in the land registry of 1574. Snoj explains the surname "Kunz" as a hypocorism of "Konrad" or "Gunther".
History.
Kunč was a Gottschee German village. It was one of the oldest settlements in the Gottschee region, founded after external colonization of the region had ended circa 1400 and settlers began penetrating deeper into the forest. A small ruin in the village was probably from a manor farm owned by the Auersperg noble family and was said to be a hiding place for Veronika of Desenice. In the land registry of 1574 the settlement had one full farms and one half-farm with two owners, corresponding to a population between eight and 11. The 1770 census recorded three houses in Kunč. Kunč attained its greatest population in 1880, with 61 people living in 11 houses, after which it declined. The original ethnic German population, numbering 25 people from four houses, was evicted on 22 November 1941 and the village was burned by Italian troops during the Rog Offensive, probably between 20 and 23 August 1942. After the Second World War, the only structure at the site was a wooden shed with a stall and hayloft where forestry workers also lived part of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="36637547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637547" title="Jean Deplace">
Jean Deplace

Jean Deplace is a French cellist. Many well-known cellists have studied with Deplace. Deplace studied with and won first prize for cello in 1963 at the Paris Conservatory. Deplace went on to win awards in international competitions including: the Grand Prize of the Geneva International Competition, the Budapest Grand Prize, and the Florence Grand Prize. Deplace was also the recipient of a Sasha Schneider Foundation award. Deplace performed with leading orchestras including Orchestre Philharmonique de Radio France, Orchestre de Monte Carlo, the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra and at the Musica Maggio Fiorentino.
In 1971 he formed a duo with the pianist Andrée Plaine that gained recognition in Europe, North America and Japan. Deplace was appointed principal cello ("super-soloist") of the Orchestre philharmonique de Strasbourg. In 1981 he was appointed professor of cello at the Conservatoire de Lyon.

</doc>
<doc id="36637552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637552" title="Timi Garstang">
Timi Garstang

Timi Garstang (born 21 July 1987 in California, Pennsylvania, United States) is an American-born Marshallese track athlete. He represented his country at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 100 meters and finished last in the qualifying heats.

</doc>
<doc id="36637555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637555" title="ART4.RU Contemporary Art Museum">
ART4.RU Contemporary Art Museum

ART4.RU Contemporary Art Museum is a museum of contemporary Russian art located in Moscow, Russia. It was opened to the public in May 2007. A privately owned institution, it houses the collection of Igor Markin. 
The Collection.
The Museum often lends works in its permanent collection to exhibitions organized by other institutions in Russia and worldwide, such as in the National Centre for Contemporary Arts 2009 exhibition, "In Pursuit of Meaning: Alexander Ney" and, more recently, in the Moscow Museum of Modern Art's 2012 retrospective "Leonid Sokov: Point of View".

</doc>
<doc id="36637559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637559" title="Brent LaRue">
Brent LaRue

Brent LaRue (born April 26, 1987) is an American-born Slovenian athlete from Kernersville, North Carolina. An alumnus of Wake Forest University, he represented Slovenia in the men's 400 meters hurdles at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Personal life.
While at Wake Forest, LaRue met Ana Jerman, a Wake Forest tennis player originally from Slovenia. They moved to Slovenia, where they got married in 2010. In July 2011 LaRue received Slovenian citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="36637571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637571" title="Hrabová">
Hrabová

Hrabová is the name of several locations in the Czech Republic:

</doc>
<doc id="36637572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637572" title="Vehicle Factory Jabalpur">
Vehicle Factory Jabalpur

Vehicle Factory Jabalpur (VFJ) (Hindi: वाहन निर्माणी जबलपुर), is a military motor vehicle manufacturing company located in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, India, functioning under the aegis of Ordnance Factories Board controlled by the Ministry of Defence, Government of India. 
The company is headed only by an IOFS officer called General Manager (ex officio Additional Secretary to Government of India) who is the Chief Executive Officer responsible for the overall management of the company and is the main judicial authority. VFJ is the sole supplier of B vehicles to the Indian Army.
History.
The production of Shaktiman trucks, Jonga Light Utility Vehicles and Vahan 1 ton began at the Gun Carriage Factory Jabalpur in 1959. Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, the then Prime Minister of India was present to witness rolling of the first batch of vehicles at GCF. It was shifted to the present location in 1969. 
It started manufacturing Shaktiman trucks with license from MAN SE of Germany along with Jonga and Vahan 1 ton under license from Nissan of Japan.
All three of the above products have been retired and replaced by the new products.
Products.
VFJ manufactures and assembles general staff vehicles, logistics vehicles, light armoured vehicles like bullet-proof vehicles, mine protected vehicles and specialist role vehicles such as water bowsers, fuel tankers, field ambulances, tippers, battery command posts, generator sets, light recovery vehicles, field artillery tractors, kitchen containers etc. It also has some variants for civilian applications.
Technology.
Vehicle Factory Jabalpur has an R&D centre responsible for development of future vehicles and related technologies. It has tie-ups with Ashok Leyland and Tata Motors. Its research partner is Vehicle Research & Development Establishment of Defence Research and Development Organisation.
Customers.
Since VFJ produces defence vehicles, its primary customers are Indian Armed Forces, Central Armed Police Forces, State Armed Police Forces, Paramilitary Forces of India and Special Forces of India which have land based operations. It also supplies vehicles to civilians, government and private organisations.

</doc>
<doc id="36637576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637576" title="Ann-Marie Hepler">
Ann-Marie Hepler

Ann-Marie Hepler (born 8 April 1996 in Majuro, Marshall Islands) is a Marshallese swimmer. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 50 m freestyle event where she ranked 49th. Hepler did not advance.
Coached by her mother, Hepler has been swimming since the age of 2, and is a certified SCUBA Diver. She works as a lifeguard and an assistant sports coach on Kwajalein.

</doc>
<doc id="36637586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637586" title="Kiss (Carly Rae Jepsen album)">
Kiss (Carly Rae Jepsen album)

Kiss is the second studio album by Canadian recording artist Carly Rae Jepsen. It was released on September 14, 2012, by 604, Schoolboy and Interscope Records. After her debut, "Tug of War" (2008), which managed to receive success in Canada but was never released worldwide, "Kiss" became Jepsen's first internationally released album. Songs on the album are in the nu-disco, dance-pop, and teen pop genres, drawing inspiration from The Cars, Madonna, and Swedish performer, Robyn. Featuring production from a wide collection of producers including Dallas Austin, Josh Ramsay, and Redfoo, the album features a track with guest vocals from Justin Bieber.
"Kiss" was given mixed-to-favorable reviews by critics. Critics praised Jepsen for her vocal performance, song writing, and production. However, they deemed it as immature for her age. The album debuted at number six on the "Billboard" 200, selling over 46,000 copies in its opening week and debuted at five on the Canadian Albums Chart, selling over 8,000 copies in its opening week. It also charted in numerous international markets. The album and its singles earned Jepsen two Grammy Award nominations including Song of the Year, as well as winning Album of the Year and Pop Album of the Year at the Juno Awards of 2013.
The album charted across Europe and in the United States, reaching the top ten in the latter, in Canada (her native country), Australia, New Zealand, Japan, and the UK. Two singles, "Call Me Maybe" and "Good Time", were released before the album's debut. "Call Me Maybe" was a huge commercial success, reaching number one in over fifteen countries and garnering over 500 million views online. "Good Time", a collaboration with synthpop artist Owl City, peaked in the top ten also. The third single, "This Kiss", was released in September 2012. The fourth and final single "Tonight I'm Getting Over You", was released on February 19, 2013 in the US.
Recording locations.
For the recording of "Kiss", Jepsen had recorded at a multitude of recording studios such as 2nd Floor Studios, Bieler Bros. Studios, Boiler Room, Darp Studios, Focus Studios, Hipposonic Studios, Kite Productions Studios, London Police Station, MXM Studios, Pagzilla Sound Labs, Party Rock Studio, Pulse Recording, Signalpath Studios, Sky Harbor Studios, Sunset Marquis Studio, The Terrarium, Triangle Sound Studios West, Umbrella Studios.
Singles.
"Call Me Maybe", which was an international success, peaked at number one in several countries including Canada and the US, and was released as the lead single internationally on February 22, 2012. The song received generally positive reviews from contemporary critics, who praised its composition and clever lyrical content. After reaching the top position in Canada, Jepsen became only the fifth Canadian artist to do so in her home country since 2007. In the United States, the track reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and the Pop Songs chart. The song is the first number one by a Canadian female artist on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart since 2007's "Girlfriend" by Avril Lavigne. A music video for "Call Me Maybe" was written and directed by Ben Knechtel. The video received three nominations on the 2012 MuchMusic Video Awards in the categories of UR Fave Video, Pop Video of the Year, and Video of the Year.
The second international single from "Kiss", "Good Time" was released on June 26, 2012 and features Owl City. In the US, the song debuted at number 32 on the US Pop Songs chart, and number 18 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, for the week dated July 4, reaching number eight a few weeks after. The song is the second to make the top ten on the chart for both artists; Owl City's first top ten single since "Fireflies", as well as Carly Rae Jepsen's first top-ten single since "Call Me Maybe", making Jepsen one of the few artists in history to have two top ten songs in the same week. And as of August 29, 2012 the song has sold over one million copies in the United States alone, and was certified Platinum status in that territory. In Canada and New Zealand it peaked at number one, becoming Owl City's first number-one single and Jepsen's second in both countries. The song debuted at number 17 on the UK Singles Chart on August 26, 2012. The song charted before the single release due to the song being available from Owl City's album, "The Midsummer Station". It rose to five the following week, becoming Owl City's first top five UK hit since 2010's "Fireflies". The music video directed by Declan Whitebloom was released on July 24, 2012 on Owl City's official Vevo. On the same day, Adam Young tweeted about the video saying, "It's always a #goodtime going camping with @CarlyRaeJepsen" with a link to the video on YouTube. The video features both Jepsen and Young. It was filmed in Harriman State Park's Silvermine Picnic Area.
The third international single, "This Kiss", was released on September 10, 2012. It achieved moderate success on the charts, reached at #86 on "Billboard" Hot 100, and #23 on "Canadian" Hot 100, being the sixth top 40 hit in Canada.
The single "Almost Said It" was released exclusively on the Canadian iTunes Store in December 2012. The single received no promotion, and did not appear on the charts. The fourth and final international single from the album was the fan-favorite "Tonight I'm Getting Over You" which was the lone track produced by Max Martin and Lukas Hilbert. She debuted the song at the 2013 NRJ Music Awards, where she also performed it along with "Call Me Maybe". In January 27, she posted on her Facebook account that she shot the music video in Los Angeles. "Picture" was released on January 23, 2013, exclusively on the Japan iTunes Store as a single to promote the Japanese Tour Edition.
Other songs.
Without any disclosure, "Beautiful" reached at #87 on "Billboard" Hot 100, #48 on ARIA Charts, #37 on Tracklisten, #87 on Irish Singles Chart, #68 on UK Singles Chart, and #37 on "Canadian" Hot 100, being Jepsen's seventh top 40 hit in Canada and Bieber's twenty-second top 40 hit in Canada.
Promotion.
Televised concerts.
To promote the album, Jepsen appeared in several live, awards ceremonies and televised appearances, performing the singles "Call Me Maybe", "Good Time", and "This Kiss". "Call Me Maybe" was performed by Jepsen at the "2012 Billboard Music Awards" on May 20, 2012, the "2012 MuchMusic Video Awards" on June 17, 2012, the "2012 Teen Choice Awards" on July 22, 2012, the "2012 MTV Europe Music Awards" on November 11, 2012, and several others.
Alongside synthpop duo, Owl City, the Canadian chanteuse sang their collaborative single, "Good Time", at "America's Got Talent" on August 22, 2012,"Today" on August 23, 2012, U.S. Open's "Arthur Ashe Kids' Day" on August 25, 2012,"The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" on August 28, 2012, and "Conan" on August 29, 2012.
On the drop-date of "Kiss", "This Kiss" and "Call Me Maybe" were performed on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" by Jepsen. Additional performances of "This Kiss" were held at "So You Think You Can Dance" on September 18, 2012, "90210'"s episode "Till Death Do Us Part" on October 8, 2012, and "Late Show with David Letterman" on October 25, 2012. Jepsen performed "This Kiss", "Your Heart Is a Muscle", "Guitar String / Wedding Ring" and "Call Me Maybe" at "Walmart Soundcheck" on September 26, 2012.
Jepsen performed "This Kiss" and "Call Me Maybe" at American Music Awards of 2012 on November 18, 2012. Jepsen performed "This Kiss" and Call Me Maybe" at "Halftime Show" during 100th Grey Cup on November 25, 2012. On December 2, 2012, Jepsen performed at "The Big Jingle 2012". Jepsen performed "Call Me Maybe" and "Tonight I'm Getting Over You" at NRJ Music Awards of 2012 on January 26, 2013.
Jepsen performed "Sweetie" on the "Shake It Up" episode "Fair Librarian It Up", which aired on February 24, 2013.
Believe Tour.
Jepsen also promoted the album when opening for Justin Bieber during their "Believe Tour" in North America, Ireland and United Kingdom dates. During "Believe Tour", Jepsen performed "Sweetie", "Tiny Little Bows", "Good Time" with Cody Simpson, "Tonight I'm Getting Over You", "Curiosity", "This Kiss", "Your Heart is a Muscle", "Hurt So Good", "Call Me Maybe", and "Beautiful" with Bieber.
Reception.
Following its release, "Kiss" received generally mixed-to-favorable reviews from music critics with an aggregated metascore of 63 of 100 in Metacritic based on 13 reviews.
The positive reviews came in from AllMusic, "Entertainment Weekly", Idolator, "Los Angeles Times", "Now", PopMatters, "Toronto Star" and the "USA Today". Heather Phares of AllMusic gave the album four out of five stars, saying "After a string of fantastical glamazon pop stars like Rihanna, Lady Gaga, and Nicki Minaj, there's something to be said for Jepsen's girl-next-door persona, which helps make "Kiss" one of 2012's best, and sweetest, pop albums." AllMusic also named "Kiss" as one of its top 10 albums of 2012 citing its "solid songwriting and fizzy melodies to prove her success 2012-defining single "Call Me Maybe" wasn't a fluke." Adam Markovitz of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the album a B- grade, noting that the album "makes a mad dash for good-enoughness." Sam Lansky of Idolator gave the album four out of five stars, complimenting Jepsen's voice "... and Jepsen's voice proves a surprisingly effective instrument, since she doesn't need an extraordinary range to be one of the more emotive vocalists in the game." Mikael Wood of "Los Angeles Times" gave it a three out of four stars, evoked how the album "...feels like a successful attempt to invest pheromone-rush dance pop with a bit of old-soul wisdom." Benjamin Boles of "Now" gave it a four out of five stars, proclaiming the album for containing "...two just okay songs and 14 great ones is better than most acts can manage on their greatest hits packages, let alone their second album." Evan Sawdey of PopMatters gave the album a seven out of ten rating, surmising that ""Kiss" will not be looked at as one of the all-time great pop albums. Yet song-for-song, Jepsen proves she has more talent than half of the stars out there, managing to not only sell virtually every word on the album but also managing to make it all sound off-the-cuff and effortless, ultimately creating a bubbly pop playground that is both catchy and endearing without having to turn base or crude to get there...If she keeps putting out quality material like virtually all of Kiss, that thankfully will not be the only thing that defines her." Ben Rayner of the "Toronto Star" gave the album three out of four stars, complimenting it for being "...almost as insidiously easy on the ears," but also criticized its use of the "Call Me Maybe" template: "It's all so bright and immediate and perfectly pleasurable, though, that you don't really realize that you've essentially just listened to the same tune eight times in a row." Rayner ended the review by saying, "Get over the guilt and give in to the pleasure." Brian Mansfield of "USA Today" rated the album three stars out of four, and said that Carly Rae Jepsen "doesn't always lay herself open the way she does in "Call Me Maybe". Much of her album is prefab dance-pop." To this, Mansfield wrote that "There's not another hit like 'Call Me Maybe'. But there's enough substance to ensure she's more than a one-hit wonder."
However, the less positive reviews came from the "Daily News", "The Guardian", MusicOMH, "Rolling Stone", Slant Magazine and Sputnikmusic. Jim Farber of the "Daily News" gave the album a two out of five stars, writing "No doubt Jepsen's handlers know this, but they didn't feel they could risk switching things up. Instead, they confined her more than ever, tethering her to a role that renders "Kiss" this year's most redundant disc." Caroline Sullivan of "The Guardian" gave the album two out of five stars, saying "On this album, her voice is still her Achilles heel; she's a 26-year-old who sounds 16, and a colourless 16 at that." Sullivan however noted that she liked "Beautiful" the most, which she called a "faux-folk ballad" and "a sweet duet with Justin Bieber [...] that suggests that neither artist is completely irredeemable". Blair Kelly of MusicOMH gave it two out of five stars, criticizing the album as "a huge disappointment. It could have been a real gem for fans of guilty pleasure pop, but even Taylor Swift comes across as dark and edgy compared to the squeak of this overproduced laziness. Perhaps the global impact of the massive Call Me Maybe is what makes the album as a whole feel like a damp squib, but with or without US Marine parody videos, the rest of the album fizzles out into synth-pop oblivion." Jon Dolan of "Rolling Stone" gave it two and half out of five stars, stating "..."Kiss" too often defaults to mediocre dance pop like the Owl City collaboration "Good Time" – heavy on Disney-fied thump, light on memorable hooks that might highlight her unassuming adorableness." Yorgo Douramacos of Slant Magazine gave it two and a half out of five stars, and despite noting Jepsen for "her simplicity and directness", felt "The fact that it's often expressed in seemingly direct, if dramatically overstated, elements should deceive no one. These are mythically complex creatures. Don't believe me? Ask a teenage boy."
Commercial performance.
In the United States, the album debuted at number 6 with 46,000 copies sold its in first week. In the second week on the chart, it dropped to number 20 after selling 19,000 copies. As of February 2013, the album has sold 226,000 copies. In Japan, the album debuted at number 4 with 29,528 copies sold its in first week. In the second week on the chart, it dropped to number 6 after selling 19,022 copies.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from "Kiss" at Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="36637604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637604" title="Aminata Aboubakar Yacoub">
Aminata Aboubakar Yacoub

Aminata Aboubakar Yacoub (born 22 June 1989 in Epena, Republic of the Congo) is a Republic of the Congo swimmer. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's 50m freestyle event. Yacoub ranked at 69 and would not advance to the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36637605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637605" title="Southern Crossing (California)">
Southern Crossing (California)

The Southern Crossing is a proposed highway bridge that would span San Francisco Bay in California, somewhere south of the San Francisco – Oakland Bay Bridge and north of the San Mateo – Hayward Bridge. Several proposals have been made for over the past half-century, varying in design and specific location, but none of them have ever been approved due to cost, environmental and other concerns.
The idea for the Southern Crossing dates back to the 1940s when several additional bridges across San Francisco Bay were studied. One early proposal called for the bridge to span between Third and Army Streets, with a direct connection to the Bayshore Freeway, in San Francisco to near Bay Farm Island in Alameda. Another idea was to connect the bridge directly to Alameda, enabling eastbound traffic to travel across that city and through the Posey and Webster Street Tubes to a point in Oakland near the present-day western terminus of Interstate 980. Yet another alternative was to include both the Alameda and Bay Farm Island connections, and build a junction in the middle of the bay off the western shore of Alameda. In addition, architect Frank Lloyd Wright and engineer Jaroslav Joseph Polivka collaborated on designing a reinforced concrete "Butterfly Bridge", consisting of twin arches spanning 2,000 feet above the bay's main ship channel. However, such proposals never got beyond the drawing board because of cost concerns.
A bond measure was put in the ballot in 1972 that would have funded a planned crossing from Hunters Point and Alameda, but voters rejected it. Then in the 1980s, State Senator Quentin L. Kopp attempted to pass legislation to help build the Southern Crossing, but that also died after facing opposition from environmental groups.
U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein revived the Southern Crossing proposal in 2000, writing a letter to California Governor Gray Davis that a study of an alternative bay crossing "must be undertaken promptly", citing projections on growing traffic congestion. But after a two year study, the Metropolitan Transportation Commission concluded that it would cost at least $8.2 billion to build a bridge from Interstate 238 in Hayward to Interstate 380 in San Bruno. The idea was then shelved until 2010 when the Bay Area Toll Authority voted to spend up to $400,000 to conduct another two-year study on the proposed bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="36637619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637619" title="Jessica Teixeira Vieira">
Jessica Teixeira Vieira

Jessica Teixeira Vieira (born 13 November 1991 in Maputo, Mozambique) is a Mozambican swimmer. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 50 m freestyle event.

</doc>
<doc id="36637626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637626" title="Lahinja, Semič">
Lahinja, Semič

Lahinja (; also "Lahinja pri Sredgori", in older sources "Lahina"; or "Lachina bei Mittenwald"; Gottscheerish: "Lachinə") is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Planina.
Name.
The name "Lahinja" is shared with the Lahinja River. If the names share the same origin, then it is derived from *"Vlahinja", based on the root *"Vlah" and originally referring to pre-Slavic Romanized Celtic inhabitants of the area but also applied to later Uskok settlers in the region. Another theory derives the name of the village from Middle High German "lâchen" 'to mark trees with a blaze'. In the past the German name was "Lachina".
History.
Lahinja was a Gottschee German village. In the land registry of 1574 the village had three full farms divided into six half-farms with seven owners, corresponding to a population between 25 and 30. The village attained its maximum population in 1880, with 56 people living in nine houses. It had five houses and a population of only 32 in 1931. At this time, the economy of the village was based on raising animals, tending vineyards at Rodine, and selling firewood, logs, and wooden goods. The original inhabitants were evicted from the village on 24 November 1941. It was burned by Italian troops in the summer of 1942 during the Rog Offensive and was never rebuilt.

</doc>
<doc id="36637630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637630" title="Macquarie Film Corporation">
Macquarie Film Corporation

The Macquarie Film Corporation was a short lived Australian film finance company that operated from 2002-2006. It was an off-shoot of Macquarie Bank Limited.
Background.
The MFC was one of only two companies licensed under the Film Licensed Investment Company Act 1998. This was a scheme proposed by David Gonski in his 1997 Review of Commonwealth Assistance to the Film Industry. Investors received 100 per cent tax concessions for buying shares in a Film Licensed Investment Company (FLIC), which, in turn, invested in qualifying Australian programs. The goal was to spread investors risk across a slate of productions instead of single projects. The other licence was granted to Content Capital Ltd. Each company could raise up to $20 million in capital over two financial years, ending June 2000. 
Both companies achieve a balance between commercial and cultural imperatives, through the people associated with the companies, and in the philosophies guiding their business plans. Content Capital's strengths lie in its film industry expertise and experience, and in its commitment to development of emerging and existing talent. Macquarie Film Corporation's strengths are in the substantial capital and corporate structure supporting the company and its portfolio approach to investment. The variation in approach, and the equal division of concessional capital between these two companies, will help in the evaluation of the scheme and provide an opportunity to assess different operating models.
Charles Wheeler, an executive director of Macquarie Bank and director of the MFC said the company expected the venture to make pre-tax returns of 20 to 25 per cent and hoped to eventually be able to finance films offshore:
We are hoping to become a major player in the finance entertainment industry in Australia and this is perhaps the start of more activity in this area.. It's a huge potential industry and there's virtually no limit to the amount of money one could invest in film, provided you have a global focus... We think there is a formula by which you can make money from film, but to do that you have to focus on commercial productions, and the more commercial they are, the better... It's the first time this idea has been tried in Australia, so to make it attractive to investors it's important there's some tax advantage. But we are hopeful that by the end of this pilot scheme we will have sufficient evidence to demonstrate ... that film is a very viable investment and they don't need the incentives.
Macquarie also created another company, Macquarie Filmed Investments, to manage MFC's investments and oversee strategy in return for a management fee. 
Others on the Board of MFC were Bryan Lowe (Chief Executive), Russell Leslie, Kerrie Mather, Michael McMichael, and James Mitchell, former General Manager of Beyond International. "It will be interesting to see how Macquarie Bank...make creative decisions about the projects they will support," said one industry observer.
$22.4 million was raised under the FLICS, $16.26 million for Macquarie and $6.14 million for Content Capital. Macquarie Film Corporation Ltd was managed by Macquarie Filmed Investments Pty Ltd. Its 2000 prospectus promised returns of 25 percent over five years and a diversified portfolio.
Films.
The Corporation operated in conjunction with the government-financed Film Finance Corporation (FFC). If a producer had a local distribution agreement and a foreign sales agent, the FFC would commit half the budget. Macquarie Film Corporation would put up the rest.
MFC got off to a strong start with its first movie, "Dirty Deeds", which was popular at the box office, followed by the even more successful "Crackerjack", which grossed $8.6 million for a cost of $3.5 million.
Another attempt at raising funds was made in 2002 and 2003 using a vehicle called the Nine Macquarie Film Fund. Around $20 million was raised. This fund was able to promise at least a 50% return due to Nine's guaranteed acquisition of two television series, "Young Lions" ad "McLeod's Daughters". It was later felt that the fund raisings were a way for Channel Nine to shift the cost of producing those series off its books and an additional slate of movies was a device to lure investors. Films financed using this fund included "Getting Square", "The Extra", "Under the Radar", and "You and Your Stupid Mate". These were distributed by Channel Nine and Hoyts, which at the time were both owned by Kerry Packer.
However most of the subsequent movies were poorly received and did badly at the box office. Investors received a dividend of only 15 cents in the dollar. Even the most successful films proved not that profitable - Macquarie's investment in Crackerjack was $930,000 but by the end of 2004 investors had only recouped $663,000.
A number of criticism were made of Macquarie Film Corporation including:
Richard Harris of the Australian Directors Guild stated that, "There was an almost cynical approach to film which said that if we, you know, we get involved with these films we can find the right formula that have worked with audiences and if we put them out to market they'll work straight away."
One filmmaker said in 2006 that ""Macquarie nearly killed the film industry".
TV.
Unmade Projects.
The following film project were announced by Macquarie but not made:
Financial Results.
Returns for the Macquarie Film Corporation on investments by end of 2004:

</doc>
<doc id="36637643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637643" title="Hem Thon Vitiny">
Hem Thon Vitiny

Hem Thon Vitiny (ហែម ថុនវិទិនី born 7 September 1993 in Phnom Penh, Cambodia) is a Cambodian swimmer. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 50 m freestyle event and finished with a rank of 57 in the first round. Vitiny did not advance to the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36637677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637677" title="Ak Hafiy Tajuddin Rositi">
Ak Hafiy Tajuddin Rositi

Ak Hafiy Tajuddin Rositi (; born 4 July 1991 in Bandar Seri Begawan, Brunei) is a Bruneian runner. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 400 m event and he was defeated after first round although he finished in his personal best after 48.67. The 5th child of 10 siblings.

</doc>
<doc id="36637684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637684" title="New Beginnings (TV series)">
New Beginnings (TV series)

New Beginnings (红白囍事) is a 20-episode Singaporean drama which debuted on 14 April 2010.
Plot.
The plot revolves around the Li family, who are in the wedding business, and the Cai family, who run a mortuary. The Chinese traditionally believe that the "red" (represents fortune and happiness) and "white" (associated with death) are not to be associated. As fate would have it, the younger generation cross paths and love blossoms.
Reception.
"New Beginnings" was well received by audiences. It came second for the year 2010, behind "With You", in terms of viewership numbers with around 937,000 viewers per episode.

</doc>
<doc id="36637689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637689" title="Charlie Cole">
Charlie Cole

Charlie Cole may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36637696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637696" title="Sergey Zaikov">
Sergey Zaikov

Sergey Zaikov (Russian:Сергей Зайков, born 23 September 1987 in Pavlodar, Kazakhstan) is a Kazakhstani runner. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 400 m event and he was defeated after first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36637698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637698" title="MRWA A class">
MRWA A class

The MRWA A class was a class of steam locomotives built by Kitson & Co. in Leeds, England, for the Midland Railway of Western Australia (MRWA). The class's wheel arrangement was 2-8-2.
Service history.
The first three members of the A class, nos A21–A23, entered service in 1926. Two further batches of A class units followed, nos A24–A26 in 1927 and A27–A29 in 1929.
Withdrawals began in 1957, with A25 being the first to go. The others were withdrawn in 1958, and all were sold and cut up for scrap in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="36637702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637702" title="Ahmed Mohamed Al-Merjabi">
Ahmed Mohamed Al-Merjabi

Ahmed Mohamed Al-Merjabi (born 9 September 1990 in Ibra, Oman) is an Omani runner. He was scheduled to compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 400 m event but injured his foot in training and did not start the race.

</doc>
<doc id="36637710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637710" title="Scherzo diabolico">
Scherzo diabolico

Scherzo diabolico ("Diabolical scherzo") is the third of the Études in the minor keys, Op. 39 for solo piano by the French composer Charles-Valentin Alkan. It is in G minor. The piece is in ternary form, beginning in G minor, and having a trio in G major. It shares many similarities with Chopin's B-flat minor scherzo, Op. 31.
The scherzo begins softly, with a phrase in G minor, coloured by a chromatic A. This chromaticism recurs throughout the scherzo by the use of the Neapolitan sixth. It is very driving and obsessive, containing numerous fast arpeggios.
The trio, marked "un poco più largamente", is completely contrasting, containing huge, loud chords.
The scherzo then returns, but in "ppp", and containing an instruction to hold down the una corda and damper pedals. Controlling the huge energy and velocity of the scherzo poses a very difficult challenge to the pianist, and its difficulty is increased on modern pianos.

</doc>
<doc id="36637716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637716" title="Alibeyli, Tarsus">
Alibeyli, Tarsus

Alibeyli is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated to the west of Turkish state highway at . The distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of the village was 304 as of 2011. The main agricultural product of the village is grape.

</doc>
<doc id="36637717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637717" title="Shinoona Al-Habsi">
Shinoona Al-Habsi

Shinoona Salah Al-Habsi (born 3 July 1993 in Muscat, Oman) is an Omani runner. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 100 m event and she was eliminated after the preliminary round.

</doc>
<doc id="36637730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637730" title="Gailen David">
Gailen David

Gailen David is a motivational speaker, television travel correspondent, media consultant and former flight attendant known for his discussion of travel manners and etiquette. He is editor of the online travel magazine savvystews.com and co-founder of the Savvy Stews Network. David became well known in 2012 when his "Aluminum Lady" videos went viral. David is currently working on a project with Palm Air airlines to offer seaplane service from Coconut Grove to Key West, Florida.
Career & Biography.
David was born in Washington, D.C. and raised in suburban Atlanta. At age 10, he started a travel agency in his bedroom and began planning trips for neighbors and business associates of his parents. Eastern Airlines became aware of his travel enterprise and took him under their wing; supporting his travel business, including him in Eastern events such as press conferences, receptions and even aircraft retirement ceremonies such as the farewell to the Lockheed Electra.
Travel Agent.
The travel business called to David from an early age. By the age of nine, with a copy of the Official Airline Guide and the family telephone in hand, he began arranging flights for friends and family. A year later, Eastern Air Lines invited him for a tour of an airport, and in 1977, David got his first taste of media exposure with a feature in "Travel Weekly". 
By the age of 18, David was routinely booking flights for himself while working summers in his father's business and travelling across the USA. After joining a conversation between a travel agent and a client at Atlanta's The Travel Company, David's knowledge of air travel routes and ticket deals persuaded the agent to employ him on the spot. As much as he enjoyed working at the agency, working on board on aircraft was David's calling and he couldn't get the idea out of his mind.
American Airlines.
David began applying for jobs as a flight attendant at the age of 19 and two years later was accepted for training by American Airlines, qualifying as cabin crew in 1988 and remained with American until 2012 as a flight attendant, purser and staff trainer. As a trainer, he was responsible for developing the curriculum used in the airline's in-house training programs and produced several training videos.
Customer Service Training.
By late 1998, David was becoming increasingly stressed by issues with passengers. After one such issue, where he used the aircraft PA system to explain that a delay in meal service was being caused by a family in business class, he decided to take a leave of absence to recharge and focus. Upon his return in 1999, seeing him armed with fresh, new approach to dealing with customers, American Airlines asked him to give presentations at staff training workshops. To assist with his presentations, David made the humorous 2005 video, "Why I fly - Gailen's story," in which he describes how the frustrations of dealing with passengers dampened his initial enthusiasm about the airline industry. The video (which featured a raving David being carried away in a straitjacket) proved popular with American's employees, and was eventually incorporated into company training sessions. 
Video Controversy.
On November 29, 2011, American Airlines controversially declared bankruptcy, in what Time magazine interpreted as a negotiating ploy to reduce expenses, and announced plans to drastically reduce employee benefits and outsource many positions. David felt that this was part of a trend for airline management to put profits and personal perks ahead of the interests of passengers and staff. 
Beginning in February 2012, David highlighted his concerns by posting a series of online videos centered on a fictional character, "The Aluminum Lady." These were intended as a parody of the management culture that he felt existed at American Airlines, where hundreds of millions of dollars were paid out as executive bonuses while employees were laid off or forced to take pay cuts. 
The Aluminum Lady videos went viral on YouTube. Shortly afterwards, on March 14, 2012, American Airlines terminated David's employment. 
Despite a widespread public perception that the videos were the reason for his termination, an American Airlines spokesperson denied this, claiming that David was fired as a result of “...repeated violations of passenger privacy...", after David made public situations in which full-fare American Airlines passengers were denied boarding and downgraded in order to accommodate first class travel for current, former and retired American Airlines executives and their families using their lifetime American Airlines passes. On April 10, 2012, the airline filed a suit against David in a North Texas District Court, claiming that he had illegally published company information detailing the travel plans of several senior executives and board members. The suit also claimed that David had made improper use of the company's AA trademarks on his website, citing as examples video titles such as "la vida locAA and Downright AAsinine".
On September 5, 2012, American Airlines dropped their lawsuit, after the court approved a settlement with David. American agreed to the dismissal with prejudice of all the claims they had filed against David. The settlement prevents Gailen David from posting confidential American Airlines information, but does not prevent him from posting his opinions about American Airlines or from producing additional "Aluminum Lady" videos. 
The Association of Professional Flight Attendants filed a termination grievance on David's behalf calling the basis of his dismissal groundless and sought his reinstatement. American has since reached a settlement with David and his employment is permanently severed.
Despite this history with the airline, David still routinely flies with American.
Savvy Omnimedia.
In September 2007, David co-founded Savvy Omnimedia with his business partner, travel correspondent and fellow flight attendant Bobby Laurie. This company produces a variety of travel-related content including The Savvy Stews Network. 
The Savvy Stews Network and Television Appearances.
The Savvy Stews Network is an independent online travel network produced by David and co-founder, Bobby Laurie's Savvy Omnimedia. The network's site features travel tips written from an insider perspective, destination guides and product reviews. David is the executive producer and on-air travel host of the "Savvy Stews" segments shown on Daytime, the syndicated U.S morning show, in 110 markets and The Daily Buzz, which screens in 175 markets, as well as other local and regional morning shows.
Savvy Stews Network also produces a bi-weekly web-reality show, "Savvy Stews", following David and Laurie as they visit US and international destinations.
Palm Air.
In 2013, David began working with Palm Air airlines to bring seaplane service from Coconut Grove to Key West in Florida. Palm Air's inaugural 1-hour Key West-Coconut Grove flight took place in October 2013. The intimate Palm Air seaplane service aspires to bring the nostalgia and style of seaplanes back to Coconut Grove, the former base of iconic Pan Am Airlines. 
Books.
Jetiquette… The Customer Experience And You (2008)
In this book, David shares his experience as a flight attendant and uncovers the path to personal and professional success and satisfaction through a positive mindset.
Other.
Jetiquette.
In 2007, David coined and trademarked the term "Jetiquette" to promote civility in the air travel industry, with the aim of improving the travel experience for both passengers and airline personnel. He regularly discusses proper travel manners, etiquette and faux pas on his blog at SavvyStews.com. David now promotes Jetiquette through his website, offering presentations and workshops, and has also written a book on the subject, published in 2008. He was awarded the "Travel Weekly" silver 2008 Magellan Award for the program.
Protocol School of Washington.
David has been a faculty member at the Protocol School of Washington since 2008. This is the only accredited protocol school in the United States.
SkySteward.
In November 2009, David launched a consultancy site, SkySteward, which aims to provide accurate information on the airline industry to media outlets. The site also promotes the Jetiquette program and answers travellers' questions on how to behave while flying in a way that makes the experience as pleasant as possible for everyone involved. As The Sky Steward, David gives presentations to corporate clients on air travel; clients so far have included the Southern California Safety Institute, Transport Canada and Sabre. Media clients include USA Today, The Wall Street Journal, MSNBC, NBC, NPR and Fox News.
Coco G Collective.
Co-founded by David in 2011, the Coco G Collective is a buying agency which specializes in fashion apparel and accessories. It is the official Southeastern USA and Caribbean representative of Pan Am Brands, which produces the well known Pan Am Bag.
Other Media Activity.
On April 1, 2013, Savvy Stews ran an April Fool article claiming that David, Laurie and "Sassy Stew" Shawn Kathleen had been selected as flight attendants on Lindsay Lohan's private jet.
Philanthropy.
Dress for Success Worldwide is an international charitable organisation which assists underprivileged women in gaining access to professional jobs, by providing them with suitable clothing for interviews as well as a range of career guidance services. In January 2009 David joined the board of his local affiliate, Dress For Success Miami, which assists approximately 1,500 women every year. In 2010 he became President of the affiliate's Board of Directors.

</doc>
<doc id="36637746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637746" title="Bamab Napo">
Bamab Napo

Bamab Napo (born 23 May 1984 in Dimouri, Togo) is a Togoese runner. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 100 m event and she was eliminated after the qualifying heats.

</doc>
<doc id="36637761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637761" title="Ardıçlı, Tarsus">
Ardıçlı, Tarsus

Ardıçlı is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the Taurus Mountains to the west of Turkish state highway at . The distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of the village was 450 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36637768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637768" title="Ferenc Kersch">
Ferenc Kersch

Ferenc Kersch (Bácsalmás, 1853 – Esztergom, 1910) was a Hungarian composer. He was a student of Liszt and teacher of Artúr Harmat.
Works, editions and recordings.
Recordings
References.
BMC brief bio in Hungarian

</doc>
<doc id="36637789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637789" title="MRWA D class">
MRWA D class

The MRWA D class was a class of 2-8-0 type steam locomotives built by Baldwin Locomotive Works in Philadelphia, USA, for the haulage of goods traffic on the Midland Railway of Western Australia (MRWA).
Service history.
The two members of the A class, nos D19 and D20, were ordered in 1919 and completed in 118 working days. They were dismantled, boxed, and shipped on 5 April 1920, before entering service later that year.
Both locomotives survived the dieselisation of the MRWA in 1958 as emergency power. They were written off in April 1963, and scrapped soon afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="36637803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637803" title="Çavuşlu, Tarsus">
Çavuşlu, Tarsus

Çavuşlu is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the southern slopes of the Taurus Mountains to the east of Turkish state highway . The distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of the village was 318 as of 2011. The main agricultural product of the village is grape.

</doc>
<doc id="36637810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637810" title="Economic liberalisation in Pakistan">
Economic liberalisation in Pakistan

The Economic liberalization in Pakistan refers to a policy measure programme in order to promote and accelerate the economic independence and development in the economic context of history of Pakistan. Started in different times in the history of the country, the programme was intended and had mainstream goal to promote GDP growth for the national economy and economical and social values in the country.
This programme was first conceived in early 1980s and thoroughly studied by the ministry of finance led by finance ministers Ghulam Ishaq Khan and Mahbub-ul-Haq and was implemented first by Pakistan Muslim League and the Prime minister Nawaz Sharif, as part of the privatization programme in 1990. The programme of economic liberalization, as one of the counter-policy measure proramme, came in a direct response to nationalization programme of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in 1970s. After the 1993 general elections, the programme was halted and reversed by Prime minister Benazir Bhutto and the Peoples Party after the Pressler amendment went into complete effect and force, that led the economic and financial crises in Pakistan. A much powerful socialist capitalism version was adopted in order to secure the revenue and financial capital of existing state-owned enterprises, with enforcement of nationalization and privatization at once. Second attempt was again attempted by the Pakistan Muslim League and Prime minister Nawaz Sharif after securing exclusive mandate during the 1997 general elections, however abruptly terminated the programme after weapon-test performances in Chagai weapons-testing laboratories in 1998 (See Chagai-I and Chagai-II) and the Karilg debacle in 1999.
Once again, the comprehensive and much more effective studies were conducted by then-Finance minister and Prime minister Shaukat Aziz in 2000 after assuming the charge of national economy as an aftermath of 1999 coup d'état. The fruits of liberalization reached their peak in 2003-04 when Pakistan recorded its highest national GDP growth to 8.96%~9.9%. With recording the enormous GDP growth, Pakistan stand in the line of world's leading and fastest growing economies in the world, next to Peoples' Republic of China (PRC). In 2008-10, Pakistan is ranked 47th largest in the world in nominal terms and 27th largest in the world in terms of purchasing power parity (PPP).
Exclusive liberalism.
After exclusive establishment of Pakistan, the country's economic policy for the rapid growth of the national economy was deeply understood and extensive efforts were carried out by the government of Prime minister Liaquat Ali Khan in 1947. Since 1947, economic officials of government have sought a high rate of economic growth in an effort to lift the population out of poverty, first viewing rapid heavy industrialization and strong and powerful Private-sector as necessity and quick economic solution. At the partition in 1947, Ali Khan's government lacked qualified technical personnel, financial institutions, and natural resources to play a large role in developing the economy. Policies were goaded in the road of liberalism and state intervention at once to promote the national growth. The Five-Year Plans of Pakistan resembled planned and central planning exclusively restricted for the military contracts, power and energy sector, and manufacture and operation of railroad network, telephone, telegraph, and wireless equipment. The rest of the sectors were left for the private-sector ownership management.
However, the efforts to liberalize the economy waned due to amid social and political unrest which led to the first martial law in the country. President Ayub Khan took many initiatives for liberalizing the economy and successfully supervised the promulgation of the 1962 Constitution that introduced extreme level of economic liberalization of the economy. Widely appreciated and backed by the United States to liberalize the economy, the reforms on the other hand, came with controversies and popular rejections by the civil society. In public circles, the considerable debate about the inequitable distribution of income, wealth, and economic power began to take place at national level. Studies by economists from government institutions in the 1960s indicated that the forty big industrial oligarch groups have had owned around 42% of the nation's industrial assets and more than 50% of private domestic assets. Eight of the nine major commercial banks were also controlled by these same industrial groups. Concern over the concentration of wealth was dramatically articulated in a 1968 speech by dr. Mahbub-ul-Haq, the chief economist of the Planning Commission. Dr. Haq and the officials at planning commission claimed that Pakistan's national economic growth had done little to improve the standard of living of the common person and that the "trickle-down approach to development" had only concentrated wealth in the hands of "twenty-two industrial families." The Planning Commission argued that the government needed to intervene in the economy to correct the natural tendency of free markets to concentrate wealth in the hands of those who already possessed substantial assets.
Era of economic progressiveness.
After the 1971 war, Bhutto launched a much serious policy measure programme in 1971, called nationalization programme. Under this programme, all major liberalized industries came under intense government-ownership management where majority of industries were vertically integrated. Under limited five year of his government, the public and government sector expanded greatly, and government investment grew each and every year to boost the function of the industries. An extreme level of left-wing but nationalist economics reforms were introduced by Bhutto to raise the economic revenue of the government sector while curbing down the liberalize private-sector.
Reforms and Islamization.
In 1977, the government of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) was ousted in a coup d'état under codename, "Fair Play". Immediately, a new programme of reforms were introduced in order to secure the private-sector from being diminished in the country's economical platform. There were two cornerstones of President Zia-ul-Haq's economic policy, including liberalization and Islamization of the economy. The government employed and adopted many recommendation policy studies by professionals, engineers, and economists to meet the goals of economic reforms. The new policy relied upon building private-sector and enterprises to achieve economic goals. Although, the new policy focused on liberalization of economy but it fell under the Islamization programme, and forcefully reversed the nationalization programme.
Several industries were privatized but not banks that were kept under government-ownership management. Under a new policy, the private-sector investment grew from ~33.0% in 1980 to ~44% in 1989. A new system was also formed in 1979, which marked the Islamization of the economy. The new Islamize ordinances were promulgated which also absorbed the liberalization of the economy under a new economic system.
Persuasive economic liberalization.
As an aftermath of 1990 general elections, the conservatives for the first in the history of the country came to power under a democratic system. This right-wing alliance, Islamic Democratic Alliance (IDA), was led by Nawaz Sharif who was also country's elected Prime minister. Major ground base was built in order to liberalize the economy and soon after his election, an intense privatization and liberalization programme was started in 1990. From the statements issued by Sharif, both publicly and privately, the privatization and liberalization programmes were the pillars of Sharif's economic policies. Nawaz Sharif aggressively forwarded towards the privatization, deregulation and liberalization of private sector in a vision to "turning Pakistan into a Korea by encouraging greater private saving and investment to accelerate economic growth". Prime Minister Sharif's economics team actually implemented some of the serious economic liberalization and privatization measures that previous governments merely talked about. Many of the members of previous regimes now are seen arguing vociferously from the unfortunate position of, ""we were going to do that too"".
The liberalization of economy was intended to end the government subsidiaries and to reduce the role of the government in national economy. Successful attempts were carried out by Sharif to expand the role of the private sector, and to redress the imbalances in social services. From 1990 to 1993, the private and foreign investments were greatly relaxed. This was followed by the liberalization of the foreign exchange which was readily free, and at the same time, the interest rates were substantially liberalized, credit subsidies were cut, and energy prices were moved much closer to costs. The economic liberalization and structural reform measures were necessary and had been overdue at that time. However, instead of being pursued with even greater vigor and effectiveness, the liberalization programme could not substitute for adequate stabilization efforts and macroeconomic stability. By the end of 1993 which was the year of ousting the government of Nawaz Sharif, the benefits from economic liberalization were seriously limited in the absence of reduction of effective macroeconomic policies. As it grappled with the ongoing foreign exchange crisis in early 1993-97, Pakistan’s most urgent economic need was to raise both national savings and exports.
Era of economic stagflation.
The United States based Pressler amendment and the Asian financial crisis severed the economic conditions in Pakistan. The growth of the economy relatively slowed down in the year 1993-97, the country failed to attract the foreign investors to boost the economy. Responding to the crises, Benazir Bhutto tightened the control of megacorporations while on other hand, continued the privatization of mediocre industries to private-sector. From the period 1994-96, the level of corruption heightened and the charges against Benazir Bhutto gained currency. In midst of 1993, Benazir Bhutto embarked an ambitious medium term programme, Eighth Five-Year Plans, that was aimed to adjust the macroeconomics principles to alleviate the national economy. But, it had produced the short-lived outcomes and in 1994-95, the country had performed the economic results below its potential. Major concessions were made in taxation and monetary policies and the annual budget clearly confirmed the pause in the process of adjustment and reform, eliciting an adverse market reaction. This policy participated in sharp rise in unemployment and rapid deterioration in the external reserves position, bringing the country back to the brink of a foreign exchange crisis in October 1995. In 1996-97, Pakistan have ranked and regarded as "highly in-debt developing country" by the international financial organizations.
This led the dismissal of Benazir Bhutto's government, and the return of Nawaz Sharif with an exclusive mandate in the 1997 general elections. Sharif again put forward the aggressive privatization and liberalization programme, starting first with new monetary and taxation policies. At government level, the private-sector was given much support and the public sector was declined under Sharif's new economic policy. Sharif's government liberalize the exchange rate policy and residents and nonresidents in the country were allowed the open foreign currency accounts with banks and NBFIs. However, such policies were short-lived when Pakistan under the leadership of Nawaz Sharif, ordered to perform nuclear tests in a direct response to Indian nuclear aggression, which led the imposition of UN embargo on both states.
Attainability of capital liberalization.
After the 1999 coup d'état, the new civic-military government brought the role of Shaukat Aziz as appointed Finance minister, who was destined to become country's successful technocratic Prime minister in 2004-07. The new economic liberalization efforts began in 2000 after a year of careful studies. A powerful and aggressive liberalization programme was launched with major state-owned enterprises (SOEs), banks, and other industries were put in private-sector ownership management. Particularly after 2001, the country went rapid rise in economic development and its GDP rate heightened first time in 1992. Shaukat Aziz aggressively implemented economic liberalization policies despite labor union's resentments and reserves. For the first time 1980s, the GDP growth rate reached to 9.0%, one of the highest growth rate in the world.
Period of stagflation and general impact in South Asia.
Although, the economic liberalization process in the country hit off the with great ground success, but in 1990s, the targets weren't successfully achieved because of the certain monetary obstacles and financial anomalies, despite the great expectation of Prime minister Nawaz Sharif. Ironically, the economic liberalization had a reversed effect on Pakistan's economic development unlike neighboring India who started the economic liberalization later than a year in Pakistan. In 1980-89, the economic reforms gained momentum and hard efforts were put to liberalize the economy before the Fall of communism in the Soviet Union, as country had realized long ago. Pakistan's economic liberalization reforms and policies were followed by India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, and Nepal, however, in all of these countries, the index of imports and economical GDP growth rates increased, except Pakistan where its economic rates were either stagnated and stagflated. As compared to Indian economic liberalization where growth rate of employment increased, on other hand, Pakistan's growth rate dramatically fell, though it did reached the level of negative percentage. Traditionally and in the universal terminology, the economic liberalization reforms are viewed as to grow and promote the GDP growth (such as India's GDP), the economic liberalization had halted Pakistan's GDP growth. The liberalization reforms in 1990s entered Pakistan's economy into the "Era of Stagflation" where the unemployment and inflation took sharp rise but other hand, the productivity and the quality assurance of products increased. The Era of Stagflation hit poor and working class very hard and the inflation kept to rise despite many initiatives were taken by the successive governments. Pakistan's economist and financial specialists are uncertain what caused the stagflation in the first place with some arguing that the planned economy of Prime minister Benazir Bhutto was doomed to failure from the very beginning, while others remained that there was a lack of coordination between fiscal and monetary authorities in a policies directed by Nawaz Sharif.

</doc>
<doc id="36637811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637811" title="Artúr Harmat">
Artúr Harmat

Artúr Harmat (Bojná, 27 June 1885 - Budapest, 26 April 1962) was a Hungarian composer. He was a student of Ferenc Kersch.

</doc>
<doc id="36637814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637814" title="Péter Nógrádi">
Péter Nógrádi

Péter Nógrádi (Budapest, 1952) is a Hungarian composer. He studied with Pál Károlyi Pál, and at the Ferenc Liszt Academy of Music with József Soproni.

</doc>
<doc id="36637817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637817" title="György Deák-Bárdos">
György Deák-Bárdos

György Deák-Bárdos (Budapest, 1905-1991) was a Hungarian composer, organist, singer and music teacher. He was the younger brother of Lajos Bárdos.

</doc>
<doc id="36637822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637822" title="Empogona">
Empogona

Empogona is a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family. The genus is found in tropical and southern Africa and Madagascar. It was for a time deemed a subgenus of "Tricalysia".

</doc>
<doc id="36637829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637829" title="Count Zero (band)">
Count Zero (band)

Count Zero is a band formed in Boston, Massachusetts in 1996 by former members of the electronic band Think Tree. The band is led by guitarist and vocalist Peter Moore. Their music has been featured on both Guitar Hero and Rock Band games.

</doc>
<doc id="36637832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637832" title="Alfred G. Jones">
Alfred G. Jones

Alfred George Jones (, 23 July 1846 in New Ross - 17 July 1905 in Tai'an) was a British baptist missionary to China. Jones had his own business in New Ross, Ireland which he delegated to his manager in order to go on his mission to China. He attended Lancashire Independent College, a dissenting academy from 1874 to 1876 and arrived in Yantai, Shandong in 1876. In the following year, he went to Qingzhou to assist Timothy Richard by keeping the accounts for an ongoing relief effort for the victims of the Northern Chinese Famine of 1876–1879. He continued to reside in Qingzhou with the exception of the period from 1889 to 1896, during which he lived in Zouping. He died when a building of the Taishan Temple in Tai'an that he was sleeping in collapsed during a storm.

</doc>
<doc id="36637843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637843" title="Çevreli, Tarsus">
Çevreli, Tarsus

Çevreli is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of antiquity) to the north of Berdan River and Berdan Dam reservoir. The distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of the village was 247 as of 2011. The main agricultural product of the village is grape.

</doc>
<doc id="36637846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637846" title="Miklós Mohay">
Miklós Mohay

Miklós Mohay (Budapest, 28 December 1960) is a Hungarian composer.

</doc>
<doc id="36637860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637860" title="Ivanhoe Mines">
Ivanhoe Mines

Ivanhoe Mines Ltd. (formerly Ivanplats Limited) is a Canadian mineral exploration and development company headquartered in Vancouver, British Columbia. It is the successor to the original Ivanhoe Mines, now known as Turquoise Hill Resources.
History.
The original Ivanhoe Mines was founded in 1994. In April 2012 Rio Tinto increased its ownership took control of the companies assets. As part of the deal it had to relinquish the Ivanhoe name. In August 2013 Rio Tinto renamed the company to Turquoise Hill Resources.
In October 2012 the new company Ivanplats Limited was listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. In August 2013 the company changed its name to Ivanhoe Mines.

</doc>
<doc id="36637865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637865" title="Levente Gyöngyösi">
Levente Gyöngyösi

Levente Gyöngyösi (Cluj-Napoca, 1975 ) is a Romania-born Hungarian composer. He moved to Hungary in 1989, when he was 14.

</doc>
<doc id="36637872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637872" title="Çiftlik, Tarsus">
Çiftlik, Tarsus

Çiftlik is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the southern slopes of the Taurus Mountains to the west of Turkish state highway . The distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of the village was 270 as of 2011. The main agricultural product of the village is grape.

</doc>
<doc id="36637885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637885" title="Snakadaktal">
Snakadaktal

Snakadaktal was an Australian five-piece indie pop/dream pop band, which formed in 2009 in Melbourne, Victoria and broke up on March 16, 2014. The band consists of Sean Heathcliff (guitar, vocals, synthesizers), Phoebe Cockburn (vocals, synthesizers) Joseph Clough (guitar), Jarrah Mccarty-Smith (bass), and Barna Nemeth (drums).
Biography.
Snakadaktal were named the Triple J Unearthed High winners for 2011. Following their success on Triple J, the band signed a record deal with I OH YOU Records.
On November 25, 2011, Snakadaktal released their debut EP "Snakadaktal" with I OH YOU Records. The two singles "Chimera" and "Air" from their self titled EP achieved high rotation on Triple J, with "Air" becoming the third-most played track on Triple J the week it premiered.
Snakadaktal's debut EP reached number 26 on the digital ARIA Charts in 2011. Their track "Air" was ranked #22 in the Triple J Hottest 100, 2011 and their song "Dance Bear" was voted #93 in the Triple J Hottest 100, 2012.
The band's debut LP, "Sleep in the Water", was released on 2 August 2013. "Hung on Tight" was the first official single from the album, released 24 June 2013. "Fall Underneath" was released as the second single in November 2013.
On the 16th March 2014 the band announced their breakup. On 17th March, Snakadaktal released a free album on Bandcamp, featuring demos and unreleased tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="36637906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637906" title="Bará Berê">
Bará Berê

Bará Berê is the debut album of the Brazilian Sertanejo singer Alex Ferrari released on 18 December 2012 on Ultra Records, and containing the two singles "Bara Bará Bere Berê" and "Guere Guerê". Based on his version of "Bara Bará Bere Berê", the album appeared for one week in SNEP, the French Albums Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="36637907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637907" title="Jinnah Muslim School">
Jinnah Muslim School

Jinnah Muslim School & College is a school situated at Park Road, Chak Shahzad, Islamabad, Pakistan.It is a branch of Jinnah Muslim Group of Colleges.
Information.
Jinnah Muslim School is branch of Jinnah Muslim Group of colleges. The Project of Jinnah Muslim School was Initiated by its current director Muhammad Nawaz Akhtar. However Jinnah Muslim College was initiated by Doctor Muhammad Bashir Ahmad Goraya. 
Jinnah Muslim School & College, Islamabad established in 2008 near comsat university has more than 800 students studying in different classes like Pre-Nursery, Nursery, K.G, class I-VII, Pre-9th, Matric, F.A, F.Sc, I.Com and I.C.S.

</doc>
<doc id="36637910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637910" title="Mircea Diaconescu">
Mircea Diaconescu

Mircea Valeriu Diaconescu (born 1929) is a Romanian composer based in Germany. He is working on a project for a Romanian psalter based on the model of Clément Marot and Théodore de Bèze.

</doc>
<doc id="36637912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637912" title="Sergei Aksenov">
Sergei Aksenov

Sergei Aksenov (, born April 3, 1971, Vladimir) is a Russian political dissident, publicist, former prisoner, member of National Bolshevik Party since 1997, cofounder of coalition The Other Russia and one of the leaders of the political party The Other Russia.
Biography.
Sergei Aksenov was born in Vladimir. He has studied in Moscow State University of Economics. In 1997 Aksenov was member of National Bolshevik Party. Aksenov was jailed in April, 2001 on charges of terrorism, the forced overthrow of the constitutional order, and the illegal purchase of weapons. Since 2004 Aksenov is member of the Central Committee of the National Bolshevik Party. In 2008 Aksenov was one of the organizers of the Dissenters' March. In 2009 Aksenov was one of the organizers of the Strategy-31. In 2010 Aksenov was cofounder of political party The Other Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="36637914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637914" title="Sivagiri estate">
Sivagiri estate

Sivagiri estate was a permanently settled "zamindari" estate in the Tinnevely district of Madras Presidency, British India. It covered an area of 125 square kilometres. Its headquarters was the town of Sivagiri.
The royal family of Sivagiri was involved in a court dispute in July 2012 when an heir claimed that most of the possessions of the family were transferred to a Swiss Bank account on India's independence in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="36637918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36637918" title="Thomas Meißner">
Thomas Meißner

Thomas Meißner (born 26 March 1991) is a German footballer who plays for MSV Duisburg.

</doc>
