<doc id="36652037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652037" title="Laughing in the Face of a Dead Man">
Laughing in the Face of a Dead Man

Laughing in the Face of a Dead Man is the sole EP by the post-punk band Death of Samantha, released in 1986 on Homestead Records.
Release and reception.
Although noting that Death of Samantha's sound remained largely the same, Glenn Kenny of "Trouser Press" found the EP to be more entertaining and worthwhile when compared to the band's debut
Track listing.
All songs written by John Petkovic, except "Werewolves of London" by LeRoy Marinell, Waddy Wachtel and Warren Zevon.

</doc>
<doc id="36652063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652063" title="Lightening holes">
Lightening holes

Lightening holes are holes in structural components of machines and buildings used by a variety of engineering disciplines to make structures lighter. The edges of the hole may be flanged to increase the rigidity and strength of the component. The holes can be circular, ovals, or rectangles with rounded edges, but they should never have sharp corners, to avoid the risk of stress risers, and they must not be too close to the edge of a structural component.
Motor racing.
Lightening holes became a prominent feature of motor racing in the 1920s and 1930s. Chassis members, suspension components, engine housings and even connecting rods were drilled with a range of holes, of sizes almost as large as the component.
This drive towards lightening was based on a misunderstanding of the component's mechanical behaviour. The assumption for a H girder was that all of the resistance to bending stresses was carried in the two top and bottom flanges of the girder, with the central web only carrying out a spacing function. The central web could thus be drilled indiscriminately, supposedly without weakening the overall girder. This was based on two fallacies: firstly that the only forces on the beam were simple bending forces in the plane of the web. In practice, a more complicated force, such as an unexpected torsional twisting from a sudden suspension bump overloaded the now-weakened central web and the lightened beam failed immediately. Secondly, the assumption that the ideal forces were separated into the top and bottom flanges was increasingly unrealistic with the development of stressed skin and monocoque designs, where loads were more evenly shared. In these designs there was no "unloaded web" that could be safely drilled.
In comparison to aircraft design, it was noticeable that motor racing 'lightening' was carried out "after" the design of the components, usually without understanding the forces in the structure and without re-performing any stress calculations afterwards. Owing to the increasing number of dangerous failures, the practice of drilling lightening holes was forbidden by the race scrutineers. Lightening was still permitted, but only where it had been specified by the original designers, not by simply drilling holes afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="36652067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652067" title="Hardwood Ski and Bike">
Hardwood Ski and Bike

Hardwood Ski and Bike is located in Oro-Medonte Township in Ontario’s Lake Country region about one hour north of Toronto, Ontario. The facility is a family oriented cross country skiing, snowshoeing, mountain biking and outdoor recreation area.
Mountain Biking.
Hardwood Ski and Bike will be the site of the mountain biking events for the 2015 Pan American Games in Toronto which are to take place between July 10 and July 26, 2015. For the games, there will be completely new Pan Am race trail. Hardwood Ski and Bike was also the proposed venue for mountain biking for Toronto's failed 2008 Olympics bid.
Winter Sports.
Winter cross country trails range from 3.3 km to 19 km in length with loops that total 74 kilometres and are for every level of ability, from beginner to elite racer. In addition, there are approximately 18 kilometres of interpretive snowshoe trails. The terrain ranges from gently rolling to challenging and the facilities provide groomed trails for both classic and skate techniques. The trails are in a consistent and abundant snow-belt area in Central Ontario.
Programs and Racing.
The venue hosts numerous mountain bike and cross country ski races over the year. Each spring the Canada Cup brings out the best riders in Canada, while the Wednesday Night Race Series attracts the families from the beginning of May to the end of August.

</doc>
<doc id="36652106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652106" title="Musicology in Cuba">
Musicology in Cuba

Throughout the years, the Cuban nation has developed a wealth of musicological material created by numerous investigators and experts on this subject.
Early 20th century.
Apart from the work of some authors who provided information about the music in Cuba during the 19th century, that was usually included in chronicles covering a more general subject, the first investigations and studies specifically dedicated to the musical art and practice did not appear in Cuba until the beginning of the 20th century.
At that time, musicological research and documentation in Cuba was not undertaken by professionals fully dedicated to that subject, but instead it was conducted by historians, ethnologists or composers such as polymath Fernando Ortiz (b. 1881) or composer Eduardo Sánchez de Fuentes (b. 1874). The controversy sustained by these distinguished personalities in reference to the possible African (or indigenous) roots of Cuban music spanned several decades, from the 1930s to the 1050s.
Another important personality, María Muñoz (b. 1886), a Galician pianist, professor and choir conductor that graduated at the Madrid Conservatory under the guidance of Manuel de Falla, developed an outstanding musical activity in Cuba. Together with her husband Antonio Quevedo, she co-founded the Society of Contemporary Music in 1929, promoted the cultural journal “Musicalia” and founded the Havana Choral Society. Together with Fernando Ortiz, she gave summer courses on musicology at the Havana University from the 1930s. Those courses nurtured and stimulated the careers of some future outstanding musicologists such as María Teresa Linares Savio (b. 1920).
1940s and 1950s.
In 1946, the famous Cuban writer, art critic and musicologist Alejo Carpentier (b. 104) established a benchmark with his work “La música en Cuba” (1946), an attempt to put together a comprehensive history of Cuban music from the 16th century until his time. Although the work presented as facts some controversial historical issues, such as the origins of the well known “Son de la Mateodora” and the “Cuban Contradanza”, this important study (based on extensive investigations conducted by Carpentier) offered a deep insight into Cuban music history never witnessed before.
Coincidentally, young composers and musicologists such as Argeliers León (b. 1918) and Hilario González (b. 1920) were diligently working along with José Ardévol at “Grupo de Renovación Musical” to improve and renovate the Cuban musical panorama. In 1947, Argeliers León continued offering the musicology summer courses started by María Muñoz and Fernando Ortiz at the Havana University and served as a professor of such prominent students as pianist and professor Ana Margarita Aguilera Ripoll (b. 1903), author of the important compilation of children songs “Cancionero Infantil de Hispanoamérica.” Other contemporary Cuban musicologists were María Antonieta Henriquez, founder of the National Museum of Music, and Lydia Cabrera, an anthropologist renowned for her studies of Afro-Cuban music.
Post revolutionary period (1959).
After the Cuban Revolution in 1959, Pablo Hernández Balaguer (b. 1928) was teaching musicology at the Oriente University, an educational institution that offered the first Music Degree in the history of Cuba. Balaguer conducted an important study about the work of composer Esteban Salas and published the Music Catalog from the archives of the Santiago de Cuba Cathedral. He was a professor of several distinguished musicologists such as Virtudes Feliú Herrera (b. 1941), who conducted a thorough research into Cuban historical ritual and festive traditions. Her work has been compiled in the “Ethnographic Atlas of Cuba,” which received an award from the Cuban Academy of Science.
Argeliers León and his wife María Teresa Linares were the leading figures of Cuban musicology during the early decades after the Cuban Revolution (1959). Between 1961 and 1970, León was de director of the Institute of Ethnology and Folklore at the Academy of Sciences of Cuba and he also headed the Folklore Department at the National Theater of Cuba, the Music Department of the José Martí National Library and the Music Department at Casa de Las Américas. He served as professor at the Havana Municipal Conservatory, taught African cultures in Cuba at the Havana University and musicology at the Instituto Superior de Arte (ISA). As a musicologist he published several books which included Del Canto y el Tiempo (1974), where he proposed a subdivision in “generic complexes” to study the musical styles in Cuba.
María Teresa Linares conducted extensive investigation on several areas of Cuban music history and published numerous books and articles. She worked as a professor at the Alejandro García Caturla Conservatory, the Havana University and the Institute of Ethnology and Folklore at the Academy of Sciences. Until year 2000 she was the director of the Museum of Music, and at a later time she was affiliated to the Fernando Ortiz Foundation.
During the first decade of the Cuban Revolution (1960 to 1970) an emerging generation of musicologists started to acquire recognition within the Cuban musical scene. We should mention, in first place, two humble and dedicated investigators that had certain common characteristics. They both had university backgrounds and worked for many years at the José Martí National Library as researchers; also their main subjects of investigation were somewhat related to the musicological work of Alejo Carpentier. Alberto Muguercia (b. 19280), a lawyer from Santiago de Cuba holds the honor of having refuted one of the greatest myths in the history of Cuban music: The “Son de la Ma Teodora” origins. In his famous book “La música en Cuba”, Alejo Carpentier categorically attributed a 16th-century origin to a popular melody called Son de la Ma Teodora without conducting a thorough investigation about the subject, thus establishing an erroneous fact as a popular tradition. In a brilliant article about this subject: “Teodora Ginés: ¿Mito o realidad histórica? Muguercia demonstrated the inaccuracy of this theory.
In turn, Zolia Lapique (b. 1930), a librarian and historian, refuted a theory formulated by Carpentier in reference to the French-Haitian origin of the “Contradanza Cubana”. She attributed an earlier development and other possible origins (Spanish and English) to this musical style in her outstanding article: “Aportes Franco-Haitianos a la contradanza cubana: mitos y realidades.” Other prominent members of this generation are: Cristóbal Díaz Ayala (b. 1930), author of a complete Cuban music discography, Jorge Ibarra (b. 1931), Leonardo Acosta (b. 1933), Dulcila Cañizares (b. 1936), Raul Martínez Rodríguez (b. 1937), Helio Orovio (b. 1938), Radamés Giro (b. 1940), Danilo Orozco (b. 1944) and Alberto Faya (1944).
The second generation (1970s) and beyond.
The members of the second generation of Cuban musicologists that appeared during the Cuban Revolution period, graduated in their great majority either from the Havana Municipal Conservatory or the Instituto Superior de Arte (ISA), which from 1976 offered the first Musicology Degree in the history of Cuba. Many of them worked at a later time at the newly created Centro para la investigación y desarrollo de la música cubana (CIDMUC), founded in 1978.
From this group we should mention two renowned musicologists that frequently worked in collaboration with each other: Victoria Elí (b. 1945) and Zoila Gómez (b. 1948). We should also mention Tamahra Martín (b. 1945), who dedicated two books to the Cuban choral music: “La música coral en Cuba” (1987) and “Música Coral” (1990).
Two other important musicologists from this generation are: Alberto Alén Pérez (b. 1948) and Rolando Antonio Pérez Fernández (b. 1947). Alberto Alén applied his extensive knowledge of psychology and statistics to musical form analysis as well as music pedagogy, in publications such as: “La forma de las formas musicales” and “Diagnosticar la musicalidad”. Rolando Pérez developed extensive investigations about Afro-Cuban music and is well known for having documented and analyzed the process of transition from ternary rhythms to binary rhythms of the Cuban and Latin American popular music, during the 18th and 19th centuries, in his book: “Proceso de binarización de los ritmos ternarios africanos en América Latina (1987).”
Olavo Alén (b. 1947) has closely followed the steps of Argeliers León in his studies of Afro-Cuban music and, most importantly, has elaborated and expanded León's theory of “generic complexes”, in works such as: “Géneros de la música cubana” from 1976. 
Those theories have been strongly refuted by other musicologists such as Leonardo Acosta, who explains in his article “De los complejos genéricos y otras cuestiones”: “Fortunately, the theology of generic complexes has been viewed with skepticism in musicological circles of several countries, including Cuba, where quite a few musicologists have oscillated [in his opinion between rejection, disbelief and disdain …” 
Other members of this Group are renowned musicologists Martha Ezquenazi (1949), Jesús Gómez Cairo (1949) and Dora Ileana Torres (1956).

</doc>
<doc id="36652138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652138" title="Night Song">
Night Song

Night Song may relate to:

</doc>
<doc id="36652146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652146" title="New Beginnings (Dragonlance)">
New Beginnings (Dragonlance)

New Beginnings is an adventure for the 2nd edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" ("AD&D") fantasy role-playing game.
Contents.
This product is designed to introduce players to the Taladas campaign in the Dragonlance setting. First is a step-by-step walkthrough of "AD&D" game character design, with tips on effective game play and role-playing. Next are semi-solitaire, word-problem training exercises designed to familiarize the reader with the "AD&D" 2nd Edition rules. The exercises cover things like apparent AC vs. AC with dexterity modifiers, optional initiative modifiers, specialist weapons, wall climbing, and trap removal, and they also present moral problems.
A short adventure completes this introductory package.
Publication history.
DLS1 "New Beginnings" was designed by Mark Acres with editing by Michael Stern, and was published by TSR, Inc. as a 32-page module.
Reception.
Ken Rolston reviewed "New Beginnings" for "Dragon" magazine #171 (July 1991). He called this adventure "an unfortunate case of the designer doing all the right things, yet ending up with a not very appealing package". Although he initially didn't appreciate the "school-like exercises", Rolston actually found them "quite instructive" because he realized how little he knew about the "AD&D" 2nd Edition rules. He commented: "The character-creation walk-through, the how-to-role-play essay, and the exercises are well designed and effective, given their purpose to introduce new players to the "AD&D" game systems. Though they didn't look like much fun to me, they worked like they were supposed to." Regarding the short adventure found in the "New Beginnings" package, he commented that "in terms of appealing to the visual, dramatic, or tactical senses of the [Dungeon Master] or players, this isn't particularly exciting or well presented". He concluded the review by saying: ""New Beginnings" does just what it ought to do, and it endeavors more or less successfully to be entertaining and inspiring in the process. Its greatest limitation is that it is specifically designed to introduce players to the Taladas campaign in the Dragonlance setting, and it isn't suited for introducing players to any other "AD&D" campaign setting. However, the role-playing tips and rules exercises would be quite useful for any first-time "AD&D" game player or Master. And if you're going to start a Taladas campaign, this is a very valuable training tool and resource for your players."

</doc>
<doc id="36652155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652155" title="Nightwatch in the Living City">
Nightwatch in the Living City

Nightwatch in the Living City is an adventure for the 2nd edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
Plot summary.
The player characters have ventured to the city of Raven's Bluff with hopes of finding fame and fortune, and have joined the City Guard in their night-watch patrols as a means to that end. Events and encounters follow a sort of flow chart, with several linked episodes leading to a minor climax, with a major-action climx to end the adventure. Narrative frame and DM-control hooks carry the PCs from scene to scene, but within each scene the players and DM are free to explore a variety of approaches in solving conflicts. All the action in the module takes place in a single night in the setting.
Publication history.
LC3 "Nightwatch in the Living City" includes design by Walter M. Baas and Kira Glass with editing by John Nephew, and was published by TSR, Inc. as a 32-page module. "Nightwatch in the Living City" is based on a tournament adventure originally designed and run through the RPGA Network.
Reception.
Ken Rolston reviewed "Nightwatch in the Living City" for "Dragon" magazine #171 (July 1991). Rolston calls "Nightwatch" "a perfect example of how convention design and playtesting can produce a first-class adventure". He calls the adventure challenges "lovely role-playing set pieces", attributing this to the RPGA Network making "a special effort to encourage the role-playing elements of FRP gaming". Rolston states: "Each episode is set up with a colorful entry piece, and the gaming details and anticipated player actions are concisely presented with the sort of solid practical advice that you can get only from well-tested scenarios." He goes on to say that "Nightwatch" is "all the more remarkable because city role-playing scenarios are notoriously tricky to run. Nightwatch simplifies the DM's task by providing a narrative framework [...] that leads the PCs from one conflict to another so smoothly that they aren't tempted to wander off into the city streets. In particular, the skillful dramatic staging of the PCs' induction to the Nightwatch gets the PCs quickly into character and into the spirit of the adventure." He comments that the adventure episodes "have plenty of damned-if-you-do, damned-if-you-don't charm that is ever the burden of the public servant" and notes that the encounters "are full of lovely little misdirections and plot twists, with charming and devious NPCs, sweet little children (I know I'm in for a rough night when a DM saddles me with a lovable tyke), peculiar monsters, and plenty of oddball surprises, all seasoned with pathos, humor, and irony. There's relatively little danger of death for low-hit-point characters (the ideal situation for 1st-level beings), but plenty of opportunity exists for humiliation and confusion-the only real terrors of players in an AD&D game universe where even death usually isn't a permanent inconvenience." He felt that "Nightwatch" "is designed to encourage role-playing and DM improvisation, but "Nightwatch" provides the necessary rigging and practical "if-this-happens" advice that such as "Arena of Thyatis" and "Legions of Thyatis" lack". Rolston concluded the review by saying: "This is an inspiring piece of work, perfect to run as is or to use for stealing ideas. A well-rigged narrative structure is given, yet with ample roleplaying and improvisational opportunities for DM and players. Also present is a host of nifty characters to deal with and plot puzzles to solve, featuring numerous sly and surprising variations on conventional "AD&D" game cliches. Finally, good fun in abundance. I highly recommend this."

</doc>
<doc id="36652172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652172" title="Vikings Campaign Sourcebook">
Vikings Campaign Sourcebook

Vikings Campaign Sourcebook is an accessory for the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
Contents.
This book begins with a brief chapter on Viking history and ends with chapters on Viking culture and geopolitics. The book introduces the concept of Gifts, special talents bestowed upon human characters by the Norns (Fates) at birth. If a player chooses to play a human character, he rolls on the Character Gifts Table, which gives him a chance that he will receive a permanent penalty or bonus. Vikings who aren't human are probably trollborn, a new racial type exclusive to this supplement. Trollborn are a repulsive combination of human and troll, with exceptional strength, constitution, and intelligence scores, but lower than average wisdom and charisma. They are denied Gifts but are endowed with infravision.
Cultural restrictions forbid the use of certain character classes. Specifically, Vikings can not be paladins, clerics, druids, or wizards. Fighters, rangers, thieves, bards, and specialist mages are allowed, with minor restrictions. To balance these restrictions, two new character classes are introduced. The first is the berserker, a hot-tempered warrior given to spontaneous bursts of rage. After working himself into a frenzy, the berserker gains bonuses to various attributes, which persist for a number of rounds and so long as the berserker directs his rage against a particular enemy. The second new class is the runecaster, a magic-wielding warrior with the ability to carve intricate runic designs on inanimate objects, imbuing them with a variety of powers. Additional fantasy elements include a selection of new magical items, and a chapter full of new monsters including the linnorm, the havmand, and the thursir.
Publication history.
The "Vikings Campaign Sourcebook" was published by TSR, Inc. as a 96-page softcover book, with a 28" × 19" map sheet. Design was by David Cook, with illustrations by Ned Dameron.
Reception.
Rick Swan reviewed "Vikings Campaign Sourcebook" for "Dragon" magazine #181 (May 1992). Swan considered the book more of an "AD&D" rules expansion than a campaign sourcebook; calling it "a user-friendly variant, easily digested by DMs and players alike. Though not quite the "new roleplaying experience" it aspires to be, there's plenty of interesting material to enliven an already existing campaign." He felt that the chapters on Viking history and on Viking culture and geopolitics "do little to integrate history and fantasy, together they serve as an informative overview from which the DM may develop his own setting". He noted that the introduction "promises help with adapting Viking culture to the Forgotten Realms, World of Greyhawk, and Dragonlance settings, but either I missed this section or it got lost somewhere along the way. Regardless, not much adaptation is required; Vikings as presented here could exist comfortably in just about any unexplored area on Krynn or Oerth without straining the players' credibility." He calls the trollborn "essentially humans with bad attitudes, a good choice for those with a flair for role-playing antisocial characters". He called the berserker and the runecaster classes "quite appealing and among the book's best features". He called the rune magic "an excellent addition to the "AD&D" magic rules and, ironically, much better realized than the rune system in the "RuneQuest" supplement" which was titled "Vikings", reviewed in the same column. He bemoaned the lack of campaigning material in the book: "Sadly, there's no material comparable to the "RuneQuest" supplement's Scenarios Book. Adventure hooks suggest themselves in the chapter on Viking culture, but there are no specific outlines. To get a Viking campaign off the ground, the DM will have to rely on his own imagination, consult one of the reference books in the suggested reading list, or borrow ideas from another game supplement." Swan concluded his review with this evaluation: "Another chapter or two would've pushed this book over the top; notable by their absence are sections on Viking ships and sea travel, Norse mythology (we're referred instead to the 2nd Edition "Legends and Lore" book), and adventure design. The historical aspects are better presented than those in the "RuneQuest" supplement, but a game featuring trollborn and berserker warriors can't be taken seriously as a historical simulation. As a set of rule variants, however, it delivers the goods, particularly for "AD&D" game players who can't get enough new character classes and magic systems."

</doc>
<doc id="36652173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652173" title="Derek Brown (politician)">
Derek Brown (politician)

Derek Brown (Republican) is serving his second term in the Utah Legislature as a State Representative from House District 49 which constitutes the Sandy and Cottonwood Heights, Utah areas. He is currently Vice Chair of the House Rules Committee, Co-Chair of the Occupational Professional Licensure Review Committee, and on the Business/Labor Committee and Law Enforcement Committee.
Professional and Family Life.
He is married to Emilie De Azevedo Brown daughter of Lex de Azevedo. The couple has four children and live in Sandy, Utah.
Derek Graduated from Brigham Young University in 1996 with his B.A. in English, and minor degrees in Music and Business Management. He and his wife were members of BYU's touring performance group, the Young Ambassadors. In 2000, he graduated from Pepperdine University School of Law where he was Editor-in-Chief of the Pepperdine Law Review. While at Pepperdine, he also received the First Place Advocate award in the school's Dalsimer Moot Court Competition, as well as the annual Sorenson Writing Award for a published Legal Comment he wrote on tort law.
After law school, he was a law clerk to Justice Ruggero J. Aldisert of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, based in Philadelphia. Following, his time with the U.S. Court of Appeals he then practiced law in Washington, D.C., with the international law firm Sidley & Austin. [http://www.sidley.com]. Brown was part of the Supreme Court and Appellate Practice Group, and authored numerous briefs on issues of constitutional law, including several filed with the U.S. Supreme Court.
Brown left Sidley & Austin when U.S. Senator Bob Bennett (Utah) asked him to serve as his Chief Counsel in Washington, D.C. Several years later, Brown relocated his family to his home state of Utah, where he served as Utah Counsel to U.S. Senator Orrin Hatch (Utah).
Brown has since served as President and General Counsel of a production company based in Salt Lake City. He is currently Of Counsel with the law firm Pia Anderson Dorius Reynard Moss LLC, based in Salt Lake City, Utah. [http://www.padrm.com].
Brown has also taught as an Adjunct Professor at Brigham Young University since 2007, where he teaches courses in Communications Law and Ethics. He serves on the Advisory Board for Intermountain Homecare and on the Board of Trustees for the Hale Center Theatre [http://hct.org].
2010 Election.
Derek was elected in November 2010 with 55.87% of the vote defeating Democrat Jay Seegmiller.
2012 Election.
Brown won his election in 2012 with approximately 60% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="36652177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652177" title="Edgar Cortez">
Edgar Cortez

Edgar Alejandro Cortez (born August 10, 1989, in Santa Teresa, Carazo, Nicaragua) is a Nicaraguan middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 metres. His personal best in the event is 1:49.10 achieved in 2011 in Daegu which is the current Nicaraguan record.
He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, in London, England. He was 7th in his round 1 heat with a time of 1:58.99.

</doc>
<doc id="36652185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652185" title="Where the Women Wear the Glory and the Men Wear the Pants">
Where the Women Wear the Glory and the Men Wear the Pants

Where the Women Wear the Glory and the Men Wear the Pants is the second album by post-punk band Death of Samantha, released in 1988 on Homestead Records.
Release and reception.
Glenn Kenny of "Trouser Press" gave considerable praise to the record, saying it "rocks out with fire, anger and intelligence" 

</doc>
<doc id="36652187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652187" title="National Railway Workers' Union">
National Railway Workers' Union

The is a Japanese trade union, which is usually referred to as in Japanese. As of 2011, it had 13,000 members.
History.
Kokuro was a major union in post-war Japan, representing many workers who worked for Japanese National Railways (JNR), from which the union takes its name. When the privatization of JNR was proposed in the mid 1980s, Kokuro was strongly opposed and campaigned against it. The campaign was unsuccessful and JNR was privatized in 1987, and replaced by the Japan Railways Group (JR Group).
Lists of workers to be employed by the new organizations were drawn up by JNR and given to the JR companies. There was substantial pressure on union members to leave their unions, and within a year, Kokuro's membership fell from 200,000 to 44,000. Workers who had supported the privatization, or those who left Kokuro, were hired at substantially higher rates than Kokuro members.
JNR dismissal lawsuit.
Dismissals.
Kokuro and the National Railway Locomotive Engineers' Union (Zendoro), both prominent Japanese railway unions, represented a number of the JNR workers. There was a government pledge that no one would be "Thrown out onto the street", so unhired workers were classified as "needing to be employed" and were transferred to the JNR Settlement Corporation, where they could be assigned for up to three years.
Around 7,600 workers were transferred in this way, and around 2,000 of them were hired by JR firms, and 3,000 found work elsewhere. Mitomu Yamaguchi, a former JNR employee from Tosu in Saga prefecture who had been transferred to the JNR Settlement Corporation, later stated that their help in finding work consisted of giving him photocopies of recruitment ads from newspapers. 
This period ended in April 1990, and 1,047 were dismissed. This included 64 Zendoro members and 966 Kokuro members.
Settlement.
Many lawsuits and labor commission cases were filed over the decades from the privatization in 1987. 23 years after the original privatization, on June 28, 2010, the Supreme Court settled the dispute between the workers and the Japan Railway Construction, Transport and Technology Agency, the successor body to the JNR Settlement Corporation. The agency said it would pay 20 billion yen, approximately 22 million yen per worker, to 904 plaintiffs. However, as the workers were not reinstated, it was not a full settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="36652196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652196" title="Ira W. Claflin">
Ira W. Claflin

Ira Wallace Claflin (June 21, 1834–November 18, 1867) was a United States Army West Point regular officer who took command the 6th US Cavalry during the critical days of July 1863 during the Gettysburg Campaign. He was an instructor of Union cavalry tactics for West Virginia and later taught at West Point.
Family.
Ira Wallace Claflin was the eldest son, of eight children, of Ira Claflin, Sr 1808-1891 and Hannah Wells Richardson (19814-1907) born in Rochester, Windsor County, Vermont. Ira W. married Jane Cooper Stuck on April 21, 1863 at Hagerstown, Maryland. They had two children, Mary Cooper Claflin (1864-?) and a son, Morris Fairfax Claflin (1867-?). Claflin’s father, Ira W. Claflin, Sr. helped raised his two children and assisted his widow. They were noted as in Iowa in the 1870 United States Census.
Military service.
Pre-Civil War.
Claflin was appointed from Iowa to the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1853. He graduated on July 1, 1857, twenty seventh in his class. He was assigned to the Regiment of Mounted Riflemen as a Second Lieutenant. From October 3, 1857 to May 13, 1858 he served as an assistant instructor of Cavalry. On June 14, 1858, Claflin reported to his Regiment in Albuquerque, New Mexico and served at Fort Union. He saw minor action against the Tuni-cha Navajos in 1859.
American Civil War.
When the American Civil War started, Claflin received orders to report to the newly formed 3rd United States Cavalry that was created on May 14, 1861, but re-designated
the 6th US Cavalry on August 3, 1861.
His reporting date was delayed probably due to the ‘needs of the service’ because he is noted as serving with distinction, and with “gallant and meritorious services” at the Battle of Val Verde on February 21, 1862, earning a brevet promotion to Captain. He is noted at the Battle of Glorieta Pass on March 18, 1862 commanding the artillery unit. He also fought at Peralta, New Mexico on April 15, 1862 before joining the “Fighting 6th Regiment” then on the Peninsula campaign.
Peninsula Campaign.
The now, First Lieutenant, Claflin had been trained as an infantry soldier who was capable of riding a horse to the battlefield and as a mounted scout. As a "horse soldier" or “mounted rifleman,” Claflin had years of experience on the frontier serving as a regular. His job as a professional soldier from West Point was to set an example to his men and adapt to the different type of war in the east. The horse soldier needed to become cavalry, but this had a steep learning curve that proved difficult and frustrating during the first few years of the war. The 6th Cavalry had chased the audacious Jeb Stuart's Cavalry that went completely around the Union Army (June 13–15 1862). This caused great psychological concerns to the Union cavalry commanders and men. The "horse soldiers" were a far second best compared to the dashing Confederate cavalry.
Rapid expansion of the Union Cavalry in the East was chaotic. At the beginning of the Civil War, officers were elected by the men or appointed politically. This resulted in many misguided and inept commanders. The tools and techniques of pre-war cavalry often seemed inadequate, resulting in a steep learning curve that was costly in men and supplies. Slowly out the chaos came the tactics and leaders who proved worthy of the challenge. Union "horse soldiers" became cavalry troopers under this tough regimen and proved adept, dismounted and mounted on horseback, with their carbines, pistols, sabers and confident under their battle-proven leaders. Claflin had a head start due to his frontier service and West Point service that helped the regiment adapt. He was at Yorktown from June to August 1862. But was noted at the Seven Days Battles (June 25 to July 1, 1862), then served as the regimental commissary officer from August 27 to September 5, 1862. He was assigned to several company commands starting in September where his focus was training, manning and supplying those companies to fight as cavalry. In April 1863, he was assigned to command Company H of the 6th, where he remained for the rest of his service, except for when he was a staff officer of the regiment.
Gettysburg Campaign.
The Gettysburg Campaign was a series of engagements before and after the Battle of Gettysburg. To better understand Claflin's role within the military organization, the following brief is provided. For more details, see Gettysburg Union order of battle.
The following list is the 6th US Cavalry Regiment's documented battles and engagements of June and July 1863 which Claflin participated. These battles were pivotal for Claflin as a company commander and as a regimental commissary until July 3. Then he assumed command of his regiment after that date. Lt. Louis H. Carpenter served as his executive officer.
Battle of Brandy Station.
On June 9, 1863, opposing cavalry forces met at Brandy Station, near Culpeper, Virginia. The 9,500 Confederate cavalrymen under Major General J.E.B. Stuart were surprised at dawn by Major General Alfred Pleasonton's combined arms force of two cavalry divisions of some 8,000 cavalry troops (including the 6th U.S. Cavalry Regiment with Claflin), and his assistant Carpenter, commanding Company H and some 3,000 infantry. Stuart barely repulsed the Union attack and required more time to reorganize and rearm. This inconclusive battle was the largest predominantly cavalry engagement of the Civil War to that time. This battle proved for the first time that the Union horse soldiers, like Claflin, were equal to their Southern counterparts.
Battle of Fairfield.
On July 3, 1863, reports of a slow moving Confederate wagon train in the vicinity of Fairfield, Pennsylvania, attracted the attention of newly commissioned Union Brigadier General Wesley Merritt of the Reserve Brigade, First Division, Cavalry Corps. He ordered the 6th U.S. Cavalry under Major Samuel H. Starr to scout Fairfield and locate the wagons, resulting in the Battle of Fairfield. Claflin was at the Cavalry headquarters as the regimental commissary officer at that time. The following events would lead to his commanding of the regiment.
Major Starr, the Regimental Commander, on July 3, 1863 was east of Fairfield when he made contact with the enemy. Starr had his 400 troopers dismount in a field and an orchard on both sides of the road. Union troopers directed by their officers took up hasty defensive positions on this slight ridge. Under the command of Major Starr Carpenter with H troop Nolan on a flanking move with Company C and the others threw back a mounted charge of the 7th Virginia Cavalry, just as the Confederate Chew's Battery unlimbered and opened fire on the Federal cavalrymen. Supported by the 6th Virginia Cavalry, the 7th Virginia charged again, clearing Starr's force off the ridge and inflicting heavy losses. General "Grumble" Jones, outnumbering the Union forces by more than 2 to 1, pursued the retreating Federals for three miles to the Fairfield Gap, but was unable to eliminate his quarry. Major Starr who was wounded in the first attack was unable to escape and was captured. Small groups of the 6th Cavalry," ... reformed several miles from the field of action by Lt. Louis H. Carpenter," harassed the Virginia troopers giving the impression of the vanguard of a much larger force. Carpenter became then became the acting executive officer of the Regiment with Captain Claflin as commanding officer.
The 6th Cavalry's stand at Fairfield stood against two of the crack brigades of Stuart's cavalry. was considered one of the most gallant in its history and helped influence the outcome the battles being fought around Gettysburg. While the 6th Cavalry regiment was cut to pieces, it fought so well that its squadrons were regarded as the advance of a large body of troops. The senior officer of those Confederate brigades was later criticized severely for being delayed by such an inferior force. Had the 6th Cavalry regiment not made their stand, the two brigades of Virginians could have caused serious problems to the Union rear areas. The decimated regiment of only about 200 troopers with only three officers was now commanded by Captain Claflin.
Funkstown, Maryland.
On July 7, 1863 there was a small engagement at Funkstown, Maryland. Captain Claflin was seriously wounded in the shoulder and had to be carried off the field. He would not return to his regiment until September. Claflin was brevetted as a Major effective July 7, 1863 for “gallant and meritorious service during the Gettysburg Campaign. His executive officer, Louis H. Carpenter assumed tempoary command until his return.
Overland Campaign.
The Fighting 6th Regiment became an escort unit, under the command of Claflin, for Major General Philip Sheridan who was appointed to command the Cavalry Corps of the Army of the Potomac under the newly promoted general-in-chief Lieutenant General Ulysses S. Grant on April 5, 1864. Calfin’s assistant Carpenter was semi-attached to Sheridan as a Field & Staff (F&S) officer to the Cavalry Corps. It is unknown how much of an influence Claflin and Carpenter had on Sheridan on the concept of deploying Union cavalry to become more effective and independent in roles such as long-range raids. Carpenter's treatise on "The Battle of Yellow Tavern" suggests that he had some influence on what was later called the Richmond or Sheridan's Raid.
On May 8, 1864, at the beginning of the Overland Campaign, Sheridan went over his immediate superior, Major General Meade's head and told Grant that if his Cavalry Corps were let loose to operate as an independent unit, he could defeat Confederate Major General J.E.B. Stuart. "Jeb" Stuart was the most prominent and able cavalry officer of the south. Grant was intrigued and convinced Meade of the value of Sheridan's request.
The May 1864 Battle of Yellow Tavern was the first of four major so called strategic raids. The others being the Trevilian in June 1864, the Wilson-Kautz in late June, and the First Deep Bottom in July 1864. Of all of these, only the Battle of Yellow Tavern can be considered a clear Union victory. The defeat and resulting death of "Jeb" Stuart made this clear during the first raid. At best, the follow-up raids diverted Confederate forces required to deal with them from where they were needed elsewhere.
Despite of what Carpenter and other supporters of Sheridan have written, further raids of this caliber were less than successful. And these raids may have even hindered the Union effort by the lack of reconnaissance and intelligence Sheridan could have otherwise provided.
On November 11, 1864, Brevett Major Claflin was appointed as a special instructor of cavalry to teach such cavalry tactics in the Department of West Virginia until July 21, 1865.
End of the Civil War.
Through the course of the Civil War, Claflin served in at least 10 campaigns and over 100 battles related to them from the 1861 Peninsula Campaign, the 1862 Maryland Campaign, Campaign at Fredericksburg, the 1863 Gettysburg Campaign and the Chancellorsville.
Post Civil War & death.
Claflin served as an assistant instructor at West Point for geography, history and ethics. And he served there until October 6, 1865. At his request, he was transferred to his regiment serving occupation duty in Texas.
In Austin, Texas, Captain Claflin, resuming his regular army rank, took command of H Troop. In June 1866 he took his troop on an inspection of frontier posts manned by his regiment and others. This took three months and covered almost 1,400 miles until he returned to Austin.
On January 20, 1866, Claflin and Troop H were sent to Mount Pleasant, Texas. During an yellow fever epidemic, Captain Claflin became ill and succumbed to the disease on November 18, 1867. He was only 33 years of age. He left a wife, Jane Cooper (Stuck) Claflin, and two children, a daughter, Mary Cooper Claflin, age 3 ½ years and a son, Morris Fairfax Claflin, age 6 months. Claflin’s father, Ira W. Claflin, Sr. helped raised his two children and assisted his widow. They were noted as in Iowa in the 1870 United States Census.
Ira W. Claflin, Captain, US Army is buried in the Alexandria National Cemetery in Louisiana in section A, site 1003.
Honors and awards.
During his military career, Claflin received brevet promotions for bravery and was mentioned in dispatches several times during the Civil War both out west and in the east. Claflin received a series of brevet promotions for gallantry and or meritorious service and regular army promotions;
A monument dedicated to the regulars of the United States Army who fought at Gettysburg includes Claflin. <br>United States Cavalry
Reserve Brigade Brig. - General Wesley Merritt<br>
1st. Regiment Captain Richard S.C. Lord Commanding<br>
2nd. Regiment Captain Theophilus F. Rodenbough Commanding<br>
5th. Regiment Captain Julius W. Mason Commanding<br>
6th. Regiment Major Samuel H. Starr, Lieut. Louis H. Carpenter<br>
Lieut. Nicholas Nolan, Captain Ira W. Claflin Commanding

</doc>
<doc id="36652199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652199" title="Vend (software)">
Vend (software)

Vend is a cloud-based point of sale provider written in HTML5. It is operated from any device or platform with a web-browser.
History.
Vend was launched in August 2010 by software developer Vaughan Rowsell.
In the two years following its launch, Vend secured funding from various investors and announced a partnership with Paypal.
Technology.
Vend uses HTML5 features for offline processing capabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="36652208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652208" title="HTC Evo">
HTC Evo

HTC Evo is a line of mobile telephones developed by HTC Corporation. Individual models include:

</doc>
<doc id="36652216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652216" title="Cudahy High School">
Cudahy High School

Cudahy High School is a public high school which serves Cudahy, Wisconsin, a suburb of Milwaukee in southeastern Milwaukee County, Wisconsin. It is the only high school in the Cudahy School District.
The school athletic teams are known as the Packers, in honor of the meatpacking industry which was once the city's "raison d'etre". 

</doc>
<doc id="36652228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652228" title="Mutsuko Miki">
Mutsuko Miki

Biography.
Personal life.
Miki's father, Nobuteru Mori, held a seat in the Japanese House of Representatives and founded Showa Denko, a major chemical engineering firm. Her brother, Kiyoshi Mori, was the head of the now defunct Management and Coordination Agency, which would later become the interior ministry. Yoshihide Mori, another of Miki's brothers, served as the chief of the Environment Agency, the forerunner of the present-day Ministry of the Environment.
She married Takeo Miki in 1940. Mutsuko Miki held the title of wife of the Prime Minister, also called the First Lady, from 1974 until 1976. Takeo Miki, died in 1988.
Activism.
Miki, a prominent activist, remained active following her husband's death. A vocal supporter of Japanese pacifism, Miki fought against the potential repeal of Article 9 of the Japanese Constitution, a clause in the Constitution of Japan that prohibits an act of war by the state. She campaigned in favor of Article 9 across Japan, often alongside other notable supporters and colleagues. Nobel laureate Kenzaburo Oe. In 2004, a group of Article 9 supporters, including Miki, Takeshi Umehara, Nobel laureate Kenzaburo Oe, and writer Hisae Sawachi, joined together to establish the Article 9 Association. The association advocates for the protection of the country's pacifist constitution. Sawachi has noted that Miki once said, "It is an extremely normal thing to express opinions for peace." Her last meeting with the Article 9 Association occurred in May 2011.
Miki advocated for the compensation of comfort women, who were forced into sexual slavery by the Japanese military during World War II. She became extremely involved in the issue following her husband's death in 1988. In 1995, she joined the Asian Women's Fund, a charity established by the Tomiichi Murayama administration to compensate former comfort women. While Miki had called for the establishment of the fund, she publicly severed ties with the charity in 1996 when the Japanese government balked at providing official reparations to the comfort women.
Miki advocated for the normalization of bilateral relations between Japan and North Korea. She called for full diplomatic relations between the countries. In 2000, Miki and former Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama traveled together to North Korea. Before the trip, Miki created handmade teacups as "souvenirs" for North Koreans whom she met on the trip. Miki made the teacups from soil collected in Japan, North Korea, and South Korea. According to Murayama, Miki wanted her cups to "convey harmonious relations among the three countries." She was awarded a North Korean order of friendship for her work in 2002.
Additionally, Miki headed or chaired several other organizations, including the Asian Ladies Friendship Society.
Mutsuko Miki died at a hospital in Tokyo of colon cancer on 31 July 2012, at the age of 95. Her survivors included her oldest daughter former member of the House of Councillors, Kiseko Takahashi, and her nephew, Eisuke Mori, who is currently a member of the House of Representatives.

</doc>
<doc id="36652231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652231" title="Andjar Asmara">
Andjar Asmara

Abisin Abbas (; 26 February 1902 – 20 October 1961), better known by his pseudonym Andjar Asmara (), was a dramatist and filmmaker active in the cinema of the Dutch East Indies. Born in Alahan Panjang, West Sumatra, he first worked as a reporter in Batavia (modern-day Jakarta). He became a writer for the Padangsche Opera in Padang, where he developed a new, dialogue-centric style, which later spread throughout the region. After returning to Batavia in 1929, he spent over a year as a theatre and film critic. In 1930 he joined the Dardanella touring troupe as a writer. He went to India in an unsuccessful bid to film his stage play "Dr Samsi".
After leaving Dardanella in 1936, Andjar established his own troupe. He also worked at a publishers, writing serials based on successful films. In 1940 he was asked to join The Teng Chun's company, Java Industrial Film, helping with marketing and working as a director for two productions. After the Japanese occupation, during which time he stayed in theatre, Andjar made a brief return to cinema. He directed three films in the late 1940s and wrote four screenplays, which were produced as films in the early 1950s. He published a novel, "Noesa Penida" (1950). Afterward he worked for the remainder of his life writing serials based on local films and publishing film criticism. Historians recognise him as a pioneer of theatre and one of the first native Indonesian film directors, although he had little creative control of his productions.
Early life and theatre.
Andjar was born Abisin Abbas in Alahan Panjang, West Sumatra, on 26 February 1902. He gravitated toward traditional theatre at a young age after visits from the wandering Wayang Kassim and Juliana Opera "stambul" troupes; he pretended to act with his friends in stage plays which they had seen. After completing his formal education up to the Meer Uitgebreid Lager Onderwijs (junior high school) level – first in Malay-language schools then Dutch ones – he moved to Batavia (modern-day Jakarta). He worked as a reporter for two daily newspapers, "Bintang Timoer" and "Bintang Hindia"; he may have also worked on a farm.
Around 1925, having had little success in Batavia, Andjar moved to Padang, where he was a reporter for the daily "Sinar Soematera". At the same time, he worked with the city's Padangsche Opera, writing stage plays. In contrast to the standard musical theatre of the time, "bangsawan", he promoted a more natural style, using dialogue instead of song to convey the story; he referred to this as "toneel", based on the Dutch word for theatre. Among the works he wrote for the Padangsche Opera were adaptations of "Melati van Agam", a 1923 work by Swan Pen, and "Sitti Nurbaya", a 1922 novel by Marah Roesli. These works were well received.
In the late 1920s, after spending some two years in Medan with the daily "Sinar Soematra", Andjar returned to Batavia and in 1929 helped establish the magazine "Doenia Film", a Malay adaptation of the Dutch-language magazine "Filmland"; although an adaptation, "Doenia Film" also contained original coverage of the domestic theatre and film industry. At the time, the cinema of the Indies was becoming established: the first domestic film, "Loetoeng Kasaroeng" ("The Lost Lutung"), was released in 1926, and four additional films were released in 1927 and 1928. Andjar wrote extensively regarding local cinematic and theatrical productions; for example, the Indonesian film critic Salim Said writes Andjar inspired the marketing for 1929's "Njai Dasima", which emphasised the exclusively native cast. In 1930 Andjar left "Doenia Film" and was replaced by Bachtiar Effendi.
Andjar became a writer for the theatrical troupe Dardanella in November 1930, working under the group's founder Willy A. Piedro. Andjar believed the troupe to be dedicated to the betterment of the "toneel" as an art form and not only motivated by financial interests, as were the earlier "stambul" troupes. He wrote and published many plays with the group's backing, including "Dr Samsi" and "Singa Minangkabau" ("The Lion of Minangkabau"). Andjar also worked as a theatre critic, writing several pieces on the history of local theatre, sometimes using his birth name and sometimes his pseudonym. In 1936 Andjar went with Dardanella to India to record a film adaptation of his drama "Dr Samsi", which followed a doctor who was blackmailed after an unscrupulous Indo discovered he had an illegitimate child. The deal fell through, however, and Andjar left India with his wife Ratna.
Film career and death.
Upon his return to the Indies, Andjar formed another theatrical troupe, Bolero, with Effendi, but left the troupe around 1940 to work at Kolf Publishers in Surabaya. Effendi was left as the head of Bolero, which then became more politicised. At Kolf Andjar edited the publisher's magazine "Poestaka Timoer". As his work entailed writing synopses and serials based on popular films for Kolf's magazine, he became increasingly involved in the film industry. He was soon asked by The Teng Chun, with whom he had maintained a business relationship, to direct a film for his company Java Industrial Film (JIF); with this Andjar became one of several noted theatrical personnel who migrated to film following Albert Balink's 1937 hit "Terang Boelan" ("Full Moon").
After handling the marketing for "Rentjong Atjeh" ("Rencong of Aceh", 1940), Andjar made his directorial debut in 1940 with "Kartinah", a war-time romance starring Ratna Asmara. "Academia" was critical of the film, believing it to lack educational value. In 1941 he directed "Noesa Penida", a tragedy based in Bali, for JIF; the film was remade in 1988. In these films, he had little creative control, and performed as what the Indonesian entertainment journalist Eddie Karsito describes as a dialogue coach. Camera angles and locations were chosen by the cinematographer, who was generally also the producer.
During the Japanese occupation from 1942 to 1945, the nation's film industry nearly ceased to exist: all but one studio were closed, and all films released were propaganda pieces to assist the Japanese war effort and promote the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere. Andjar was not involved in these but was excited by the artistic merits of Japanese films. Although he wrote several short stories during this time, three of which were published in the pro-Japanese newspaper "Asia Raja" in 1942, Andjar focused on theatre, forming the troupe Tjahaya Timoer. He often visited the Cultural Centre (Keimin Bunka Sidosho) in Jakarta, where two employees, D. Djajakusuma and Usmar Ismail, discussed filmmaking with him. Both became influential film directors during the 1950s.
After Indonesia's independence, Andjar moved to Purwokerto to lead the daily "Perdjoeangan Rakjat". After the paper collapsed, he returned to film, film a piece entitled "Djaoeh Dimata" for the Netherlands Indies Civil Administration in 1948. This was followed by two additional films, "Anggrek Bulan" ("Moon Orchid"; 1948) and "Gadis Desa" ("Maiden from the Village"; 1949), both based on plays he wrote several years earlier. In 1950, Andjar published his only novel, "Noesa Penida", a critique of the Balinese caste system, which followed lovers from different levels of the social hierarchy. Meanwhile, he continued to write and publish paperback serials adapted from local films.
Andjar's screenplay "Dr Samsi" was finally adapted as a film in 1952 by Ratna Asmara, who had become Indonesia's first female film director with her 1950 film "Sedap Malam" ("Tuberose"). The adaptation starred Ratna and Raden Ismail. It would prove Andjar's last screenwriting credit during his lifetime. Although no longer writing films, Andjar remained active in the country's film industry. In 1955 he headed the inaugural Indonesian Film Festival, which was criticized when it gave the Best Picture Award to two films, Usmar Ismail's "Lewat Djam Malam" ("After the Curfew") and Lilik Sudjio's "Tarmina". Critics wrote that "Lewat Djam Malam" was easily the stronger of the two and suggested that Djamaluddin Malik, "Tarmina" producer, had influenced the jury's decision.
In 1958 Asmara became the head of the entertainment magazine "Varia", where the fellow director Raden Ariffien served as his deputy. Asmara held the position until his death; among other roles, he wrote a series of memoires on the history of theatre in the country. He died on 20 October 1961 in Cipanas, West Java, during a trip to Bandung and was buried in Jakarta.
Legacy.
Andjar's "toneels" were generally based on day-to-day experiences, rather than the tales of princes and ancient wars which were standard at the time. Regarding Andjar's "toneels", the Indonesian literary critic Bakri Siregar writes that Andjar's stage plays, as well as those of fellow dramatist Njoo Cheong Seng, revitalised the genre and made the works more realistic. However, he considered the conflict in these works to have been poorly developed. Andjar believed that the Padangsche Opera's performances influenced other troupes in West Sumatra to adapt the "toneel" format, which later spread throughout the Indies.
Matthew Isaac Cohen, a scholar of Indonesian performing arts, describes Andjar as "Indonesia's foremost theater critic during the colonial period", noting that he wrote extensively on the history of theatre in the Indies. Cohen also believes that Andjar also worked to justify the "toneel" style and distance it from the earlier "stambul". Even after entering the film industry, Andjar considered the theatre more culturally significant than cinema. However, the Indonesian journalist Soebagijo I.N. writes that Andjar remains best known for his film work.
Andjar was one of the first native Indonesian film directors, with Bachtiar Effendi, Soeska, and Inoe Perbatasari. Said writes that Andjar was forced to follow the whims of the ethnic Chinese film moguls, which resulted in the films' shift toward commercial orientation, rather than the prioritisation of artistic merit. The film historian Misbach Yusa Biran writes that Andjar and his fellow journalists, upon joining JIF, brought with them new ideas that helped the company flourish until it closed after the arrival of the Japanese; the company and its subsidiaries released fifteen films in two years.

</doc>
<doc id="36652255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652255" title="Elizabeth Osborn">
Elizabeth Osborn

Elizabeth Osborn is a former equestrian vaulter who represented the United States in the Aachen World Equestrian games in 2006 in Aachen, Germany. In 2007, Osborn became the gold level reserve national champion, the American Vaulting Association high point champion, and the United States Equestrian Federation gold level zone champion.
In 2008 Osborn was rated as the top equestrian vaulter in the United States for her age group and in the same year she received the Vaulter of the year award.During the World equestrian games in Brno, Czech Republic she was part of the American team which received the Bronze medal. While competing at the USEF/AVA vaulting championship, she placed 2nd to Alicen Divita.
Osborn is a resident of Menlo Park, California. She graduated from the College of Wooster in Wooster, Ohio with a degree in biology in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36652270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652270" title="Johann Hinrich Gossler">
Johann Hinrich Gossler

Johann Hinrich Gossler (born 18 August 1738 in Hamburg, died 31 August 1790 in Hamburg) was a German banker and grand burgher of Hamburg, a member of the Hanseatic Berenberg-Gossler-Seyler banking dynasty and the owner and head of the firm Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. (the Berenberg Bank). He was married to Elisabeth Berenberg (1749–1822), the only heir of the illustrious Berenberg banking family.
Gossler was the scion of an ancient Hamburg family which had been resident in Hamburg since the 14th century, and his paternal ancestors were burghers and velvet makers. His father had bought the office of "Herrenschenk" for 10,600 mark, making him master of ceremonies of the Hamburg council, and his maternal grandfather Jürgen Friedrich Boedecker was a Hamburg merchant and grand burgher from 1706.
At a young age, Johann Hinrich Gossler joined the Berenberg company as an apprentice. The company was involved in merchant banking, insurance, shipping and trade of goods, and had been established by the Dutch Berenberg family in 1590. After seven years, at 22 and having completed his apprenticeship, Gossler left Hamburg to work for a company in Cadiz, and travelled extensively in Spain, Portugal, France and England. In 1768, he returned to Hamburg, where he married Elisabeth Berenberg (1749–1822) in the same year. She was the only daughter of the Berenberg company's surviving owner, Johann Berenberg (1718–1772). Johann Berenberg made his son-in-law a partner in 1769. Upon the death of Johann Berenberg's brother Cornelius in 1773, the Berenberg family became extinct in the male line and Johann Hinrich Gossler became the company's sole owner. In 1788, Gossler took on his own son-in-law Ludwig Erdwin Seyler (married to his eldest daughter Anna Henriette Gossler) as a partner.
Johann Hinrich Gossler was the father of Hamburg senator and banker Johann Heinrich Gossler II (1772–1842) and the grandfather of Hamburg senator and First Mayor Hermann Gossler (1802–1877) and banker Johann Heinrich Gossler III (1805–1879). Johann Heinrich Gossler III was the father of Johann Berenberg Gossler (1839–1913). In 1880, the Hamburg Senate granted Johann Berenberg Gossler the name of Berenberg-Gossler, and in 1888, the family was ennobled in the Kingdom of Prussia as "von Berenberg-Gossler". In 1910, Johann von Berenberg-Gossler was raised to the Baronial rank. Baron Johann von Berenberg-Gossler was the father of John von Berenberg-Gossler (1866–1943), Senator and German Ambassador in Rome.
Johann Hinrich Gossler and Elisabeth Berenberg were also the grandparents of Betty Seyler (1789–1837), married to businessman Gerhard von Hosstrup, Louise Seyler (1799–1849), married to ship broker Ernst Friedrich Pinckernelle, and Henriette Seyler (1805–1875), married to Norwegian industrialist Jacob Benjamin Wegner.

</doc>
<doc id="36652288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652288" title="Church of St Thomas a Becket, Shirenewton">
Church of St Thomas a Becket, Shirenewton

Church of St Thomas a Becket is located in Shirenewton, Monmouthshire, Wales. In the late 12th century the land was inherited by Henry de Bohun. The church was built by his son Humphrey after he inherited the title in 1220, and was dedicated to St. Thomas à Becket who had been assassinated in 1170 and canonised three years later. The chronicler Adam of Usk, who held the post in 1399, was one of the earliest known rectors of the church. The church was designated a Grade II listed building on 19 August 1955.
Architecture and fittings.
Much of the current church, including the fortified tower, choir, chancel and nave, originally dates from the 13th century, although it was partly rebuilt and completely restored in 1853. The church contains a monument to Ian Oswald Liddell, who won a Victoria Cross during the Second World War. He was the grandson of Sir Charles Oswald Liddell of Shirenewton Hall. In 1997, six bells were restored. The four-faced clock was installed after the First World War.

</doc>
<doc id="36652290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652290" title="Aaron Krogman">
Aaron Krogman

Aaron Krogman is a Canadian actor and singer-songwriter. He graduated from the Rosebud School of the Arts in 2008. That Christmas, he acted in Rosebud Theatre's production of "Christmas on the Air". In 2009, he portrayed Dylan Thomas in a theatrical adaptation of Thomas's short story "A Child's Christmas in Wales" at Rosebud Theatre. In Rosebud's 2010 production of "The Secret Garden", Krogman played the role of Doctor Craven. He sang lead vocals for a production of "White Blank Page", a play inspired by the Mumford & Sons song of the same name. He portrayed Jason and the unnamed pimp in the premiere of "She Has a Name" in February 2011. Later that year, he played the lead role in Rosebud's production of "Gift of the Magi". On May 5, 2012, he appeared at a fundraiser for the 2012 cross-Canada tour of "She Has a Name", performing several songs including one that he composed for an album he was about to release. Carl Kennedy replaced Krogman in the dual role of Jason and the pimp in the tour. For the summer of 2012, he was the understudy for Stephen Waldschmidt in his role as Jesus in the Canadian Badlands Passion Play.

</doc>
<doc id="36652299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652299" title="Katapult (roller coaster)">
Katapult (roller coaster)

The Katapult is a now-defunct type of roller coaster. Only eight such rides were made. The ride suffered breakdowns often. Wildwood, New Jersey once had two of these, although both are now gone.

</doc>
<doc id="36652306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652306" title="Los Leones metro station">
Los Leones metro station

Los Leones is an underground metro station on the Line 1 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. The station is named for the nearby Los Leones Avenue. Located in the heart of the commercial area of Providencia, some of its entrances are integrated into the retail lower levels of buildings.
A ceramic mosaic by the artist Ramón Vergara Grez was installed in 1993.
As of 2011, the original tiles on its walls have been completely removed. The station will be renovated as a part of the its upgrade into a transfer station between the Line 1 and the new Line 6. Because of this, for now its walls will be only painted pending the final renovation design.

</doc>
<doc id="36652309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652309" title="Ray Long">
Ray Long

William Ray Long, more commonly known as Ray Long (March 23, 1878 – July 9, 1935) was an American newspaper, magazine, film, writer, and editor who is notable for being the editor-in-chief of "Cosmopolitan" magazine between 1919 and 1931. He is said to have had "a colorful career" before he was affected by financial problems and ended up committing suicide.
Life and career.
Long was born into poverty in 1878 in Lebanon, Indiana, a small, rural town in the Midwestern United States. He was educated in public schools in Indianapolis, a much larger city and the capital of Indiana. His first job was being a page on the Superior Court in Indianapolis. He later acquired an interest in newspapers and magazines and became a copy boy on the Indianapolis News. He became a reporter at the young age of 22, and later worked for many other newspapers and magazines, such as the Indianapolis Star, Kansas City Post, Cincinnati Post, Cleveland Press, and Hampton's Magazine.
Long was a police reporter for the Cincinnati Post, and he was made the managing editor of this newspaper when he was 20 years old due to a shake-up at this newspaper. He created a staff to help him out, all of whom were 24 years old or younger. This staff included Roy Howard and O. O. McIntyre, among others. Long helped some editors, writers, and reporters advance their careers, such as Peter B. Kyne, Ring Lardner, Dean Cornwell, Damon Runyan, Royal Brown, and "a lot of "other good writers"". Long also worked with many other reports, including Booth Tarkington, Roy W. Howard, Meredith Nicholson, George Ade, and other reporters from Indiana.
His good writing and editing skills allowed for him to get promoted to better positions. Long was the Chicago manager for the United Press at one point in time, and he was the managing editor of the Red Book in Chicago in 1912, a position that he received due to his good ability to understand people's tastes and likes. Long said that he looked at words and articles by how they sounded ("by ear"), rather than by seeing if they were grammatically correct or full of information and knowledge. William Randolph Hearst gave Long the position of President and editor-in-chief of the International Magazine Company, Inc.. This allowed him to edit the Cosmopolitan magazine, as well as other magazines, such as Good Housekeeping, Harper's Bazaar, Motor, and Motor Boating His salary and bonuses combined at Cosmopolitan were $180,000 a year, a sum which is several times higher today due to inflation. He said that his secret to becoming a successful editor "was giving the public the kind of things he himself liked to read." This even caused him to reject the publication of Ernest Hemingway's Fifty Grand. Time Magazine considered his greatest publication at the time to be The Autobiography of Calvin Coolidge.
Decline.
On October 1, 1931, Long retired from the Cosmopolitan and went into the book publishing business, which was his lifelong ambition. However, his first publishing enterprise with Richard R. Smith failed and caused him to become bankrupt in 1933. This bankruptcy caused him to move to some islands in the South Seas near Tahiti and live there for a year before moving back to the United States. In his last several years, he went to Hollywood, California and wrote and edited films for several film corporations, including Columbia Pictures Corporation, Fox Film Corporation, and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. He also returned to working for the magazine business and worked for "Photoplay", "Shadowplay", and "Liberty" magazines, and was so financially desperate and he had to rely on old friends and acquaintances in order to get whatever jobs he could.
Suicide.
Several weeks before his suicide, Long began feeling ill. His maid, Helen Amdt (or Andt), said that on the day before his suicide, he was in a "dark mood all afternoon" and "seemed unusually morose". On Tuesday, July 9, 1935, at the age of 57, in the bedroom of his California home, he apparently attempted suicide by shooting himself in the mouth with a small caliber rifle. The bullet became stuck in his neck and a part of his spinal cord became severed. He was found unconscious and dying by his maid, lying on the bedroom floor and wearing silk pajamas. Long was taken to an emergency hospital during an operation that unsuccessfully attempted to save his life. Long died half an hour after being taken to the hospital.
Regarding Long's death, A.G. Peterson, the Beverly Hills officer who investigated Long's death, stated that "is no doubt [that it was a suicide". No suicide note explaining why Long chose to commit suicide was ever found. One of Long's friends speculated that part of the reason why he committed suicide was because he "guessed he had passed his peak" in terms of creative output. This matches with previous statements by some of Long's friends "that the only thing on earth he feared was "going stale". He was cremated and his ashes were put into the Pacific Ocean.
Funeral.
Many of Long's friends, including some prominent writers, attended his funeral, including novelist Rupert Hughes (uncle of famous aviator and philanthropist Howard Hughes), humorist Irvin S. Cobb, and stage actor George Jessel. However, his wife Lucy did not attend his funeral since she said that she was too ill. His funeral service lasted only eight minutes. Rupert Hughes was the individual who was chosen to deliver the eulogy. Hughes said that "Long had spent his life putting flowers into the hearts of others", and Long's friends all over the world compensated Long by sending him flowers for his funeral.
Personal life and family.
Long first married Florence E. Webster, but divorced her in 1910. He later married Mrs. Schon, and subsequently married Mrs. Pearl Dillon, who was a writer herself. Finally, in 1922, Long married Lucy Virginia Bovie, who was originally from Gallipolis, Ohio. Their only child, Ray Long, was born two years later. Both his wife and his son outlived Long. At the time of Long's death, his wife and his son lived in Greenwich, Connecticut, whereas Long lived in California.

</doc>
<doc id="36652314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652314" title="Kenricksville, Ohio">
Kenricksville, Ohio

Kenricksville is an unincorporated community located at the intersction of Ohio State Routes 48 and 73 in Clearcreek Township, Warren County, Ohio, United States. The boundaries of this hamlet extend north on SR 48 to the homes located on Harlan Road and east on SR 73 to the location of the Fox Hollow Rodeo, including the Silver Spur Plaza.

</doc>
<doc id="36652333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652333" title="Krogman">
Krogman

Krogman is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36652342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652342" title="Krogmann">
Krogmann

Krogmann is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36652351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652351" title="Ivan Stanković (footballer born 1983)">
Ivan Stanković (footballer born 1983)

Ivan Stanković (Serbian Cyrillic: Иван Станковић; born March 1, 1983) is a Serbian footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36652381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652381" title="John Patterson (Auckland politician)">
John Patterson (Auckland politician)

John Patterson (1855 – May 1923) was an Auckland city councillor 1900–1903 and 1908–1911 and a prominent businessman in Auckland.
Early life.
Patterson was born in Auckland in 1855. He was educated at St Peter's School and was apprenticed to the Leahy Dock Ironworks, where he remained for about thirteen years.
Business.
Patterson was in business as a coachbuilder, wheelwright, farrier, and general blacksmith, first in Karangahape Road and then in Upper Queen St. He was a Justice of the Peace (from 1894) and a member of the Auckland Licensing Committee. He was also a lieutenant in the Royal Irish Volunteers.
Politics.
Patterson was a supporter of the New Zealand Liberal Party. He was first elected to the Auckland City Council in 1900 representing the Karangahape ward, which was eliminated under the Municipal Corporations Act 1900 for the 1903 local body elections. Patterson was re-elected a councillor in a by-election in 1908 by which time the ward system had been abolished in Auckland. He was re-elected in the 1909 local body elections. He ceased to be a councillor in 1911. His party on the council was the Citizens League.
Death.
Patterson died in May 1923 at his residence in England Street, Ponsonby. He is buried at Waikaraka Cemetery in Onehunga. He was survived by his wife and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="36652394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652394" title="Abraham Aboab Falero">
Abraham Aboab Falero

Abraham Aboab Falero ( —1642) was a Portuguese philanthropist.
At the beginning of the seventeenth century or the end of the sixteenth Falero settled in Hamburg. He built the second synagogue in that city, named "Keter Torah," for the Portuguese community. He founded many yeshibot, even in Palestine. Toward the close of his life he went to Verona to see his son R. Samuel Aboab, and died there in 1642. 

</doc>
<doc id="36652415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652415" title="Cregagh Cricket Club">
Cregagh Cricket Club

Cregagh Cricket Club is a cricket club in Belfast, Northern Ireland, playing in Section 3 of the NCU Senior League. 
Honours.
‡ 1 by 2nd XI
† Won by 2nd XI

</doc>
<doc id="36652450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652450" title="Peddannayya">
Peddannayya

Peddannayya is a 1997 Telugu film directed by Sharath and produced by Nandamuri Ramakrishna under Ramakrishna Horticultural Cine Studios. The film stars Balakrishna (Dual role) and Roja and Indraja in the lead roles.
Music.
The music of the film was composed by Koti.

</doc>
<doc id="36652460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652460" title="Mirna Ortiz">
Mirna Ortiz

Mirna Sucely Ortiz Flores (born 28 February 1987) is a Guatemalan racewalker.
Having begun in the sport in 1998, she won a Central American youth title in 2000, and was a promising young athlete in her discipline, but due to financial hardship, she had to abandon the sport at the age of 14. She then returned to a competitive level in 2011, urged by coach Rigoberto Medina. Her return proved to be fruitful as in September 2011 she went on to earn second place in the National Polish Championship in Varsovia, thereby qualifying to the 2012 Olympic Games, and a few weeks later she won the Silver Medal at the 2011 Pan American Games, behind her compatriot Jamy Franco in a race they both led from start to end.
On 18 March 2012 she set the 20 km record for the North, Central American, and Caribbean region at 1:28:54 at the Memorial Mario Albisetti in Lugano, Switzerland, where she came in second.
In the 2012 Olympic games in London she competed in the 20km walk along the other two women of the Guatemala racewalking team, Jamy Franco and Mayra Herrera but was disqualified after 8 km. 
After the world championships that took place in Moscow in August 2013, she married racewalker Érick Barrondo.

</doc>
<doc id="36652461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652461" title="Temple of Amun, Jebel Barkal">
Temple of Amun, Jebel Barkal

The Temple of Amun is an archaeological site at Jebel Barkal in Northern State, Sudan. It is situated about north of Khartoum near Karima. The temple stands near a large bend of the Nile River, in the region that was called Nubia in ancient times. The Temple of Amun, one of the larger temples at Jebel Barkal, is considered sacred to the local population. Not only was the Amun temple a main centre of what at one time was considered to be an almost universal religion, but, along with the other archaeological sites at Jebel Barkal, it was representative of the revival of Egyptian religious values. Up to the middle of the 19th century, the temple was subjected to vandalism, destruction, and indiscriminate plundering, before it came under state protection.
History.
When the Egyptians conquered the Kingdom of Kush in the early Eighteenth Dynasty, they identified Jebel Barkal as their state god Amun's place of birth and his chief southern residence. Amun cults were established in many Nubian locales, but beneath the cliff of Jebel Barkal the Egyptians constructed a major religious center, named Napata, which became the southernmost town in Egypt's African empire. The actual settlement or townsite was probably built some distance away from the religious center, perhaps at Sanam Abu Dom.
Construction of the temple occurred in the 13th century BC. The temple's foundation probably occurred during the reign of Thutmose III, while the temple was shaped during his reign and that of Ramses II. Especially at the time of the Napatan empire, the temple was of great importance for the Kushite kingdom. The Nubian king Piye and subsequent Nubian pharaohs expanded Barkal's Amun temple complex, creating a southern rival to the northern Amun temple at Thebes. Although early Meroe rulers had their own capital, government officials took a coronation journey to the Amun Temple of Jebel Barkal. Here, the king went into the Holy of Holies, where he was confirmed as king by a divine oracle. In the years 25/24 BC, the Romans invaded Nubia during a campaign against the Kushites led by Gaius Petronius. He destroyed the temple and took Jebel Barkal from one of the Kandakes; however, the Romans were unable to make permanent gains and withdrew after razing Napata to the ground. The last large-scale construction works were by the Kushite king Natakamani, who restored some of the Roman destruction, enlarged the temple complex, and renovated the first pylon and other parts of the temple.
Architecture and fittings.
The original temple was relatively small, with one pylon, and a courtyard with ten columns. During the reign of Ramses II, the structure included the Second and Third Pylons, a hypostyle court, a hall with annexes, a chapel, and a pronaos and naos complex. Additions included a second temple behind a pylon, another courtyard, probably without pillars, and several chapels.
A notable temple renovation and enlargement, attributed to Piye, occurred in three stages. First, the old temple was strengthened by a wall and another small portico. For the second step, a large hall with 50 columns, was built. Only the pillars, foundation walls and entrances were made of sandstone, the remaining walls were of unbaked bricks. Lastly, Piye built a large farm, which was also decorated with columns. The court and the portico each had its own pylon. The whole temple complex became over long. North of the First Pylon, a cache of statues was excavated, which included the headless statue of Tantamani (known also by his Amon name, "Tenutamon"), Taharqa's successor.
Many rulers built additional stele, decorated walls or put up statues in the temple. As the religious center was important to both Egyptians and Nubians, Thutmose III stele contains the inscription, "Home of Amun and the Throne of the Two Lands"; found at the Amun temple, it is now at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston. There are stelea attributed to Horemheb and Seti I. Taharqa built ten colossal figures. Tantamani erected a small shrine in the portico. In the first courtyard, there are pillars attributed to Piye and Harsiotef.

</doc>
<doc id="36652467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652467" title="Kathryn Spirit">
Kathryn Spirit

The ship Kathryn Spirit was a 12,300dwt open hatch bulk carrier built in 1967. She was registered in Canada and previously owned by Swedish and Norwegian interests as "Holmsund" and "Menominee". In 2011 her intended demolition in Canada proved controversial and she is now to be broken up in Mexico.
Trading career.
"Kathryn Spirit" was built as Swedish-flag "Holmsund" in 1967 by AB Lindholmens Varv at Gothenburg, Sweden for SCA Transport, later SCA Transforest, the shipping arm of Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget. "Holmsund" and her two sisterships "Tunadal" and "Munksund" were open hatch bulk carriers, with their own gantry cranes, designed for SCA's pulp and forest products exports, in a new integrated transport system utilising the company's own terminls. "Holmsund" was operated by SCA for some 26 years and then sold to Swedish shipowner Gorthon Lines. 
In 1997 "Holmsund" was sold to Norwegian operator for service between the Great Lakes and Europe, and renamed "Menominee". McKeil Marine Ltd of Hamilton, Ontario purchased "Menominee" in 2006, renaming her "Kathryn Spirit" and transferring her to Canadian registry. 
She was primarily used for the transport of bulk commodities on the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence Seaway. In 2007 the "Kathryn Spirit" became the first ship to be used to ship wheat from the Port of Churchill to another Canadian domestic port, Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Disposal.
In 2011, after a period of lay-up, the "Kathryn Spirit" was sold to the Groupe St-Pierre for scrapping. The company decided that they would carry out the demolition at Beauharnois in the Greater Montreal Area, Quebec, on the shores of Lake Saint-Louis. The mayor of Beauharnois opposed the operation, even though it would take place in an area zoned for industry, due to fears about environmental pollution. His concerns were shared by member of parliament Anne Minh-Thu Quach. 
In August 2012, in the face of continued opposition from the municipality, the Quebec Ministry of the Environment and environmental groups, the Groupe St-Pierre decided to withdraw from the demolition project and resold the "Kathryn Spirit" to the Mexican company Reciclajes Ecológicos Marítimos. The American-owned, Bolivian-flagged tug "Craig Trans", built in 1944, was hired to tow her to Mexico, but was detained at Halifax by Transport Canada due to safety deficiencies and poor living conditions. The tug's crew were later repatriated with charitable donations, and the tug arrested by creditors. 
By May 2013 there were further delays in the departure of "Kathryn Spirit", due to water ingress, lack of survey for the voyage and other environmental concerns, and a fear that lower water levels might prevent her departure until 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36652479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652479" title="Louai Sakka">
Louai Sakka

Louai Sakka (born 1972) is a Syrian of Turkish background, who was convicted in Turkey of playing a role in several terrorist bombings.
His first conviction was overturned on appeal, and he is currently being re-tried.
Early life.
Sakka is the son of a wealthy factory owner in Aleppo, Syria.
Alleged jihadist career.
According to "The Washington Post", Sakka was suspected of playing a role in a plot to bomb hotels in Amman, Jordan, on 31 December 1999. They reported he was the planner of the truck bomb attacks that killed 57 in Istanbul in 2003; that he was a trusted associate of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, and had led foreign fighters during the battle of Fallujah; and that he aided other fighters in their travels, with funding and false passports. He was captured in Antalya when a bomb exploded in his apartment on 4 August 2005.
"The Washington Post" reported that Turkish security officials asserted he had acknowledged that he had been constructing the bomb, which he intended to use as a suicide bomb when he guided a yacht into a cruise ship that had American GIs.
Sakka was represented by Osman Karakan.
Karakan said that Sakka had willingly acknowledged his jihadist activities, and remained committed to jihadism—but was nevertheless refusing to sign a confession.
Sakka is believed to have undergone plastic surgery in order to hide from security officials.
"The Washington Post" reported that he drank alcohol, and hung out with unmarried women, in order to mask the fact that he was a fundamentalist. "Today's Zaman" reported Sakka had warned Turkish troops in Afghanistan that they could be faced with "“disaster”".
On February 7, 2012, investigators from the United Nations interviewed Sakka, interested in whether he had played a role in the assassination of Lebanon's Prime Minister Refik Hariri.
On 21 March 2012, the judge in Sakka's case barred him from the courtroom, because he was wearing an orange jumpsuit, similar to those made infamous for being issued to Guantanamo captives.

</doc>
<doc id="36652487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652487" title="Jagoff">
Jagoff

Jagoff or jag-off is an American derogatory slang term from Pittsburgh English meaning a person who is stupid or inept. It is most prominent in the Pittsburgh and Western Pennsylvania areas. The "Dictionary of American Regional English" defines the term as "general term of disparagement." It is an archetypical Pittsburgh word, conjuring warm and nostalgic feelings among Pittsburgh expatriates.
According to Barbara Johnstone, Professor of English and Linguistics at Carnegie Mellon University, the term has its roots in the northern British Isles, an area that supplied many immigrants to Pittsburgh. It is derived from the verb "to jag," which means "to prick or poke." Johnstone said that "Nobody thinks of these derivatives of ‘jag' as obscene."
"Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" sports journalist Dejan Kovacevic said "The true measure of any distinct language is its ability to create a word that no one else can match. And that, I always have found, is the beauty of the fairly harmless term "jagoff.""
Use in media as a typical Pittsburgh phrase.
Michael Keaton, a native of Coraopolis, Pennsylvania, just outside of Pittsburgh, uses the term in his film debut, Night Shift, in a scene where his character, a towel-boy at an adult club known as Paradise Found, fights with his boss. He uses it again in Gung Ho, in the scene before Kazuhiro tries to drown himself in the river.
The term made an appearance in the 2010 Denzel Washington film "Unstoppable" as a nod to the fact that the movie was filmed in Pittsburgh.
The term also appears in the 1992 movie Glengarry Glen Ross. Dave Moss, the character played by Ed Harris, utters the phrase "...I get humiliated by some jagoff cop."
In Martin Scorsese's movie Casino the character played by Robert de Niro is being called a "fucking jag-off". An accident that results in a violent bar fight.
SNL writer/actor Seth Meyers (the son of a Pittsburgh native) used the term and a Pittsburghese accent during a sketch entitled ""Bar;"" he also employed a Bill Cowher impression.
The term also made an appearance in the AMC TV show Breaking Bad Season 3 Episode 7 'One Minute'. Drug Enforcement Agent Hank Schrader receives a phone call warning of an attempt on his life. After the disguised voice finishes the warning, Schrader states, "I don't get the gag jagoff, who is this?"
In the 2012 movie The Perks of Being a Wallflower, Charlie studies at a Pennsylvania highschool. In the classroom, the girl sitting next to him notices he wears a new suit and tells him: "Nice look, jagoff!".
Joe Mantegna (Character David Rossi) uses the term Jagoff in several episodes of Criminal Minds. http://www.cbs.com/shows/criminal_minds/
In the Community episode Accounting for Lawyers (Season 2, Episode 2), Jeff's former boss Ted (played by Drew Carey) refers to another lawyer, Alan, as "Spineless, trust fund, jagoff".
Controversies over the term.
In 2010, Pittsburgh-native and coach of the Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team, John Calipari raised hackles in the media when he jokingly referred to fellow Pittsburgher John Buccigross a "jagoff".
In 2012, David Shribman, a Massachusetts native and executive editor of the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette", issued a letter banning the use of the word "jagoff" anywhere in the newspaper. The decision was mocked by Chris Potter of the "Pittsburgh City Paper", noting that Shribman's letter belied an utter lack of understanding of the actual etymology and history of the word, as he had confused it with the more base homophone for masturbation. In response "The Beaver County Times" used some form of the term 19 times in a single article, suggesting that Shribman has "Jagoffphobia."

</doc>
<doc id="36652492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652492" title="Mutisalah">
Mutisalah

The term mutisalah refers to heirloom beads in the Indonesian islands of Timor, Flores, Sumba and Suwa (known today as Nusa Tenggara Timur). Mutisalah are also found in the Philippines and Borneo. Mutisalah were originally Indo-Pacific beads of orange and orange red color. The earliest of these beads came from Southern India and have been dated as early as 200 BC. Their manufacture spread to other centers.
In the 9th-century Buddhist Sailendra dynasty, drawn Indo-Pacific beads, now called mutisalah, were produced by the Sumatran Srivijaya empire These beads were traded into Borneo, Java and to the eastern Indonesian islands until the 13th century. Nieuwenhuis, whose observations date from the turn of the century, reports that the reddish-brown beads, known in the Timor archipelago as mutisalah, and which also occur in South Sumatra, were brought from the Lampong Districts to Timor, where they yielded a high price. Likewise, inhabitants of Kroé in Benkulen travelled from Sumatra to the west coast of Borneo and traversed the island to sell their ancient beads profitably to the Bahau and other tribes. Archeological evidence from 1000 to 1200 AD shows that this type of bead predominated. From the 13th century they are much less common. Chinese-made beads came into use after the defeat of Srivajaya Kingdom and it is postulated that the Chinese traders took advantage of the scarcity that was a consequence of the changed trade patterns. Chinese coil beads became common in Sumatra, Java and Borneo after the 12th century, but there is little evidence of Chinese trade with the Nusa Tenggara Timur until the Ming dynasty.
Distribution.
Mutisalah are found and still treasured as heirloom beads or beads declaring status and wealth in Sumba, Flores and Timor. They are also in use in Borneo. Mutisalah are found in Sumatra, but there they do not seem to have the same heirloom status. In the Philippines mutisalah have been found in grave sites from between 100 BC and 500 AD. that are known to have been manufactured in Arikamedu, South India. There is little evidence that they came though direct trade, rather that they probably changed hands several times before reaching the Philippines.
Classification.
There are two classes of mutisalah. One, the Mutiraja, is owned (and touched) only by royalty. They are reddish-brown or orange, shiny, and heavy in weight. That is, they are the lead-glass Chinese "coil" beads. The mutiraja used all over Nusa Tenggara Timur are usually quite small. There are larger mutiraja from 1.5 to 3 mm in diameter which are found only on Sumba and are very rare. The other class is known as mutibatta (orange) or Mutitanah (red-brown). They are somewhat larger than Mutiraja, are dull in luster, and are not as heavy. These are drawn Indo-Pacific beads and are the beads of the commoners.
Value.
In the eastern islands those beads today mutisalah are saved as heirlooms. The beads are valued differently by different cultures in the various islands.
In Sumba Mutiraja are owned (and touched) only by royalty. Mutiraja are worn as necklaces by young princesses, and after marriage as bracelets, anklets, and rings (in the old days they were also sewn onto clothes). The bride's family gives them to the groom in exchange for 50 to 100 carabao (water buffaloes) or horses and some gold. The bride, however, wears the beads and passes them on to her daughter. 
In Timor, in 1965 a 12-inch long strand equaled the price of a water buffalo. In the 1970s some mutisalah which originated from sites in Sumatra were being exchanged for precious textiles by Haji Baharudin who then sold the textiles to collectors in Japan and the US.
Uses.
In Sumba Mutiraja beads are worn by royalty on special occasions, but if the royal family does not wish to attend some ceremony' they send a servant bedecked with the beads. The servant wears either a, "Kahanga Hupu", a single strand around the neck and four long strands reaching to the ground terminated with gold coins or a "Papiarang," which is similar but a double strand.
In Flores mutisalah may be owned only by the chieftan and are displayed on ceremonial occasions. Common people are forbidden to wear them.
In Borneo, among the Maloh people, beads are tied to the wrists of couple at marriage, and when a new communal house was built, beads are placed in the holes dug for the main posts of the structure. The Kelabit people call mutisalah "head of the ghost", affixing two of them to the end of a sharpened stick that was placed in the ground near a rice field to ensure a bountiful harvest.

</doc>
<doc id="36652512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652512" title="Cop Block">
Cop Block

Cop Block (or CopBlock) is a loosely organized group whose members film police activity to promote accountability.
Activities.
In July 2010, Pete Eyre and Adam "Ademo Freeman" Mueller, members of the organization were arrested for videotaping officials at the Franklin County, Massachusetts jail. The organization is known for videotaping public officials nationally, with many of the interactions ending in arrest as a form of civil disobedience.
In October 2011, Cop Block sponsored a “National Chalk the Police Day” in fifteen cities to protest arrests of protesters who had used chalk to put up anti-police signs on city property.
In 2011, Cop Block posted a video to their website, alleging that a Manchester, New Hampshire police officer used excessive force on a student at West High school. According to the New Hampshire Union Leader, the student showed no visible signs of injury either in his mugshot or later interviews. One of its founders, Ademo Freeman, was arrested on wiretapping charges during his follow-up of the arrest. He was facing 21 years in prison on the charges, but was sentenced 90 days in jail and 3 years probation following his conviction.This conviction was overturned on appeal.
Controversies.
In July 2011, Kershaw County, South Carolina Republican Party co-chair Jeff Mattox became embroiled in a controversy after he "liked" a Cop Block video cross-posted on a Tea Party website. The controversy was reported on nationally at Politico.com. Mattox stated that he would not step down from his post after the controversy and stated that he had thought the Cop Block article had been an "interesting read."

</doc>
<doc id="36652517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652517" title="Seyyed Nematollah Jazayeri">
Seyyed Nematollah Jazayeri

Seyyed Nematollah Jazayeri (Arabic : سید نعمة الله الجزائری, Persian: سید نعمت الله جزایری)
was a prominent shia scholar born in 1640 in one of the islands (Hence called Jazayeri, Island: Jazireh) around Basra. He was one of the grandchildren of Musa al-Kadhim 7th Imam of Shias. His paternal lineage is as follows : Seyyed Ne'mat Allah son of Seyyed Abd Allah son of Mohammad son of Hossein son of Ahmad son of Mahmoud son of Ghias Aldin son of Majd Aldin so of Noor Aldin son of Saad Allah son of Issa son of Musa son of Abdallah son of Musa al-Kadhim. 
Early life.
After finishing primary education, Jazayeri and his brother (Seyyed Najm al –Din) traveled to Shiraz –Iran to continue his education. He led a poor and difficult life in Shiraz, he had to work hard to be able to study. Therefore he transcribed books, corrected the transcriptions and wrote glosses on books in order to earn money. Sometimes he worked from night up to morning, then studied his lessons and started teaching up to midday and after that he himself attended one of his masters’ class.
He spent three years in this manner in Shiraz. He studied under great teachers in Shiraz: sheikh Jafar Bahrani (d. 1679), Ibrahim Ibn mullah Sadra, shah Abul Vali Shirazi, Seyyed Hashem Ehsaee, sheikh Saleh Kazkazani (d. 1686). After marriage he traveled to Isfahan to complete his education. The following are some of his teachers in Isfahan: 
Seyyed Ahmad Mirza Jazayeri, Mirza Rafi’ Tabatabaei (d. 1668), Sheikh Emad Yazdi, Mohaqeq Sabzewari (d.1678), sheikh Ali Aameli, sheikh Horr Aameli (d. 1692), sheikh Hossein Khansari (d. 1686), Amir Ismail Khatun Abaadi (d. 1704), mullah Mohsen Feiz Kashani (d. 1679) and Allameh Baqer Majlesi some of Allameh Baqer Majlesi Pupils More than 1,000 scholars and researchers have benefited from the advantageous classes of Allameh Majlesi. He has also issued many religious authorizations and licenses for his pupils. The following are recorded as some of his pupils:
1- Sayyed Ne'mat Allah Jazayeri one of the Grandsons of Imam Musa Kazim (7th Imam of the shias)
2- Jafar son of Abdullah Kamareyee Isfahani
3- Zaynul-Abedin son of Sheikh Horr Ameli
4- Suleyman son of Abdullah Mahuzi Bahrani
5- Sheikh Abdul-Razzaq Guilani
6- Abdul-Reza Kashani
7- Mohammad Baqer Biabanaki
8- Mirza Abdullah Affandi Isfahani author of "Riyazul-Ulema"
9- Sayyed Ali Khan Madani author of "Riyazul-Salekin" (a commentary on Imam Sajjad's (a.s.) Supplications)
10-Sheikh Horr Ameli
11-Mohammad son of Ismael Fassaie Shirazi
12-Mohammad son of Hassan, known as Fazel Hindi
In Isfahan also he had a poor life but his teacher “Allameh Majlesi” helped and supported him; Jazayeri also helped him in writing the prominent book “Beharul Anwar”. He stayed four years in Allameh Majlesi’s house and gradually started teaching in a school. 
In 1668, he was invited to Khuzestan –Iran by the ruler of Khuzestan (Fath Ali khan). Jazayeri established many mosques and religious schools and trained great students. He was the religious leader of Khuzestan and also south of Iraq. He guided people and tried to abolish the enmity between tribes. 
Students.
Jazayeri trained many students such as: 
Abul Hasan Qaravi Isfahani, Abul Hasan Shushtari, sheikh Ali Jameyi Aameli, Fath Allah Dorfi, Qazi (Judge) Taqi Shushtari, sheikh Muhammad Sabiri, sheikh Muhammad Alamul Hoda Kashani, sheikh Muhammad Najjar Shushtari, Mahmoud Meimandi and many others. 
Works.
There are left over 55 works of him such as:
Jazayeri was one of the most effective pupils of Allamah Majlesi that turned Sunni's in to Shia's.In the Safavid era, the meaning of the word “Mojtahed” suggesting “the person who attained maturity in the religious issues and who can be imitated” also changed. Seyyed Nematollah Jazayeri Al Anvar ol Alnamaniye who was a disciple of Allameh Majlesi who was considered one of the foundation stones of the Shia sect described the Mojtahed concept as “the heir of our Prophet, the caliphate of Allah and the speaking language of our God” and Mojtahed became the focus of the moral and social assessments. Mojtahed had knowledge about this world and the world which we will pass to and the recovery of the society was entirely in his responsibility. This interesting office reached such a position that the Safavid kings would take even their own crowns from the hand of Faqih or Mojtahed al Asrai. 
Seyyed Nemat Allah Jazayeri died in 1700 in the city of Pol-e Dokhtar and was buried there.

</doc>
<doc id="36652525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652525" title="Aikatsu!">
Aikatsu!

, short for Aikatsu Idol Action! and , is an arcade collectible card game in Bandai's "Data Carddass" line of machines, which launched in October 2012. The game revolves around using collectible cards featuring various clothes to help aspiring idols pass auditions. An anime adaptation by Sunrise began airing on TV Tokyo from October 8, 2012. A film adaptation is currently in production. A Nintendo 3DS game was released on November 15, 2012, with a second released on November 21, 2013. Three manga adaptations have been published by Shogakukan.
Summary.
The series takes place at , a prestigious school with both middle and high branches, where girls train to become idols and take part in various auditions. such as modeling, singing, and dancing. To participate in these auditions, players use Aikatsu cards, special cards which contain digitized dresses and accessories from various manufacturers that are used in their auditions. How well they succeed is often dependent on choosing the right combination of cards. The video games cast players in the role of a new student, who must train to become an idol and reach the top.
The anime series follows a girl named Ichigo Hoshimiya, who becomes inspired by a performance by top idol Kanzaki Mizuki and enrolls in Starlight Academy alongside her best friend, Kiriya Aoi. Along with their classmate, Shibuki Ran, Hoshimiya Ichigo and Kiriya Aoi spend each day training for auditions and aiming to become top idols. At the end of the first season, Ichigo leaves Starlight Academy for a year to study in America. During this time, a rival idol school, , is founded, raising its own breed of idols. The second season starts with Ichigo returning back to Starlight Academy, as she now befriends and competes with Dream Academy's Otoshiro Seira, and her fellow idols.
Media.
Video games.
The "Aikatsu!" arcade game from Bandai began appearing in Japanese arcades from October 2012 as part of its "Data Carddass" line. The game revolves around using collectible cards to help idols pass their auditions. A handheld title, , was released for the Nintendo 3DS on November 15, 2012. A second 3DS game, titled , released on November 21, 2013.
Anime.
An anime television series produced by Sunrise and Telecom Animation Film began airing on TV Tokyo from October 8, 2012, replacing "Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal" in its initial timeslot, starting Episode 25, the timeslot changes and slated Gintama"s timeslot. A second season began airing from October 3, 2013. Sunrise's director, Masayuki Ozaki, has stated "Aikatsu" may be considered for a US release if fans are vocal enough about it. An animated film based on the series produced by Sunrise, Bandai and Toei will be released on December 13, 2014.
Music.
Main music and most of the songs are composed and arranged by monaca. Most of the insert songs also written by Saori Codama, Aki Hata, and uRy. Various CDs has been released during the series.
STAR☆ANIS.
STAR☆ANIS is a Japanese idol unit who are the featured performers for the songs in relation to the Data Carddass Aikatsu! game, as well as the Aikatsu! anime adaption. Each of the members provides the singing voice of at least one idol in the Aikatsu! universe.
Printed Media.
Three manga adaptations has been published by Shogakukan. Two series illustrated by Banbi Shirayuki were published in "Ciao" and the Official Fanbook respectively. A third series, written by Shiori Kanaki and illustrated by Akane, was serializaed in "Pucchigumi". Six volumes of has been released under Ciao Mook. A light novel adaptation also began publication starting August 8, 2013, featuring illustrations by Kyō Nagiri.

</doc>
<doc id="36652537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652537" title="Juxtaposed controls">
Juxtaposed controls

Juxtaposed controls (in French, "des bureaux de contrôles nationaux juxtaposés", or 'BCNJ') refer to an arrangement between Belgium, France and the United Kingdom whereby immigration checks on certain cross-Channel routes take place before boarding the train or ferry, rather than upon arrival after disembarkation. With the exception of the Eurotunnel route, customs checks remain unaffected by juxtaposed immigration controls and continue to take place upon arrival after disembarkation.
Rail.
Eurotunnel.
In 1991, the Sangatte Protocol was signed between France and the UK, an agreement that provided for border checkpoints to be set up by France at Cheriton in Kent and for border checkpoints to be set up by the UK at Coquelles in France.
As a result of the agreement, starting from 1994, when travelling from the UK to France by Eurotunnel, French immigration and customs checks both take place before departure from Cheriton, rather than on arrival in France. When travelling from France to the UK by Eurotunnel, travellers have to clear both French exit checks and UK immigration and customs checks in Coquelles before boarding the train.
Unlike the juxtaposed controls for the Eurostar and ferry which only consist of immigration pre-embarkation checks, juxtaposed controls for the Eurotunnel consist of both immigration and customs pre-embarkation checks.
In 2002-2003, at the UK immigration checkpoint at Coquelles in France, 2232 people were refused entry in the UK.
In July 2004, after a tripartite agreement was signed by Belgium, France and the UK, UK pre-embarkation immigration checkpoints were also established at Brussels Midi station.
As a result of the agreements, when travelling from the UK to Belgium or France by Eurostar, immigration entry checks into the Schengen Area take place before boarding the train in the UK, rather than on arrival in Belgium or France. The immigration entry checks are carried out in the UK stations before embarkation by the French Border Police (which also carries out immigration entry checks on behalf of the Belgian Federal Police for passengers travelling to Belgium). When travelling from Belgium or France to the UK by Eurostar, passengers clear immigration exit checks from the Schengen Area as well as UK immigration entry checks before boarding the train.
Customs checks on Eurostar passengers remain unaffected by the agreements and continue to take place upon arrival after leaving the train.
Between 2002 and 2003, 2442 passengers were refused entry into the UK at the UK immigration checkpoints in Paris Gare du Nord and Lille Europe stations on the basis that they had inadequate documentation. At Gare de Calais-Fréthun, 56 passengers were refused entry into the UK at the UK immigration checkpoint there.
Ferry.
On 4 February 2003, France and the UK concluded the 'Le Touquet Treaty' (formally known as the 'Treaty between the Government of the United Kingdom and the Government of the French Republic concerning the implementation of frontier controls at sea ports of both countries on the Channel and North Sea'), an agreement that provided for juxtaposed controls on a number of cross-Channel ferry routes. The Treaty was subsequently put into effect in the UK by the Nationality, Immigration and Asylum Act 2002 (Juxtaposed Controls) Order 2003.
France has established immigration checkpoints at Port of Dover, where the French Border Police carries out immigration entry checks into the Schengen Area on passengers travelling to Calais or Dunkirk.
At present, the UK has immigration checkpoints at the ports of Calais and Dunkirk (previously, the UK also had an immigration checkpoint at the port of Boulogne-sur-Mer). At Calais and Dunkirk, passengers go through French exit checks as well as UK immigration entry checks before embarkation.
Customs checks on ferry passengers remain unaffected by the Treaty and continue to take place upon arrival after leaving the ferry. Therefore, when travelling from France to Dover, although ferry passengers have already gone through immigration checks before departure, when they arrive in the UK, they might still be stopped by customs officers for a customs inspection. Similarly, when travelling from Dover to France, although ferry passengers have already been through immigration checks by the French Border Police at Dover, they might still be subject to a customs check by French Customs on arrival in France.
Between 2003 and 2007, 10,766 people were refused entry into the UK by UK immigration officers stationed in Calais.
A Joint Operational Coordination Centre has been created at the port of Calais to strengthen co-operation between the UK Border Force, French Border Police and French Customs.

</doc>
<doc id="36652538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652538" title="Under the Mountain">
Under the Mountain

Under the Mountain is a 1979 children's book by New Zealand writer Maurice Gee. It has been adapted into a 1981 television miniseries and a 2009 film.
Plot.
Beneath the extinct volcanoes surrounding the city, giant creatures are waking from a spellbound sleep that has lasted thousands of years. Their goal is the destruction of the world.
Rachel and Theo Matheson are twins. Apart from having red hair, there is nothing remarkable about them - or so they think. They are horrified to discover that they have a strange and awesome destiny. Only the Matheson twins can save the world from the terror of what is under the mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="36652539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652539" title="Steven Hacker">
Steven Hacker

Steven M. Hacker is the author of "The Medical Entrepreneur: Pearls, Pitfalls and Practical Business Advice for Doctors", creator of the Medical Entrepreneur App and the course director of a symposium based on the book. He is also the founder of SkinStore.com and PassportMD.
Early career.
Hacker earned his medical degree from the University of Florida in 1989. He completed two years of Internal Medicine residency training at the University of Michigan in 1991, and completed a three-year dermatology residency at the University of Florida in 1994. He started a private dermatology practice in Boca Raton, Florida, in 1994. In 2011, he started a second cosmetic dermatology practice, at Spa Anjali in Avon, Colorado.
Companies.
SkinStore.com.
In 1996, Hacker founded SkinStore.com, an online retailer that allows customers to purchase a wide range of specialized skin care and beauty products without needing a consultation from a physician. In 2001, Salu acquired Dermdex, SkinStore.com’s parent company. At the tail end of 2009, Drugstore.com acquired SkinStore.com through its purchase of Salu in a $36 million half-stock, half-cash transaction. Through its 2011 acquisition of Drugstore.com, Walgreens acquired SkinStore.com, in a $429 million deal. CBS News called the move “wise,” allowing Walgreens to grow without adding more physical stores. Walgreens continues to operate SkinStore.com as a standalone business.
PassportMD.
Hacker launched PassportMD in 2005, and served as CEO until 2009. The personal health record (PHR) service collects and keeps a secure, HIPAA-compliant online database of the medical histories of adult patients, and is accessible by the patient and the patient’s designated physicians. The idea for the service came to Hacker after his father had a medical emergency while on a European cruise. Hacker felt that a service that organizes one’s medical records would help expedite the necessary transfer of information during such an emergency. When it began, the data was stored on CD-ROMs and given to patients, but it is now entirely online. 
From 2008 to 2009, former "Good Morning America" co-host Joan Lunden served as a PassportMD spokesperson. In a 2009 pilot program in Arizona and Utah, PassportMD was one of four services chosen by Medicare to be made available as a PHR vendor, in order to determine the effectiveness of PHRs for senior citizens.
Passport MD was acquired by MediConnect Global at the end of 2009, and its headquarters were moved from Florida to Utah, where MediConnect is based. In 2012, MediConnect was purchased by Verisk Analytics for $348.6 million.
The Medical Entrepreneur.
Book.
In 2010, Hacker wrote "The Medical Entrepreneur: Pearls, Pitfalls and Practical Business Advice for Doctors". Based on Hacker’s own experiences with start-ups and in practice management, the book is intended to teach what medical school doesn’t. The first part of the book advises physicians on how to navigate the business aspects of the profession, with a focus on private practice, while the second is a guide for physicians interested in becoming entrepreneurs. The foreword is written by Daniel Mark Siegel, MD MS, president of the American Academy of Dermatology.
As of August 2012, the Kindle edition of "The Medical Entrepreneur" ranks in the top 10 of Amazon Best Sellers in Practice Management & Reimbursement and Physicians.
Symposium.
In 2012, Hacker started The Medical Entrepreneur Symposium, an annual three-day gathering in Florida, featuring professional speakers expanding on topics covered in Hacker’s book of the same name. The symposium is geared toward physicians, academics and others working in the field of health care.
App.
In 2012, Hacker created and developed the Medical Entrepreneur App for the iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch. The free business app was designed to provide private practice management information for medical students and doctors.
Works.
Medical and scientific journals.
Hacker has published over 30 articles in both peer and non-peer reviewed medical and scientific journals.

</doc>
<doc id="36652586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652586" title="Harikumar Pallathadka">
Harikumar Pallathadka

Harikumar Pallathadka (Harikumar P in short) is a prominent Indian Right to Information (RTI) (known as FOI in the west) and Social Activist.
History.
He holds an MBA. and a PhD degrees in "Constitutional law" and in the subject of "Public Participation in Governance".
He is a National General Secretary of India Against Corruption from September 2013.
Activism.
His series of RTI applications on Indian Income Tax system have highlighted the fact that barely 3% of Indians pay income taxes as of 2006. This issue has widely been discussed in the media and forums.
His RTI applications on security of Electronic Voting Machines led to the Election Commission of India to divulge details regarding the EVM's and to publicly release the copy of the expert Committee report on security of EVM's headed by Prof. PV Indiresan.
In January 2008, the Government of India was forced to update and properly maintain the official website of the RTI following the order of the CIC acting upon the complaint of Harikumar. The CIC has also commended the efforts of Harikumar in its order and asked the department to implement and to introduce various public friendly initiatives for the effective implementations of the RTI Act, 2005.
He raised the matter of frequent accidents of Sea Harrier fighter jets with the Indian Navy through media. After that even the media has continued raising the questions of safety of security of older Sea Harrier fighter jests with the Indian Navy. Finally in August 2009, after another crash, The Indian Navy has grounded the entire Sea Harrier fighter jet fleet for probe.
His RTI applications on internal border disputes within India led to the Government of India revealing in 2006 that there were nearly a dozen of unsolved and pending disputes of that type.
His series of RTI applications on Indian Prisoners of War has shed light on inconsistencies of official figures between various departments of Government of India and this has led to various measures being taken by the Government of India in the matter of Indian Prisoners of War.
After an RTI concerning pesticides, 25 pesticides were banned for manufacture, import and use in India which involved a health hazard to human beings, animals and damage to the environment and others faced partial curbs by the Government of India .
He has also attempted to highlight the problem faced by students due to the existence of more than "200 fake educational institutions" that prey on students in India. He has tried to shed light on various socially relevant subjects including Indians believed to be detained in Pakistani jails.
He has fought many cases against several private Universities across various Indian States for the implementation of RTI and Public disclosure in the Private Universities including the states of Punjab, Nagaland, Meghalaya.

</doc>
<doc id="36652601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652601" title="1955 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1955 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1955 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 5 teams. The national champions were La Salle.

</doc>
<doc id="36652636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652636" title="RuPaul's All Stars Drag Race">
RuPaul's All Stars Drag Race

"RuPaul's All Stars Drag Race" is the All-Star season of RuPaul's Drag Race and premiered on the Logo network on October 22, 2012. Cast members were announced on August 6. 
This season features twelve returning contestants representing all four seasons for a chance to be inducted into the ""Drag Race" Hall of Fame". This series aired six hour-length episodes. Contestants were judged on their "charisma, uniqueness, nerve and talent" and, since they competed in teams of two, also "synergy". The winner received a supply of MAC cosmetics, a "one of a kind trip" and $100,000. The theme song playing during the runway every episode is "Sexy Drag Queen" (dootdoot 'doot-swift' Remix) and the song playing during the credits is "Responsitrannity" (Matt Pop's Edit), the latter of which is originally from RuPaul's album "Glamazon".
The first episode introduced several changes to the rules for the All Stars competition. Queens competed in teams of two, determined by the contestants themselves. Both members of the team would be eliminated. The bottom two teams chose one member to "lip synch for their lives". The non-lip synching teammates had the option during the first minute of the performance to declare a "she-mergency", hit a panic button and "tag in" to complete the performance.
On October 19, 2012, Logo's Facebook page released to users who liked the page a 44 minute preview of episode one.
RuPaul dedicated the first episode in memory of Sahara Davenport, a former competitor and the partner of All Star contestant Manila Luzon.
Contestants.
The drag queens competing to be "Queen Of All Queens" are:
"(ages and names stated are at time of contest)"
Team Progress.
Abbreviations:
Judges.
The complete roster of guest judges includes:
Episodes.
Episode One: It Takes Two.
"Airdate: October 22, 2012"
The twelve returning queens are surprised to learn they will be competing in teams of two and that both team members will be eliminated together. The first challenge is for the teammates to make each other up for a high fashion photo shoot. In the first picture, "Half-baked", the queens are to show themselves in the process of getting made up, with no wigs. For "Opposites Attract" the queens have to portray a concept that conveys opposites. Team Latrila wins the challenge, and Team Rujubee was announced as the second best. These two teams are dismissed from the stage while the remaining teams are critiqued. Team Yarlexis' Opposites Attract photo was criticized for lack of creativity, and their runway presenation was deemed "just cute". Team Mandora was criticized for lack of cooperation, as well as their runway looks. Team Brown Flowers received few critiques, with Santino noting Nina wasn't displaying the same type of power he saw she had back in season one, and Tammie Brown is once again praised for her campy performance in the photo shoot. Team Shad received very negative feedback on all parts of their performance, which Ru believes was caused by the fact they had worked together and known each other for so long. After deliberation, Team Shad and Team Mandora find themselves the bottom two teams. Mimi and Chad lip synch to Paula Abdul's "Opposites Attract". Chad wins and he and Shannel stay. Pandora and Mimi are eliminated and must "sashay away".
Episode Two: RuPaul's Gaff-In.
"Airdate: October 29, 2012"
The mini-challenge, "In Da Butt Ru", tests how well the teams know each other by asking them questions in the style of "The Newlywed Game". The winning team received cream pies to the face as its "prize".
For the main challenge, teams had to write original comedy material for a "Laugh-In" style sketch show. For the show the queens delivered celebrity impersonations.
Each team had to perform three segments, a cocktail party, a joke exchange with Ru and a joke wall. For the runway teams displayed their best 1960s fashions. Following the presentations, the teams received their critiques, most notably with one well-performing member, and one poor-performing member. Yara Sofia was strongly praised for her impersonation of Charo, which the judges believe was enough to hold the team up, as Alexis' Shakira impersonation fell flat. Latrice Royale is criticized for not delivering Oprah, while Manila Luzon is praised on her impersonation of Madonna, even though Michelle does give her some critiques regarding her makeup for the evening. Jujubee is praised for her impersonation of Fran Drescher, although Santino did not believe she looked like her, and Raven is critiqued on her poor impersonation of Bea Arthur. Shannel is told her Lucille Ball was not spot-on, but Chad's Bette Davis is highly liked, and therefore praised. Nina Flowers is critiqued for not giving La Lupe enough of a personality, although Busy Phillips does compliment her on her look for the evening, and Tammie Brown is criticized on letting her own personality take over Tammie Faye Messner. Team Brown Flowers received very few positive notes, with Santino saying their jokes were poor and the performance was even uncomfortable to watch. Team Yarlexis won the challenge, while Team Latrilla and Team Brown Flowers fell into the bottom two. Latrice and Tammie lip synced to "There's No Business Like Show Business" from "Annie Get Your Gun"; Latrice prevailed and Team Latrila stayed while Team Brown Flowers sashayed away.
In the companion series "Untucked", Chad Michaels received a supportive video message from his father, from whom he had been estranged for 25 years.
Episode Three: Queens Behaving Badly.
"Airdate: November 5, 2012"
In the mini-challenge, the queens had to take a photographic self-portrait posed as a sexy macho male. Team Yarlexis won. For the main challenge each queen, under the direction of their partner via earpiece, had to go to Hollywood Boulevard and convince passers-by to participate in pranks, for example slapping the queen with a novelty foam hand or allowing the queen to spray whipped cream down the pedestrian's pants. Each prank was assigned a point value. On the runway the queens were to wear "girl gone bad" outfits. Team Shad was the only team who performed well, thus making them the winners of the challenge. Team Rujubee was critiqued for not being "in sync" with each other, as well as their runway performances not giving enough. Team Yarlexis is called out by their other competitors as the weakest team, and the ones that should go next. Manila Luzon once again receives praise for her performance in the challenge, as well as her runway look, but Latrice is criticized on all accounts of her look as well as her performance. Team Latrila and Team Rujubee are declared the bottom two, and Manila and Jujubee perform the lip-sync. Jujubee won the lip sync and Latrice and Manila had to sashay away.
In the companion series "Untucked", former contestant Tatianna served "Tea with Tati", in which she "read" (insulted) several of the remaining contestants. 
Episode Four: All Star Girl Groups.
"Airdate: November 12, 2012"
In the mini challenge the girls had to dress up in cheer-leading costumes and "read" the other contestants in a cheer format. Team Yarlexis were the winners of this mini challenge. The main challenge was to form a girl group with celebrity women and drag them up into a Drag Girl Group. Team Yarlexis selected Kelly Osbourne (daughter of Ozzy Osbourne and Sharon Osbourne), Team Shad chose Jillian Hervey (Vanessa L. Williams's daughter) while Team Rujubee opted for Katy Z (Pia Zadora's daughter). Team Yarlexis' song to perform is "Cover Girl", Team Shad's song to perform is "Glamazon", and Team Rujubee's song to perform is "Jealous of My Boogie". After their group performances in front of a live audience, the groups received their critiques. Team Shad's look is praised, but they are criticized for making Jillian the center of attention during the performance. Team Yarlexis' look is praised for being a coordinating look, but they are criticized for being out of sync with the song. Team Rujubee receives the harsher of the critiques, with the critiques mainly focusing on the lack of "dragging up" on Katy, as well as performing moves Raven and Jujubee learned in the video shoot for "Jealous of My Boogie" at the end of season 2. Once again, Team Shad wins the challenge, while Team Rujubee lands in the bottom two, this time alongside Team Yarlexis. Raven and Alexis are the original performers of the lip-sync, but within a minute after the start of the performance, Yara hits the she-mergency button and tags Alexis to finish the lip-sync. Raven wins the lip-sync for Team Rujubee, and Team Yarlexis sashays away.
Episode Five: Dynamic Drag Duos.
"Airdate: November 19, 2012"
In the mini challenge, the remaining pairs played a basketball mini-challenge: "Fish" instead of "Horse." Team Rujubee won and got a chance to talk to their love ones. For the main challenge, the teams created a story about a Super Hero and a Super Villain. Chad and Jujubee play their teams' superheroes, while Raven and Shannel play the villains. Shannel's look is critiqed as being a little too reminding of an S&M store, while Chad's look as Fire Crotch is praised. The team's backstory, however, is told to be a little misleading. Raven's look is highly praised, but Jujubee's look is deemed flat, as well as their hero/villain backstory. The judges were torn between the remaining pairs, but Team Shad ultimately won for a third straight week in a row, and Team Rujubee lip synced for their lives for the third straight week as well. This time Raven and Jujubee must lip-sync against each other. After an emotional lip-sync, RuPaul elected to save both of the queens and advance them to the finale, the first time in Drag Race history to have a "final four" instead of a final three.
Episode Six: The Grand Finale.
"Airdate: November 26, 2012"
For their final challenge, the final queens have to go to different locations within minutes of each other and perform different shows, consisting of a group interview, followed by an appearance at Hamburger Mary's to accept an award in their honor, and finish up with a comedy routine in front of a live audience. The queens were taught by Cheri Oteri on their comedic side. The queens (now competing as individuals), were then divided into pairs to attend the events. Chad and Raven were teamed to leave with season one's Ongina in her car, while Jujubee and Shannel were teamed to leave with season three's Delta Work in her car. On the interview, Jujubee did not interact as much, while Shannel overshadowed all the girls by talking too much. The final four also handled well at their Hamburger Mary's appearances. Raven, Chad, and Jujubee's comedy performances are highly liked by the crowd, while Shannel's performance fell flat. On the main stage, the queens receive their final critiques. Raven is praised for her look, as well as her performance in the comedy routine. Santino critiqued her on her makeup at her Hamburger Mary's appearance, which looked a little shiny. She also received notes on her use of cursing at the interview. Jujubee's look was critiqued for not bringing enough to the finale. She is also critiqued on her interview, in which she let the other queens outshine her. Shannel's finale look is praised for reminding the judges she is a showgirl, but she is criticized on both her comedy performance which was found offensive, and over-talking during the interview. Chad's entire performance as well as her final runway look are praised. During the deliberations, the judges agree Jujubee is holding back, which could show she is not ready to take on the large title. Michelle talks highly about her like of Shannel due to the fact she is a showgirl. Raven is spoken highly of due to her star potential, which was a reminder of why she was the runner-up of season 2. The judges agree Chad came to All-Stars with a new energy since season 4, and it showed in all of the challenges, as well as her background history with drag. After deliberating for the last time this season, Ru eliminates Jujubee and Shannel, leaving Chad and Raven to lip-sync for the final time. Both did well, but it was Chad Michaels who was crowned as the winner of RuPaul's All-Star Drag Race and the first inductee into Drag Race Hall of Fame. Chad Michaels also became the only of the twelve contestants to place higher in All-Stars than in her season (assuming Shannel finished in 4th rather than 3rd based on the final critiques).

</doc>
<doc id="36652714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652714" title="1940 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1940 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1940 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 6 teams. The national champions were Unión.

</doc>
<doc id="36652750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652750" title="Fazliddin Gaibnazarov">
Fazliddin Gaibnazarov

At the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships he beat three opponents like Wellington Arias, then lost to eventual winner Vasyl Lomachenko but qualified for the Olympics.
At the 2012 Olympics, he defeated two opponents then lost 13-16 to Han Soon-Chul.
2012 Olympics.
In the round of 32, Gaibnazarov defeated Yhyacinthe Mewoli Abdon 11-6. He then beat Jose Ramírez 15-11 in the round of 16. He lost in the quarterfinals to Han Soon-Chul 13-16.

</doc>
<doc id="36652762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652762" title="List of NYU Courant Institute people">
List of NYU Courant Institute people

Notable Courant faculty.
This is a small selection of Courant's famous faculty over the years and a few of their distinctions:
Notable Courant alumni.
This is a small selection of Courant's alumni:

</doc>
<doc id="36652802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652802" title="Alla Nani">
Alla Nani

Alla Kali Krishna Srinivas or Alla Nani is an Indian legistor in Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly. He is an MLA from Eluru constituency. He is the one of ruling party mla supports to ysrcp. This effects on development of constituency. In 2004 he works very efficiently then people selects him as mla again but there is no use

</doc>
<doc id="36652849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652849" title="The Hope Chest">
The Hope Chest

The Hope Chest is an American silent film released in 1918, starring Dorothy Gish. The film was directed by Elmer Clifton and based on a serialized story (and later novel) by Mark Lee Luther, originally published in "Woman's Home Companion". Its survival status is classified as unknown, which suggests that it is a lost film.
Plot summary.
Sheila Moore (Gish) takes a job at a candy store to support her father, an out-of-work vaudevillian. She attracts the romantic attentions of the store owner's son Tom (Barthalmess) and marries him, incurring the wrath of Tom's parents.

</doc>
<doc id="36652885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652885" title="Paul D. Bergen">
Paul D. Bergen

Paul David Bergen (, July 19, 1860, Bellefontaine, Ohio, USA - August 8, 1915 Unionville, Connecticut, USA) was an American Presbyterian missionary to China in the late 19th and early 20th century. 
Paul D. Bergen was the son of Rev. George Providence and Mary (Bentley) Bergen. He studied in Birmingham, Park College (Missouri), Parsons College (Iowa, 1876–79), Lake Forest College (Illinois, graduated 1880), Princeton Theological Seminary (New Jersey, 1880-1882), and McCormick Theological Seminary (Illinois, graduated 1883). He was licensed and ordained as an evangelist by the Presbytery of Iowa in the spring of 1882 and on August 18, 1883, respectively. From 1883 until 1891, he was stationed as a missionary in Jinan, Shandong, China. He returned to the USA for the period from 1891 to 1894, first to Chicago (1891-1892) and then at Johns Hopkins University as a student (1893). In 1883 and 1884, he supplied the church at South Waukegan, Illinois. He returned to Shandong in 1894, staying in Chefoo (Yantai) from 1894 to 1898, in Qingdao from 1898 to 1901, and in Tengchow (Dengzhou, part of Penglai) from 1901 to 1902. From 1904 until 1913, he was president of the forerunners of Cheeloo University. After this, he returned to the USA where he lived on a farm near Unionville, Connecticut. He died of pernicious anemia in 1915 and was buried in the Greenwood Cemetery near Unionville. 

</doc>
<doc id="36652887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652887" title="Theatre History of Operations Reports">
Theatre History of Operations Reports

Theatre History of Operations Reports or THOR is a United States Air Force historical ordnance database endeavoring to catalog every bomb dropped by the United States Armed Forces since World War I.
The officer overall responsible for the project is Lieutenant Colonel Jenns Robertson.
Apart from the project's historical value, the database is being used by the U.S. and other countries for practical purposes such as helping to locate possible unexploded ordnance in places like Germany, Vietnam and Iraq although data dating from 1991 onward is still classified for security purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="36652891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652891" title="Pickin' Up Pieces">
Pickin' Up Pieces

Pickin' Up Pieces is the lead single from Brenda K. Starr's debut album, "I Want Your Love" released in 1985 on Mirage Records. Produced by Arthur Baker and co-written with Lotti Golden. "Pickin' Up Pieces" is a Freestyle (music) classic. The record peaked at #9 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play Charts and the Maxi Single's Chart helping Brenda K. Starr become the queen of Freestyle. "Pickin' Up Pieces" also cracked the R&B Hip Hop Billboard Charts. Freestyle, a dance genre, emerged in New York City, sharing musical and cultural elements with electro and hip hop.

</doc>
<doc id="36652894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652894" title="Île-Verte Lighthouse">
Île-Verte Lighthouse

Île-Verte Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Île Verte in Notre-Dame-des-Sept-Douleurs, Quebec, Canada. Completed in 1809, it is the oldest lighthouse on the Saint Lawrence River and the third oldest in Canada. The Lighttower, which is in height.
History.
Constructed between 1806 and 1809 on behalf of Trinity House in Quebec City, the lighthouse was responsible for the improvement and surveillance of the lower Saint Lawrence River. It was among the first lighthouses built in Canada, and was the first built on the banks of the Saint Lawrence. The Île-Verte Lighthouse illustrates the expansion of trade and navigation in the early nineteenth century and was an important milestone in the development of a network of safe waterways in Canada.
The last lighthouse keeper left in 1972.
Legacy.
The Île-Verte Lighthouse served as a prototype for the construction of other lighthouses along the St. Lawrence, by its masonry construction, its cylindrical shape, small size and its overall simplicity. The longevity of the building and its continued use attest to the success of this design, which proved highly functional, as well as to the quality of materials and construction.
Heritage.
The Île-Verte lighthouse reinforces the austerity of its location on the coast. The building is an important landmark in the region and is now a tourist attraction and a source of pride in the region.
Federal Building, it was classified a historic monument of the National Historic Sites of Canada in 1974 because of its historical importance, its relevance in terms of architecture and the special place it occupies in its environment.

</doc>
<doc id="36652897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652897" title="U Pein Bridge">
U Pein Bridge

U Pein Bridge is the world's longest teak bridge, situated over the Taung Tha Man Lake in Amarapura Township, Mandalay Division, Myanmar. It links Amarapura Township, the old Capital of Myanmar, to Yatanarpon University. The construction of the bridge started in 1849 and it took 2 years to finish.
Location and environment.
U Pein Bridge is situation over Taung Tha Man Lake, Amarapura Township. It is just over 7 miles from Mandalay City, Myanmar. The bridge connects the east and west banks of the lake. There are pagodas at each end: Kyauk Daw Gyi Image to the east and Taung Min Gyi Image to the west. At both ends of the bridge, there are also shops, art galleries and food outlets.
Construction.
The construction was started in 1849 and finished in 1851. Myanmar construction engineers used traditional methods of scaling and measuring to build the bridge. According to historic books about U Pein Bridge, Myanmar engineers made scale by counting the footsteps.
Design and Structure.
The bridge was built in curve shape in the middle to resist the assault of wind and water. The main teak posts were hammered into lake bed seven feet deep. The other ends of the posts were shaped conically to make sure that rain water fall down easily. The joints were intertwined.
Originally, there were 984 teak posts supporting the bridge and two approach brick bridges. Later the two approach brick bridges were replaced by wooden approach bridge. There are four wooden pavilions at the same interval along the bridge. By adding posts of two approach bridges and four pavilions, the number of posts amounts to 1089. 
There are nine passage ways in the bridge, where the floors can be lifted to let pass the big boats and barges. There are altogether 482 spans and the total length of the bridge measures 3967 feet of ¾ of a mile.

</doc>
<doc id="36652917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652917" title="Hermann Gossler">
Hermann Gossler

Hermann Gossler (born 21 August 1802 in Hamburg, died 10 May 1877 in Hamburg) was a Hamburg lawyer, senator (1842–77) and First Mayor and President of the Senate of the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg (i.e. the city republic's head of state and head of government) in 1874. He was Second Mayor in 1870, 1871 and 1873. During much of his tenure as senator and his first term as Second Mayor, Hamburg was a fully sovereign country, while after 1871, the First Mayor was equal to the federal princes ("Bundesfürsten") of the German Empire. As a senator, he also served as Lord of Police (Polizeiherr), the equivalent of a Minister of Police.
He belonged to the Berenberg-Gossler-Seyler banking dynasty and was the son of banker and senator Johann Heinrich Gossler (1775–1842), owner of Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co, and the grandson of Johann Hinrich Gossler. His brothers "Johann Heinrich Gossler" (1805-1879) and Wilhelm Gossler continued the firm. His nephew Johann von Berenberg-Gossler was conferred Baronial rank in 1910.
Hermann Gossler studied law at the University of Heidelberg, and worked as a lawyer in Hamburg from 1826 to 1837. He became Senate Secretary (roughly comparable to Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State) in 1837. From 1838 to 1842, he was "Secretarius" of the High Court. In 1842 he was elected Senator.
He was the father of "Emilie (Emmy) Helene Gossler" (1838–1910), married to banker Georg Heinrich Kaemmerer.

</doc>
<doc id="36652920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652920" title="AKB1/149 Ren'ai Sōsenkyo">
AKB1/149 Ren'ai Sōsenkyo

Reception.
The PlayStation 3 version of the game sold 27,052 copies within the first week of release, taking second place behind "Monster Hunter 4" in the Media Create sales charts, which also debuted the same week.

</doc>
<doc id="36652961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652961" title="Cruz de Guerra">
Cruz de Guerra

The War Cross () is a high military award of Spain to recognise battlefield bravery. This decoration aims to prize those who have realized actions or facts of great efficiency, or they have given excellent services, both with valour during a continued period, inside one armed conflicts or of military operations involving or could involve resort to force, and carrying military abilities or remarkable command skills.
The medal was established in 1938 (BOE. Núm. 526) and has four different types:
The Spanish War Cross is modified by the Royal Decree 1 Royal Decree 1040/2003, 1 August (Spanish Official Gazette No. 177) that reduced the categories to one, "Cruz" (Cross) establishing an insignia with a new design.

</doc>
<doc id="36652983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652983" title="Pogorelec">
Pogorelec

Pogorelec (; ) is a former settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Podstenice.
History.
Pogorelec was a Gottschee German village. In 1931 the village had five houses and a population of 24. The original inhabitants were expelled in the fall of 1941. Italian troops burned the village in the summer of 1942 during the Rog Offensive. After the war a lodge with a large hay loft belonging to the Podturn Forestry Works was built here, used for part of the year by forestry workers.

</doc>
<doc id="36653000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653000" title="Kurnangki community">
Kurnangki community

Kurnangki is a medium sized Aboriginal community, located within the town of Fitzroy Crossing in the Kimberley Region of Western Australia, within the Shire of Derby-West Kimberley.
History.
The Kurnangki "village" was designed and constructed by the community with the assistance of the State Housing Commission of Western Australia. The community was opened on the 28th of June 1985.
Governance.
The community is managed through its incorporated body, Kurnangki Aboriginal Corporation, incorporated under the "Aboriginal Councils and Associations Act 1976" on 27 August 1979.
Town planning.
Kurnangki Layout Plan No.1 has been prepared in accordance with State Planning Policy 3.2 Aboriginal Settlements. Layout Plan No.1 was endorsed by the community on 24 February 2004 and the WAPC on 8 April 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36653026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653026" title="Prežulje">
Prežulje

Prežulje (; also "Preža", "Preže", or "Prežulja"; or "Presuln") is a remote abandoned former settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Gornja Briga.
History.
Prežulje was a village inhabited by Gottschee Germans. It was founded in the 16th century and had a farm divided into two half-farms according to the land registry of 1574. Before the Second World War one Slovene family also lived in the village. The village was burned during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="36653029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653029" title="John von Berenberg-Gossler">
John von Berenberg-Gossler

John von Berenberg-Gossler (born 22 October 1866 in Hamburg, died 14 July 1943) was a Hamburg banker, politician and grand burgher. He was elected Senator in Hamburg in 1908 and served as German Ambassador to Italy 1920–21. He was a member of the Berenberg-Gossler banking dynasty and the son of Baron Johann von Berenberg-Gossler (1839–1913), owner of Berenberg Bank, who was ennobled in Prussia in 1888 and conferred Baronial rank in 1910. His father had destined him to succeed him as head of the bank, and his election as Senator took place against the will of his father. He was forced to sell his share of the bank, and his brother Cornelius Freiherr von Berenberg-Gossler succeeded their father as head of the bank. He was head of the bank "Hamburger Bank von 1923" from 1923 to 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="36653259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653259" title="Vozdvizhenka (air base)">
Vozdvizhenka (air base)

Vozdvizhenka is an air base in Primorsky Krai located close to the village of Vozdvizhenka. At the airbase was deployed the 444th Berlin Order of Kutuzov 3rd degree and Alexander Nevsky Heavy Bomber Aviation Regiment, part of the 326th Heavy Bomber Aviation Division, 37th Air Army. In service with the regiment consisted of supersonic long-range Tu-22M3 bombers. 
The 444th Regiment was disbanded in 2009, with some aircraft transferred to the Belaya air base, and others dismantled (removed engines, equipment, and with holes cut in the fuselage). The aircraft carcasses are awaiting final metal cutting. Currently based at the airfield is the aviation commandant of Khurba airbase and the 322 Aircraft Repair Factory (322 ARZ).
History.
Stationed at the airbase were:
Piotr Butowski writes that the 444th Heavy Bomber Aviation Regiment was stationed in North Korea (Holm says Khanko-2 (Hamsung), North Korea, 9.1945 - 7.1948) until its return to Pozdeevka, Amur Oblast, where it was stationed from July 1948 - 1953. In 1953 the 444th Regiment moved to Vozdvizhenka. It operated Tupolev Tu-4s from September 1951 to 1957 (exact dates Holm), and from that time until 1991-92 Tupolev Tu-16 variants. The Tu-16K was in service from 1975.
As of 1991 444th TBAP was part of the 55th Heavy Bomber Air Division, 30th Air Army, with Tu-16K aircraft in service.
Butowski and Holm's sources disagree on what happened to the regiment in 1991-92. Butowski writes that it was disbanded, while Holm says that it was reequipped with Tu-22Ms. Butowski and a range of other sources, including AFM 2007, say the regiment came into existence again, possibly by 1997 by renaming the 132nd Heavy Bomber Aviation Regiment. Holm says instead that on 29 January 1997, the 132nd Heavy Bomber Aviation Regiment instead absorbed the 444th Regiment. However, most available sources (AFM and others, including Kommersant-Vlast, 2005) have listed the 444th Regiment in existence until c.2009. The regiment reportedly became known as "444th Berlin Order of Kutuzov 3rd degree and Alexander Nevsky Bomber Aviation Regiment».
In 2009 as part of the extensive reorganisation of the Air Force the 444th Regiment was disbanded, and dismantlement of some aircraft began. Others were reportedly transferred to an air base at Belaya. As of 2012, there are no longer any strategic bombers in Primorskiy Krai; the nearest Long Range Aviation base seems now to be the 6952nd Air Base at Ukrainka, in Amur Oblast.

</doc>
<doc id="36653271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653271" title="Jeremy Bujakowski">
Jeremy Bujakowski

Jeremy John Bujakowski (March 30, 1939 - June 1, 2010) was India's alpine skier of Polish descent, and two-time representative of India at the Winter Olympics. He was born in Druskieniki to Polish travellers Halina Korolec-Bujakowski and Stanisław Bujakowski, who in the years 1934 to 1936 travelled by motorcycle from Druskieniki to Shanghai. His father had served as a Warrant Officer of the No.101 Repair and Servicing Unit in the Polish Air Force in the UK during World War II. 
He came to India at the age of seven with his parents, where he studied at the St Joseph's North Point, Darjeeling, and graduated from the St Xavier's College, Kolkata, before leaving for the United States for higher studies.
Jeremy Bujakowski was India's first and sole athlete at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, Austria. He competed in the Men's downhill event in Alpine Skiing, which he could not finish due to an injury. He returned in 1968 to represent India at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble, France, in Alpine Skiing, competing again in the downhill, slalom, and giant slalom events.

</doc>
<doc id="36653284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653284" title="Night Song (Kenny Burrell album)">
Night Song (Kenny Burrell album)

Night Song is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1968 and 1969 and released on the Verve Records label. 

</doc>
<doc id="36653297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653297" title="Rethwisch">
Rethwisch

Rethwisch may refer to:
Places in Germany:
Rethwisch or Rehtwisch is the surname of the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="36653299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653299" title="AS Mirebalais">
AS Mirebalais

Association Sportive Mirebalais is an association football team which plays in Haiti. 2,000 capacity Parc Nelson Petit-Frère is their home.

</doc>
<doc id="36653335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653335" title="Aerowisata">
Aerowisata

Aerowisata is an Indonesian hospitality company based in Jakarta. It has four main businesses, consisting of Aerowisata Food Services, Aerowisata Hotels & Resorts Services, Aerowisata Travel & Leisure Services, and Aerowisata Transportation Services. It is a subsidiary of Garuda Indonesia Group.
History.
On February 7, 1974, Garuda Indonesia handed the management of PT Satriavi Tours and travel to Aerowisata. The next company that later changed its name to PT Biro Perjalanan Satriavi became first subsidiary Aerowisata.
On July 29, 1974, Aerowisata began operating the Hotel Sanur Beach in Bali as the first hotel of Aerowisata.
December 23, 1974, Aerowisata start catering business in Garuda Indonesia flight to serve under the flag of PT Garuda Dairy Farm Aero Catering Service. Since 1991, the company located at the terminal end of the Soekarno-Hatta International Airport was renamed Aerowisata Catering Service (ACS).
After forming Garuda Orient Holidays (GOH) in Australia in 1981 and PT Aero Service Perkasa in 1987, founded the PT Mandira Erajasa Aerowisata spacecraft in July 1988. Marked the establishment of business expansion into the realm of transportation Aerowisata.
Until the end of December 2009, Aerowisata has eleven subsidiaries and eight affiliated companies.
Hotels & Resorts.
Aerowisata have 17 hotel & resort,in 10 provinces in Indonesia. After renovations the hotels and resorts will be named as:
Sumatra
Padang
Pekanbaru
Java
Bandung
Jakarta
Magelang
Surabaya
Bali
Bali
Lombok
Lombok
Papua
Biak
Sulawesi
Makassar

</doc>
<doc id="36653340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653340" title="Medalla del Ejército">
Medalla del Ejército

The Army Medal () is the maximum military award of Spain in peacetime for the army branch.
The regulation for the issue of this medal is modified by the Royal Decree 1040/2003, 1 August (BOD. Núm. 177).
Appearance.
Is made of oxidized iron, oval, on its vertical axis and on its horizontal axis. On the obverse, surrounded by a silver edge, is a rising sun behind the sea and a matron stands, representing Spain, offering, with the right hand, a laurel wreath and holding a sword with the left. At the top of the oval are the words: "Al mérito distinguido". On the reverse is the emblem of the Army. The ribbon is wide and divided in three parts: the central with the national colours (red and yellow) and at the sides dark green. Each medal has a clasp attached to the ribbon with the legend of the action done in black.

</doc>
<doc id="36653350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653350" title="Medalla Naval">
Medalla Naval

The Navy Medal () is the highest military award of Spain in peacetime for the navy branch.
The regulation for the issue of this medal is modified by the Royal Decree 1040/2003, 1st of August (BOD. Núm. 177).
Appearance.
Is made of oxidized iron, oval, on its vertical axis and on its horizontal axis. On the obverse, surrounded by a silver edge, is a rising sun behind the sea and a matron stands, representing Spain, offering, with the right hand, a laurel wreath and holding a sword with the left. At the top of the oval are the words: "Al mérito distinguido". At the reverse its the emblem of the Navy. The ribbon is wide and divided in three parts: the central with the national colours (red and yellow) and at the sides dark blue. Each medal has a clasp attached to the ribbon with the legend of the action done in black.

</doc>
<doc id="36653354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653354" title="Medalla Aérea">
Medalla Aérea

The Air Force Medal () is the maximum military award of Spain in peacetime for the air force branch.
The regulation for the issue of this medal is modified by the Royal Decree 1040/2003, 1 August (BOD. Núm. 177).
Appearance.
Is made of oxidized iron, oval, on its vertical axis and on its horizontal axis. On the obverse, surrounded by a silver edge, is a rising sun behind the sea and a matron stands, representing Spain, offering, with the right hand, a laurel wreath and holding a sword with the left. At the top of the oval are the words: "Al mérito distinguido". On the reverse is the emblem of the Air Force. The ribbon is wide and divided in three parts: the central with the national colours (red and yellow) and at the sides blue. Each medal has a clasp attached to the ribbon with the legend of the action done in black.

</doc>
<doc id="36653367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653367" title="Come All Ye Faithless">
Come All Ye Faithless

Come All Ye Faithless is the third and final album by post-punk band Death of Samantha, released in 1989 on Homestead Records.
Release and reception.
Allmusic critic Fred Beldin felt it was an excellent record, writing: "Vocalist John Petkovic has an idiosyncratic snarl that might take getting used to, but once overcome the literary bent of the lyrics emerges and his sneer becomes part of the poetry. Doug Gillard pours out fluid lead guitar melodies that can break into atonal skronk at will without jarring the listener, and the rhythm section of Dave Swanson and Steve-O is tight but loose enough to swing in and out of the beat." He gave it four and a half out of five stars, concluding that "Cobra Verde and Guided By Voices fans owe it to themselves to track down the records of this seminal band." Glenn Kenny of "Trouser Press" said that while "Come All Ye Faithless" is noticeably darker and lacks the exuberance of its predecessor, it "presents a terrific set of songs with which to crawl into a dark corner"

</doc>
<doc id="36653377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653377" title="The Task-based Asynchronous Pattern">
The Task-based Asynchronous Pattern

The Task-based Asynchronous Pattern (TAP) is programming pattern developed for .NET Framework for WinRT (Metro style apps) which provides patter to create asynchronous program flow.

</doc>
<doc id="36653385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653385" title="Baron Bourke of Brittas">
Baron Bourke of Brittas

Lord Bourke, Baron of Brittas, in the County of Limerick, was a title in the Peerage of Ireland. It was created on 17 February 1618 for Theobald Bourke. He was the son of Theobald Bourke, son of William Bourke, 1st Baron Bourke of Castleconnell (see Baron Bourke of Castleconnell). He was the younger brother of John Bourke, 2nd Baron Bourke of Castleconnell, and Richard Bourke, 3rd Baron Bourke of Castleconnell. The third Baron was attainted in 1691 and the title forfeited.

</doc>
<doc id="36653387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653387" title="Berenberg family">
Berenberg family

The Berenberg family, and later its descendants in the Gossler and Seyler families, is a Hanseatic dynasty of merchants, bankers and senators based in Hamburg and with branches in Livorno and other European cities, and one of the world's oldest existing banking dynasties with a history spanning over 400 years. The family is descended from Flemish brothers Hans and Paul Berenberg ("Bear Mountain") from Antwerp (in modern Belgium), who fled persecution of Protestants in the Low Countries in 1585 and established the merchant house now known as Berenberg Bank in Hamburg in 1590. Berenberg Bank is Germany's oldest bank, the world's second oldest bank and also the world's oldest family owned bank. The Berenbergs were originally cloth merchants and have been merchant bankers and investment bankers since the 17th century. The family has had a close relationship to the Dutch-origined Amsinck merchant family over centuries and is also descended from the Welser banking family.
As Johann Berenberg died without male heirs, the bank was passed on to his daughter Elisabeth Berenberg (1749–1822) and her family. Elisabeth's husband Johann Hinrich Gossler was made co-owner and heir by his father in law in 1769, and Gossler made his own son in law Ludwig Erdwin Seyler a partner in 1788. From 1790, Elisabeth was a partner in her own right, before passing control to Seyler and her son Johann Heinrich Gossler alone in 1800. The latter's grandson Johann Gossler was granted the name "Berenberg-Gossler" by the Senate of Hamburg in 1880, subsequently ennobled by Prussia in 1888 and granted the title Baron in 1910. The bank is still owned by his descendants, the "von Berenberg-Gossler" family.
The Berenberg family and later the Gossler (Berenberg-Gossler) and Seyler families belonged to the ruling class of the city republic, known as Grand Burghers or Hanseaten, enjoying hereditary legal privileges (abolished 1918), and the Berenbergs were represented in the senate from 1735. From 1821, several Gosslers were also senators, and Hermann Gossler reached the highest position in Hamburg society as First Mayor and President of the Senate (i.e. head of state and head of government of the city republic and equal to the federal princes). Richard J. Evans describes the family as one of Hamburg's "great business families." The Gossler Islands in Antarctica are named for the family.
History.
The Berenbergs in Berg and Brabant.
The Berenberg family originates from the Bergisches Land region in the Duchy of Berg. Its earliest known ancestor, Thillmann Berenberg, was born on the Groß-Berenberg estate in 1465, and was a cloth merchant.
The growing linen industry of Brabant led Thillmann's son, Jan Berenberg (born 1490 in Gummersbach, died 1549 in Lier, Belgium), to take his family to Lier in Antwerp, where he became a burgher in 1515. He was married to Engele Segers, and they were the parents of Paul Berenberg (born ca. 1533 in Lier, died 1623 in Antwerp), who was a cloth merchant in Antwerp and who married Anna Kriekart from Everbroek. Paul Berenberg was the father of Hans (1561–1626) and Paul Berenberg (1566–1645). The two brothers married sisters Anna (1557–1635) and Francina Snellinck (1559–1642), daughters of the Antwerp merchant Andries Snellinck (1531–1606) and Françoise (Francina) de Rénialme (1539–1610).
The Berenbergs were one of 130 Dutch families that had become Lutheran during the Reformation. During the Eighty Years' War, the family fled Lier and settled in the nearby city of Antwerp (Stade). The family left Antwerp in 1585 as a result of the Fall of Antwerp, when the city was conquered by Alexander Farnese, Duke of Parma. The strongly fortified city, Europe's leading commercial centre at the time, was defended with resolute determination and courage by its citizens, but ultimately fell, and around 60% of the city's pre-siege population fled the city, fearing Spanish massacres or forced conversion to Catholicism.
Grand burghers of Hamburg.
Many Dutch refugees settled in Hamburg, among them the brothers Hans and Paul Berenberg. In 1590, they founded the merchant house now known as Berenberg Bank. They were originally cloth merchants and active in the import-export business. In Hamburg, the Berenbergs initially formed part of a Dutch colony and intermarried with the city's leading Hanseatic families, several of which were also of Dutch descent (e.g. Amsinck). While a number of Dutch refugees became Hamburg citizens, Hans and Paul Berenberg were not prepared to take that step. In 1605, the Hamburg council issued a decree that gave the Dutch merchants the same rights as the burghers of Hamburg.
Hans Berenberg's son was also named Hans Berenberg (1593–1640), and was married to Adelheid Ruhlant (1611–1684), daughter of the advocate Rütger Ruhlant (1568–1630) who was ennobled by the Holy Roman Emperor in 1622, and Catarina de Greve (1582–1655). Their son, Cornelius Berenberg (1634–1711), was the first to engage in merchant banking and developed the company into a very successful merchant house and merchant bank. He forged trade links with France, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Scandinavia and Russia. Family connections of the Berenbergs were instrumental to the development, especially in Livorno and Lisbon with its colonies of wealthy Dutch merchants. Cornelius Berenberg was also the first Berenberg to take the oath as a Hamburg burgher in 1684; the family thus became part of Hamburg's ruling class of Grand Burghers.
Cornelius Berenberg's son, Rudolf Berenberg (1680–1746), was elected a Senator in 1735. By the mid 18th century, investment banking and acceptance credits comprised a significant part of the firm's activities. Rudolf Berenberg was married to Anna Elisabeth Amsinck (1690–1748), the daughter of Paul Amsinck (1649–1706), a merchant of Hamburg and Lisbon, who was descended from the Welser family. They were the parents of Rudolf Berenberg (1712–61), a merchant in Hamburg, Cornelius Berenberg (1714–73), a merchant in Livorno, Senator Paul Berenberg (1716–1768) and of Johann Berenberg (1718–1772), a co-owner and later sole owner of the Berenberg company.
The Gossler and Seyler families.
The Berenberg family were merchants, bankers and senators in Hamburg for almost two centuries until the banking branch of the Berenberg family became extinct in the male line. However, Berenberg Bank was passed on to the descendants of Johann Berenberg (1718–1772) in the female line. After Senator Paul Berenberg died childless in 1768, his brother Johann Berenberg took on his son-in-law Johann Hinrich Gossler (1738–90) as a partner and eventually sole heir, as he was married to Johann Berenberg's only surviving child, Elisabeth Berenberg (1749–1822). The historian Percy Ernst Schramm describes their marriage as a marriage of convenience; she was not considered beautiful, but was intelligent, cultivated, kind, spoke many languages (including Latin) and became an exemplary wife and mother. She survived her husband by 32 years and after his death managed the firm together with her son-in-law.
In 1788, Johann Hinrich Gossler bought the Mortzenhaus palace in Alter Wandrahm 101 (later 21). Built in 1621 with a renaissance facade, it was one of the largest and most well known palaces in Hamburg. The building was owned by the Gossler family until the 1880s, when it was demolished to make room for the "Speicherstadt".
Johann Hinrich Gossler and Elisabeth Berenberg's eldest daughter, Anna Henriette Gossler, was married to Ludwig Erdwin Seyler, a son of the Swiss-born merchant turned theatre director Abel Seyler—the leading patron of German theatre in the late 18th century—and stepson of actress Friederike Sophie Seyler, the author of "Hüon und Amande" (that inspired "The Magic Flute"). Seyler was descended on his father's side from families of the Basel patriciate, notably Burckhardt, Merian and Faesch, while his mother's family were noted as court pharmacists and owners of the renowned Andreae & Co. pharmacy in Hanover. In 1788, Johann Hinrich Gossler took on his son-in-law as a partner in the firm, and after Gossler's death in 1790, Seyler became head of the firm (which he renamed "Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co." in 1791) and also served as President of the Commerz-Deputation 1817–1818. During the Napoleonic War, Seyler temporarily moved the headquarters of the Berenberg company to the house of his son-in-law, Gerhard von Hosstrup.
Anna Henriette Gossler's younger brother Johann Heinrich Gossler became a partner in 1798, and was elected a senator of Hamburg in 1821. Several other family members also served as senators, with Hermann Gossler becoming First Mayor (a position equal to the federal princes, "Bundesfürsten"). In 1880, Johann Berenberg Gossler (who had Berenberg as a middle name) and his descendants were granted the name Berenberg-Gossler by the Hamburg Senate. The Berenberg-Gosslers were ennobled in the Kingdom of Prussia (which was technically a foreign country) in 1888 and raised to Baronial rank in 1910. The Prussian ennoblement was somewhat controversial in the family and in Hamburg, as the grand burghers of Hamburg mostly considered the nobility inferior to Hanseatic families. According to Richard J. Evans, "the wealthy of nineteenth-century Hamburg were for the most part stern republicans, abhorring titles, refusing to accord any deference to the Prussian nobility, and determinedly loyal to their urban background and mercantile heritage." As Johann Berenberg-Gossler was ennobled, his sister Susanne, married Amsinck, exclaimed "Aber John, unser guter Name!"
In the 19th century, the Berenberg-Gosslers were strongly involved in the industrialisation process in northern Germany and in the North American trade and its finance. In 1847, the Berenberg-Gosslers were the main founders of the Hamburg America Line (HAPAG) together with the merchant house H.J. Merck & Co., and in 1857 they were among the main founders of the Norddeutscher Lloyd. They also financed the ironworks of Ilseder Hütte. The houses of Berenberg-Gossler, H.J. Merck and Salomon Heine were also the main founders of the Norddeutsche Bank in 1856, the first joint-stock bank in northern Germany and one of the predecessors of Deutsche Bank.
During the Nazi era, the Berenberg-Gossler family—themselves descended from religious refugees—especially Baron Cornelius von Berenberg-Gossler, were strongly involved in helping Jewish-origined friends and associates in Hamburg who faced persecution, securing the release of Fritz Warburg in 1939.
Joachim von Berenberg-Consbruch was the last family member to serve as a personally liable partner (until 2005). While the family still owns 25% of Berenberg Bank, no family members are currently actively involved in the management of the bank. The last family member to work for the bank was Countess Jennifer von Bernstorff, a great-granddaughter of Cornelius von Berenberg-Gossler and a co-owner of the bank.
In Hamburg, the Gossler Park in Blankenese is named after the family.
In 18th and 19th century Hamburg, a marriage to a Berenberg/Gossler or the closely related Amsinck family could greatly advance one's social position, as was the case with Hamburg head of state Max Predöhl.
Coat of arms.
The Berenbergs used as their coat of arms a bear ("im goldenen Felde auf einem grünen Schildfuß ein nach rechts aufgerichteter schwarzer Bär mit goldenem Halsband, in den Vorderpranken einen grünen Zweig haltend"). The coat of arms is known since the 17th century and was most likely adopted no later than the 16th century in Lier, Belgium. As of 1699, the Berenberg coat of arms was still visible in the church windows in Lier.
In 1773, Johann Hinrich Gossler adopted as his coat of arms a geese foot. From 1832, the family used a more complicated coat of arms.
Upon being ennobled by Prussia in 1889, the family was granted a coat of arms combining the Berenberg and 1773 Gossler coats of arms. This coat of arms is also used as the logo of Berenberg Bank.
Lineage.
Berenberg Bank partners in bold.
Notable descendants of Johann Hinrich Gossler and Elisabeth Berenberg.
Johann Hinrich Gossler and Elisabeth Berenberg, founders of the Berenberg-Gossler family, have many notable descendants in Germany, Norway and other countries with names including Gossler, Seyler, von Berenberg-Gossler, von Hosstrup, Pinckernelle, Schramm, Burchard, Wegner, Amsinck, Paus, Kaemmerer and von Bernstorff.
Other Berenberg descendants.
Among other Berenberg descendants are members of virtually all old Hamburg Hanseatic families, as well as King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands (a descendant of Berenberg Bank co-founder Paul Berenberg (1566–1645) and Francina Snellinck (1559–1642)).
Literature.
Furthermore, the Staatsarchiv Hamburg contains extensive Berenberg/Gossler materials.

</doc>
<doc id="36653403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653403" title="Bilal Najjarin (rugby league)">
Bilal Najjarin (rugby league)

Bilal Najjarin is an Australian rugby league player who represented his country in the 2000 World Cup. He also played in a test match against France in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36653408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653408" title="Crosses of Naval Merit (Spain)">
Crosses of Naval Merit (Spain)

Crosses of Naval Merit () are a Spain's military award for gallantry or merit in war or peace. Awarded to members of the Spanish Naval Forces, Guardia Civil or civilians.
History and Attribution.
Established on 3 August 1864 by Queen Isabella IIas the Order of Naval Merit () and amended many times (in 1918, 1926, 1931, 1938, 1942, 1976, 1995, 2003 and 2007). During the Spanish Civil War it was recognized by both sides of the conflict. Awarded originally in four classes, nowadays it lost the rank of an order of merit and the classes were reduced to two and the number of categories extended to four.
According to the current regulations the decoration is conferred in the following classes:
The categories are as follows:
Multiple awards of each class and each category to the same individual are possible.
Insignia and Ribbons.
The decoration has the form of a Greek cross with the arms enameled red in the "Red Decoration" category and white in the remaining categories. The "Blue Decoration" and "Yellow Decoration" badges have additional narrow bars in blue or yellow across the lower and lateral arms. The upper arm is surmounted by a Spanish royal crown and has a tablet to engrave the date of bestowal. The round central shield of the obverse bears the coat of arms of Castile, León, Aragon, Navarre and Granada (until 2003 only alternate coats of arms of Castile and León); in the middle there is a blue oval shield (escutcheon) of the House of Bourbon-Anjou. On the reverse there are letters "MM" ("Mérito Militar") on red background. The cross is worn on a ribbon on the left side of chest. Each subsequent award is denoted by a bar with the date of bestowal on the ribbon.
The Grand Cross has the same form as the cross described above but is worn on a sash over the right shoulder.
The star added to the class of Grand Cross is gilt, eight-pointed, with the cross superimposed on it; currently between the arms of the cross there are alternate towers (Castile) and lions (León).

</doc>
<doc id="36653415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653415" title="2012 Tatarstan Open">
2012 Tatarstan Open

The 2012 Tatarstan Open was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the third edition of the tournament and was part of the 2012 ITF Women's Circuit. It took place in Kazan, Russia between 13 and 19 August 2012.
WTA entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
The following player received entry from a Special Ranking spot:

</doc>
<doc id="36653440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653440" title="Kurrawang community">
Kurrawang community

Kurrawang is a medium-sized Aboriginal community, located 12 km south-west of Kalgoorlie in the of Western Australia, within the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
Kurrawang is a strong community hosting a range of facilities including school, shop, adult learning centre and workshops.
History.
Kurrawang was established as a mission settlement in 1953 on a Crown Land Title reserve. During the 1960s Kurrawang setup dormitories for children. In the 1970s the dormitories were replaced with a detached housing accommodation system. In 1984 mission control was replaced by a community based executive committee.In March 1995 the Kurrawang Aboriginal Christian Community was issued with the title to land in freehold.
Town planning.
Kurrawang Layout Plan No.2 has been prepared in accordance with State Planning Policy 3.2 Aboriginal Settlements. Layout Plan No.2 was endorsed by the community on 7 February 2006 and the WAPC on 21 March 2006. The Layout Plan map-set and background report can be viewed at http://www.planning.wa.gov.au/communitylayoutplans/2490.asp

</doc>
<doc id="36653460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653460" title="2012 EmblemHealth Bronx Open – Singles">
2012 EmblemHealth Bronx Open – Singles

Andrea Hlaváčková was the defending champion, but to chose participate at the 2012 Rogers Cup instead.
Romina Oprandi won the title defeating Anna Chakvetadze in the final 5–7, 6–3, 6–3.

</doc>
<doc id="36653471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653471" title="List of compositions by Tomáš Svoboda">
List of compositions by Tomáš Svoboda

The following is a list of compositions by Tomáš Svoboda restricted to the works of his that have been published.

</doc>
<doc id="36653473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653473" title="Seli Hydroelectric Plant">
Seli Hydroelectric Plant

The Seli Hydroelectric Plant aims to provide 400 MW of hydro electric power in Lahaul & Spitidistrict, Himachal Pradesh, India. The project has been awarded to Moser Baer through the international competitive bidding process. The project component comprises a concrete gravity dam of about 80 metre height above river bed level with two headrace tunnels of approximately 4.2 km and an underground powerhouse complex on the right bank of river Chenab. Power would be generated by harnessing 114.92 m average gross head between intake and tail race location.
Project Objectives.
The Project shall provide:
CSR and R&R.
CSR activities are being taken regularly under the name EECHHO (Education, Environment, Community Development, Health & Hygiene and Other Activities).
In phased manner tree plantation activity taken up in association with Forest Department. Deodar and other broad leaved species have been planted in the first phase of the drive. SHEPCL is promoting & sponsoring local sports & cultural activities, medical camps etc. for the benefit of local population.
References.
http://www.selihydropower.com/
Website : http://www.selihydropower.com/

</doc>
<doc id="36653483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653483" title="2012 EmblemHealth Bronx Open – Doubles">
2012 EmblemHealth Bronx Open – Doubles

Megan Moulton-Levy and Ahsha Rolle were the defending champions, but both players chose not to participate.
Shuko Aoyama and Erika Sema won the title defeating Eri Hozumi and Miki Miyamura in the final 6–4, 7–6(7–4).

</doc>
<doc id="36653503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653503" title="Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Russian Federation">
Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Russian Federation

The Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Russian Federation is the highest body of the Communist Party of the Russian Federation. The members of the Central Committee are elected through secret ballot by the Congress of the party. The Central Committee determines the activities of the party. Since 1993 is Gennady Zyuganov chairman of the Central Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="36653513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653513" title="Lundja community">
Lundja community

Lundja is a small Aboriginal community, located within the town of Halls Creek in the Kimberley Region of Western Australia, within the Shire of Derby-West Kimberley.
History.
Jaru people, originally from Flora Valley Station, Ruby Plains and Old Halls Creek and who had previously camped around Number Two Reserve, moved to Red Hill in 1977. These people stated that this move was prompted by the need to move away from the heavy drinking and its associated problems at Number Two Reserve. A ban on the use of alcohol in the newly founded community was and is successfully maintained. 
The current residents of Lundja are the descendendants of the people who initially established the community. The community is a cohesive group who maintain their language and are active in maintaining their customary practices and beliefs.
Governance.
The community is managed through its incorporated body, Lundja Aboriginal Corporation, incorporated under the "Aboriginal Councils and Associations Act 1976" on 27 August 1979.
Town planning.
Lundja Layout Plan No.1 has been prepared in accordance with State Planning Policy 3.2 Aboriginal Settlements. The Layout Plan was endorsed by the community on 6 February 2003 and the WAPC on 15 April 2003. The Layout Plan map-set and background report can be viewed at http://www.planning.wa.gov.au/communitylayoutplans/2609.asp

</doc>
<doc id="36653533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653533" title="Prerigelj">
Prerigelj

Prerigelj (; or "Preriegel") is a remote abandoned former settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Knežja Lipa.
History.
Prerigelj was a village inhabited by Gottschee Germans. Before the Second World War it had 13 houses. In May 1942 the general command of the Partisan Kočevje Battalion met with district and regional functionaries here to prepare plans to take control of the Kočevje region. In June 1942 the settlement was burned by Italian troops. It was not rebuilt after the war.
Cultural heritage.
The village church was a chapel of ease dedicated to Saint Andrew. It contained a chalice that had been donated by Austrian Field Marshal Ernst Gideon von Laudon. The church was demolished after the war and its stones were crushed to make gravel for the roads.

</doc>
<doc id="36653554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653554" title="Jaroslav Kulhavý">
Jaroslav Kulhavý

Jaroslav Kulhavý (; born 8 January 1985 in Ústí nad Orlicí), is a Czech mountain biker. He won the gold medal in the cross-country event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
He is the overall winner of the UCI World Cup in 2011, along with taking 3rd place in 2010 and 2012.
At the beginning of 2013 he has won, partnering with Christoph Sauser, The Cape Epic race ("Tour de France of mountain biking").

</doc>
<doc id="36653560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653560" title="Saved from the Truth">
Saved from the Truth

Saved from the truth is the third studio album by Persian Power metal act Angband released on September 28, 2012 through Pure Steel Records. as was the case with their previous album the mixing and mastering was handled by well-known producer Achim Kohler (Primal Fear, Amon Amarth).
Reception.
The album received generally positive reviews from music critics. <br>
Lords of metal magazine believes that: "the prog-influences have gained much more room on this album...on 'Saved From The Truth’ the gentlemen show progress on all fronts. musically this is the band's strongest release to date." 

</doc>
<doc id="36653565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653565" title="Jacob's Hammer">
Jacob's Hammer

Jacob's Hammer is a British horror Film starring Helen Holman and George McCluskey. The film was directed and written by Angie Bojtler. This is Arkady Pictures first film. It has a limited theatrical release across the UK October 2012.
Plot.
Sadie dotes on six year old son Jacob. He is her only source of comfort and her only true friend. But, deep down Sadie has always known that there is something not quite right about 'her boy'. That is why she tries to keep him out of sight from the rest of the world. For years she has dealt with the strange noises in the night, nightmares and ghostly apparitions but when friends and family start to meet with brutal and tragic ends Sadie is left with no choice. It's time to accept the truth and confront the evil... Jacob's Hammer... When a mother's love is no defence...
External links.
http://horrorbug.com/movies/jacobs-hammer-2012/

</doc>
<doc id="36653573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653573" title="Harold Balme">
Harold Balme

Harold Balme (, May 28, 1878 in Hackney, Middlesex, England - February 13, 1953 in London) was a British medical missionary to China. He served as president of Cheeloo University from 1921 to 1927.
Balme studied medicine at King's College and King's College Hospital. He went to Taiyuan in Shanxi as a medical missionary in 1906. In 1913, he took a position as professor of surgery at Cheeloo University and superindent of the University's hospital. Later, he was appointed dean of the university's medical school and president of the University in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="36653574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653574" title="Murder of Segametsi Mogomotsi">
Murder of Segametsi Mogomotsi

Segametsi Mogomotsi was a 14-year-old schoolgirl who was found murdered, supposedly for ritualistic purposes, on 6 November 1994 in Mochudi, Botswana. She went missing sometime on 5 November, and her body was found naked and mutilated in an open space the next morning. The "dipheko" (medicine murder) sparked protests by the students at the Radikolo Community Junior Secondary School (RCJSS), the school where she attended, as well as among the citizens of Mochudi. The protests led to riots in neighbouring Gaborone, prompting the government of Botswana to call in the Scotland Yard. No one has been formally charged with the murder, and an official police report was conducted, but as of August 2012, the results have not yet been released. The murder inspired the story in Alexander McCall Smith novel "The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency".
Background.
"Dipheko" is the ritual murder of a person whose body parts are cut off to make "muti" (medicine) that is used to promote business deals. Dipheko is not uncommon in Botswana. The British dealt with ritual murder cases when the country was still a protectorate as early as the 1930s, and social scientist Cyprian Fisiy has called witchcraft "the primary concern of most African communities". Children, especially highly educated students, are the primary targets of dipheko because of their perceived potential for success. When social anthropologist Ørnulf Gulbrandsen interviewed several Batswana, one man said that, "we have no other way to explain how some people become rich overnight". Those who committed dipheko recount either being possessed to murder or being threatened by future attacks through "boloi" (witchcraft) and thus were coerced to kill.
Murder.
In November 1996, anthropologist Charlanne Burke interviewed a student who summarised the murder:
Investigation.
Segametsi's stepfather was arrested after confessing that he and other local businessmen killed the girl, but he retracted his statement, saying that the confession was really a second-hand account. While the named businessmen were arrested, they were released, sparking controversy in Mochudi. In 2008, Sekobye Mokgalo, one of the named businessmen, has asked for government compensation for the wrongful conviction. In 2009, he received 300,000 Botswana pula for damages from the government.
Protests.
In January 1995, students at Radikolo Community Junior Secondary School organized a march at the District Commissioner's office in Mochudi in response "perceived [...] government collusion in the practice of witchcraft". The march escalated into riots and protesters burned the house of the suspects. The violence continued in Gaborone starting on 16 February 1995. An "ad hoc" group, the Revolutionary War Council, pressed for justice "without state's intervention." The Special Services Group, the riot police of the Botswana Defence Force, used tear gas on protesters in the central business district while students at the University of Botswana stormed an ongoing meeting of the National Assembly of Botswana. President Quett Masire issued a statement in response to the protests:
Both rioters and police were injured: more than fifteen protesters were treated for rubber bullet wounds at the Deborah Relief Memorial Hospital, a small boy was killed and a bystander was paralyzed; both by police rubber bullets. A man was later executed by the police for the protests. The Botswana National Front Youth League criticized the government's response to the riots, saying that the military force was "not in keeping with democratic practice and may signal the emergence of a police/military state".

</doc>
<doc id="36653594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653594" title="Mallingbar community">
Mallingbar community

Mallingbar is a small aboriginal community, located within the town of Broome in the Kimberley Region of Western Australia.
History.
The Mallingbar Aboriginal Corporation was officially established in 1987 at the Roebuck Bay shoreline location known as Kennedy Hill. The hill is significant to indigenous people in the region and the presence of a large shell midden immediately adjacent to the community is testament to this significance.
Governance.
The community is managed through its incorporated body, Mallingbar Aboriginal Corporation, incorporated under the "Aboriginal Councils and Associations Act 1976" on 26 April 1983.
Town planning.
Mallingbar Layout Plan No.1 has been prepared in accordance with State Planning Policy 3.2 Aboriginal Settlements. The Layout Plan was endorsed by the community on 10 January 2005 and the WAPC on 17 January 2005. The Layout Plan and map-set can be viewed at http://www.planning.wa.gov.au/communitylayoutplans/2613.asp

</doc>
<doc id="36653608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653608" title="Archery at the 2011 Island Games – Men's recurve individual">
Archery at the 2011 Island Games – Men's recurve individual

The Men's recurve individual at the 2011 Island Games was held on June 28 at Newclose County Cricket Ground. 42 athletes from 14 countries participated in the event. Ian Brough won the gold medal with a score of 1179.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Games records were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36653649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653649" title="Pat Hannigan (rugby league)">
Pat Hannigan (rugby league)

Patrick "Pat" James Hannigan was a New Zealand rugby league footballer of the 1910s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#48), and Nelson, as a , i.e. number 9, during the era of contested scrums.
Rugby union career.
Hannigan played rugby union, for the Nelson-Marlborough combined side against the 1908 Anglo-Wesh touring side.
Rugby league career.
Hannigan won a cap for New Zealand during the 1910 Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand, playing in the 20-52 defeat by Great Britain at Domain Cricket Ground, Auckland on Saturday 30 July 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="36653660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653660" title="Asphalt Canyon Suite">
Asphalt Canyon Suite

Night Song is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1968 and 1969 and released on the Verve label. 
Track listing.
"All compositions by Kenny Burrell except as indicated

</doc>
<doc id="36653665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653665" title="Once Upon a Love">
Once Upon a Love

Once Upon a Love () is a Taiwanese idol romance drama television series written by Yang Yi Xun(楊意尋)、Jing ru (瀞嬬) and Hui Fen(慧芬) and is directed by Lin Qing Zhen (林清振). It stars actors Sunny Wang and Matt Wu and actresses Cheryl Yang and Reen Yu as the main leads. The show was aired on GTV on 8 July 2012.
Synopsis.
A decade ago when Li Jin Yang/John Lee (Sunny Wang) was still a high school student, because of what Tian Ru Mi (Cheryl Yang) said - who was then the crowned "Rose Princess", inspired him to become a fashion designer. Ten years later, Li Jin Yang finally became a fashion designer in the United States and after being awarded an prestigious award known as the "Best Women's Outfit Designer" award, both his career and love life was perfect. However, things did not turn out as good for Ru Mi who once won the "Rose Princess Pageant" is now a tour guide and also a single mother with an eleven-year-old son. After being forced to move out of her house in Taipei and the closure of the travel agency she was working for, Ru Mi lost both her source of income and house, not knowing when her next meal will be.
After receiving a phone call, Jin Yang was informed that his grandmother (Mei Fang) was sick and wanted to bring his girlfriend Rebecca (Katherine Wang) back to Taiwan with him to meet his family. However, Rebecca refused and in the end Li Jin Yang had no choice but to leave for Taiwan by himself. Under the encouragement of her friend and her future colleague, Gu Li (Ying Wei Min), Ru Mi returned to her hometown-Zhang Hua and started a small travel agency business with a small bus known as "Sweet Bus". After Ji Yang unknowingly helped Ru Mi to complete a new design template for the bus's exterior that was drawn by her son, Tian Yi Xiang, Ji Yang and Ru Mi meet again after ten years. 
When Jin Yang found out that his grandmother had pretended to be ill to trick him into returning to Taiwan, he was furious and wanted to return to the United States. However, Jin Yang was unable to go against his grandmother's words, he had no choice but to accept his grandmother's request to go on a blind date with a rich daughter of the local winery owner. However, Jin Yang is starting to fall in love with Ru Mi again and Ru Mi, who believes that she would one day find Yi Xiang's father again, gets disappointed again and again starts to open her heart to Jin Yang. Jin Yang then becomes Yi Xiang's godfather after knowing that Yi Xiang longs to have a father because he never met his own father before. However, when Yi Xiang's father, Xu Ye, appears at the same time, who will Ru Mi choose, Xu Ye or Jin Yang?
Reception.
The second idol drama to broadcast in Singapore first before the premiere in Taiwan after "Absolute Darling". It also does not include bloopers and behind the scenes.

</doc>
<doc id="36653671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653671" title="Preža">
Preža

Preža (; in older sources also "Preže", ) is a village in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. It no longer has any permanent residents.
History.
Preža was a Gottschee German village. In the Kočevje land registry of 1498 the village had four half-farms; the cultivated area gradually increased, so that by 1574 seven half-farms were recorded in the village. Before the Second World War Preža had 16 houses, and three Slovene families also lived in the village. The Southern Lower Carniolan Battalion of the Partisan forces was founded here on 16 April 1942. Italians forces burned the village on 27 April 1942 and killed 11 men from the vicinity that they had brought to the village.
Church.
The village church was a chapel of ease dedicated to Saint Joseph. It stood at the northern edge of the village and there was a cemetery south of the church. The church had a rectangular nave with two side chapels and a narrower polygonal chancel walled on three sides. There was a bell-gable extending above the west wall of the church. The church was built around 1637 and was first mentioned in written sources in 1689 by Johann Weikhard von Valvasor. The church was expanded in the mid- to late-18th century. The building had a gabled shingled roof. The church was destroyed in the 1950s and a gravel road was laid in its place.

</doc>
<doc id="36653684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653684" title="Mikhail Morosov">
Mikhail Morosov

Mikhail Fyodorovich Morozov (born 1955) is the director of Durakovo's “Russian/American Center for Treatment of Alcoholics and Drug Addicts”, established using his own funds.
Morozov is an alcoholic. He was marked at the age of 24 by the trauma from witnessing the death of his uncle, who drowned in the Moscow River while swimming drunk.
Once visiting a friend in early recovery in 1993, Mr. Morozov drove through the fields of Durakovo and found an Orthodox shrine, its cupola smashed and filled with a stork’s nest. He took it as a sign from God, built a small cottage, and launched a business in a nearby town, building a factory to mass-produce Russian Orthodox icons. As he brought friends and acquaintances with alcohol problems to the cottage for increasingly longer visits, he transformed the place into an informal treatment center. "Rumors spread", he says. "That’s how people learned about us".
Documentary.
In 2008, Nino Kirtadze realized a documentary film entitled "For God, Tsar and the Fatherland" (alternative title: "Durakovo: Village of Fools"), regarding the rehabilitation centre from Đurakovo. Mr. Morozov was a central figure of the film, being suggested his authoritarian views of power, his sympathy towards president Vladimir Putin, his anti-democracy conceptions and profound mistrust towards the West.

</doc>
<doc id="36653692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653692" title="HBO Brazil">
HBO Brazil

HBO Brazil is the Brazilian version of HBO, a pay TV channel dedicated to feature films, series and other special content since 1994. As with its American counterpart, HBO Brazil has premium characteristics, and invests in original programming. It is also the flagship network on HBO Max, the channel package offered by its programmer, HBO Latin America Group, along with the movie-oriented Max channel.
History.
The first signs of a Latin American expansion of HBO came with the debut of "Selecciones" in 1989, a Spanish-language track available during part of HBO's programming in the US. Up to the end of 1991, HBO already had a channel operating in Latin America, although not in Portuguese. The group's initial operations in the region happened with a partnership between Time Warner with Venezuelan-owned Omnivisión Latin Entertainment (OLE), forming HBO Olé Partners in that year. Currently known as HBO Latin America Group, the company still maintains HBO and several other licensed channels. Afterwards, Sony Pictures joined, guaranteeing exclusivity on Columbia and TriStar Pictures releases.
Soon after the launch of the Latin American initiative, HBO Olé was seeking a partner for its Brazilian arrival. Two large media groups in Brazil, Organizações Globo (Globosat and NET) and Grupo Abril (TVA), were also looking for partnerships with major studios in order to acquire content for their movie channels. HBO was considered by Globo, but the deal never went forward because it'd guarantee only Warner Bros. at the time. The definitive choice was Grupo Abril, which was starting TVA, its cable provider, to join as a minor shareholder. HBO Brazil went on the air on July 1, 1994. HBO also established itself as a programmer of other networks in Brazil. Its first foray was on basic cable, with Sony Entertainment Television. Later, as years passed, more channels and partnerships were accomplished by HBO Olé Partners. On TVA, HBO Brazil replaced movie channel Showtime (not related to the American premium network). Abril also assured that HBO was distributed exclusively through TVA. Around the same time, Telecine, from Globosat, was establishing its operations in the country with 20th Century Fox, Paramount, MGM and Universal Pictures.
In December 1994, HBO Brazil had its first experimental 3D broadcasts, distributing anaglyph glasses for subscribers and offering additional pairs for one real each. Three-dimensional programming consisted of short movies between regular programs. The network was also the first to adopt multiplexing in Brazil by offering HBO2, with the original channel programming tape-delayed by 6 hours, in March 1995. 1996 marked the arrival of DirecTV Brazil, to be one of its most important partners: by the end of 1999, a 5-year satellite exclusivity contract was signed between HBO Brazil and DirecTV, estimated at about $250 million.
In 1997, another studio joined the network: Walt Disney Pictures. That same year, Cinemax, available in the rest of Latin America since 1994, launches in Brazil, totalling 3 premium channels offered. In July 2000, HBO Brazil had a major change in control: Grupo Abril started to dissociate itself from the programmer role, keeping only MTV Brasil and selling its 25% stake back to HBO, valued at around $43 million. In October, now being run directly from abroad, another channel was added: Cinemax Prime – this time earlier than the rest of Latin America, which had HBO Plus. Other than new networks, Abril's withdrawal made programming to be determined directly by HBO Latin America Group headquarters in Coral Gables, Florida, leaving only a sales and marketing office in São Paulo, Brazil.
The package that had HBO Brazil was finally consolidated on December 18, 2003, when HBO Plus and HBO Family became available in Brazil, initially only through DirecTV. With this, it now had five channels: HBO, HBO Family, HBO Plus, Cinemax, and Cinemax Prime, each accompanied by its time-shifted companion (HBO2 among them), totalling 10 channels. On March 16, 2005, HBO Brazil, along with the HBO Max package, finally arrived to other cable providers with the inclusion of its networks on NET, the largest pay TV operator in Brazil. On satellite, Sky Brazil, acquired by DirecTV, ended up getting the channels when both companies merged in 2006. Now, with both exclusivity contracts ended, HBO Brazil was free for negotiation with other providers. However, both NET and Sky conditioned the availability of HBO to the mandatory subscription of rival Telecine channels, and the situation remained that way until December 2009. Its HD simulcast debuted in Brazil on October 1, 2008, through TVA.
In 2010, HBO on Demand was announced for Brazil, initially through a partnership with NET, offering content on demand for the channel's subscribers. March 2010 also represented the departure of Sony Pictures as a shareholder and partner of HBO Latin America Group, accompanied by Disney. The group remains only with Time Warner (Home Box Office, Inc.) and OLE.
August 2011 came with a loss for HBO, no longer with Walt Disney Studios' catalog in Brazil. Other Latin American countries will remain with Disney's content. The Brazilian transition will occur for two more years – meanwhile, the back catalog will stay with HBO, but the premium window will be exclusive to Telecine, starting in October 2011. The announcement came amidst controversies: Telecine claims to now have over 70% of premieres (Disney included), an argument refuted by HBO, which, in turn, says it has over 50% of top grossing movies. The main issue, however, is that HBO announced that it spontaneously broke up the agreement with Disney to "open space for new Brazilian productions," also contradicting Disney's Latin America VP Fernando Barbosa's statement that it was a financial issue, Telecine being "more watched and, thus, more profitable." Globosat's general manager, Alberto Pecegueiro, was also quoted as saying that his company maintains good relations with most programmers, with the exception of HBO, which he considers "thugs." HBO did not respond.

</doc>
<doc id="36653717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653717" title="Al-Aqidah al-Tahawiyyah">
Al-Aqidah al-Tahawiyyah

Al-ʿAqīdah aṭ-Ṭaḥāwiyya or "The Fundamentals of Islamic Creed by the Imām aṭ-Ṭaḥāwī" is a single unifying treatise on Islamic creed that has historically been accepted by almost all Sunnī Muslims (Atharis, Ashʿarīs, Māturīdīs). Several mainstream Sunni scholars have written about the Tahawiyyah creed, including a well-known explanation by Ibn Abī l-ʿIzz, one by the late Saudi Mufti Abd al-Aziz ibn Abd Allah ibn Baaz, and a commentary by Ibn al-Siraj al-Dimashqi al-Hanafi called "Al-Qalā'id fī Sharḥī l-ʿAqā'id". It comprises 105 key points that list the essential matters in the creed of the Ahlus Sunnah wa`l Jama`ah.
The Unifying Creed of Imam Tahawi.
The texts raises many points of creed that are essential matters and defines the belief of the Sunni Muslim, covering the topics;
Further reading.
For the actual text see Al-Aqeedah al-Tahawiyyah

</doc>
<doc id="36653718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653718" title="Amsinck">
Amsinck

Amsinck is a Dutch-origined patrician family whose members were prominent merchants in multiple countries including the Netherlands, Hamburg, Portugal, England, France, Hanover, Holstein, Denmark, Suriname and India, and whose Hamburg branch from the 17th century formed part of the city-state's ruling class, the Hanseaten or hereditary grand burghers, who enjoyed legal privileges in Hamburg until 1918. Amsinck has been one of Hamburg's great business families over many centuries, and its members reached the highest positions in Hamburg society, including as senators and head of state. A branch of the family were large plantation owners in Suriname. The Hamburg branch retained a Dutch identity for centuries, often intermarrying with other Dutch-origined patrician families. 
The family is descended from Johan Amsinck (born "ca." 1410–1430), a burgher of Oldenzaal in 1459. His grandson Rudolph Amsinck (1518–1582/90) was Mayor of Zwolle.
Hamburg branch, with branches in Lisbon and London.
The son of Rudolph Amsinck, Willem Amsinck ("ca." 1542–1618), fled the Netherlands in 1576 and came as a religious refugee to Hamburg, where he became a wealthy cloth merchant. The family in Hamburg often intermarried with other families of Dutch/Flemish descent, and is closely related to other patrician families of Hamburg, such as the Berenbergs/Gosslers. Willem Amsinck was married to Henrica de Rouse and they were the parents of Rudolf Amsinck (1577–1636), who became a senator of Hamburg, and who was married to Isabeau (Isabella) de Hertoghe (1583–1636) from Antwerp, whose family formed part of the seven noble houses of Brussels patrician group in what is now Belgium. Their descendants were prominent merchants in Hamburg, Lisbon and other European cities with Dutch merchant colonies, as well as in London.
Paul Amsinck (1733–1812) was Ambassador of the Hanseatic states to the Court of St. James's (the United Kingdom; 1771-1784). In 1802, Wilhelm Amsinck (1752–1831) became First Mayor of Hamburg and President of the Senate (i.e. head of state of the free imperial city and "de facto" independent city-state), having been elected to its senate in 1786. Johannes Amsinck (1792–1879) earned a fortune by trading with newly independent South American states in the early 19th century, and was involved in the establishment of the Vereinsbank Hamburg and the Hamburg America Line (HAPAG). He was married to Emilie Gossler, daughter of Senator Johann Heinrich Gossler. He was the father of Martin Garlieb Amsinck (1831–1905), a leading ship-owner of Hamburg. Members of the family were also large land-owners in Holstein.
The Amsincks were one of the oldest, most prosperous and most respected Hanseatic families of Hamburg; a marriage to an Amsinck or a Berenberg/Gossler could greatly advance one's social position in the 18th and 19th centuries, as was the case with Hamburg head of state Max Predöhl.
The Hamburg Amsinck family lost most of its fortune during the hyperinflation in the Weimar Republic.
In Hamburg, the Amsinck Park and the Amsinckstraße main road are named for the family. Many family members are buried at the Old Niendorf Cemetery. In Suriname, some former slaves adopted the surname Amsinck or Amzink after their former masters following the emancipation. The name Amzink is still used by a number of black people in Suriname.
Amsterdam branch, with Suriname and India branches.
The Dutch branch of the family were plantation owners in the Dutch colony of Suriname; the family built the Meerzorg plantation—one of the earliest and largest coffee plantations—in the late 17th century and owned it until the mid 19th century. Cornelius Amsinck settled in India around 1650.

</doc>
<doc id="36653745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653745" title="Nikolai Belyaev">
Nikolai Belyaev

Nikolay Ilyich Belyaev (; 19 January(1 February) 1903 – 28 October 1966) was a Soviet politician. Between 1955 and 1958 he was a Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
Biography.
Belyaev was born in the village Kuterem of Ufa Governorate in Siberia in a family of a Russian peasant. While studying in a secondary school he began his political career as a komsomol activist. In 1925 he graduated from the Plekhanov Russian Economic University in Moscow and returned to Siberia where he served as a Communist Party functionary for the next 30 years. His efforts in the expansion of agriculture in Siberia were noticed by Nikita Khrushchev. As a result, in 1955 Belyaev became one of the secretaries of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. During the 1957 attempt by Malenkov, Molotov and Kaganovich to demote Khrushchev, Belyaev defended the party leader, for which he was elected to the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet and became the First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Kazakhstan. His was dismissed from both positions in 1960 due to the decline in agriculture and, more importantly, due to the poor handling of the 1959 riots in Temirtau that resulted in more than 10 people shot dead and several dozens prosecuted. He was sent to Stavropol Krai where he worked with Mikhail Gorbachev. According to Gorbachev, after the demotion Belyaev lost all enthusiasm; he retired from active duties in 1960 and died in 1966. He was buried at the Novodevichy Cemetery in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="36653824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653824" title="Ainina and Danina">
Ainina and Danina

Ainina and Danina () or Ainina and Danana (აჲნინა და დანანა) are a pair of pre-Christian female deities worshipped in ancient Kartli—Iberia of the Classical sources—as claimed by the medieval Georgian chronicles. Beyond these later records no evidence is available for the existence of these cults.
According to the 11th-century "History of the Kings and Patriarchs", part of the compiled Georgian Chronicles, the idols of Ainina and Danana were erected by Saurmag, the second king of Kartli, on the road to the royal city of Mtskheta. The earlier, 7th-9th-century source "Conversion of Kartli", reports Saurmag was responsible for establishing the cult of Ainina, while his son-in-law and successor Mirvan created the idol of Danina. The reigns of Saurmag and Mirvan are, retrospectively, placed in the 3rd and 2nd centuries BC.
Modern historians presume Ainina and Danina/Aynina and Danana are a corruption of the two names of one and the same deity, Danina/Danana being formed of the Georgian conjunctive particle "da" + Nana. Nicholas Marr saw in the Georgian names the reflection of the Iranian Anahita and non-Iranian Nan-As, while Michael Tseretheli believed they were influenced by the Sumerian Inanna, a counterpart of the Akkadian Ishtar.

</doc>
<doc id="36653839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653839" title="Gopal Goyal Kanda">
Gopal Goyal Kanda

Gopal Goyal Kanda is a member of the 12th Haryana Legislative Assembly of India. He was elected as an Independent representative for the Sirsa constituency in Haryana.
Background.
Gopal Goyal Kanda was born on 29 December 1965 in Sirsa, Haryana, India. His father, Murli Dhar Kanda, is a lawyer in Sirsa. His ancestors were market traders and his surname, "Kanda", refers to the iron weights used by such people. He lived with his family in a two-room apartment above their shop. A school drop-out, according to "The Times of India" he has been "Electrician, shoe shop owner, real estate broker, industrialist, car dealer, Tara Baba devotee, airline owner and politician". He uses his surname "Kanda" for political and religious purposes, while for business purposes and on official papers his name is Gopal Kumar Goyal.
In 1997, Kanda moved to Gurgaon where he went into the real estate business. He later became a party worker for the INLD party and an aide to Om Prakash Chautala who became Chief Minister of Haryana in 1998 after the INLD won the elections.
INLD lost the 2005 general elections in Haryana and Kanda started building relationships with Indian National Congress (INC) party leaders.
In the 2009 election in Sirsa he defeated INLD's candidate Padam Jain by a margin of 6521 votes. He supported the INC led by Bhupinder Singh Hooda in the formation of government in Haryana. The INC had 40 legislators and to form the government it needed at least another six. Kanda was among a group of independents who decided to support Bhupinder Hooda as chief minister. He was rewarded with a cabinet post and made Minister of State for Home in Haryana. He was facing court trial in ten cases at time when he was made the minister.
Controversies.
2009 campaigning.
During the 2009 election campaigning, Gopal's opponents alleged him of using money power.
Geetika Sharma suicide case.
Kanda launched MDLR Airlines in 2007. The initials were those of his father, Murli Dhar, and son, Lakh Ram. MDLR shut down in 2009 and in October 2010 became a part of Emirates Airlines.
Geetika Sharma, a former air hostess with MDLR, committed suicide on 5 August 2012. She left two suicide notes. accusing Kanda of harassment. She also alleged that Gopal Goyal was having an illicit relationship with another woman, Ankita, with whom he has a child. Allegations have been made that before her suicide Kanda sent a letter to Emirates saying that she had been a poor employee and had defaulted on a loan, and her family said that he had sent her threatening e-mails using several identities. Kanda has denied the allegations and stated that he had encouraged Sharma by sponsoring her on an MBA course. He also said "She was also made the chairman of the trust which managed an international school at Sirsa."
Following the incident, Kanda resigned from the post of home minister in Haryana. Delhi Police took him in custody, with charges including abetting the suicide, criminal conspiracy and criminal intimidation, and sending false electronic messages.
Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda, said that his former minister not helping the police in the suicide probe is "unfair".
On 15 February 2013, Geetika's mother, Anuradha Sharma also committed suicide. She chose the same method of suicide and left a suicide note at the same place as her daughter.
On 4 March 2014, Kanda was granted bail when a charge of sexual exploitation was dropped by the Delhi High Court.

</doc>
<doc id="36653890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653890" title="Peter Mensch">
Peter Mensch

Peter Mensch (born March 28, 1953) is a music manager who lives in Manhattan.
Mensch started his career in music management at the age of 26, managing AC/DC. In 1982, he formed the management company Q Prime with Cliff Burnstein. Their first client was Def Leppard. Q Prime has managed the careers of a large number of multiplatinum acts; including Metallica and Red Hot Chili Peppers, Muse, Josh Groban, Hole,Snow Patrol and many others, including Jimmy Page. The Financial Times has called Q Prime "One of the most admired artist management companies".
Early life.
Peter David Mensch was born in New York, the oldest of three children to Martin, an attorney, and Jean Mensch, an educator. His family is Jewish. His sister, Barbara Sena Mensch, was the youngest hostage of the Dawson's Field hijackings of September 6, 1970. Peter graduated from Scardsdale High School in 1971. He attended Brandeis University and worked as a music director for the college radio station, which is where he met Cliff Burnstein. After graduating from Brandeis, he received his Masters Degree in Marketing from the University of Chicago.
Career.
Mensch began his professional career after graduating from the University of Chicago. His first assignment was as a label manager with Blank Records in New York. Shortly thereafter, he joined mega-talent firm, Leber-Krebs, as a tour accountant. He worked with such acts as Aerosmith and the Scorpions. As a tour accountant with Aerosmith Mensch came upon the Australian rock band AC/DC, and persuaded them to swap their previous manager, Michael Browning, for Leber Krebs. Mensch was assigned to manage the band as his first client; he was 26 years old.
On the advice of his friend Cliff Burnstein, then at Mercury Records, Mensch targeted the British group Def Leppard. He deliberately booked the band as support act on an AC/DC tour. A BBC documentary on the band records their unhappiness with their early managers Pete Martin and Frank Stuart-Brown, following a fist-fight between singer Joe Elliott and Martin. The film quotes Mensch as saying Burnstein told him "I don't care if they have managers...steal them from another set of managers." The band's drummer Rick Allen recollects that he did approach Mensch, and Mensch signed them to Leber Krebs. After a disagreement with Leber-Krebs over royalties, Mensch was terminated from that firm and started Q Prime with Cliff Burnstein. Def Leppard was the sole client to come with the new firm.
Q Prime management made their name in heavy metal music, managing, at various times, AC/DC, the Scorpions, Def Leppard, Dokken, Tesla, Suicidal Tendencies, Queensrÿche, and Metallica. In the early nineties their roster expanded to include alternative rock bands such as the Smashing Pumpkins, Hole, and Veruca Salt. They co-managed Madonna for one album, "Ray of Light," and also consulted for the Rolling Stones on their "Steel Wheels" tour in 1990. They also managed Shania Twain for part of her career. The firm's present roster includes Metallica, the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Muse, Snow Patrol, Foals, Silversun Pickups, Cage the Elephant, Dawes and others. They additionally manage country acts from their Q Prime Nashville imprint, including Eric Church and Gillian Welch, and the Black Keys. They managed the opera singer Renee Fleming for her crossover record "Dark Hope." As solo artists the firm manages Jimmy Page and Josh Groban.
According to an interview with "The Sunday Times", Peter Mensch stated that he had assisted with the sale of "Hundreds of millions" of records, adding "I can't be more specific than that."
Personal life.
In June 2011, he married his third wife, Louise Mensch, with whom he had been having an extramarital affair for 20 years. He has three children by his second wife, Melissa Meyer, whom he divorced in 2010. The divorce was contentious.

</doc>
<doc id="36653892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653892" title="'Round Midnight (Kenny Burrell album)">
'Round Midnight (Kenny Burrell album)

'Round Midnight is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1972 and released on the Fantasy label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 2½ stars with its review by Scott Yanow stating, "Although the music overall is well-played, no real sparks fly and the results often border on being sleepy". 

</doc>
<doc id="36653896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653896" title="Livai Nalagilagi">
Livai Nalagilagi

Livai Nalagilagi is a Fijian rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup.
Playing career.
Nalagilagi played for Fiji in the 1992 World Sevens. He played for the Penrith Panthers in the 1994 NSWRL Premiership. Between 1994 and 1996 he played five test matches for Fiji.

</doc>
<doc id="36653904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653904" title="Charlie Cook (wrestler)">
Charlie Cook (wrestler)

Charlie Cook is a retired American professional wrestler who competed in Southeastern regional promotions such as Mid-South Wrestling, Georgia Championship Wrestling and Florida Championship Wrestling as well as the National Wrestling Alliance during the 1970s and 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="36653918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653918" title="LS Tower">
LS Tower

The LS Tower () is the headquarters of the Korean cable manufacturer LS Cable & System and is located in Anyang, South Korea. The construction works for the 20-story building began in 2006 and LS Cable & System moved its headquarters to LS Tower after its completion in 2008. LS Tower was built to host 1500 people, 17 of its 20 stories are above ground level and 3 below. The floors 4 to 10 belong to LS Industrial Systems, the 12th to the 17th to LS Cable & System and the 11th floor is occupied by LS Mtron.
The floors below ground level host a fitness center, several stores and a café / restaurant as well as the building's parking lot.
Also, an Woori Bank, as well as a small exhibition of LS Cable & System's products and the cafeteria are located on the first floor.
On top of the tower, on the 17th floor, there is, apart from several meeting rooms, an Asian garden for the employees of LS Cable & System to relax and to spend their time during breaks.
Location.
LS Tower is located about 200 meters from Geumjeong Station (the closest exit is exit 1), a subway station served by the lines 1 (dark blue line) and 4 (light blue line) of the Seoul Subway. The closest bus stop is "LS 타워" (English: LS Tower), located in front of the building and served by the bus lines 5, 64, 65 and 6-2.

</doc>
<doc id="36653933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653933" title="Mirima community">
Mirima community

Mirima is a small Aboriginal community, located on the edge of the town of Kununurra in the Kimberley Region of Western Australia.
History.
In 1971, the Mirima Council under catholic priest Peter Willis was established. The community included mainly Miriwung and Gajerong people. The ancestral lands of the Miriwung people are located near the southern part of the Ord River and therefore Miriwung people occupy the southern section of the Mirima community. The Gajerong people occupy the northern part of Mirima community.
Native title.
The community is covered by the Determined Miriuwung–Gajerrong (Western Australia) Native Title claim (WC94/2).
Governance.
The community is managed through its incorporated body, Mirima Council Aboriginal Corporation, incorporated under the "Aboriginal Councils and Associations Act 1976" on 25 November 1986.
Town planning.
Mirima Layout Plan No.1 has been prepared in accordance with State Planning Policy 3.2 Aboriginal Settlements. The Layout Plan was endorsed by the WAPC on 15 April 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="36653939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653939" title="Pozzolanic activity">
Pozzolanic activity

The pozzolanic activity is a measure for the degree of reaction over time or the reaction rate between a pozzolan and Ca2+ or Ca(OH)2 in the presence of water. The rate of the pozzolanic reaction is dependent on the intrinsic characteristics of the pozzolan such as the specific surface area, the chemical composition and the active phase content.
Physical surface adsorption is not considered as being part of the pozzolanic activity, because no irreversible molecular bonds are formed in the process.
Activity determining parameters.
Particle properties.
Prolonged grinding results in an increased pozzolanic activity by creating a larger specific surface area available for reaction. Moreover, grinding also creates crystallographic defects at and below the particle surface. The dissolution rate of the strained or partially disconnected silicate moieties is strongly enhanced. Even materials which are commonly not regarded to behave as a pozzolan, such as quartz, can become reactive once ground below a certain critical particle diameter.
Composition.
The overall chemical composition of a pozzolan is considered as one of the parameters governing long term performance (e.g. compressive strength) of the blended cement binder, ASTM C618 prescribes that a pozzolan should contain SiO2 + Al2O3 + Fe2O3 ≥ 70 wt.%. In case of a (quasi) one phase material such as blast-furnace slags the overall chemical composition can be considered as meaningful parameter, for multi-phase materials only a correlation between the pozzolanic activity and the chemistry of the active phases can be sought.
Many pozzolans consist of a heterogeneous mixture of phases of different pozzolanic activity. Obviously, the content in reactive phases is an important property determining the overall reactivity. In general, the pozzolanic activity of phases thermodynamically stable at ambient conditions is low when compared to on an equal specific surface basis to less thermodynamically stable phase assemblages. Volcanic ash deposits containing large amounts of volcanic glass or zeolites are more reactive than quartz sands or detrital clay minerals. In this respect, the thermodynamic driving force behnind the pozzolanic reaction serves as a rough indicator of the potential reactivity of a (alumino-)silicate material. Similarly, materials showing structural disorder such as glasses show higher pozzolanic activities than crystalline ordered compounds.
Reaction conditions.
The rate of the pozzolanic reaction can also be controlled by external factors such as the mix proportions, the amount of water or space available for the formation and growth of hydration products and the temperature of reaction. Therefore, typical blended cement mix design properties such as the replacement ratio of pozzolan for Portland cement, the water to binder ratio and the curing conditions strongly affect the reactivity of the added pozzolan.
Pozzolanic activity tests.
Mechanical tests.
Mechanical evaluation of the pozzolanic activity is based upon a comparison of the compressive strength of mortar bars containing pozzolans as a partial replacement for Portland cement to reference mortar bars containing only Portland cement as binder. The mortar bars are prepared, cast, cured and tested following a detailed set of prescriptions. Compressive strength testing is carried out at fixed moments, typically 3, 7, and 28 days after mortar preparation. A material is considered pozzolanically active when it contributes to the compressive strength, taking into account the effect of dilution. Most national and international technical standards or norms include variations of this methodology.
Chemical tests.
A pozzolanic material is by definition capable of binding calcium hydroxide in the presence of water. Therefore the chemical measurement of this pozzolanic activity represents a way of evaluating pozzolanic materials. This can be done by directly measuring the amount of calcium hydroxide a pozzolan consumes over time. At high water to binder ratio (suspended solutions), this can be measured by titrimety or by spectroscopic techniques. At lower water to binder ratios (pastes), thermal analysis or X-ray powder diffraction techniques are commonly used to determine remaining calcium hydroxide contents. Other direct methods have been developed that aim to directly measure the degree of reaction of the pozzolan itself. Here, selective dissolutions, X-ray powder diffraction or scanning electron microscopy image analysis methods have been used.
Indirect methods comprise on the one hand methods that investigate which material properties are responsible for the pozzolan’s reactivity with portlandite. Material properties of interest are the (re)active silica and alumina content, the specific surface area and/or the reactive mineral and amorphous phases of the pozzolanic material. Other methods indirectly determine the extent of the pozzolanic activity by measuring an indicative physical property of the reacting system. Measurements of the electrical conductivity, chemical shrinkage of the pastes or the heat evolution by heat flow calorimetry reside in the latter category.

</doc>
<doc id="36653943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653943" title="The Complete 2012 Performances Collection">
The Complete 2012 Performances Collection

The Complete 2012 Performances Collection is an extended play (EP) by American blues rock musician John Mayer. Released on August 7, 2012 as an iTunes-exclusive digital download, the EP contains four acoustic versions of tracks from Mayer's latest album "Born and Raised", as well as a previously unreleased track from the album's recording sessions.

</doc>
<doc id="36653959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653959" title="Wally Lloyd">
Wally Lloyd

Walter (Wally) Lloyd (born 1910) was a motorcycle speedway rider who rode in the earliest days of the sport in Britain.
Biography.
Born in Birmingham, Lloyd began his speedway career in 1928 at the Hall Green track. When the Hall Green track closed, in 1929 he moved to Perry Barr, captaining the team at the age of 17, and earning the nickname "Whirlwind" for his racing style. He started the 1930 season with Perry Barr in the Southern League, but after the team resigned from the league after four matches he moved on to Crystal Palace. He went on to ride for Lea Bridge in 1931, Southampton/Clapton Saints in 1932, and Clapton in 1933. He returned to Hall Green in 1934 before moving to Hackney Wick in 1935. Two seasons followed with Wembley before he joined Wimbledon in 1938, where he stayed until league speedway's suspension due to World War II.
Lloyd represented England several times between 1937 and 1939, and also rode and promoted the sport in South Africa.
In 1946, with league speedway resuming, Lloyd joined Belle Vue and rode in the British Riders' Championship as well as riding again for England in the Test series against Australia in 1947 and 1948. He retired after the 1948 season and in 1949 took on the role of manager for the re-opened Walthamstow Wolves team.
Lloyd's younger brother Jeff was also a professional speedway rider.

</doc>
<doc id="36653961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653961" title="Akhsadan Baba Mausoleum">
Akhsadan Baba Mausoleum

Akhsadan baba () – is a mausoleum of the 14th century, located in Barda city, Azerbaijan.
It is considered that the mausoleum was constructed by Ahmad ibn Eyyub. Earlier, the mausoleum belonged to a group of cylindrical “tower” mausoleums. At present, only underground burial vault is saved from the building. It is also noted that the mausoleum attracts attention with features by which it is distinguished among other monuments of the architectural school of Nakhchivan. Organization of the inner space in form of six-ended cross is not met anywhere. Ascetic strictness of interiors contrasting with a mosaic space of domes and strippings of the overhead cover is also mentioned. 

</doc>
<doc id="36653966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653966" title="Hayat Lambarki">
Hayat Lambarki

Hayat Lambarki (born 18 May 1988 in Salé) is a Moroccan athlete specializing in the 400 metres hurdles. 
Biography.
She competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics where she got to the semifinals. Her personal best in the event is 55.41 achieved in 2012 in Poto Novo.

</doc>
<doc id="36653968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653968" title="San Manuel Arizona Railroad">
San Manuel Arizona Railroad

The San Manuel Arizona Railroad was an Arizona short-line railroad that operated from a connection with the Copper Basin Railway (CBRY) at Hayden, Arizona to San Manuel, Arizona, .
History.
San Manuel Arizona Railroad was constructed by a joint venture consisting of Utah Construction Company and The Sterns-Roger Manufacturing Company, which had a contract with San Manuel Copper Corporation for the construction of the railroad. The company was incorporated September 29, 1953, and the railroad began operations in 1955. The copper mine at San Manuel was permanently closed in October 2003. The SMA ceased operations in 1999. In July 2012 work was started to re-open the operation of a new locomotive inspection and servicing shop & Administrative Offices and upgrade of 29+ miles of mainline track between San Manuel & Hayden (Arizona). In April 2013 it was announced the railroad will be purchased by Capstone Mining Corp. as part of the Pinto Valley mining operation acquisition from BHP Billiton in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36653981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653981" title="ITV-F1">
ITV-F1

ITV-F1 was a British television programme dedicated to the coverage of Formula One motor racing and was broadcast by the British broadcaster ITV between 1997 and 2008. 
ITV gained the rights for Formula One coverage for 1997 in late 1995 from the BBC and focused on more in-depth coverage, conducting more interviews and gaining access to better camera angles. The coverage was initially presented by Jim Rosenthal with veteran commentator Murray Walker and former racing driver Martin Brundle being the initial commentators before Walker's retirement after the 2001 United States Grand Prix and was succeeded by pit-lane reporter James Allen. Rosenthal left in 2005 and was succeeded by Steve Rider who presented the coverage until ITV ceased to broadcast Formula One after 2008. Formula One coverage returned to the BBC in 2009 for ITV to focus on more extensive coverage of UEFA Champions League football matches.
The programme was successful in collecting three consecutive BAFTA awards for sporting coverage but also garnered criticism for showing advertisements during their coverage along with their handling of competitions held by the broadcaster.
History.
When the BBC lost their rights to broadcast Formula One in late 1995, ITV gained the coverage for 1997. The deal worth £60 million was negotiated by FOM president Bernie Ecclestone. ITV chose to bid for the rights due to constantly being beaten at weekends while the "Grand Prix" coverage was on.
ITV's first broadcast was at the 1997 Australian Grand Prix featuring Jim Rosenthal along with Simon Taylor and Tony Jardine as expert analysts along with Murray Walker and Martin Brundle as the commentators. The pitlane reporters James Allen and Louise Goodman stayed on for the whole of ITV's coverage over 11 years. ITV had set about focusing their efforts into more in-depth pre and post-race analysis, better camera angles and conducting more interviews. Rosenthal, Taylor and Jardine all presented from a studio with a view of the paddock and the studio was transported to all the races. One feature for 1997 was known as 'Inside F1' where a driver would demonstrate a certain piece of equipment on a Formula One car and would summarise what operations the equipment performed along with its effects. There was also a track guide using a computer simulation provided by Psygnosis also for 1997. The post-race qualifying and race coverage was mainly a discussion between the presenter and the experts going over the key facts of what occurred. In the same year, Simon Taylor was left unable to broadcast live after feeling seasick during the Monaco Grand Prix when the team were presenting on a yacht that kept moving around.
ITV also introduced Martin Brundle's hugely popular gridwalk at the 1997 British Grand Prix, where roughly 10–15 minutes before the start of the race Brundle would walk around the grid interviewing drivers, team personnel, celebrities and whoever else he could find. Brundle had elected not to commentate from some races such as the Canadian Grand Prix in 1997 where he raced at Le Mans and missed the race in 1998. He also elected not to attend the Hungarian Grand Prix on several occasions. When Brundle was absent, different people would stand in the commentary booth, including Derek Warwick, Jody Scheckter, Anthony Davidson and World Champion Damon Hill. 
ITV were not able to show the qualifying for the 1999 French Grand Prix due to a dispute with Formula One Management. FOM President Bernie Ecclestone asked ITV if they wanted live coverage with the broadcaster refusing stating they would show coverage at a later time. Ecclestone agologised in the Sunday Express and the race coverage was unaffected.
In a one-off move for the return of the United States Grand Prix in 2000, ITV moved the coverage over to ITV2 as the schedule of the national channel could not occupy the coverage of the race.
The 2001 United States Grand Prix was Murray Walker's last in the ITV commentary booth, having missed four other races that season. James Allen moved up from his former role as pitlane reporter to replace Walker in the commentary box with Brundle still commentating as usual and Ted Kravitz inheriting Allen's old role.
In October 2002, the BBC had prepared pay £175 million to gain the rights off ITV when their contract was to expire at the end of 2004. In April 2004, ITV signed a six-year extension to their contract worth £150 million. In that same year, the coverage dropped its trackside studio and the presenters and analysts provided the coverage directly from within the paddock. With the advent of new Anti-Tobacco advertising laws in the United Kingdom that were placed in force on 31 July 2005, it was feared that Formula One coverage would be blacked out because with the showing of tobacco company logos on television, the broadcaster would face extra charges even in a country where tobacco sponsorship was permitted. In September 2005, it was reported that ITV had secured Steve Rider's services and would replace Rosenthal from 2006 onwards to present coverage of Formula One. Rider made his debut broadcast covering ITV F1 coverage at the 2006 Bahrain Grand Prix.
ITV extended their contract with North One Television for a further five years in an agreement that started at the first round of the 2006 season and would produce over 100 hours of content which also included qualifying and the highlight shows. ITV were the host broadcasters for the British Grand Prix.
In March 2008, ITV announced the coverage would be transferred to the BBC from the 2009 season so that the Broadcaster could focus more on coverage on the UEFA Champions League. The contract to show the sport at the time of announcement was worth £25 million. ITV later announced that they had enacted a clause within their contract enabling them to leave F1 coverage after the 2008 season.
Ironically, ITV F1's highest ever broadcast rating came in its final race, the 2008 Brazilian Grand Prix, which attracted 8.8 million viewers, peaking at 12.5 million viewers. On 17 November 2008, BBC announced that Martin Brundle would continue his commentary role alongside Jonathan Legard during the 2009 season, while Ted Kravitz would continue his pit-lane reporter role alongside Lee McKenzie.
Features.
Theme music.
ITV's F1 coverage used four different themes throughout its lifespan, each lasting three years. The first theme was a special, untitled, track performed by Jamiroquai which lasted from 1997-1999. This theme was commissioned in February 1997 and cost £100,000 to compose. Neil Duncanson who worked for Chryaslis Sport and who was ITV-F1's producer was a friend of Jay Kay who is a fan of Formula One.
In 2000, Jamiroquai's theme was replaced by "Blackbeat" by Apollo 440 which lasted until 2002, replaced the following year by a remixed version of "You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet" by Bachman Turner Overdrive. The final theme was "Lift Me Up" by Moby which ran from 2006 until 2008.
Website.
The ITV-F1 website was launched in March 1998 as a joint venture between ITV, F1 Racing and Business Net at a cost of £700,000 for the year. Initial content was provided by F1 Racing with news updates from Murray Walker and Martin Brundle. The site was revamped in July 1999 with the addition of a superstore selling Formula One merchandise along with a multimedia content area and a loyalty club. The website was closed in January 2012 citing the joint televised deal between the BBC and Sky as the reason.
Sponsorship.
Between 1997 and 2001, ITV's coverage was sponsored by Texaco who outbid RAC in December 1996. For the first year, the sponsorship promotion was created by Steve Pickard and directed by David Harris who were both from IMP. The sponsorship credits were based upon the speed and excitement of a Formula One team refuelling one of their racing cars with a circular theme involving the Texaco logo. Texaco placed £12 million in the first three years of their contract with ITV. The credits were directed by Darryl Goodrich and Nicolas Unsworth who was the producer.
In September 2001, Toyota signed a four-year deal worth £25 million seeing off competition from Foster's Lager which previously sponsored the ITV-F1 website. The car manufacturer pulled out at the end of 2003 to focus on brand advertising. The Daily Telegraph signed a one-year £4.5 million deal to take over the sponsorship in 2004. In 2005, LG took over the sponsorship with a £3.5 million contract for a year. Their sponsorship included the promotion of the LG Mobile brand among the aim for younger viewers to watch the programming.
For a period in 2006, Swiftcover.com sponsored the coverage from that year's San Marino Grand Prix. The screening of their sponsorship included Formula One drivers who were frustrated whilst speaking over the team radio to chickens in the pit lane. For 2007, Honda took over as the main sponsor which also included Honda's logo being placed onto the ITV-F1 website with the aim to attract younger viewers. The idents for Honda's sponsorship were produced by Honda's creative agency Wieden and Kennedy which built upon the car manufacturers indisputable passion for motor racing.
For 2008, Sony signed a deal that was negotiated by OMD UK as the final sponsor of the broadcasters coverage. The amount of sponsorship money was unpublished but was thought to be around £5 million. The idents were developed by fallon with digital and mobile assets developed by Dare.
Scheduling.
All races were broadcast live with occasional reruns in races where the start time was considered early for fans who had elected not to watch at an earlier time. The highlights programme lasted for one hour and would normally have started at around 11:35pm to 00:15am depending on the schedule.
Awards.
ITV were awarded three consecutive BAFTA awards for the Best Sports Programme for their coverage of the 2006 Hungarian Grand Prix, 2007 Canadian Grand Prix and the 2008 Brazilian Grand Prix.
Criticism.
Showing of advertisements.
A major criticism of ITV's coverage was they were permitted to show advertisements during the coverage which promoted a huge number of complaints from fans. This was the case at the 2005 San Marino Grand Prix when the broadcaster cut to a commercial break during the closing moments of the race which garnered 126 complaints from viewers. Ofcom ruled that ITV breached section 6.7 of the Rules on the Amount and Scheduling of Advertising. The broadcasters also had not shown the post-race press conference segment featuring Jenson Button comment's about the race. ITV repeated the last three laps after the race and as a result of these complaints, the server on their website crashed. An on-air apology was made by Jim Rosenthal before the start of the next race in Spain two weeks later.
Coverage.
Many fans of the sport criticised the coverage of the 2007 Canadian Grand Prix when the programme had ended just after the race concluded. ITV made arrangements for the next race that if coverage overran, the show would continued to be shown on ITV4.
Competition.
In 2009, Ofcom ruled that ITV's handling of the competition for their last race broadcast had broken competition rules when 139,000 viewers rang a premium phone line charging £1 for a chance of winning the prize. The competition organiser Eckoh was not overseen by the broadcaster. In July 2009, ITV awarded the winner of the competition the prize that was not awarded because the winner's name was not published at the required time.
Legacy.
ITV's F1 coverage helped to pave the way on how motor sport would be broadcast in the modern era. Many of the features such as Martin Brundle's gridwalk and the pre- and post-race analysis were all transferred when the coverage returned to the BBC.

</doc>
<doc id="36653998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36653998" title="Bálint Tárkány-Kovács">
Bálint Tárkány-Kovács

Balint Tarkany-Kovacs (Budapest, 1980 - ) is one of Hungary’s foremost cimbalom players, who plays traditional Hungarian music and ethnojazz as well. He is the founder of the band Tarkany Muvek.
About.
Balint was born in Budapest in 1980, and had started learning the cimbalom at the age of seven. He graduated in Folk Cimbalom (BA) in the Franz Liszt Academy of Music traditional music faculty in 2011. Now he has been studying at the Cimbalom Teacher Faculty (MA), where his maestro is Kalman Balogh.
He is the founder of the band Tarkany Muvek, where he does not only play the cimbalom but composes songs and writes lyrics as well. The band's recordings include the album "Introducing Tárkány Müvek". He also plays in Fonó Folk Band and Tündök band. He played all around Europe in festivals and tours. Now he lives in Budapest, Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="36654009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654009" title="Smriti Kalra">
Smriti Kalra

Smriti Kalra (born 26 October 1987) is an Indian television actress. She first appeared in 12/24 Karol Bagh on Zee TV, as the female protagonist. At present she plays Suvreen Guggal in a television drama Suvreen Guggal – Topper Of The Year.
Career.
Kalra started her career as RJ for RED FM. 
At age 22, in 12/24 Karol Bagh, she played Simmi Sethi, a 28 year old, the eldest daughter of a Delhi based family. 

</doc>
<doc id="36654011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654011" title="Don't Stop Believin' episodes">
Don't Stop Believin' episodes

Below is an episodic synopsis of Don't Stop Believin', which consists of 20 episodes and a sneak preview, and will be broadcast on MediaCorp Channel 8.

</doc>
<doc id="36654045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654045" title="Alfa Romeo 150A">
Alfa Romeo 150A

Alfa Romeo 150A is an Italian autobus produced by Alfa Romeo in 1958.
Technical characteristics.
The bus shared its chassis and other characteristics with Alfa Romeo 140A. Construction was by Macchi. The bus used the Alfa Romeo 1610 engine.
Production.
Twenty-two copies were produced.
Transport.
The bus was used by ATM in Milan, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="36654051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654051" title="Princess Maria Tenisheva">
Princess Maria Tenisheva

Maria Klavdievna Tenisheva (née Pyatkovskaya, in the first marriage - Nikolaeva, 1858–1928), Russian Princess, a public person, artist, educator, philanthropist and collector. She was born May 20, 1858, in St. Petersburg. Maria Tenisheva is famous as the founder of the Art studio in St. Petersburg, and the Drawing School at the Museum of Russian antiquity in Smolensk, handicraft college in Bezhitsa town, as well as by artistic and industrial workshops held in her own estate Talashkino.
Biography.
Maria Pyatkovskaya was born on May 20, (June 1) 1858 in St. Petersburg. The girl was illegitimate, and grew up in her stepfather's wealthy house; she was quite a shy girl, despite many governesses, nurses and teachers present in the house. Little Maria was expected to be obedient and restraint. His mother was cold to her, apparently binding to this child the moments of her life, which she was trying to forget.
When 16 years-old Maria just graduated from a private school, a young lawyer Rafail Nikolaev, proposed to her. The idea that the marriage would give her freedom, pushed her to give consent. The couple had a daughter, also named Maria, but the marriage did not work out as the husband was the gambler. "Everything was so gray and ordinary, meaningless" she wrote later. Soon Maria Tenisheva went to Paris to study singing at the famous Marchesi. She had a beautiful soprano. Maria also took her little daughter to France. That was a really tough time for Maria, as her husband refused to give exit permit and her mother also stopped subsidizing her. Maria took singing lessons at famous Mathilde Marchesi, also graphics lessons. Marchesi was sure that her student was born to have the glory of Russian opera singer. Maria was offered to take a tour of France and Spain. But due to the conflict with entrepreneur Maria refused to go, moreover, she decided that singing and stage performance were not for her. After she returned to St. Petersburg, she attended Baron von Stieglitz classes. At this time Maria was studying in depth the history of art, was spending a lot of time reading books and visiting museums.
In 1892, Maria was married to Prince Vyacheslav Nikolayevich Tenishev, an outstanding Russian manufacturer (relatives of the Prince did not recognize Maria, and she was not inscribed into the Princes Tenishev genealogy). The couple settled in Khotylevo estate acquired by Prince Tenishev in Bryansky district, Orel province; estate was situated on the banks of Desna river, where the Princess founded a one-class school. 
Princess Maria Tenisheva had a great artistic taste, she could feel art. Tenisheva collected watercolors and was friends with famous artists: Vasnetsov, Vrubel, Roerich, Malyutin, Benois, sculptor Paolo Troubetzkoy, and many other artists. She organized artists studio to prepare young people for higher arts education in St. Petersburg (1894–1904), where Ilya Repin was teaching.
Maria Tenisheva also became one of the founders of the magazine Mir Iskusstva (World of Arts). 
When traveling with her husband to Europe, Princess was not limited in finances and bought the Western European paintings, porcelain, marble sculptures, jewelry, historical values of China, Japan and Iran. And when she with her husband went travelling through the old Russian towns: Rostov, Rybinsk, Kostroma, Volga region villages and monasteries, the handmade beauty by unknown masters appeared before her and the new collection of utensils, clothing, furniture, jewelry, glassware set in.
In 1893, Maria Tenisheva persuaded her friend, Princess Catherine Svyatopolk-Chetverinskaya to sell her ancestry estate Talashkino, and there she quickly created welcoming, creative atmosphere that gathered many famous artists, musicians and scientists: Ilya Repin, Nicholas Roerich, Mikhail Vrubel, and many others. Talashkino became Princess' lifework. 
In September 1895, thank to Princess' efforts a new school building with dormitories, dining room and kitchen was opened for village kids near Talashkino. Orphans had privilege at the entry, and Princess Tenisheva took them on the full maintenance.
In 1919, after the Revolution, Princess Maria Tenisheva with her friend, Princess Catherine Svyatopolk-Chetverinskaya and her assistants left Russia for France. During her exile in Paris, she wrote a book of memories called "Impressions of my life. Memories", that covered the period from the late 1860s to the New Year's Eve of 1917. The book was published only after her death - Princess Maria Tenisheva died on April 14, 1928 in the Paris suburbs of Saint-Cloud. In the obituary to honour Maria Tenisheva Ivan Bilibin wrote: "Her whole life was dedicated to the native Russian art, and she has done infinitely much for it"

</doc>
<doc id="36654058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654058" title="Mars Hand Lens Imager">
Mars Hand Lens Imager

Mars Hand Lens Imager (MAHLI) is one of seventeen cameras on the Curiosity rover on the Mars Science Laboratory mission. 
The instrument is mounted on the rover's robotic arm. It is primarily to acquire microscopic images of rock and soil, but it can also be used for other images. MAHLI can take true color images at 1600×1200 pixels with a resolution as high as 14.5 micrometers per pixel. MAHLI has an 18.3 mm to 21.3 mm focal length and a 33.8- to 38.5-degree field of view. MAHLI has both white and ultraviolet LED illumination for imaging in darkness or fluorescence imaging. MAHLI also has mechanical focusing in a range from infinite to millimetre distances. This system can make some images with focus stacking processing. MAHLI can store either the raw images or do real time lossless predictive or JPEG compression. The calibration target (3-D image) for MAHLI includes color references, a metric bar graphic, a 1909 VDB Lincoln penny, and a stairstep pattern for depth calibration.
NASA says, "The main purpose of Curiosity's MAHLI camera is to acquire close-up, high-resolution views of rocks and soil at the rover's Gale Crater field site. The camera is capable of focusing on any target at distances of about 0.8 inch (2.1 centimeters) to infinity. This means it can, as shown here, also obtain pictures of the Martian landscape."
The device is also used to take photos of the rover. One of those photos was considered in 2013 by Discovery News as one of the best space robot selfies.

</doc>
<doc id="36654074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654074" title="Paul Cashmere">
Paul Cashmere

Paul Cashmere is an Australian rock music journalist and media executive. In 1994 he founded the digital music CD-ROM magazine, Undercover, with Australian photographer, Ros O'Gorman. In September, 2011 Cashmere and O'Gorman founded the Noise Network and launched Noise11.com. As of September, 2011, Cashmere was CEO and executive producer of The Noise Network Pty Ltd.
Biography.
In August, 1977 Paul Cashmere began working on Australian radio stations, starting at 2AD, Armidale, NSW in 1977 then at Nowra-based 2ST (1978 to 1981), EON-FM now 3MMM (1981-1983) and then Fox FM (1983-1984). He then moved to 2WL, Wollongong (owned by Fairfax Media) and became Program Director. When 2WL was sold to Mark Day's ACE Radio Network he became Program Director of the network. In the 1991 Cashmere became the National Program Director of Syndication for Austereo.
Cashmere and wife Ros O'Gorman founded Undercover in 1995. Undercover was the original music partner for the launch of Yahoo and AOL in 1998 in Australia. He then held a board position with digital broadcast company Whoopi Ltd from 1999 to 2001. From 2004 to 2007 Cashmere was the Australian and Senior Vice President of Media and Content for Nasdaq listed Roo Group in New York. He served as Executive Director of GoConnect from 2010 until June 2011. In September 2011 Cashmere founded The Noise Network and established music news and interviews channel Noise11.com. In November 2011 he addressed the annual Face the Music conference in the Arts Centre, Melbourne.
Cashmere has also appeared on Australian television, commenting on the music industry. He occasionally appears on The Project and A Current Affair, and in the past has appeared on Today Tonight, Rockwiz and Hey Hey It's Saturday.
Cashmere and O'Gorman have two children, Tim Cashmere and Haylee Cashmere. Both Tim (music writer, interviewer and photographer) and Haylee (production manager, photographer and music writer) have worked for Undercover and Noise11.

</doc>
<doc id="36654076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654076" title="Government E. N. T. Hospital">
Government E. N. T. Hospital

Government E. N. T. Hospital is one of the oldest speciality Hospital in Hyderabad, India. It is located in Koti and run by the Government of Telangana. It exclusively serves the patients with Ear, Nose and Throat diseases across the state of Telangana.
The building housing it was an Nizam's heritage monument.

</doc>
<doc id="36654084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654084" title="Rover Environmental Monitoring Station">
Rover Environmental Monitoring Station

Rover Environmental Monitoring Station (REMS) is a weather station on Mars for Curiosity rover contributed by Spain and Finland. REMS measures humidity, pressure, temperatures, wind speeds, and ultraviolet radiation on Mars. The investigative team is led by Javier Gómez-Elvira of the Center for Astrobiology (Madrid) and includes the Finnish Meteorological Institute as a partner. The Spanish lead project pressure and humidity sensors contributed by Finland.
All sensors are located around three elements: two booms attached to the rover "Remote Sensing Mast" (RSM), the "Ultraviolet Sensor" (UVS) assembly located on the rover top deck, and the "Instrument Control Unit" (ICU) inside the rover. Goals include understanding Martian general circulation, microscale weather systems, local hydrological cycle, destructive potential of UV radiation, and subsurface habitability based on ground-atmosphere interaction. 
By August 18, 2012, REMS was turned on and its data was being returned to Earth. The temperature at that time: 37 degrees Fahrenheit (2.8 degrees Celsius). On August 21, 2012, one of two windspeedmeters returned data with errors. After testing it was concluded that it was broken, probably hit by a rock on descent. Martian winds can still be detected with the other sensor.
Reports are posted on the Center for Astrobiology website and twitter daily.

</doc>
<doc id="36654097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654097" title="Godyris zavaleta">
Godyris zavaleta

Godyris zavaleta, the Zavaleta Glasswing, is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found from Costa Rica to southern Peru. The habitat consists of lowland and mid-elevation rainforests at altitudes up to 900 meters.
Adults visit the flowers of "Epidendrum panniculatum". Adult males sequester pyrrolizidine alkaloids from "Heliotropium", "Tournefourtia", "Myosotis", "Eupatorium", "Neomiranda" and "Senecio" species, making the species toxic to deter predation by birds.
The larvae feed on "Solanum" species (including "Solanum brenesii"), but have also been recorded feeding on "Cestrum nocturnum".

</doc>
<doc id="36654118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654118" title="Sunitha (actress)">
Sunitha (actress)

Sunitha Shivaramakrishnan is an Indian actress known for her roles in films made in southern India during the 1990s.
Career.
Sunitha, popularly known as "KODAI MAZHAI" Vidya in the movie world is a well known Indian classical dancer. She entered into film industry through the Malayalam movies in Nirabhedangal & Kanikanum Neram (Year 1987). Her popular movies include Mrigaya, Appu, Neelagiri, Mimics Parade, Kasargodu Kadarbhai, Pookkalam Varavayi, Savidham, Snehasagaram, Mukhachithram, Samooham, Vatsalyam, Nandhini Oppol, Kaliveedu etc. 
Sunitha, alternatively known as "Kodai Mazhai Vidya" and "Vidyasree" in the Indian film industry, has paired with leading Indian actors such as Mammooty, Mohanlal, Jayaram, Suresh Gopi, Ambareesh, Anant Nag, Shivraj Kumar and so many others. 
As a Dancer.
She began dancing at the tender age of 3 and did her arangetram at the age of 11. She has had the privilege of experiencing the age old tradition of 'Gurukul'. She received her training in the Vazhuvoor style of Bharatanatyam from world renowned Guru Sri Padmashree Vazhuvoor Ramaiyya Pillai and his son Sri Kalaimamani Vazhuvoor R.Samaraj. To date, she has given more than 200 dance recitals all over the world. She has enriched the cultural life of the Carolinas by dedicating herself to teaching and performing classical dance over the past ten years. She has performed Bollywood dances all over the world via Stage shows / Star Nites with stalwarts such as Amitabh Bachchan, Mamooty, Mohanlal, Vineeth etc...
Personal life.
She is born to Venugopal Shivaramakrishnan and Bhuvana. She married to Rajand have a son, Shashank . She is also a classical dance artist trained in Bharatanatyam. Sunitha owns and serves as artistic director at the Nrithyanjali School of Dance, based in USA.
SUNITHA Filmography.
1980
1986
1987
1989
1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1997
1999
2000
2003

</doc>
<doc id="36654128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654128" title="Miss Kosova">
Miss Kosova

History.
In the years 1998, 2004 and 2005, the contest was not held. Between 1994 and 2007, the contest was an arbitrary event confined to the Kosovo and recognised only by its organisers. From 2008 after Kosovan independence, Miss Kosovo has been permitted to take part at the Miss Earth pagaent. Pre-2008 winners of the contest were able to represent Miss Albania owing to agreements with its sister organisation across the border.
Two winners had a successful pageant in Miss Albania: Venera Mustafa (1999 winner of both titles); and Agnesa Vuthaj (winning Miss Kosovo 2003 and Miss Albania 2004) who also participated internationally as Miss Albania.
The Miss Kosovo pageant is organized by former titleholder Agnesa Vuthaj under her "Agnesa Vuthaj Association". After Kosovo's declaration of independence, Miss Kosovo 2007 Yllka Berisha participated in the Miss Earth 2008 pageant but was unplaced.
Titleholders.
Miss World Kosova.
In 2013 the former Miss Universe Kosovo team pulled out of Miss Universe and decided to send their winning girl to Miss World 2013. Due to pilitical issues between Russia and Kosovo in 2013, Miss Universe Kosovo Organization changed format to send Miss Kosovo at the Miss World pageant while Kosovo did not compete at the Miss Universe pageant. 
Miss Earth Kosovo.
Miss Earth Kosovo will be selecting by Miss Kosova pageant. Since 2010, the candidate will be selecting in castings management to compete at the Miss Earth. In 2013 Miss Earth Kosovo together has been chosen with the winner of Miss Universe Kosovo at the Miss Universe Kosovo pageant.
Miss Supranational Kosovo.
Miss Supranational Kosovo will be selecting by Miss Supranational Kosovo Organization. This pageant winner usually will be picking by Miss Globe Kosovo pageant to compete at the Miss Supranational pageant.

</doc>
<doc id="36654129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654129" title="Alfa Romeo 900A">
Alfa Romeo 900A

Alfa Romeo 900A is a bus produced by Alfa Romeo from 1952 to 1956.
Characteristics.
The first model came with a length of 10.3 m. The bus had an Alfa Romeo 1606 engine with 130 HP and 2,000 revolutions per minute, with six cylinders.
Two longer versions were also produced.
Operators.
The Alfa Romeo 900A was used by ATM in Milan, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="36654136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654136" title="Almas Uteshov">
Almas Uteshov

Almas Uteshov (born 30 March 1988) is a Kazakhstani weightlifter. He competed for Kazakhstan at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36654147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654147" title="Intigam Zairov">
Intigam Zairov

Intigam Zairov (born 21 April 1985 in Baku) is an Azerbaijani weightlifter he won silver medal at 2009 European Weightlifting Championships in Bucharest.
He competed for Azerbaijan at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36654149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654149" title="Daniel Becke">
Daniel Becke

Daniel Becke(born 12 March 1978 in Erfurt) is a road bicycle and track cyclist from Germany, who was born in the former East Germany. He won a gold medal in the team pursuit at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="36654153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654153" title="Aliaksandr Makaranka">
Aliaksandr Makaranka

Aliaksandr Makaranka (born 2 February 1990) is a Belarusian weightlifter. He competed for Belarus in at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36654155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654155" title="Norayr Vardanyan">
Norayr Vardanyan

Norayr Vardanyan (, born 15 May 1987 in Leninakan, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian weightlifter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's 94 kg division.
Norayr is the son of legendary weightlifter Yurik Vardanyan.

</doc>
<doc id="36654161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654161" title="Andrey Demanov">
Andrey Demanov

Andrey Demanov (born 15 July 1985) is a Russian weightlifter. He competed for Russia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36654165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654165" title="Dircenna">
Dircenna

Dircenna is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Doubleday in 1847. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654174" title="Haenschia">
Haenschia

Haenschia is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Lamas in 2004. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.The name honours Richard Haensch.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654180" title="Dragan Crnogorac">
Dragan Crnogorac

Dragan Crnogorac may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36654184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654184" title="Ramsrigelj">
Ramsrigelj

Ramsrigelj (; ) is a remote abandoned former settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Knežja Lipa.
History.
Ramsrigelj was a village inhabited by Gottschee Germans. Before the Second World War it had five houses. In May 1942 the settlement was burned by Italian troops. It was not rebuilt after the war, and the pastures were incorporated into a collective farm.

</doc>
<doc id="36654185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654185" title="Roger Adams (disambiguation)">
Roger Adams (disambiguation)

Roger Adams (1889–1971) was an American organic chemist.
Roger Adams may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36654192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654192" title="List of awards and honours won by S.L. Benfica players while representing their national teams">
List of awards and honours won by S.L. Benfica players while representing their national teams

The following players have won the FIFA World Cup Golden Boot while playing for Benfica:
The following players have won the UEFA European Football Championship while playing for Benfica:
The following players have won the Copa América while playing for Benfica:
The following players have won the FIFA Confederations Cup while playing for Benfica:
The following players have won the Summer Olympics Football Tournament while playing for Benfica:
The following players have won the FIFA U-20 World Cup Golden Glove while playing for Benfica:

</doc>
<doc id="36654200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654200" title="Becky Wu">
Becky Wu

Becky Wu is an American actress of film, television and the stage. She plays the recurring character Amy Yamada on multiple episodes of "Desperate Housewives", and Jan Carnes on "Greek". She has also appeared on TV shows such as "The Young and The Restless", "Eleventh Hour", "Dollhouse", "Ghost Whisperer", "Hawthorne" (as Nurse Becky), "All My Children", "General Hospital", "Love That Girl!" (as Zoe Chung) and more. 
She has also appeared in various independent film projects, such as Julia on the web series "KTown Cowboys", Directed by Daniel DPD Park, as Florence Ung in Timothy Tau's short film bio-pic of Keye Luke, as Monica in Duno Tran's "Bathroom Battle Royale" (which she also served as a Producer on) and as Scarlett alongside Robert Factor in Lillian Ng's "Pleasures." She is also friends with radio personality Gina Grad, and has been a contributor to the Pretty Good Podcast show.

</doc>
<doc id="36654210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654210" title="Tomasz Zieliński">
Tomasz Zieliński

Tomasz Bernard Zieliński (born 29 October 1990 in Nakło nad Notecią) is a Polish weightlifter. He competed for Poland at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
His brother Adrian is also weightlifter.
References.
IWRP profile (ang.)

</doc>
<doc id="36654223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654223" title="Hyalenna">
Hyalenna

Hyalenna is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Forbes in 1942. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654228" title="Bert Feary">
Bert Feary

Bertram "Bert" Edward Feary (3 December 1885 – 26 May 1952) was a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer of the 1910s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#53), and Nelson, as a Forward, e.g. , or , during the era of contested scrums.
International honours.
Feary represented New Zealand in 1911, touring Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36654235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654235" title="Oxney">
Oxney

Oxney may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36654245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654245" title="Pteronymia">
Pteronymia

Pteronymia is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Arthur Gardiner Butler and Druce in 1872. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654251" title="William Oxney">
William Oxney

William Oxney may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36654266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654266" title="Heterosais">
Heterosais

Heterosais is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Frederick DuCane Godman and Osbert Salvin in 1880. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654269" title="Learning to Be Silent">
Learning to Be Silent

Learning to Be Silent is the third album by composer C.W. Vrtacek, released in 1986 through Cordelia Records. Despite never being individually issued on CD, the album can be found in its entirety on the anthology "Silent Heaven".

</doc>
<doc id="36654281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654281" title="Mcclungia">
Mcclungia

Mcclungia is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Fox in 1940. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654285" title="1980 New Zealand rugby league tour of Great Britain and France">
1980 New Zealand rugby league tour of Great Britain and France

The 1980 New Zealand rugby league tour of Great Britain and France was a tour by the New Zealand national rugby league team. The test series between the New Zealand Kiwis and Great Britain was drawn one all, as was the test series between New Zealand and France.
Squad.
New Zealand were coached by Ces Mountford and included; 

</doc>
<doc id="36654294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654294" title="Pornsak Prajakwit">
Pornsak Prajakwit

Pornsak Prajakwit (born 1982), better known simply as Pornsak, is a Thai host and former radio deejay of Thai-Chinese descent. As he is fluent in Mandarin Chinese, he is often seen on MediaCorp TV Channel 8 Chinese language shows.
Early life and education.
Pornsak Prajakwit was born 1982, in Sathorn, Bangkok, Thailand. His father hails from China, and his mother was a Thai of Chinese ethnicity. Following the leukaemia-caused death of Pornsak's mother, the family relocated to Singapore, where he studied at South View Primary School and Clementi Secondary School. During his early education, he reportedly suffered from a language barrier. He went on to Jurong Junior College, before graduating with a degree in business management from Singapore Management University in 2004. Pornsak also attended Monash University, where he obtained his Master's in Early Education.
Career.
After graduating from SMU, Pornsak joined a competition organised by UFM 1003 and joined as a full-time radio deejay. He began diversifying into the entertainment scene in 2007 as a television host, after being discovered by MediaCorp at a library hosting gig. Among others, he hosts the ongoing singing competition show "Campus Superstar". In 2007, he clinched the title of Best Newcomer at the Star Awards. He has also endorsed a variety of products, such as Mama Lemon's dishwashing liquid. Pornsak is the co-proprietor of the Singapore-based Porn's, a restaurant brand selling Thai cuisine. There are some four Porn's chains in Singapore. The name of the business drew some negative criticism; in actuality, "porn" is Thai for "happiness". He runs a tuition centre named Fun. Learn. Share Chinese Lab. He is studying to be a Traditional Chinese Medicine practitioner.
Personal life.
Pornsak holds permanent residency in Singapore and resides in Bukit Timah. He is well-versed in a handful of languages, namely English, Chinese, Thai, and Teochew.

</doc>
<doc id="36654296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654296" title="Astaghfaar">
Astaghfaar

Astaghfaar is a TV show which airs on Hero TV. The series is hosted by Veena Malik and airs on weekdays at the 8 pm timeslot PKT in the Islamic month of Ramadan.
The show has been a subject of controversies even before its initiation. The channel previously planned to cancel the show following a public outcry but later decided to air the first six episodes to gauge the reaction of the viewers. Unexpectedly the show proved to be a TRP churner and generated a hospitable reception from the audience.
The show peaked at a near 30 million viewership on 13 August 2012 which marked the episode as one of the most-watched television telecast in Pakistan. After the overwhelming response from the audience the show was reinstated to air for its complete full season. Malik on such an unpredictable reaction stated "It’s a great feeling that people across the globe have appreciated my effort and also, accepted my show. The show has touched the heart of people which is gauged with the TRP ratings".
Episodes.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="36654313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654313" title="Placidina">
Placidina

Placidina is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by d'Almeida in 1928. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654323" title="Pseudoscada">
Pseudoscada

Pseudoscada is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Frederick DuCane Godman and Osbert Salvin in . They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654326" title="Administration and liquidation of The Rangers Football Club Plc">
Administration and liquidation of The Rangers Football Club Plc

Rangers, a football club in Scotland, entered financial difficulties during the late 2000s. The club, trading as The Rangers Football Club PLC, entered administration in February 2012. It owed substantial amounts to Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs, who subsequently refused to allow Rangers to exit administration via a Company Voluntary Arrangement (CVA). The Rangers Football Club PLC entered liquidation on 31 October 2012.
The refusal of the CVA forced the administrators to sell the business and assets of Rangers to a new company, operated by Charles Green. The other member clubs of the Scottish Premier League refused to allow the new company to adopt the league membership of the old company. Green then successfully applied for membership of the Scottish Football League. After obtaining the Scottish Football Association membership of the old company, Rangers (now trading as The Rangers Football Club Ltd) entered the Third Division (the fourth tier of the Scottish football league system) in time for the 2012–13 season.
Background.
During the 2000s (decade), Rangers regularly posted financial losses. By 2009, Rangers owed between £25 million and £30 million to the Lloyds Banking Group. Team manager Walter Smith claimed in October 2009 that Lloyds were effectively running the club. Although the amount due to Lloyds was reduced to £18 million by April 2011, Rangers were in dispute with Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HMRC) regarding the use of an employee benefit trust fund (EBT) between 2001 and 2010. A bill potentially running up to £49 million, including interest and penalties, was assessed in 2010. Rangers argued that their EBT scheme was a legal method of tax avoidance. The scale of the potential liability led chairman Alistair Johnston to admit in 2011 that the club could go out of business.
On 6 May 2011, it was confirmed that David Murray had sold his controlling interest in the club (85.3 percent) to Wavetower Limited, ultimately owned by Craig Whyte, for £1. Whyte pledged to pay off the bank debt and invest money in the squad and stadium. To enable the purchase and to pay off the debt to Lloyds, Whyte borrowed £26.7 million against future season ticket sales from Ticketus. This agreement with Ticketus was reached before the sale of the club had been completed.
Whyte failed to disclose that he had been previously banned as a company director for seven years. He began defamation proceedings against the BBC in February 2012 regarding two documentaries that had been broadcast about Whyte and his purchase of Rangers. A subsequent investigation by the Scottish Football Association found that Whyte was not a fit and proper person to run a football club. After the club entered administration, it was revealed by the administrators that there was no evidence of investment from Whyte into the club. David Murray later stated that he deeply regretted selling the club to Whyte, claiming that he had been "duped" and if the information had been available to him at the time he would not have done the deal. On 25 June 2012, the Crown Office asked Strathclyde Police to investigate the purchase of Rangers and the club's subsequent financial management.
Administration and liquidation.
Soon after taking control of Rangers, Whyte refused to remit the pay-as-you-earn tax deducted from his employees to HMRC. On 13 February 2012 Rangers filed legal papers at the Court of Session giving notice of their intention to enter administration. The following day HMRC petitioned the court for authority to appoint their choice of administrator, but this was unsuccessful. Rangers officially entered administration on 14 February 2012, after appointing London-based financial advisers Duff & Phelps as administrators.
On entering administration Rangers was deducted 10 points in the 2011–12 Scottish Premier League, effectively ending its championship challenge. Rangers then failed to submit accounts for 2011 and were therefore not granted a licence to play in European football in season 2012–13. In April it was revealed that the club's total debts could top £134M.
HMRC made clear on 12 June that it would vote against a proposed Company Voluntary Arrangement ("CVA"). Their formal rejection of the proposed CVA on 14 June meant that the company which operated Rangers would be liquidated, while the club would have to be reformed within a new company structure. The business and assets of Rangers were sold to Sevco Scotland Ltd, with the accountancy firm BDO due to be appointed as liquidator. Duff & Phelps announced in October 2012 that creditors had approved an end to their administration and that they had applied to the Court of Session for BDO to be appointed as liquidator. This appointment was confirmed on 31 October.
New company.
Immediately following the rejection of the CVA, the club's "business, history and assets" were sold to Sevco Scotland Ltd, owned by a consortium led by Charles Green. While the manager, Ally McCoist and a number of players were willing to transfer, other first team players such as team captain Steven Davis, Steven Naismith and Steven Whittaker refused to have their contracts transferred under TUPE regulations and became free agents. This was disputed by Duff & Phelps, who stated that Green purchased the players contracts and registrations. Rangers subsequently agreed a fee for Davis with Southampton and there is set to be a tribunal to agree a fee for Naismith.
Another consortium, led by former Rangers manager Walter Smith, made a last minute bid for the assets. This was rejected by Duff & Phelps, who already had a binding agreement to sell them to Charles Green. Walter Smith's consortium, including Scottish businessmen Douglas Park and Jim McColl, made a £6million offer that was also turned down. Charles Green then offered Walter Smith a role and the opportunity for his consortium to invest in the club. On 19 June 2012, Walter Smith and his consortium pulled out from trying to acquire the relaunched club. Smith's consortium was originally hostile to the Charles Green's consortium but on their statement issued cited that "We wish the new Rangers Football Club every good fortune."
On 20 June 2012, it was reported that two Glasgow businessmen, housebuilders and property developers Allan Stewart and Stephen McKenna were preparing a bid for the club worth about £11m. On 25 June McKenna had a bid of £8.7m rejected. Prominent former Rangers player John Brown had been involved in the bids and made a further attempt to take control by leading a supporter buyout of Green's consortium. Brown left his position as transfer scout after a meeting with Green and told 5,000 demonstrating supporters at Ibrox Stadium not to renew their season tickets, in order to "starve" them of funds and force them out. Brown challenged Green to show the title deeds to Ibrox and Murray Park, because he suspected that Craig Whyte or Ticketus retained an interest in the assets. Brown also accused Green of "surrendering" to a plot by Celtic chief executive Peter Lawwell. Brown alleged that Lawwell wanted a weak Rangers in the SPL to boost Celtic's own revenues.
Charles Green responded by ridiculing what he saw as the posturing of Walter Smith and John Brown: "It's not right that every two weeks a Mel Gibson appears, delivers a Braveheart statement, then doesn't deliver anything." Malcolm Murray, installed as Chairman of Rangers, appealled for an end to "factionalism" and said: "The vicious bloodlust must end, not only for Rangers’ sake but for Scottish football."
By 6 July 2012, Rangers were reportedly facing serious financial difficulties of its own, because only 250 season tickets had been sold. Major Scottish banks including Royal Bank of Scotland, reportedly "concerned at the current uncertainty about the club's future and its backers" declined to provide Rangers with the corporate banking facilities it needed. Metro Bank was hired instead. A local Audi dealership also terminated a lucrative sponsorship agreement. It was reported that primary sponsor Tennent's would remain with Rangers but would renegotiate a substantially smaller deal.
Response of Scottish football authorities.
The financial collapse of Rangers resulted in a great deal of discussion within Scottish football. Initially it was proposed by the Scottish Premier League (SPL) that Rangers should be given re-entry straight into the SPL. The SPL clubs rejected this application by a 10-1 vote, with only Rangers voting in favour and Kilmarnock abstaining. Early in discussions in regards to a "parachute" into the SPL, Kilmarnock chairman Michael Johnson stated that it was likely that Kilmarnock would vote in favour of Rangers re-entry to the SPL, but after consultation with fans (who were against a "parachute" to the SPL), the vote was eventually the single abstention that was observed in the voting. The chairmen of Aberdeen, Hearts, Dundee United, Hibernian, Inverness and St. Mirren were also vocal in their opinion, declaring that they were likely to vote no. St. Johnstone chairman Steve Brown declared that he would in principle oppose an automatic re-entry depending on the extent of the sanctions and conditions, while Motherwell chose to vote on the basis of fan and shareholder opinion. Newly promoted Ross County were relatively quiet on the issue, claiming that they would take into consideration the views of other clubs before making their decision. Celtic were the only SPL club not to announce their voting intentions prior to the ballot taking place, but later released a statement confirming their "no" vote and stating that "the integrity of the game was of paramount importance" and that the "decision to refuse access into the SPL was an overwhelming one and demonstrates the depth of feeling amongst everyone involved in Scottish football".
Following the vote by rival clubs to reject the application for direct entry of Rangers to the SPL, SFL and SFA executives proposed a direct entry to the Scottish Football League First Division. Scottish Football League clubs felt that they were being forced to deal with a situation which was not of their making. Notable opponents to direct entry included Raith Rovers chairman Turnbull Hutton, who was particularly vocal on the issue, claming that he felt lower league clubs were being "bullied, rail-roaded and lied to" and described the conduct of the governing bodies as being "corrupt". Clyde, and Falkirk also voiced strong disapproval of Rangers entering the First Division, with the Falkirk chairman Martin Ritchie claiming that parachute entry would be "totally unacceptable".
The SFL voted to let the club join as an associate member and placed Rangers in the Third Division. Agreement was subsequently reached on the transfer of SFA membership. Sevco Scotland Ltd agreed to accept all conditions relating to charges against Rangers FC of bringing the game into disrepute, including a 12-month transfer embargo, the payment of all outstanding fines and football debts, and agreement on broadcasting rights. The Scottish Premier League retained its right to the potential application of sanctions, including an investigation into the clubs use of EBTs and any penalties that may be applied as a result of it. The decision allowed the relaunched Rangers to complete their first fixture just two days later, a Ramsdens Cup tie against Brechin City at Glebe Park.
Aftermath.
As a result of Rangers' "assets, business and history" being sold to a new company when The Rangers Football Club plc entered the liquidation process, the extent to which the relaunched Rangers can be regarded as a continuation of the club officially founded in 1873 has been interpreted differently. Rangers Football Club has been described by some in the mainstream media as a "new club", whilst Chief Executive Charles Green has maintained "this is still Rangers", with the SPL chairman Neil Doncaster saying "it is an existing club, even though it's a new company". On 20 August 2012, Falkirk suspended one of their announcers after he referred to the club as "the Sevco Franchise". "Sevco" was the new company's name prior to it being changed to "The Rangers Football Club Ltd".
The SPL set up an investigation, chaired by Lord Nimmo Smith, into alleged use of dual contracts by Rangers through the EBT scheme. David Murray denied any cheating took place during his ownership of Rangers, while Alistair Johnston and Charles Green questioned the independence of the investigation. It found that Rangers had deliberately failed to disclose the trust payments in order to withhold information from HMRC and fined the old company £250,000. It had been anticipated that the investigation would revoke honours won by Rangers during the period that the trust payments were made, but this was not done because it was considered that Rangers had not obtained any sporting advantage by withholding information.
The First Tier Tax Tribunal verdict in relation to Rangers' use of EBTs was announced on 20 November 2012, with Rangers winning the appeal on a majority verdict. After the verdict David Murray confirmed that Rangers had offered HMRC a settlement of more than £10 million two years previously. Murray also stated that, "The biggest question is why the Revenue knew in August 2011 that Craig Whyte wasn't paying national insurance and tax but didn't put him down - this has so many ramifications for business."
The handling of the TUPE process has led to sixty-seven players launching legal action against Rangers via PFA Scotland, while three players have claimed constructive dismissal, although it was subsequently found that the PFA had not spoken to the players to see if they wish this raised on their behalf. Rangers have made a counter claim for loss of transfer fee revenue from players who refused to join the new company. The panel set up to consider the cases ruled in April 2013 that Rangers should pay its costs.

</doc>
<doc id="36654332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654332" title="Veladyris">
Veladyris

Veladyris is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Fox in 1945. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae. It contains only one species, Veladyris pardalis, which is found in Ecuador and Peru.
Subspecies.
There is one more undescribed subspecies from Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="36654334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654334" title="Ioannis Athinaiou">
Ioannis Athinaiou

Ioannis Athinaiou (alternate spellings: Giannis, Yiannis, Yannis, Athineou, Athinaioy) (; born May 27, 1988) is a Greek professional basketball player who last played for Olimpia Milano of the Italian League. He is 1.96 m (6 ft 5 in) tall. He can play at the both the point guard and shooting guard positions.
Youth career.
Athinaiou played from a young age in Poseidonas, a club in Psychiko, Athens, Greece, before he started his pro career
Professional career.
Athinaiou first played professionally with the Greek clubs Ilysiakos, Panionios, and KAOD. In the summer of 2009, he signed a 4-year contract with Panionios. He joined the Greek League club Aris in 2013.
He joined the Italian League club Olimpia Milano in 2014. In May he parted ways with the team.
Greek national team.
Athinaiou was a member of the Greek university national team. He played at the 2007 World University Games. He was also a member of the Greek junior national team and the Greek B national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36654346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654346" title="Ready or Not (Bridgit Mendler song)">
Ready or Not (Bridgit Mendler song)

"Ready or Not" is the debut solo single by American singer-songwriter Bridgit Mendler, and is the lead single from her debut studio album, "Hello My Name Is..." (2012), which is also one of the lyrics of the song ("Hello my name is...Nice to meet you"). It premiered on August 3, 2012 and was released as a digital download on August 7, 2012. The song was written by Mendler herself, Teena Marie, Matthew Thiessen, Desmond Child, Peter Cunnah, Aileen Marie Quinn and Michaela Shiloh. The song received positive reviews from music critics, praising the song's unique sound and also Mendler's vocals, which have been compared to Carly Rae Jepsen and Demi Lovato.
The song became a modest hit on North America where it reached number 49 at the "Billboard" Hot 100, and number 43 in Canada. The song performed better overseas, where it became an international hit. It reached top forty in over twelve countries, and peaked inside the top ten in Belgium, Romania, Ukraine, and the United Kingdom making it her first top ten hit. The song was certified gold in Norway, and platinum in New Zealand, United States and Canada. The chorus is based on the interpolation of the song "Ready or Not Here I Come (Can't Hide from Love)" by the Delfonics.
The music video was directed by Philip Andelman and it filmed at multiple locations in Los Angeles, California. The official music video for the single premiered on Disney Channel on August 10, 2012. It shows the course of a scavenger hunt from day to evening, as items are checked off a list.
Writing and composition.
In an interview with Kidzworld Media about what the song is about, Mendler said: "It’s a fun song about a girl who is feeling like she has been the wallflower her whole life and she wants to go out there and take charge. It has the romantic element of her going for the guy rather than waiting for the world to come to her. I wrote it with some great writers and producers. We wrote most of the album together".
Mendler has spoken again, then, over the song: I’m thrilled to finally share my songs with the world. I wanted to write something that was empowering for girls. I consider myself to have been that girl sitting on the curb waiting for the world to notice". Mendler co-wrote the song with Emanuel "Eman" Kiriakou and Evan "Kidd" Bogart. Kiriakou also co-produced it with Andrew Goldstein. The chorus is based on the 1996 song "Ready or Not" by the American hip hop group the Fugees.
The song is an up-tempo pop track with a strong undercurrent of soul. According to "Popdust", they say that "every detail is where it should be, from the multi-tracked vocals on the chorus to the synth sound effects that provide punctuation and punchlines to the verses, to some of the more clever rhymes in the lyrics—which include pairing "Oprah" with "Boca" and "I’m like a crook tonight" with "I could be your kryptonite." The song consists of "layers of synths and backing vocals adding a musical and emotional intensity totally absent from the carefree verses." The song also mentions Prince William and Kate Middleton. Mendler's vocals span from the low note of A3 to the high note of Eb6.
Critical reception.
The song received positive reviews from music critics. Although Amy Sciarretto of "PopCrush" rated the song 3 out of 5 stars, she was positive with her review, praising her vocals saying that "she sings it like she means it, like a girl with a crush on the prowl." She also praised the song's unique sound, saying that "even so, this is not a "throw ya hands up" dance jam fit for the drinking set. The song is all glistening, poppy rhythms and her lyrics mostly skew young, like 14 and under, even when she sings, (I like your face/Do you like my song?)". She then also praised the song's "reggae" part, saying that "she sounds cute." She concluded her review by saying that "overall, Ready or Not is a catchy – addictive, really — pop ditty that’ll get stuck in your brain, much like a splinter under your skin, whether you like it or not."
Andrew Unterberger of "Popdust" was very positive with his review, saying that the song "is a playful, swinging and just impossibly catchy—the catchiest we’ve heard since our girl Carly Rae—pop number". He also praised Mendler's vocals and chorus. He concluded his review saying that "Will that out-of-placeness hurt the chances of or Not becoming the smash it deserves to be, though? Well, it didn’t seem to hurt "Want U Back" any, so we’re hoping that people can see that this song is basically a smarter, more interesting and infinitely catchier version of that already-quite-good Cher Lloyd song. But it’s on all of us to spread the world that that song scraping the bottom of the iTunes chart isn’t just another kiddie-pop anthem from the latest made-for-Disney movie—it’s one of the best songs of the year, and one you’d have to be a pretty sullen sort of person to not love at least a little bit."
Devin Alessio of "Seventeen Magazine" says that Mendler "is in line to be the next superstar off the Disney Channel". He praised her vocals, saying that "her sound is a mix between Carly Rae Jepsen and Demi Lovato" and described the music video as "super fun". He concluded that "or Not is a total girl anthem — perfect for listening to when you're just chilling with your friends or getting ready for homecoming."
Chart performance.
The song debuted at number 98 at the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The song also debuted at number 80 on the Canadian Hot 100 and peaked at number 43, making it her second song to chart there. The song also debuted at number 14 on the US Top Heatseekers, her fourth song to chart there and peaked at number 3. It has also debuted at number 17 on the New Zealand Singles Chart, becoming her first Top 20 hit internationally. In its 11th week on "Billboard" Hot 100 the single jumped from position 94 to its peak of 49 selling 138,552 digital copies. In January 11, 2013 the song was certified Gold. In the United Kingdom, "Ready Or Not" debuted at number seven on the UK Singles Chart, selling 38,208 digital copies in its first week. As of March 31, 2013, the song has stayed in the top ten for four consecutive weeks and sold over 250,000 copies in UK.
Live performances.
The song was performed in all dates of her tour, . The acoustic version of "Ready or Not" was performed on "Off the Charts", in Clevver TV, in October 19, 2012. In October 20, Mendler performed the song on Radio Disney and Disney Channel show "Total Access". She performed at "The Morning Show" also in Toronto, Canada on August 27, 2012. Then she performed song on "New Music Live" in Toronto, Canada on August 28, 2012. She performed an acoustic version of the song at VEVO on September 25, 2012. In Disneyland Resort the song was performed in October 12, 2012. Bridgit performed the song on YouTube show Whatstrending on October 23, 2012. Then she performed the song on Radio Disney on October 8, 2012. Bridgit performed the song on YouTube show Whatstrending on October 23, 2012. Bridgit also performed the song on "Good Morning America" on November 14, 2012. Mendler performed the song on "Live! with Kelly and Michael" on November 15, 2012.
The song also was performed on "The X Factor" semi-final results show on December 13, 2012. The performance has received mixed reviews. Sam Lansky to Idolator comments that Mendler was very nervous and didn't have a good start. He said "Mendler started off a little shaky, but eventually found her footing". The "Examiner" said the performance wasn't anything special. For Amy Sciarretto to "Pop Crush" the performance was great and she comments: "We like you, Bridg". Despite the reviews, Mendler fronted up and admitted she was nervous about the whole performance and she was also nervous to sing for Britney Spears, according to "Pop Stop".
Music video.
Background.
The music video was directed by Philip Andelman and it filmed at multiple locations in Los Angeles, California. The official music video for the single premiered on Disney Channel on August 10, 2012. It shows the course of a scavenger hunt from day to evening, as items are checked off a list.
Lyric video.
The lyric video was released on Mendler's VEVO channel on August 3, 2012. The video starts with the camera showing Mendler's hands grabbing a box labelled "scavenger hunt". When she opens it, inside are pictures from the music video and below the pictures are the lyrics of the song. In the end, she closes the box and the label changes to the song title and leaves the box there.
Synopsis.
The music video starts with Mendler singing and hanging out with her friends at the top of Mulholland Drive. Then they drive off to start their "scavenger hunt". In the chorus, they are seen driving around Hollywood. Then they visit a restaurant called Hama Sushi in Venice, California and they all take a picture behind the sushi bar (which is one of their scavenger hunts). Then in the second verse of the song, they go to North Venice and Mendler is seen singing in a rowboat and all of them take a picture in the rowboat along with her. Then some of her friends are seen in a skate park where a person is skateboarding and jumps over a guy who is lying upwards (another one of their scavenger hunts). Then in the chorus again, they are seen hanging out downtown and in the Hollywood Walk of Fame. In the end, they are done with their scavenger hunt and they are seen in a rooftop partying. KISS member Gene Simmons can be seen in the video.
Cover versions.
On May 10, 2013 the British presenter Dionne Bromfield and the girl group Little Mix covered the song on Bromfield's show Friday Download.
Chart and certifications.
Certifications.
! scope="row"| Denmark (IFPI Denmark)
! scope="row"| New Zealand (RIANZ)
! scope="row"| Norway (IFPI Norway)

</doc>
<doc id="36654348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654348" title="Velamysta">
Velamysta

Velamysta is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Richard Haensch in 1909. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654359" title="Pagyris">
Pagyris

Pagyris is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Jean Baptiste Boisduval in 1870. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654371" title="Institute of Mental Health (Erragadda)">
Institute of Mental Health (Erragadda)

The Institute of Mental Health, Erragadda also known as Erragadda Mental Hospital is one of the oldest Health institutions established by the Nizams reign in Hyderabad State. It is run by Government of Andhra Pradesh, located in Erragadda, Hyderabad. It serves the Mental health patients from all over the state.
History.
Established as "Darul-Majanine" meaning Mental Asylum, the hospital was started at Chanchalguda Central Jail and shifted to Jalna (Maharashtra)with 400 beds. The institute was moved to Jalna (part of Nizam dominion at the time) during 1895-1907. The name of the institution changed from "Darul-Majanine" to "Hospital for Mental Diseases, Jalna". 
The institute was shifted from Jalna To Hyderabad in 1953 after Hyderabad State (1948–56) was formed and Jalna was merged with Maharashtra. Dr. R. Natarajan was the last superitendant of Govt. Mental Hospital, Jalna and first superitend of IMH, Erragadda Hyderabad. Dr Neeraj Deo was the first person who highlight the history in Research Aaj Tak Vol.1 No.3 September - December 2012.
Expansion.
It is expanded with a new 150-bed block specially meant for the court and criminal cases under the National Mental Health Programme in 2006.
Notes.
Deo Neeraj Shyam (2012)Darul Majanine, Jalna to Institute of Mental Health, Erragadda Hyderabad: The Forgotton History Research AAj Tak ISSN 2278-2001 Vol 1 No 3 Sept - Dec 2012 125-128

</doc>
<doc id="36654375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654375" title="German submarine U-284">
German submarine U-284

German submarine "U-284" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
The submarine was laid down on 1 July 1942 at the "Bremer Vulkan" yard at Bremen-Vegesack as 'werk' 49. She was launched on 6 March 1943 and commissioned on 14 April under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Günter Scholz.
Service history.
"U-284" served with the 8th U-boat Flotilla for training from April to October 1943 and operationally with the 9th flotilla from 1 November. She carried out one patrol, sinking no ships. She was a member of one wolfpack.
Patrol.
The boat's only patrol began with her departure from Kiel on 13 January 1944. She passed between Iceland and the Faroe Islands and into the Atlantic Ocean. She was scuttled southeast of Greenland on 21 November 1943, after sustaining sea damage. Her crew were taken off by and taken to Brest in occupied France, arriving on 5 January 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="36654381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654381" title="Methona">
Methona

Methona is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Doubleday in 1847. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654390" title="Dave Mason (rugby league)">
Dave Mason (rugby league)

David "Dave" Mason was a New Zealand rugby league footballer of the 1910s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#57), and Nelson, as a , i.e. number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
He was part of the 1911 New Zealand tour of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36654396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654396" title="Paititia">
Paititia

Paititia is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Lamas in 1979. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654406" title="Andries P Putter">
Andries P Putter

Vice Admiral Andries Petrus Putter SSA (born 2 December 1935) was a South African military commander, who served as Chief of the South African Navy twice, first from 1982 to 1985 and again from 1989 to 1990 He was born in Brits in 1935.
He joined the Navy after a career in the Merchant Navy in 1960. In 1969 he commanded the SAS "Port Elizabeth" and became Senior Officer of the Minesweeper Flotilla. 
In 1982 he was appointed Chief of Naval Staff and in 1985 as the Chief of the Navy
He later served as Chief of Defence Intelligence

</doc>
<doc id="36654408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654408" title="When Heaven Comes to Town">
When Heaven Comes to Town

When Heaven Comes to Town is the fourth album by composer C.W. Vrtacek, released in 1988 through RēR Megacorp. Despite never being individually issued on CD, the album can be found in its entirety on the anthology "Silent Heaven".

</doc>
<doc id="36654410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654410" title="Sais (genus)">
Sais (genus)

Sais is a Neotropical genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Hübner in 1816. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654416" title="Derek Mandell">
Derek Mandell

Derek Mandell (born in Tamuning, Guam) is a Guamanian sprinter. The runner took part in the 2008 Oceania Athletics Championships, winning bronze, and 2008 Summer Olympics, where he broke the national Men's 800m record even though Mandell was eliminated in the first round. 
He later competed in the 2010 Guam Athletics Championships, where he won two gold medals, the 2011 Pacific Games, where he won a silver medal, and the 2011 World Championships in Athletics, where he set a personal best time of 1:57.11. 
He also competed in the Men's 800m event at the 2012 Summer Olympics but was again eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36654422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654422" title="Thyridia">
Thyridia

Thyridia is a monotypic genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Hübner in 1816. Its only species is the Melantho Tigerwing ("Thyridia psidii"). It is in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae and is found in the Neotropical zone.
Subspecies.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654429" title="Modification of the Brazilian Forest Code">
Modification of the Brazilian Forest Code

A modification of the Brazilian Forest Code (Law project 1.876/99) has been proposed. It has passed both houses of Parliament of Brazil. 
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has vetoed against parts of it. Environmentalists are opposed to the law, saying it leads to further destruction of the Amazon rainforest.It would have opened areas logged illegally before July of 2008 for farming. 
Rainforest clearing results in the emission of 400 million tons of carbon dioxide.
The bill softens forest protection. The Catholic Church urged Rousseff to completely veto the bill. 
Avaaz, a global activist group, collected 2 million signatures opposing the legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="36654431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654431" title="Owen Connelly">
Owen Connelly

Owen Sergeson "Mike" Connelly Jr. (29 January 1924 – 12 July 2011), who published as Owen Connelly, was an American historian who specialized in military history, especially the Napoleonic wars. He was Distinguished Professor of History Emeritus at the University of South Carolina.
Connelly was the author of ten books, including:

</doc>
<doc id="36654436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654436" title="Elaldı, Vezirköprü">
Elaldı, Vezirköprü

Elaldı is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36654441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654441" title="Elbeyi, Vezirköprü">
Elbeyi, Vezirköprü

Elbeyi is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36654446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654446" title="Elmalı, Vezirköprü">
Elmalı, Vezirköprü

Elmalı is a village in the Vezirköprü district, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36654452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654452" title="Esen, Vezirköprü">
Esen, Vezirköprü

Esen is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36654456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654456" title="Radiation assessment detector">
Radiation assessment detector

Radiation Assessment Detector (RAD) was the first of ten instruments in the Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) to be turned on.
Purpose.
The first role of RAD was to characterize the broad spectrum of radiation environment found inside the spacecraft during the cruise phase. These measurements have never been done before from the inside of a spacecraft in interplanetary space. Its primary purpose is to determine the viability and shielding needs for potential human travelers on a manned mission to Mars, as well as to characterize the radiation environment on the surface of Mars, which it started doing immediately after MSL landed in August 2012. Turned on after launch, the RAD recorded several radiation spikes caused by the Sun. 
RAD is funded by the Exploration Systems Mission Directorate at NASA Headquarters and Germany's Space Agency (DLR), and developed by the Southwest Research Institute (SwRI) and the extraterrestrial physics group at Christian-Albrechts-Universität zu Kiel, Germany.
On 31 May 2013, NASA scientists reported the results obtained during cruise, and stated that the equivalent dose radiation for even the shortest round-trip with current propulsion systems and comparable shielding is found to be 0.66 ± 0.12 sievert. This implies a great health risk caused by energetic particle radiation for any manned mission to Mars.
Astrobiology.
The radiation sources that are of concern for human health also affect microbial survival as well as the preservation of organic chemicals and biomolecules. The RAD is currently quantifying the flux of biologically hazardous radiation at the surface of Mars today, and will help determine how these fluxes vary on diurnal, seasonal, solar cycle and episodic (flare, storm) timescales. These measurements will allow calculations of the depth in rock or soil to which this flux, when integrated over long timescales, provides a lethal dose for known terrestrial microorganisms. Through such measurements, scientists can learn how deep below the surface life would have to be, or have been in the past, to be protected.
Research published in January 2014 of data from RAD, state that "ionizing radiation strongly influences chemical compositions and structures, especially for water, salts, and redox-sensitive components such as organic matter." The report concludes that the "in situ" "surface measurements —and subsurface estimates— constrain the preservation window for Martian organic matter following exhumation and exposure to ionizing radiation in the top few meters of the Martian surface.

</doc>
<doc id="36654457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654457" title="Esentepe, Vezirköprü">
Esentepe, Vezirköprü

Esentepe is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36654462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654462" title="Esenyurt, Vezirköprü">
Esenyurt, Vezirköprü

Esenyurt is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36654466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654466" title="Martin Verner">
Martin Verner

Martin Verner (; born March 5, 1980) is a Czech swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 23rd place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36654467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654467" title="Habipfakı, Vezirköprü">
Habipfakı, Vezirköprü

Habipfakı is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36654470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654470" title="Hacılı, Vezirköprü">
Hacılı, Vezirköprü

Hacılı is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36654472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654472" title="Halilbaba, Vezirköprü">
Halilbaba, Vezirköprü

Halilbaba is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36654475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654475" title="Hayranlı, Vezirköprü">
Hayranlı, Vezirköprü

Hayranlı is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36654476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654476" title="Kristian Golomeev">
Kristian Golomeev

Kristian Tsvetanov Golomeev (, ) is a Greek swimmer with Bulgarian roots. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 31st place (50.08) overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.
Personal life.
He was born 4 July 1993 in Velingrad, Bulgaria. His mother, Kristina Golomeeva, died due to a medical error soon after giving birth to Kristian. His father, Tsvetan Golomeev, was a famous Bulgarian swimmer. He died in 2010 after eight-month fight with cancer. Kristian Golomeev has two brothers - Nikola and Ivan.
Career.
At 2011 FINA World Junior Swimming Championships - Lima (PER) Kristian Golomeev took 3rd place with time 22.80 (50m freestyle).
At the 14th Luxembourg Euro Meet (27.29 January 2012) Golomeev finished 9th at Men's 100m freestyle with time 51.31 and was 4th at Men's 50m freestyle (22.92).
Media reviews.
"The young swimmer is very talented and shows that he can have a lot of good results to the next games... he tries very hard and in every game he tries to get better times. I'm sure that he can succeed a lot of great things." - Mike Kontorinis, journalist of Aquatics News

</doc>
<doc id="36654477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654477" title="Tahtaköprü, Vezirköprü">
Tahtaköprü, Vezirköprü

Tahtaköprü is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36654478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654478" title="Yauhen Tsurkin">
Yauhen Tsurkin

Yauhen Mikalaevich Tsurkin (; born November 9, 1990 in Homel) is a Belarusian swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle and butterfly events. He won a bronze medal in the 50 m butterfly at the 2012 European Aquatics Championships in Debrecen, Hungary, breaking a new Belarusian record time of 23.37 seconds.
Tsurkin qualified for the men's 100 m freestyle, as a member of the Belarusian swimming team, at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, by attaining a B-standard entry time of 49.62 seconds from the European Championships. He challenged seven other swimmers on the fourth heat, including British-born Paraguayan swimmer Benjamin Hockin. Tsurkin edged out sixth-place finisher Gabriel Melconian Alvez of Uruguay by fifteen hundredths of a second (0.15), outside his qualifying entry time of 50.53 seconds. Tsurkin failed to advance into the semifinals, as he placed thirty-fourth out of 60 swimmers in the preliminaries.
At the 2012 European Short Course Swimming Championships in Chartres, France, Tsurkin lowered his national record time to 22.73 seconds, but was barely out touched by France's Frédérick Bousquet for the final top seeding in the semifinals of the men's 50 m butterfly.

</doc>
<doc id="36654481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654481" title="Taşlıyük, Vezirköprü">
Taşlıyük, Vezirköprü

Taşlıyük is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36654483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654483" title="Park In-chon">
Park In-chon

Park In-chon(Korean:박인천, hanja:朴仁天, July 5 1901 - June 16 1984) was a South Korean famous businessmens. founder and first header of Kumho Asiana Transportation Group(Kumho Asiana Group) and Korean Synthetic Rubbers company.

</doc>
<doc id="36654484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654484" title="Gabriel Melconian Alvez">
Gabriel Melconian Alvez

Jose Gabriel Melconian Alvez (born July 7, 1987) is an Olympic freestyler swimmer from Uruguay, with Armenian background.
Melconian competed at the 2011 Pan American Games in the Men's 50 metre freestyle, Men's 100 metre freestyle and at the Men's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay, finishing 9th, 12th and 5th respectively.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 35th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36654487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654487" title="Omar Sheikhulayev">
Omar Sheikhulayev

Omar (Umar) Sheikhulayev (Ru: Умар Магомедович Шейхулаев)(June 5, 1975 - 5 February 2009) also known as Emir Muaz, was the militant leader of the Vilayat Dagestan of the Caucasus Emirate, in the volatile southern Russian republic of Dagestan. 
Omar was a close associate of Rappani Khalilov and Rasul Makasharipov. In December 2008 Dokku Umarov appointed him leader of the Shariat Jamaat as a successor to the slain Ilgas Malachiyev. He was accused of killing Deputy Chief of Staff of the North Regional Command of Internal Troops of the Russian Federation, Major General Lipinsky.
He was killed on 5 February 2009 in a fierce shoot-out with the Russian security forces outside of Makhachkala.

</doc>
<doc id="36654488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654488" title="Tepeören, Vezirköprü">
Tepeören, Vezirköprü

Tepeören is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36654495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654495" title="Dynamic Albedo of Neutrons">
Dynamic Albedo of Neutrons

Dynamic Albedo of Neutrons (DAN) is a pulsed sealed-tube neutron source and detector on the Mars Curiosity rover for measuring hydrogen or ice and water at or near the Martian surface. DAN was provided by the Russian Federal Space Agency, funded by Russia and is under the leadership of Principal Investigator Igor Mitrofanov. 
On August 18, 2012 (sol ), the Russian science instrument, DAN, was turned on, marking the success of a Russian-American collaboration on the surface of Mars and the first working Russian science instrument on the Martian surface since Mars 3 stopped transmitting over forty years ago. The instrument is designed to detect subsurface water.
On March 18, 2013 (sol ), NASA reported evidence of mineral hydration, likely hydrated calcium sulfate, in several rock samples including the broken fragments of "Tintina" rock and "Sutton Inlier" rock as well as in veins and nodules in other rocks like "Knorr" rock and "Wernicke" rock. Analysis using the rover's DAN instrument provided evidence of subsurface water, amounting to as much as 4% water content, down to a depth of , in the rover's traverse from the "Bradbury Landing" site to the "Yellowknife Bay" area in the "Glenelg" terrain. 

</doc>
<doc id="36654496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654496" title="Türkmen, Vezirköprü">
Türkmen, Vezirköprü

Türkmen is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36654502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654502" title="Branden Whitehurst">
Branden Whitehurst

Branden Whitehurst is a Virgin Islander swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 36th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36654504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654504" title="Kevin Avila Soto">
Kevin Avila Soto

Kevin Avila Soto (born 22 December 1992 in Santa Catarina Pinula) is a Guatemalan swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 37th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals. Soto also competed in the 100 m event at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships. He swims for the Guatemalan club named "Club Delfines de Natación" and his coach is Morgan Armando Sanchez.

</doc>
<doc id="36654508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654508" title="Andrew Rutherfurd (swimmer)">
Andrew Rutherfurd (swimmer)

Andrew M.Rutherfurd Aliaga is a Bolivian swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 41st place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36654513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654513" title="Esau Simpson">
Esau Simpson

Esau Walter Simpson (born 6 October 1990) is a Grenadian swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 43rd place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals. He also competed in the 100 m event at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36654518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654518" title="Christopher Duenas">
Christopher Duenas

Christopher Duenas (born in Tamuning, Guam) is an Olympic and national record holding swimmer from Guam. He has swum for Guam at the:
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 44th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36654519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654519" title="Mikael Koloyan">
Mikael Koloyan

Mikael Koloyan (, born June 21, 1983 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian swimmer. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the men's 100 metre freestyle. Koloyan finished in 56th place overall in the heats. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's 100 metre freestyle. Koloyan finished in 45th place overall in the heats.

</doc>
<doc id="36654524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654524" title="Sergeý Krowýakow">
Sergeý Krowýakow

Sergeý Krowýakow is a Turkmenistani swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 46th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals. He also competed in the 100 m event at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36654530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654530" title="Andryein Tamir">
Andryein Tamir

Andryein Tamir (born April 24, 1986) is a Mongolian swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 49th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36654533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654533" title="Shane Mangroo">
Shane Mangroo

Shane Christopher Mangroo (born 12 March 1993) is a Seychellois swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 50th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36654534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654534" title="Ahmed Husam">
Ahmed Husam

Ahmed Husam is a Maldivian swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 53rd place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36654536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654536" title="LGBT rights in Guernsey">
LGBT rights in Guernsey

Lesbian, gay, bisexuals, and transgender (LGBT) persons in Guernsey may face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents. Same-sex sexual activity for both men and women is legal in Guernsey, but households headed by same-sex couples are not eligible for the same legal protections available to opposite-sex couples.
Law regarding same-sex sexual activity.
Prior to 1983, same-sex sexual activity was illegal; after decriminalisation, the age of consent was set at 21 (in line with the UK at that time). In 2000, the age of consent for male same-sex sexual acts was lowered to 18. In 2010, the States of Guernsey backed, in principle, the proposal to equalise the age of consent at 16. The legislation to this effect was approved in 2011 and took effect on 5 November 2012. However, Guernsey retains male homosexual specific offences in its criminal law.
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
There is no civil marriage for same sex couples in Guernsey. Nor is there any provision for civil partnerships. However, civil partnerships performed in the United Kingdom are recognised for succession purposes in inheritance and other matters respecting interests in property since April 2012. In January 2014 it was announced that within the next twelve months Deputies will debate whether to accept a States-recognised civil union. The proposed law which is now titled Union Civile, is said to be "the most forward-looking marriage law" in the world.
Discrimination protections.
Discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender reassignment is banned since 2004.
Adoption and parenting.
Although same-sex couples can't legally adopt, lesbian couples can have access to IVF and artificial insemination.
Local LGBT charities and organisations.
Liberate is the only organisation in the Channel Islands that represents the local LGBT community. It was established in February 2014 with the aim to "include, inform and support the local LGBTQ community", as well as to reform discriminatory laws in the Bailiwick.

</doc>
<doc id="36654541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654541" title="Summer Jam (R.I.O. song)">
Summer Jam (R.I.O. song)

"Summer Jam" is a song by German dance band R.I.O., featuring vocals from Pop, R&B and Hip-Hop singer U-Jean. The song was released in Germany as a digital download on July 27, 2012. It samples the chorus from The Underdog Project's "Summer Jam" (2001).
Music video.
A music video to accompany the release of "Summer Jam" was first released onto YouTube on July 27, 2012 at a total length of three minutes and eleven seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="36654545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654545" title="Ammaar Ghadiyali">
Ammaar Ghadiyali

Ammaar Ghadiyali is a Tanzanian swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 55th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals. He also competed in the 200 metre event at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36654550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654550" title="Beni Bertrand Binobagira">
Beni Bertrand Binobagira

Beni Bertrand Binobagira (born in Bujumbura) is a Burundian swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 56th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36654558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654558" title="Athyrtis">
Athyrtis

Athyrtis is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Felder in 1862. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654560" title="William Pikerell">
William Pikerell

William Pikerell (also Pickerill) was an English medieval university chancellor.
During 1284–5, Pikerell was Chancellor of the University of Oxford. 

</doc>
<doc id="36654561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654561" title="Umalat Magomedov">
Umalat Magomedov

Umalat Magomedov, also known as Emir Al Bara was the leader of the militant Vilayat Dagestan organisation in the southern Russian republic of Dagestan.
He was appointed emir by Dokka Umarov, leader of the Caucasus Emirate, in April 2009 after the death of Omar Sheikhulayev. He was killed by Russian security forces on 31 December 2009.
The widow of Umalat Magomedov, a 17-year-old called Janet Abdullaev (also known as Abdurakhmanova) was one of the two suicide bombers who carried out the 2010 Moscow Metro bombings.

</doc>
<doc id="36654570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654570" title="Eutresis">
Eutresis

Eutresis is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Doubleday in 1847. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654576" title="Greece national basketball team B">
Greece national basketball team B

The Greek national basketball team B is the second-tier senior men's national basketball team for Greece. It is not to be confused with the first-tier senior men's Greek national basketball team A.

</doc>
<doc id="36654578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654578" title="Olyras">
Olyras

Olyras is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Doubleday in 1847. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654587" title="Singapore National Academy">
Singapore National Academy

Singapore National Academy is a school in Surabaya, Indonesia, near Lotte Mart, Makro and Giant. 
It is an international school with a Singapore-based curriculum. Its students mainly speaks English, however, is allowed to speak Chinese and Indonesian language at Chinese and Indonesian classes.

</doc>
<doc id="36654595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654595" title="Patricia (genus)">
Patricia (genus)

Patricia is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Fox in 1940. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654602" title="Old Great Bulgaria">
Old Great Bulgaria

Old Great Bulgaria or Great Bulgaria (Byzantine Greek: Παλαιά Μεγάλη Βουλγαρία, "Palaiá Megálē Boulgaría") was а term used by Byzantine historians to refer to the Maeotian Bulgar state during the reign of Kubrat in the 7th century centred on Phanagoria north of the Caucasus mountains between the Dniester and Lower Volga.
Kubrat.
Kubrat (also Kurt or Houvrat) was of the kingly Dulo clan according to the "Nominalia of the Bulgarian khans" and the rightful heir of the Bulgar throne. H. Zotenberg (1883) intensionally replaced the name of Qetrades to Kubrat while translating John Nikiu Chronicles from old-Ethiopian. Since then, the historiography holds a misconception that Kubrat was raised and baptized by the Byzantine court, while John’s character Qetrades has no real-life connection to Kubrat The Ruler of Great Bulgaria.
Kubrat quickly managed to overthrow Avar domination, extending Onogur influence among the Bulgarians in Pannonia in what subsequently became known as Hungary. Ultimately however, although there is no evidence that the Utigurs were independent of the Onogurs until after Kubrat's empire disintegrated, it is believed he seceded from the Onogurs when they became entangled in dynastic wars. After Kubrat's burial in Mala Pereshchepina, the Khazars who had triumphed in the collapse of Onoguria subjugated Kubrat's heir Batbayan, forcing his other sons to flee north up the Volga (Kotrag) and west into the Balkans (Kuber & Asparukh) and Italy (Alcek, Alzek) 
Establishment.
Between 630 and 635, Khan Kubrat managed to unite the two main Bulgar tribes of Kutrigur and Utigur under a single rule, creating a powerful confederation which is referred to by the medieval authors as "The Old Great Bulgaria" and also known as Onogundur-Bulgar Empire (or in western version: "Onoghuria"). Some scholars assume that it also included among its subjects the defeated Avars and stretched as far west as the Pannonian plain. It is presumed that his capital was the ancient city of Phanagoria on the Taman peninsula. Kubrat's grave was discovered in 1912 at Pereshchepina, Ukraine.
Disintegration and successor states.
The events that unfolded following Kubrat's death are described by the Byzantine Patriarch Nicephorus I. In the times of Emperor Constantine IV, he narrates, Kubrat died and Batbayan, the eldest of his five sons, was left in charge of the state. Under strong Khazar pressure, Kubrat's other sons disregarded their father's advice to stay together in order to resist the enemies and soon departed, taking their own tribes. Old Great Bulgaria disintegrated under Khazars pressure in 668.
Volga Bulgars.
Kotrag, the leader of the Kutrigurs (or Kotrags), left for Middle Volga, where he later established Volga Bulgaria at the Volga–Kama confluence, a state which was to become very prosperous. The Volga Bulgars or the Silver Bulgars ("Bessermens") as they were called at the time, converted voluntarily to Islam in the 9th century and managed to preserve their national identity well into the 13th century, by repelling the first Mongol attacks in 1223. However, they were eventually subdued, their capital Bulgar city became one of major cities of the Golden Horde of the Mongols and the Bulgars mixed with the Tatars. The citizens of the modern Russian republics of Tatarstan and Chuvashia are considered to be descendants of those Bulgars.
Bulgars in Vojvodina and Macedonia.
Kuber ruled in Sirmium over a mixed group of peoples (Bulgars, 'Romans', Slavs, Germanics) as a vassal of the Avar khagan. After a revolt he led his people to Macedonia. There he had settled in the region of Keremisia and made an unsuccessful attempt to capture the city of Thessaloniki. After this, he disappears from history and his people were later consolidated into the Bulgarian Empire by khan Krum.
Bulgars in Southern Italy.
Other Bulgars, circa 662, led by their "Duke Alzeco" (Altsek) sought refuge from the Avars with the Lombards and requested
land from the Lombard King Grimoald I of Benevento in exchange for military service "for an uncertain reason", initially staying near Ravenna and later moving further south. Grimoald sent Altzek and his followers to his son Romuald in Benevento and they were then granted by Romuald land northeast of Naples in the "spacious but up till that time deserted" towns of Sepino, Bovianum (Boiano), and Isernia, in the present-day region of Molise in the Apennines. Instead of the title "Duke" Altzek was granted the Lombard title of "Gastald". Paul the Deacon in his "Historia Langobardorum" writing after the year 787 says that in his time Bulgars still inhabited the area, and that even though they speak "Latin", "they have not forsaken the use of their own tongue".
Excavations in the necropolis of Vicenne-Campochiaro near Boiano which dates from the 7th century, found among 130 burials that there were 13 human burials alongside horses along with artifacts of Germanic and Avar origin. Horse burials are characteristic of Central Asian horse-nomads, and therefore these burials are clearly those of the Bulgar settlers of Molise and Campania.
Onoguria.
BatBayan's Blacksea Bulgars remained in their Ukrainian homeland, Onoguria, but were subdued by their relatives, the Kazarigs. Some believe that the present-day Balkars are the descendants of the BatBayan horde even though they call themselves Malkars (after the river Malka) and speak a Turkic language of the Kipchak type.
But in most Turkic languages the sound "b" became "m".
First Bulgarian Empire.
After the state disintegrated under Khazar attack in 668, Asparuh parted ways with his brothers and led some of the Bulgars to seek a secure home. He was followed by 30,000 to 50,000 Bulgars. After the Battle of Ongal Asparuh founded the First Bulgarian Empire, which was officially recognized as an independent state by the Byzantine Empire in 681.
Etymology of Onoghuria.
Variations of the name include:
"Onoghuria, Onoguri, Onoghuri, Onghur, Ongur, Onghuri, Onguri, Onghuria, Onguria, Onogundur, Unogundur, Unokundur, etc."
There are numerous speculations about the origin of the Onogur name:

</doc>
<doc id="36654609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654609" title="Placenticeras whitfieldi">
Placenticeras whitfieldi

Placenticeras whitfieldi is an ammonite species from the Late Cretaceous. These cephalopods were fast-moving nektonic carnivores.

</doc>
<doc id="36654612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654612" title="Roger de Rowell">
Roger de Rowell

Roger de Rowell (also Rodwell or Rodewell) was an English medieval university chancellor.
During 1283–4, Roger de Rowell was Chancellor of the University of Oxford. At the end of time as Chancellor, there was a controversy between the University and the Bishop of Lincoln, Oliver Sutton.

</doc>
<doc id="36654624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654624" title="Aremfoxia">
Aremfoxia

Aremfoxia is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Real in 1971. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654635" title="Epityches">
Epityches

Epityches is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by d'Almeida in 1938. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654640" title="No Surrender (2012)">
No Surrender (2012)

No Surrender (2012) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) that took place on September 9, 2012 at the Impact Wrestling Zone in Orlando, Florida. It was the eighth and final annual No Surrender under its chronology. The event hosted the culmination of the Bound for Glory Series, which determined the number one contender for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship at Bound for Glory.
Background.
No Surrender featured seven professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds and storylines. Wrestlers portrayed villains, heroes, or less distinguishable characters in the scripted events that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches.
The primary matches on the card center around the conclusion of the Bound for Glory Series. The top four in the standings based on points were James Storm, Samoa Joe, Bully Ray, and Jeff Hardy. As the final four, they advanced to the one night tournament at the PPV that will determine the ultimate winner. As points leader, Storm had the option to choose his opponent in the semi-finals, and selected Bully Ray (due to Ray making accusations about Storm being involved with Aces & Eights and because in the previous year, Bully Ray beat James Storm in a Bound for Glory semi-final match), leaving Joe vs Hardy as the other semi-final. The winners of those matches will meet in the finals where the winner receives a TNA World Heavyweight Championship match at Bound for Glory.
Another major match on the card features TNA World Champion Austin Aries challenging any member of Aces & Eights to a fight. After weeks of attacks on Aries by the renegade group, Aries had threatened a lower level member of the group in exchange for a fight at the PPV, specifically targeting the large enforcer known as "Arm Breaker".
Another storyline on the card features Rob Van Dam going against Magnus. After Van Dam was eliminated from the final four, Magnus mocked him in backstage by saying that Van Dam can't reach the bar anymore and isn't the man he once was, which resulted in Van Dam punching Magnus in the face. They start fighting until Security run in to separate them.
The top midcard match features Christopher Daniels and Kazarian defending the TNA World Tag Team Championship against former champions AJ Styles and Kurt Angle. After the revelation that Daniels and Kazarian had fabricated the whole Claire Lynch pregnancy story to blackmail Styles, Styles vowed revenge, and is using his rematch clause to challenge for the titles that Daniels and Kazarian won from Styles and Angle in June.

</doc>
<doc id="36654651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654651" title="Megoleria">
Megoleria

Megoleria is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Constantino in 1999. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36654654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654654" title="Israpil Velijanov">
Israpil Velijanov

Israpil Velijanov (4 September 1968 - April 18, 2011) also known as Emir Hassan was the militant leader of the Vilayat Dagestan of the Caucasus Emirate, in the volatile southern Russian republic of Dagestan following the death of Magomed Vagabov.
He was born September 4, 1968 in the village of Sanchi Kaitag in Dagestan. In 1998 Velijanov attended a military training camp in Chechnya ran by the legendary field commander Khattab. He took part in the Invasion of Dagestan and the Second Chechen War.
He became the Emir of the Vilayat Dagestan from 30 August 2010 until his death on April 18, 2011 during a security operation near the village of Tashkapur in Dagestan.

</doc>
<doc id="36654672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654672" title="Château Louis XIV">
Château Louis XIV

The Château Louis XIV is a château constructed between 2008 and 2011 in the commune of Louveciennes in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region.
Although it is a new construction, the Château Louis XIV meets the exact standards and rules of proportions and ornamentation established from Antiquity as they were regularly applied during the 17th century.
The Château Louis XIV is a historic construction project initiated by the real-estate development company Cogemad in 2008, with the same techniques and materials that were used in the 17th century. The construction method followed that of the châteaux built in the 17Ith century, on a virgin landscape using mainly the techniques from that period as they were practiced in Yvelines. Located between Versailles and Marly-le-Roi on a 23-hectare (57-acre) walled property, the Château Louis XIV is surrounded by moats and has a constructed surface area of 7,000 m2 (75,350 ft2), 5,000 m2 (53,800 ft2) of which are living space. 
Inspired by Emad Khashoggi, founder of Cogemad and restorer of the Palais Rose in Vésinet, a classified National Heritage Site, and the Château du Verduron located in Marly-le-Roi, the Château Louis XIV project, carried out on the property of the former Château du Camp in Louveciennes, aimed at the construction of a new monument; one that would boast all the comforts of the 21st century while preserving the aspect, the layout and the materials used in the 17th century.
History of the property.
In the late 17th century, the property where the current Château Louis XIV was built consisted of several plots of land, chestnut groves and woodland. In the early 18th century, the royal regiment was in charge of participating in a major excavation project in Marly-le-Roi. They thus decided to set up camp in an existing clearing on these very plots of land.
During this period, Louis XIV decided to build a palace in Marly-le-Roi nestled in a lush green setting; a place where he would regularly go to retreat and reside with a rare and privileged few to find the peace and quiet that he so lacked in Versailles.
Later, the highly prestigious Swiss Guards, assigned to ensure the security of the Château de Marly, also set up their camp on the property. Also known as the “Royal Regiment Camp” or the “Marly Camp,” the camp disappeared in the mid 18th century, and the Château de Marly suffered the tribulations of the French Revolution.
Rich with symbols and the functions for which they served under the reign of Louis XIV, this land has forever left its mark on the history of France.
In 1797, during a settlement, the camp and land that were part of the property were sold to Françoise-Suzanne Guyhon Monthaut who, in turn, sold them to the Vicomte Charles-Gilbert de Morel-Vindé and his wife in 1805.
The Vicomte Charles-Louis Terray de Morel-Vindé, counselor at the royal court in Paris, inherited the property following the death of his grandfather in 1842, and eventually sold it in 1848 to Jean-Pierre Blondi and Adélaïde Halguin, who had the first house and outbuildings built on the property.
The camp property became a large farm. Here, a cavalry regiment and several military companies would sometimes set up camp in what was then called “The camp farm” until 1863, when Doctor Duborgia, Mayor of Bougival, purchased and expanded the property.
In 1888, Charles-Emile Clerc, the new property owner following the death of Doctor Duborgia, undertook the demolition of the initial buildings which, over the years, had only undergone a few scarcely noticeable changes. Having acquired several plots of land, Charles-Emile Clerc was able to expand the property, which he transformed into a residential domain that boasted a lovely and grand bourgeois residence surrounded by extensive wooded grounds. 
The property remained in the family for over a century. During this time, it underwent a few modifications such as the addition of a stable, a caretaker’s house and a number of paths, before eventually being sold to a French couple in 1991. This would then give way to a succession owners…
Finally in 2008, Emad Khashoggi decided to undertake an unprecedented project; inspired by 17th-century architecture, it would restore the property’s noble heritage: The Château Louis XIV.
Emad Khashoggi’s project.
Emad Khashoggi, a French businessman of Saudi Arabian descent and the head of Cogemad since 1989, discovered the property in 2008. He was fascinated by the domain, its history and its unique location, but found the building on the property to be in very poor condition. He thus had it demolished so that new foundations could be built for the Château Louis XIV.
Khashoggi was pleased to see craftsmen with traditional skills work in harmony among state-of-the-art technicians. In an interview with Connaissance des Arts, he explained that he wanted to “give rise to a ‘new structure,’ for which one is able to create sustainable projects that will make their mark in the future as well as in the heritage of a region, a country.”
For the construction of the Château Louis XIV his company, Cogemad, employed an average of 120 workers every day, and included artisans such as: sculptors, mosaic artisans, painters, gilders, iron craftsmen, cabinetmakers, marble masons, landscapers, fibrous plasterers, clockmakers, bronze casting artisans, roofers, carpenters and coppersmiths. This sumptuously decorated residence boasts, among others, two master suites, several guest suites, numerous reception halls, two custom-made artisanal kitchens, a floor designed for recreational activities, an underwater room built in the heart of the moats – the only one of its kind in Europe – a movie theater, a wine cellar, etc.
The reception hall on the ground floor has pride of place in the rotunda drawing room, which is crowned with a ceiling painted in trompe-l’œil. It was inspired by the fresco conceived by Charles Le Brun for the Château de Vaux-le-Vicomte, and took master painters several months to create. This, in addition to the Apollo Fountain in the gardens, is one of the centerpieces of the château.
The trades and the artisans.
Numerous companies certified as Living Heritage Artisans and Companies took part in this project, which enabled them to train new craftsmen. The construction project brought together several age-old trades, which produced the following key works:
Stonemasonry.
They were used to make balusters, sculpted tables, fire pots and capitals for sculpted pilasters.
On display in the château’s "Garden à la française" is a stone-sculpted reproduction of the Chariot of Apollo from the fountain in Versailles. The smaller-scale copy of this sculpted group, designed for the king’s gardens by the artist Jean-Baptiste Tuby, retained the proportions and details of the original. It was then gilded in gold-leaf.
Marble.
The marble was crafted in various styles: delicate marquetry for the floors, mosaics for the garden level, book matched in the bathrooms, sculpted for the monumental statue of Louis XIV and molded for the Grand Siècle-style fireplaces. 
List of marbles used and their place of origin:
Cabinetmaking and joinery.
Many 17th-century decorations sculpted in wood embellish the interior. One of the centerpieces is found on the monumental entrance door sculpted entirely by hand in oak in high relief, and projects out by 17 cm (6.6 in). It depicts the Sun God on horse-back as a Roman Emperor crowned by Victory. This work was inspired by a model from the War Room at the Château de Versailles.
Clock-making.
For the façade of the château, Emad Khashoggi commissioned clock-makers to create a genuine monumental bronze and enamel clock identical to the one on the façade of the Château de Versailles.
Painting and decor.
Several of the ceilings in the reception halls and master suites depict themes that were dear to Louis XIV, and which are also often seen in Versailles. For instance, the imposing painted ceiling of the cupola in the main drawing room was influenced by an Allégoire de l’Aurore project that was conceived by Charles Le Brun for the Château de Vaux-le-Vicomte, but which never came to fruition.
Bronze casting.
Works include the creation of 17th-century lamps and decorative hardware inspired by numerous archives from the History of Fance, notably from the 17th century under the reign of Louis XIV.
Iron-working.
Works include numerous handmade curved banisters and balustrades reproduced from17th-century spirals and motifs. These assemblages are always created using tenons, mortises or pegs, without the slightest trace of welding, according to the finest French tradition.
Framework.
A traditional frame was constructed for the dome, which was assembled the old-fashioned way using a system of tenons and mortises.
Roofing.
In keeping with age-old techniques, the roofers hand-crafted the slate roof from Angers. The roof also boasts fire pots sculpted in stone and gilded metal spikes on the roof’s ridge beam.
The gardens.
The Château Louis XIV, nestled in an authentic lush green setting, is consistent with the standards of the 17th century, and its parks and gardens are no exception. In line with André Le Nôtre’s theories for the Château de Versailles and the Château de Vaux-le-Vicomte, the grounds pay tribute to the French-style gardens. It boasts flower beds and embroidered box hedges, plays on perspective, topiary yew trees clipped into small pyramids, a tree-lined labyrinth, a small farmhouse with goats, a vegetable garden, stables and even an English-style garden on the lower level, all in keeping with the natural outlines of the property where the château is located.

</doc>
<doc id="36654690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654690" title="Ryan Sissons">
Ryan Sissons

Ryan Sissons (born 24 June 1988) is a New Zealand triathlete. Born in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe Sissons represented New Zealand at the 2012 London Olympics in the triathlon where he finished 33rd.

</doc>
<doc id="36654694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654694" title="Silent Heaven">
Silent Heaven

Silent Heaven is a compilation album by composer C.W. Vrtacek, released on March 12, 1996 through Cuneiform Records. It comprises two of Vrtacek's out-of-print records, "Learning to Be Silent" and "When Heaven Comes to Town".
Release and reception.
Allmusic critic François Couture found Vrtacek's work to be "very aerial" and that "one can't help but think of Steve Hackett's "Bay of Kings": simple songs with beautiful melodies." He gave "Silent Heaven" three out of five stars, noting that "some will perceive it as lacking sustenance, but it is refreshing to hear Vrtacek away from the surf guitar licks."

</doc>
<doc id="36654697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654697" title="19th Saskatchewan Legislature">
19th Saskatchewan Legislature

The 19th Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan was elected in the Saskatchewan general election held in October 1978. The assembly sat from February 22, 1979 to March 29, 1982. The New Democratic Party (NDP) led by Allan Blakeney formed the government. The Progressive Conservative Party led by Richard Collver formed the official opposition. Eric Berntson replaced Collver as party leader in 1979.
John Edward Brockelbank served as speaker for the assembly.
Members of the Assembly.
The following members were elected to the assembly in 1978:
Notes:
Party Standings.
</table>
Notes:
By-elections.
By-elections were held to replace members for various reasons:
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="36654703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654703" title="William de Montfort">
William de Montfort

William de Montfort (also Mountfort) was an English medieval Canon law jurist, singer, dean, and university chancellor.
William de Montfort was a Professor or Doctor of Canon law. He was Chantor at Hereford Cathedral. During 1282–3, he was Chancellor of the University of Oxford. From 1285–94 he was Dean of St Paul's Cathedral in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36654704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654704" title="Van Gendt">
Van Gendt

Van Gendt is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36654707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654707" title="Government Degree College Sopore">
Government Degree College Sopore

Government Degree College Sopore is an educational institution located in the town of Sopore in the of Baramulla District of Jammu and Kashmir, India and is one of the reputed institutes in Jammu and Kashmir. The College was established in 1951 to provide higher education to the students of the area. It is one of the oldest institutes in the valley of Kashmir and is National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) accredited.
About college.
The Sopore College makes the following claims:
The college has one main building. The other buildings are geo science building, commerce and management studies building, laboratory building. The college has also a good library, with a good reading room where students read newspapers, magazines etc. There is also a good decorated auditorium.
Curriculum.
The college offers courses a wide range of courses, such as Arts, Sciences, Social Sciences, and Commerce and is affiliated with the University of Kashmir. It has also adding additional "add on" courses to their curriculum to meet the better meet the market needs for employed and self-employed works. The aim is to develop "career and market-oriented" training that broaden the students skill set.
Vision.
"Transform educational spectrum by providing quality education resulting in the development of competent and conscientious human resource to face the emerging
challenges at global level."
Mission.
The Government Degree College Sopore's mission is:
Noted archaeological find.
In 1990 a group of geology students studied soil strata with Dr. A.M. Dur and M.S. Lone and happened upon exposed elephant tusk in the village of Galandar in the Pulwama district. Further excavation resulting in the find of an additional elephant tusk, skull and other fossils and remains which were examined by Dr. Mohammad Ismail Bhat at Kashmir University. Stone tools found in the area and the presence of percussion marks on the elephant skull indicate that the elephant was killed by humans with primitive tools. The remains are considered to be at least 50,000 years old and may be as much as 10 million years old. The remains are the first clear evidence that there may have been human in South Asia during the Paleolithic age.

</doc>
<doc id="36654709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654709" title="Van Geneugden">
Van Geneugden

Van Geneugden is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36654711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654711" title="Katarzyna Wilk">
Katarzyna Wilk

Katarzyna Wilk (born 22 March 1992) is a Polish swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 27th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36654714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654714" title="Nastja Govejšek">
Nastja Govejšek

Nastja Govejšek is a Slovenian swimmer. Govejšek was born 15 July 1997 in Slovenia. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 28th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36654715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654715" title="Mylene Ong">
Mylene Ong

Mylene Ong is a Singaporean swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 29th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36654724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654724" title="Jade Howard">
Jade Howard

Jade Howard is a Zambian swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 39th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36654727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654727" title="Pavan Sukhdev">
Pavan Sukhdev

Pavan Sukhdev is an economist whose field of studies includes Green economy and international finances.He led the study The Economics of Ecosystems and Biodiversity (TEEB) and he is Founder-CEO of GIST Advisory, a specialist consulting firm which helps governments and corporations discover, measure, value, and manage their impacts on natural and human capital. He recent book "Corporation 2020" argues for a revision of corporation law.
Bio.
Pavan Sukhdev achieved a BA in Physics from the University of Oxford. He worked for Deutsche Bank as Mangaging Director. While at Deutsche Bank, Pavan Sukhdev had founded (2006) and then chaired Global Markets Centre - Mumbai, a leading-edge front-office offshoring company. He was Special Adviser and Head of UNEP’s Green Economy Initiative, and lead author of their report “Towards a Green Economy”. He was also Study Leader for the G8+5 commissioned project on The Economics of Ecosystems and Biodiversity (“TEEB”). 
Pavan Sukhdev was appointed to lead TEEB by the EU Commission and Germany, and delivered its “Interim Report” whilst still working full-time at Deutsche Bank in 2008. Pavan Sukhdev then took a sabbatical from the Bank to lead TEEB & the Green Economy Initiative for UNEP. He was speaker at the World Economic Forum meenting in Davos 2010 and 2011. He is Founder and CEO of the GIST Advisory consulting firm. He serves on the boards of Conservation International, Global Reporting Initiative, TEEB for Business Coalition, Gulbenkian Oceans Initiative (GOI) and the Stockholm Resilience Centre.(see: Resilience) 
He is a Goodwill Ambassador for UNEP. He is a Visiting fellow at Yale University, and wrote there his book “Corporation 2020”.
Awards.
“Environmental Finance” selected Pavan as their “Personality of the Year” for 2010. The Institute of Ecology and Environmental Management (IEEM) have awarded Pavan their 2011 Medal. Pavan is also one of the recipients of the 2013 Gothenburg Award for Sustainable Development, where he has been recognised for his work in the area of ‘Nature’s services and ingenious solutions. At Yale University, where he was awarded the 2011 McCluskey Fellowship.
Corp 2020 (book).
Pavan Sukhdev is author of the book "Corporation 2020", Transforming Business for Tomorrows world, Island Press (296 pages)
Content.
The book claims, that the corporations in economic environment are behaving merly egoistic and ignoring the situation beyond their institution. The film and book "The Corporation" shows this in a thick description. Pavan Sukhdev calls this egoistic corporation "corporation 1920". 
One decisive landmark in the development of the Corporation 1920 is the case Dodge v. Ford Motor Company at Michigan Supreme Court 1919, which defined the major purpose of a corporation in making money for the shareholders. It is therefore a useful strategy for the corporation to externalize their costs as much as possible and invest only for the benefit of the shareholders. The strategies for successful "corporations 1920" are:
The book argues for a change in business culture and calls this new model corporation 2020. Four major objectives are important for the Corporation 2020: 
The first three arguments are apparently different from the (egoistic) "Corporation 1920", but the last seems not be new. But the concept of capital in Corporation 2020 is an expanded concept of capital, that also include, social, cultural, natural or human capital. From a "brown economy" to sustainable green economy
Movement: Corp 2020.
The book is followed by the movement Corp2020. 
events of this movement see: "Corporations in a great transition" roundtable event. Organized by: Tellus Institute and the MIT Sloan School of Management.

</doc>
<doc id="36654728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654728" title="Bayan Jumah">
Bayan Jumah

Bayan Jumah is a Syrian swimmer from Aleppo. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 40th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals. ٍShe has a height of 184 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="36654731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654731" title="Van Gestel">
Van Gestel

van Gestel is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36654734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654734" title="Karen Riveros">
Karen Riveros

Karen Nathalia Riveros Schulz is a Paraguayan swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 41st place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36654737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654737" title="Britany van Lange">
Britany van Lange

Britany Van Lange is a Guyanese swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 42nd place overall in the heats, coming close to qualifying for the semifinals. Just prior to the Olympics she had attended the 2012 Carifta Swimming Championships in the Bahamas. This talented young swimmer attends The Bishops' High School and is currently in Grade 11 or form 5 majoring in Science. An avid reader of all things good. These incredible books include: - Hunger Games, Push, The Mortal Instruments Series and the Hush Hush Series. A swimmer from the age of 10 years old; she is a member of the Dorado Swim Club and shares this status with Athena Gaskin, Omari Dunn, Hannibal Gaskin,Omar and many other national swimmers. 
At the age of 16 years old, she has attended 4 Goodwill Games. This was only accomplished with the great help of her mother, Kamala Van Lange, her coach and her sister, Sherry Van Lange.

</doc>
<doc id="36654739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654739" title="Reshika Udugampola">
Reshika Udugampola

Reshika Udugampola is a Sri Lankan swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 44th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36654741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654741" title="Magdalena Moshi">
Magdalena Moshi

Magdalena Moshi (born 30 November 1990) is a Tanzanian swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 45th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36654747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654747" title="German submarine U-285">
German submarine U-285

German submarine "U-285" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
The submarine was laid down on 7 July 1942 at the "Bremer Vulkan" yard at Bremen-Vegesack as 'werk' 50. She was launched on 3 April 1943 and commissioned on 15 May under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Otto Walter.
Service history.
"U-285" served with the 8th U-boat Flotilla for training from May to July 1944 and operationally with the 7th flotilla from 1 August. She was then reassigned to the 11th flotilla on 1 October. She carried out three patrols, sinking no ships.
The boat's first patrol was preceded by a short voyage from Kiel on 15 August 1944 to Kristiansand in Norway, arriving there on 20 August.
1st and 2nd patrols.
"U-285"s first patrol proper took her to northwest Scotland. She docked at Bergen on 18 September 1944.
Her second sortie was west of Ireland and into the St. George's Channel, (between southeast Ireland and southwest Wales). She had passed between Iceland and the Faroe Islands and into the Atlantic Ocean. The submarine returned to Bergen on 31 January 1945.
3rd patrol and loss.
The boat was attacked and sunk by depth charges dropped from the British frigates and on 15 April 1945 southwest of Ireland.
Forty-four men died; there were no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="36654748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654748" title="Mareme Faye">
Mareme Faye

Mareme Faye is a Senegalese swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 46th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36654751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654751" title="Genki Dean">
Genki Dean

Roderick Genki Dean (born 30 December 1991) is a Japanese athlete that competes in the javelin throw. He was born to a Japanese mother and a British father from Chester-le-Street, England.
He started throwing the javelin at age 15 in high school and immediately displayed an aptitude for the discipline. He won a silver medal at the 2010 World Junior Championships in Athletics throwing a new personal best of 76.44 m. He first came to prominence at the 2012 Japan Championships in Athletics, throwing 84.03 m, setting a new championship record, beating veteran Yukifumi Murakami and sealing his place in the Japanese team for the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Javelin throw. He was selected as the Most Valuable Male Athlete of the Japanese Championships. At the 2012 Olympics he threw 82.07m to qualify from the heats, but could not improve on this and finished 10th in the final with 79.95m.

</doc>
<doc id="36654753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654753" title="Ayouba Ali Sihame">
Ayouba Ali Sihame

Ayouba Ali Sihame is a Comorian swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 48th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36654768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654768" title="Provincial League (disambiguation)">
Provincial League (disambiguation)

Provincial League may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36654769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654769" title="Ibragimkhalil Daudov">
Ibragimkhalil Daudov

Ibragimkhalil Daudov (11 November 1960 – 14 February 2012) also known as Emir Salikh was the militant leader of the Vilayat Dagestan in Dagestan after the death of Israpil Velijanov.
Ibragimkhalil reportedly joined Vilayat Dagestan in 2008. After serving time in Azerbaijan for possession of weapons, Daudov returned to his native village of Gubden where he was placed under police surveillance. After his house caught fire, the villagers found a hidden weapons cache on the premises, Ibragimkhalil took with him his three sons and joined the militant group lead by Magomed Vagabov. He eventually became the leader of the group from 9 May 2011 until his death.
Russian investigators say Daudov brought his wife and another woman to Moscow in 2009 to carry out a suicide attack on people celebrating New Year's Eve near the Kremlin, but their bomb exploded hours earlier in a Moscow suburb. Daudov's wife was killed in the explosion and several people were arrested.
On 10 February 2012 Russian security forces attacked a house that contained a number of militants including Ibragimkhalil. On 14 February 2012 Ibragimkhalil Daudov was found dead in a river near the village of Gurbuki. He had apparently escaped from the scene of the earlier operation but died of his wounds and exposure. All three of his sons were killed fighting the security forces; Mohammed Daudov in the summer of 2009, Magomedshapi Daudov in April 2010 and Magamedhabib Daudov in February 2012 in the same operation that resulted in the death of their father.

</doc>
<doc id="36654771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654771" title="1884–85 Bolton Wanderers F.C. season">
1884–85 Bolton Wanderers F.C. season

The 1881–82 season was due to be the fourth season in which Bolton Wanderers competed in a senior competitive football competition. The club originally entered the FA Cup and were drawn to play Preston Zingari. However, both clubs withdrew due to a professional argument with The Football Association.

</doc>
<doc id="36654773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654773" title="Hamburg Chamber of Commerce">
Hamburg Chamber of Commerce

The Hamburg Chamber of Commerce ("Handelskammer Hamburg") is the chamber of commerce for the city state of Hamburg, and was founded in 1665, originally named the "Commerz-Deputation". Hamburg has for centuries been a commercial centre of Northern Europe, and the Hamburg Chamber of Commerce currently has 160,000 companies as its members. The chamber has several official responsibilities. The Hamburg Stock Exchange (founded in 1558) is owned by and subordinate to the Hamburg Chamber of Commerce. The chamber has its offices in the old stock exchange building.
The Commerz-Deputation, founded in 1665, originally consisted of seven members, elected among the city's "honourable merchants." Each member became President of the Commerz-Deputation during his last year in office. The Commerz-Deputation was officially recognised by the Hamburg council (senate) in 1674 as the representation of the city's merchants. From 1710, all the seven members of the Commerz-Deputation were also "ex officio" members of the "Erbgesessene Bürgerschaft" (the Hamburg Parliament). The Commerz-Deputation was, along with council/senate and "Bürgerschaft", one of the most important political bodies of Hamburg. 
In 1735, the "Commerzbibliothek" (Library of Commerce) was founded, and is the oldest library of its kind. In 1867, the Commerz-Deputation was transformed into Hamburg Chamber of Commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="36654774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654774" title="Nita Mehta">
Nita Mehta

Nita Mehta is an Indian celebrity chef, author, restaurateur and media personality, known for her cookbooks, cooking classes and as a celebrity judge on cooking based television shows. 
Mehta has authored more than 400 cookbooks of which 6 million copies have been sold worldwide. In 1999, she won the "Best Asian Cookbook Award" for her book "Flavours of Indian Cooking" at the "World Cookbook Fair" in Paris.
Career.
Author.
Mehta has been called a "Cooking Expert" and "Nutrition Expert" in the media. She has authored more than 400 cookbooks of which 6 million copies have been sold worldwide. In 1999, she won the "Best Asian Cookbook Award" for her book "Flavours of Indian Cooking" at the "World Cookbook Fair" in Paris. Other notable books include "Indian Cooking With Olive Oil", "Vegetarian Chinese", "Zero Oil Cooking", "Diabetes Delicacies", "101 Recipes for Children", and "The Best of Chicken and Paneer". Until recently, cookery shelves in Indian bookstores used to be the monopoly of Mehta along with fellow chef-cum-authors Sanjeev Kapoor and Tarla Dalal. In recent years they have started facing competition from regional authors.
Entrepreneurship.
Nita Mehta herself runs a culinary academy known as "Nita Mehta Culinary Academy" in New Delhi, started in 2001. Apart from the original campus set up by Mehta, the academy runs on a franchise model. Courses include those for fast food, traditional Indian meals, picnic packs, "low-calorie snacks", salads, desserts, chocolates, confectionery as well as "healthy heart" recipes. In recent years, the academy has seen a rise in people wanting to learn international cuisines such as Burmese, Lebanese, Japanese and Singaporean according to Mehta. Nita owns a publishing house, "SNAB Publishers" many of whose books are authored by Nita herself. 
In 2012, Mehta turned restaurateur with the launch of her restaurant "Kelong" in Ludhiana.
Celebrity Appearances.
Several banks have chosen Nita Mehta's cooking classes among other events of interest to women to disseminate information related to personal finance, based on a Reserve Bank of India directive in 2004. Panasonic organised an event in Coimbatore in 2004 where Nita Mehta was invited to share recipes for microwave cooking to promote the same. In 2007, Kurkure, a brand of ready-to-eat snacks owned by Pepsico ran a recipe contest which was judged by Nita Mehta. In 2010, Mehta was roped in by Hamdard Laboratories to create new mocktail and dessert recipes for Rooh Afza, their all season summer drink, which were used in a new marketing campaign. Also in 2010, "Step by Step" a school in Panchsheel, New Delhi consulted Mehta who provided a menu which was handed over to parents as a guide to food which should be packed for students going to the school. Nita Mehta has judged several cooking contests, such as "Mallika-e-Kitchen 2011" which culminated at JW Marriott in Chandigarh. Later in 2011, Mehta appeared on the television cooking contest MasterChef India as a judge.

</doc>
<doc id="36654777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654777" title="Mads Eriksen (musician)">
Mads Eriksen (musician)

Mads Eriksen (born 12 October 1962 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian guitarist and composer, known as solo artist and for his cooperation with Chris Thompson among others.
Career.
Eriksen was born in Bergen and picked up the guitar at twelve, and started the band «Lorraine» in 1976 together with schoolmates (including keyboardist Hans-Petter Isaksen & bassist Roar Nilson) from Nattland primary school. He got the role as "local guitar hero" inspired by Jimi Hendrix and Stones guitarist Keith Richards, playing at school dances. He continued appearing in various local bands, including «Sharks & Whales» (the continuation of «Lorraine» now including Hans-Petter Isaksen & bassist Ole Vaksdal) with the album "Reaped by Man" released in 1988.
After being labeled "A cross between Joe Satriani and Eddie Van Halen" by the "Guitar Player Magazine" in 1989, Eriksen has embarked on a solo recording career together with producer and bassist Frank Hovland. In 1989 he debuted as a solo artist with the album "Journey", and has released a total of eight solo albums since then. Among other releases is the album "Rediscovery" which was released together with previous Manfred Mann's Earth Band guitarist and vocalist Chris Thompson.
In 1993 Eriksen was invited to contribute to the 150th anniversary of Edvard Grieg's birth. The result was a mini-CD called "Intermission Troldhaugen" (1993), where he interpreted six compositions by Grieg on electric guitar. This was also the year Eriksen participated in the band "Jordal Express" with Helge Jordal, Gisle Johnsen, Eirik «Pytten» Hundvin and Magne Lunde. The following year he was appointed musical ambassador of Norway in the U.S.
Eriksen has also performed with Bergen Philharmonic Orchestra among other symphony orchestras. In the spring of 2009 he toured with Ronni Le Tekrø (TNT) og Terje Rypdal under the name N3 (short for Norwegian Three).
Eriksen has been working full-time as a guitarist and guitar teacher since 1988. In addition to many private students, he has taught in the municipal musical schools in Bergen and Sund. From 1989 he held a permanent position as part-time teacher of electric guitar at Voss Folk High School until 2001. Since 1994 he has been frequently used as teacher at the Bergen College of Education, Åsane Folk High School, Voss high school and Kongshaug music college.

</doc>
<doc id="36654796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654796" title="Karina Pérez">
Karina Pérez

Karina Pérez (born October 4, 1982 in Tlaxcala) is a Mexican long-distance runner. At the 2008 Summer Olympics, she finished 61st in the women's marathon. She competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 50th with a time of 2:33:30.

</doc>
<doc id="36654799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654799" title="Sorabh Pant">
Sorabh Pant

Sorabh Pant is an Indian stand-up comedian and writer. Sorabh Pant is one of India’s most successful comedians, having done over 250 shows in over 17 cities. He has been rated amongst India’s top 10 stand-up comedians by The Times of India. The Bollywood actor Hrithik Roshan has dubbed him as "the funniest guy on stage". In a poll by IBN Live in March 2012, he was listed #1 in the 30 most interesting Twitter users in India.
Career.
Pant started off as a writer for TV. In March 2008, he met Vir Das and they did a show together, on CNBC-TV18 called, ‘News on The Loose'. His career in comedy took off when he started as the opening act for Vir Das's show, ‘Walking On Broken Das', later that year. After working with Das for three-and-a-half years, he did his first solo act at HQ. In November 2009, he became one of just three Indian comedians to hit auditoriums with his solo show, “Pant on Fire”.
In July 2011, when Wayne Brady toured India, Pant did the opening act for him.
In November 2011, Pant opened for American actor and comedian, Rob Schneider on his India tour.
Pant released his debut novel 'The Wednesday Soul' in December 2011.
Pant On Fire.
'Pant of Fire' is Sorabh Pant's first comedy special which has been staged in, more than 10 cities in India, Dhaka, Dubai, and will hit the shores of North America in November 2012. It was the second most toured stand-up comedy show in India in 2011.
Traveling Pants.
‘Traveling Pants’ is Sorabh Pant’s second comedy special that takes on cultures and people in India and around the world. In July 2012, ‘Traveling Pants’ became the second show by an Indian comedian to be showcased at the coveted Comedy Store, Mumbai.
The East India Co.medy.
In 2012, Pant founded ‘The East India Co.medy’, India’s busiest comedy company, and over the next year, recruited some of India's top comedians, including Kunal Rao, Sapan Verma, Sahil Shah, Atul Khatri, and Azeem Banatwalla.
The East India Co.medy did a record 130 shows across the country in the calendar year 2013, including the acclaimed specials "Men Are From Bars" and "Comedy News Network".
Comedic style.
Pant's material has been described as, “over the top”, “manic”, and occasionally, “marginally unstable.”
Wayne Brady, who Pant has opened for, has said "He's the second brilliant Indian comedian I've seen, after Russell Peters."
Pant's jokes take a dig at communities and involve a lot of sex — two things as he says that work “big time” in India. Pant also does impersonations of communities and several of his jokes are about women. Pant says “I am a home-grown comedian. I have the Indian sensibility". He’s also been working on a lot of material that revolves around politics, pun-ny material and Indian-isms.
The Wednesday Soul.
The book was published by Westland Books.

</doc>
<doc id="36654802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654802" title="Adelong Station">
Adelong Station

Adelong or Adelong Station is a pastoral lease and sheep station located about west of Menzies and south west of Leonora in the Goldfields of Western Australia.
The station adjoins Goongarrie National Park, which was also once a station that was taken up in 1924 but that was never developed as it was too difficult to establish watering points. Adelong is currently owned and managed by the Menzies Aboriginal Corporation. Adelong is operating under the Crown Lease number CL186-1969 and has the Land Act number LA3114/801.
Lake Ballard is on the northern boundary of the station. The property has a mix of Mulga, saltbush and bluebush as well as native grasses suitable for feed.
The station occupied an area of in 1929 and had five wells, each with its own windmill attached. At the time, the property was only stocked with 200 head of cattle and 20 horses and it ws sold for £7000 to Messrs. Camera and Maitland. The pair had previously owned two large properties in the Gascoyne, Eudamullah and Arthur River, which they had sold. They intended to convert Adelong to a sheep run.
Mr C. Bloxam owned the station in 1939 and bought 25 Bungaree blood rams for the property and made several small sales of wool in that year.
The station was put up for auction in 1940.
Charles Burrows took over Adelong in 1948, by which time its area was , but had been abandoned for some years. Burrows intended to stock the station with 400 cattle and 2000 sheep but had noted the abundance of artesian water available at the property.

</doc>
<doc id="36654810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654810" title="Erika Abril">
Erika Abril

Erika Abril Suárez (born March 29, 1978 in San José de Pare, Boyacá) is a Colombian long-distance runner. She competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 51st with a time of 2:33:33, a Colombian national record.

</doc>
<doc id="36654815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654815" title="Doctors for Global Health">
Doctors for Global Health

Doctors for Global Health (DGH) is a private, not-for-profit, non-governmental organization promoting health, education, art and other human rights throughout the world.
DGH’s stated mission is “To improve health and foster other human rights with those most in need by accompanying communities, while educating and inspiring others to action.” The work of this organization is guided by a series of core values outlined in the DGH Principles of Action document.
History.
The El Salvador Civil War.
From 1979 to 1992, widespread violence swept over the small Central American country of El Salvador, immersed at the time in a brutal civil war. The decade-long war produced devastating effects throughout the country, during which countless violations of human rights were perpetuated, with more than 75,000 people killed, and many others disappeared or forced into exile.
The civilian population of many guerrilla-controlled areas were assumed the enemy and suffered brutal war crimes, murders, killings and disappearances. One of these war-torn areas was the department of Morazán in northeastern El Salvador. It was in this isolated region that, in the aftermath of the war, several medical volunteers with Medecins du Monde were accompanying local communities, working on a “Health as Reconciliation project”, rebuilding lives and working with health promotors.
The community work inspired a new discipline called Liberation Medicine, and resulted in the creation of the Salvadoran association Campesinos para el Desarrollo Humano (Peasants for Human Development). Dr. Lanny Smith was among the group of volunteers accompanying these communities who concluded that a new organization was needed to attend to the needs of these people in their struggle to implement primary health care and public health services. In July 1995, DGH was founded and incorporated in Georgia as a 501(C)3 tax-exempt charitable organization. The foundation of DGH was underpinned by a philosophy that stressed the promotion of health and human rights around the globe.
Overview.
Hundreds of people of varied backgrounds and areas of expertise have assisted with the work of DGH both at home and abroad, including health workers, teachers, artists, students, and many others. Today, with a global membership of over 5000 people, DGH offers many opportunities for people to participate in its mission to improve health and social justice around the world, both locally and internationally.
Organizational Structure.
DGH is an all-volunteer 501(c)3 NGO founded in 1995 and based in Atlanta, Georgia. There is no office or paid staff in the US; phone, fax, and travel expenses to volunteer overseas, attend board meetings and the Annual DGH General Assembly are all donated. Board members and members from around the world carry out the work of the organization, both domestically (e.g. through committee work) and internationally. The board of directors, international volunteers, and general membership include health providers (doctors, nurses, physical and occupational therapists, paramedics, and students in these disciplines), teachers, psychologists, engineers, artists, lawyers, and dedicated people from all walks of life.
Anyone who agrees with and affirms DGH’s mission and principles can become a member. There is no membership fee. A DGH member who has been actively involved in the organization for at least a year, upon approval by the board, can become a voting member.
DGH has a very active 18-member board and up to three board alternates who are elected by the DGH voting membership to serve 3-year terms. Six board members are elected each year to provide continuity while allowing new board members to be elected. Board members convene biannual board meetings in addition to monthly conference calls.
Funding.
As a registered charity, DGH mainly receives funds from individual donors who support its mission and goals. DGH is also supported by private foundations. DGH follows specific guidelines regarding foundation and corporate support that reflect the DGH principles of action, which state that ‘DGH is vigilant to ensure that its projects, programs, affiliations, and fund raising efforts don’t involve even subtle compromise of its values.’ DGH does not seek any government funds and does not allow more than thirty percent of funding to come from any one source. Board members and international volunteers pay all of their own expenses, including airfare, room and board. This allows 92 percent of DGH funds to go directly to its program activities.
Organizational Philosophy.
Principles of Action.
DGH has its own principles of action, which outline the basics of the organization’s values, among these 10 principles are references to the use of artistic expression within the organization’s work and commitments towards advocacy and social justice. 
Guided by these principles, DGH works locally and internationally at the synergy of health, human rights, education and art
Liberation Medicine.
DGH defends an inextricable link between health and human rights through the practice of “liberation medicine”, defined as the "The conscious, conscientious use of health to promote human dignity and social justice."
DGH uses liberation medicine as a means to seek ways for making a concrete, positive difference in people's lives by accompanying them in the process of attaining their own freedom and life-improvement, not ‘liberating' them.
The distinction between liberation and development is important to the work of DGH. Development has acquired a negative connotation in recent years because it usually implies a connection to groups that are closely tied to organizations and governments that control the world economy. DGH employs liberation medicine so that the poor can decide what they need and are empowered to explore different ways of achieving their goals. Once the poor are empowered, true development and liberation for health and healing can occur. By using studied action, DGH seeks ways for making a concrete, positive difference in people’s lives by accompanying them in the process of attaining their own freedom and life-improvement, not ‘liberating’ them. Central to the concept of Liberation Medicine is the act of community accompaniment and treating people with respect.
Members of the DGH community have been instrumental in presenting the ideals of Liberation Medicine at many venues. For example, DGH members conducted the first comprehensive Liberation Medicine Workshop at the American Public Health Association (APHA) Annual Conference in 1999. DGH has organized workshops and presentations on Liberation Medicine at subsequent APHA conferences, as well as at many other meetings and universities around the world.
Community Accompaniment.
DGH works with marginalized populations through community accompaniment. According to DGH, this term implies “being invited rather than arriving without prior community knowledge or approval, as well as a participatory process with the community rather than imposing our way of thinking or doing things.” DGH only works in areas where it has received a written invitation by the local population, who determine their own priorities.
The combination of capacity-building and friendship-building of volunteers is an essential component of the organization, which can be differentiated by the work of other organizations in that it seeks to build long-term solutions with communities where DGH is invited to work.
Advocacy.
DGH works with its global partners and other organizations to bear witness for human rights and against human rights violations. Advocacy work is carried out through various means including educational articles, position statements, and activism. As stated on the official organization webpage, DGH prioritizes its work to focus on the following:
• Human rights violations and local policies that negatively influence or affect the communities that we accompany;
• Universal health care access. We join in solidarity with groups with which we are affiliated and support and encourage the advocacy work of the People's Health Movement to promote the right to health care for all in our own country and abroad;
• Highlight the human and other costs of wars, and gross human rights violations by the United States;
• Immigration issues nationally and internationally.
The DGH Human Rights and Advocacy Committee leads an ongoing series of campaigns on these and other topics. Recently, DGH has joined in letters of solidarity and action items for death threats and assassinations of community activists in El Salvador. DGH supports the DREAM Act and other immigrants’ rights issues, supports the work of SOA Watch, Office of the Americas and others in the peace movement, and believes healthcare is a human right for all. DGH strongly supports the Occupy Wall Street Movement, and its members are involved in Occupy Public Health.
DGH Projects and Activities Worldwide.
Morazan, El Salvador.
DGH was born out of work that began in the communities of La Estancia, El Salvador in the mid 1990s. This remote mountainous area was heavily affected by loss and destruction during the country's twelve-year civil war. In 2001, members of the community joined together to form La Asociación de Campesinos para el Desarrollo Humano (Peasants for Human Development, C.D.H.), which was officially recognized as a Salvadoran nonprofit organization in August 2004. Today, DGH supports C.D.H. as it runs the local community health center and six early childhood development centers as well as broader community health and development projects.
Santa Marta, El Salvador.
Santa Marta is a rural community in the Department of Cabañas. DGH supports the work of the Community Rehabilitation Center, currently managed by two community health promoters. The Center has evolved since the 1990s to provide a wide array of services including physical therapy and other body work techniques, specifically developed to address the needs of war wounded, injured, and people suffering from chronic muskuloskeletal conditions. DGH has consistently provided volunteer medical students and other health care providers to work alongside Salvadoran physicians, health promoters, and other staff at the Ministry of Health Clinic. Additionally, DGH also raises funds for COCOSI (COmite COntra SIda), a youth led organization which uses theater and role playing to educate their peers and adults on the risk of HIV and sexually transmitted disease, together with gender related issues. Recently, COCOSI received international recognition for their work when they were awarded the 2010 Red Ribbon Award as a group demonstrating outstanding community leadership and action in reducing the spread and impact of AIDS.
Chiapas, Mexico.
DGH has been present in Chiapas since receiving an invitation by the local community in 1996. Here, DGH works with 6 of the Zapatista autonomous municipalities. The work consists of teaching health promoters and conducting public health work, together with an in-country coordinator: Dr. Juan Manuel Canales. The 2006 Jonathan Mann Award for Health and Human Rights was recently awarded to Dr Canales for his lifelong dedication to building community health services and speaking out against the violations of human rights among marginalized and excluded communities.
Uganda.
DGH has been involved in Southwest Uganda since 1999, when it partnered with the Mbarara University of Science and Technology (MUST), one of only 2 Ugandan medical schools at that time. Today, the DGH collaboration currently sponsors a range of initiatives, including nursing and village health worker programs as well as cervical cancer screening, psychiatry and disability initiatives.
Guatemala.
In the fall of 2007, DGH was approached by a Guatemalan NGO, Primeros Pasos. Working in Quetzaltenango, Primeros Pasos provides comprehensive health care services to the poor indigenous community in the Palajunoj valley nearby. DGH directs qualified interested volunteers to this site to support the day-to-day functioning of the Primeros Pasos clinic.
Burundi.
In 2008, DGH was invited to join a community project called Village Health Works in the town of Kigutu (Burundi) to provide community service experience, introduce the liberation medicine approach, and to help recruit humble expert volunteers to assist. DGH has since then been promoting health and social justice in Kigutu.
Oaxaca.
In Tehuantepec, Oaxaca, Doctors for Global Health works in partnership with El Centro Popular de Apoyo y Formación para La Salud (CEPAFOS- The Community Center for Health Training and Support). For over two decades, CEPAFOS has provided greatly needed health services to the marginalized populations of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, recovering ancestral knowledge of medicinal plants and natural therapies, and organizing and training groups of health promoters throughout the diverse regions of the Isthmus. Ongoing health promoter training takes place in 6 geographic regions, with over 150 health promoters. There is also a medical clinic in the city of Tehuantepec which offers allopathic medical care integrated with indigenous medicines and therapies such as massage and acupuncture. The promotion of traditional healing practices as natural and inexpensive alternatives to conventional medicine is the cornerstone of the vision of CEPAFOS to empower communities to strengthen their own wellbeing, and embodies the mission to put “la salud en manos del pueblo”
United States – education and advocacy.
In the United States, DGH offers many opportunities to volunteer for the organization on a local level. Domestic volunteers can dedicate their time to the work of different committees such as the Development and Finance Committee, the Human Rights and Advocacy Committee, the Communications Committee or the International Volunteer Committee.
Additionally, DGH promotes the work of local groups in the US. The Tulane University School of Medicine student branch takes part in volunteer activities throughout the community and hosts educational events at the Medical and Public Health Schools. DGH-Los Angeles continues to work with other advocacy groups locally on immigrants’ rights issues, the peace movement, and campaigns to advance healthcare for all.
Europe.
In 2007, DGH members in Europe convened to form ‘DGH-Europe’. The primary goal of the group is to support the work of DGH by taking action at a local level and to promote the organization in Europe, building networks with other like-minded groups. DGH-Europe is committed to raising funds to support existing projects and to assist in the recruitment of volunteers. DGH-Europe has hosted a number of events in France, Italy and Spain.
Affiliations.
People's Health Movement: 
In December 2000, five representatives from DGH traveled to Bangladesh to join over 1,500 activists from more than 94 countries in the first People’s Health Assembly. The gathering culminated in the writing of the People’s Charter for Health, of which DGH was a co-signer.
DGH continues to work closely with People's Health Movement to promote human rights internationally.
DGH works jointly with members of the Italian NGO Psicologi per I Popoli on several projects focused on improving the mental health of the communities in which DGH has a presence.
External links.
Doctors for Global Health http://www.dghonline.org (official website)
CoCoSI http://www.cocosi.org
Primeros Pasos http://www.primerospasos.org/
People's Health Movement http://www.phmovement.org
Psicologi Per i Populi http://www.psicologiperipopoli.it/
DGH Publications.
DGH Reporter Newsletter:
Doctors for Global Health 1995-2005 Retrospective
Social Media.
DGH’s Facebook Page:
Video clips.
DGH’s YouTube channel

</doc>
<doc id="36654817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654817" title="Faaso's">
Faaso's

Faaso's ("Fanatic Activism Against Substandard Occidental Shit") is an Indian fast food chain that primarily sells wraps.
History.
Co-founder Jaydeep Barman thought of the idea for Faaso's based on the Kati rolls he had seen in his hometown of Kolkata, West Bengal. Barman says, "I was fascinated by the concept of rolls. It's a bit like a pizza, except that it's not flat. And it is so versatile. You can wrap anything under the sun".
Barman graduated from IIM Lucknow in 1999 and moved to Pune, Maharashtra to work for Brainvisa Technologies. In Pune, Barman met Kallol Banerjee who was also an alumnus of IIM Lucknow. Barman and Banerjee founded Faaso's as a part-time business in 2004. Another IIM Lucknow alumnus and an old friend of Barman's, Anand Lunia, provided them with an initial investment of . Two more friends of the co-founders, Siddharth Joshi and Biswanath Chakraborty, were put in charge of the day-to-day operations.
Locations.
As of May 2014, Faaso's operates 64 outlets in 4 cities of India - Pune, Mumbai Bangalore and Ahmedabad.

</doc>
<doc id="36654821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654821" title="Philip Bernard (disambiguation)">
Philip Bernard (disambiguation)

Philip Bernard was a wrestler.
Philip Bernard may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36654824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654824" title="Wilma Arizapana">
Wilma Arizapana

Wilma Yanet Arizapana Yucra (born October 1, 1982 in Chupa, Puno) is a Peruvian long-distance runner. She competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 55th with a time of 2:35:09. Also she won the bronze in the 2013 Bolivarian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36654838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654838" title="International Medical Admissions Test">
International Medical Admissions Test

The International Medical Admissions Test (IMAT), sometimes incorrectly referred to as the "Italian Medical Admissions Test", is an aptitude test used as part of the admissions process for some Italian universities. These universities, with the Italian Ministry of Education, Universities and Research (MIUR), offer undergraduate courses that are taught in English and open to applicants outside of Italy.
Participants.
The following Universities offer a number of places for both home and overseas students to study medicine as part of this initiative: 
Applicants for the existing courses taught in Italian currently take an Italian admissions test (developed by the Italian Commission), with the available places awarded to those scoring highest on the test. In 2011, MIUR asked Cambridge Assessment’s Admissions Testing Service to develop and deliver the English language equivalent of this Italian admissions test. The English-language version is called the International Medical Admissions Test (IMAT).
Format and Timing.
The test consists of the following two sections:
Candidates are allowed a total of 90 minutes to complete the test. All questions have five options, of which one is correct. A correct answer awards 1.5 point, a blank answer 0 points and a wrong answer subtracts 0.4 points from the final score. A 20 points minimum threshold was set by MIUR in order to be positioned in the final ranking list. 
The IMAT usually takes place in September, although in 2013 it is scheduled for April 15.

</doc>
<doc id="36654845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654845" title="My Life and Times with Antonin Artaud">
My Life and Times with Antonin Artaud

My Life and Times with Antonin Artaud () is a 1993 French film, directed by Gérard Mordillat. It is based on Jacques Prevel's 1974 novel of the same name. It follows Prevel's journal of a two-year friendship with Antonin Artaud until his death in 1948
Plot.
After nine years of being locked up, Antonin Artaud (Sami Frey) is released from the asylum at Rodez, and returns to Paris with his friends. One of his friends, Jacques Prevel (Marc Barbé) is a young poet, and follows Artaud in his wanders between the nursing home at Ivry and Saint Germain-des-Prés, while pursuing the same quest for poetry, drugs, and the absolute. Prevel becomes a disciple, pusher, and companion toward Artaud, whose story he relates in a chronicle that leads up to his death two years later. In post-war Paris where he lives sometimes in misery and suffering, Prevel shares his life between two women, Rolande (Valérie Jeannet) and Jany (Julie Jézéquel), while at the same time continuing his attachment to Antonin Artaud, the man who is his only friend.
Reception.
Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a rating of 6.9/10 from 6 reviews and 83% on the tomatometer.
Emanuel Levy from Variety Film Reviews praised Sami Frey's performance in the film ""Sami Frey gives such an astonishingly intense performance that his portrait of the genius and madness of the famed French poet/intellectual is far more insightful than that offered in the current documentary""
Washington Post also praises Frey's spectacular performance, comparing him to Marlon Brando

</doc>
<doc id="36654848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654848" title="Jon Kyong-hui">
Jon Kyong-hui

Jon Kyong-hui (born December 12, 1986 in Pyongyang) is a North Korean long-distance runner. She competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 56th with a time of 2:35:17.

</doc>
<doc id="36654859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654859" title="Sibusiso Matsenjwa">
Sibusiso Matsenjwa

Sibusiso Matsenjwa (born 2 May 1988 in Lubombo, Swaziland) is a Swazi athlete. He competed in the 200 m event at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London where he broke the national 200m record with a time of 20.93 even though he was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="36654875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654875" title="Rehaset Mehari">
Rehaset Mehari

Rehaset Mehari (born March 5, 1989 in Agertsiot) is an Eritrean long-distance runner. She competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 59th with a time of 2:35:49.

</doc>
<doc id="36654885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654885" title="Phumlile Ndzinisa">
Phumlile Ndzinisa

Phumlile Ndzinisa (born 21 August 1992 in Hhohho, Swaziland) is a Swazi athlete. She competed in the 400 m event at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London where she was eliminated in the first round but broke the national women's 400m record with 53.95 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="36654889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654889" title="Prechtel">
Prechtel

Prechtel is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36654904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654904" title="1885–86 Bolton Wanderers F.C. season">
1885–86 Bolton Wanderers F.C. season

The 1885–86 season was the fourth season in which Bolton Wanderers competed in a senior competitive football competition. The club entered the FA Cup in October 1885, but were knocked out in the third round by Preston North End and subsequently disqualified for professionalism.

</doc>
<doc id="36654905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654905" title="Iuliia Andreeva">
Iuliia Andreeva

Iuliia Andreeva née Arkhipova (born March 7, 1984 in Bishkek) is a Kyrgyzstani long-distance runner. She competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 60th with a time of 2:36:01.

</doc>
<doc id="36654915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654915" title="Van Gilder">
Van Gilder

Van Gilder may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36654921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654921" title="Expresso Telecom">
Expresso Telecom

Expresso is an African telecommunications services company. It’s provides telecommunication services in five African markets: Mauritania, Senegal, Guinea, Ghana and Nigeria. Expresso offers a wide range of products and services to meet the needs of customers. Expresso is a key player in the implementation of the Africa Coast to Europe (ACE) submarine cable. Sudatel owns 75% of the total Expresso shares.
In 2006, Mauritania’s Chinguitel was Expresso’s first ‘green field’ operation, acquiring a licence to operate as a telecom operator. Sudatel share in Chinguitel is 68%.
By August 2007, Chinguitel established a CDMA network, providing full coverage across the country.
In November 2007, Expresso Senegal became Expresso’s second ‘green field’ operation, licenced to operate as a telecom operator in Senegal. Sudatel share is Expresso Sengal is 75%.
In July 2008, Expresso Telecom acquired 100% of Ghana’s Kasapa Telecom Company. Sudatel share in this company is 75%.
In December 2008, Expresso Telecom acquired 70% of Nigeria’s Intercellular and currently the company only provides fixed wireless services. In 2009, Expresso was able to obtain an additional CDMA carrier, resulting in four CDMA carriers with nationwide coverage.
In January 2009, Expresso Senegal launched its commercial operations providing high-quality voice, fixed wireless and high-speed data services over a CDMA network across the nation.
In June 2010 Expresso Senegal launched a GSM network; the only operator providing 3G services for the very first time to the people of Senegal. Expresso Senegal provides wireless broadband internet across the nation allowing the people of Senegal to connect to the internet.
Expresso acquired 100% ownership of Intercel Guinee SA, a company engaged in providing telecommunication services in Guinea in early 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36654937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654937" title="María Elena Espeso">
María Elena Espeso

María Elena Espeso (born October 10, 1972 in Valladolid) is a Spanish long-distance runner. She competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 61st with a time of 2:36:12.

</doc>
<doc id="36654938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654938" title="Resa">
Resa

Resa (; ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Komarna Vas.
History.
Resa was a Gottschee German village. It was founded after 1558 and initially consisted of two half-farms. In 1770 it had four houses, and in 1931 three houses. The original inhabitants were expelled in the fall of 1941. The village was burned by Italian troops in the summer of 1942 during the Rog Offensive and it was never rebuilt.

</doc>
<doc id="36654945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654945" title="Thomas Woodhouse (disambiguation)">
Thomas Woodhouse (disambiguation)

Thomas Woodhouse was an English priest and martyr.
Thomas Woodhouse or Wodehouse may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36654948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654948" title="Lishan Dula">
Lishan Dula

Lishan Dula Gemechu (born February 17, 1987 in Ethiopia) is a long-distance runner for Bahrain. She competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 62nd with a time of 2:36:20.

</doc>
<doc id="36654952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654952" title="Alahan Panjang">
Alahan Panjang

Alahan Panjang is a village in the "kecamatan" of Lembah Gumanti, Solok, West Sumatra, Indonesia. The village is located on Kerinci Seblat National Park's eastern slopes, at an altitude of , near Mount Talang. Situated between Alahan Panjang and the other nearby major town of Muara Labuh are the subvillages of Air Dingin Barat, Alang Laweh, and Sungai Kalau II.
Economy.
It lies in the valley of the same name in northern Minangkabau Highlands, producing rubber, coffee, sugarcane, yams, maize, tobacco and bananas and using a high amount of pesticides. The area is poor, dominated by arid farming, and notable wet rice production. European firms have established mining exploration in parts of Alahan Panjang.
History.
Alahan Panjang was the stronghold of the Indonesian hero Tuanku Imam Bonjol (1772–1864). After 1848, the government constructed a secondary road between Alahan Panjang and Solok, West Sumatra, located to the east. Historically, tiger hunting has been a problem that threatens the predators in the area; in 1935 alone some 500 tigers were shot by local poachers. 
Alahan Panjang, along with Padang, Pariaman, Silungkang, Sawah Lunto, Sijinjung and Suliki, has been cited as an area which had particularly active communists in local politics. The area was affected by the Alahan Panjang earthquakes in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36654958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654958" title="Dinesh Bhramar">
Dinesh Bhramar

Dinesh Bhramar is an eminent Hindi and Bhojpuri poet, writer and Indologist from Bihar, India. He has been credited to introduce the Ghazal and Ruba'i in Bhojpuri literature. 
Early life and education.
Bhramar was born in 1939 in British India at Bagaha, a small township in undivided Champaran, Bihar. His father Pt. Gunjeshwari Pathak was Sanskrit scholar and classical music enthusiast. Bhramar graduated in Hindi literature from Patna University in 1961.
Career.
Bhramar taught Hindi Literature at M.J.K College, Bettiah as assistant professor (1961-1966) and later at Tata Workers College, Jamshedpur as Associate professor.
He has shared stage in various Kavi sammelan with several eminent Hindi poets such as Ramdhari Singh Dinkar, Ajneya, Gopal Singh Nepali, Janki Ballabh Shastri, Nida Fazli, Bashir Badr and others. His poetical works were commended by Harivansh Rai Bachchan and Nazir Banarsi. Some of his Hindi poetic works have been selected for Navgeet Saptdasak edited by Rajendra Prasad Singh. He is not very fond of publishing books, the only exception being ‘Geet Mere Swara Tumhare’, published in 1961.
Besides the poetry works, Bhramar has been associated with various literary movements and organized several series of Kavi sammelan and Mushaira and other literary and cultural events for last forty years in and around Champaran district.
He has recited his poetical works for All India Radio and Doordarshan which have been also archived by them. He has also delivered several talks on Hindi literature at seminars/conferences conducted by the Central Sahitya Akademi and other prestigious organizations across the country.
Awards and recognition.
He has been awarded the Gopal Singh Nepali Samman (2011), Bazme Adab(1999), Lok Shikar Samman(1998), Champaran Ratna(1992) and several other awards for his contribution to Hindi and Bhojpuri literature.

</doc>
<doc id="36654990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654990" title="Crispy tadyang ng baka">
Crispy tadyang ng baka

In the Philippines, crispy Tadyang ng Baka is deep-fried beef rib that is served with a siding of soy-vinegar (toyo't suka) and/or pickled vegetables (Atchara). The ribs are regarded as a pulutan, best served with beer. Crispy Tadyang is similar to the Baby Back Ribs but made of beef and fried instead of grilled. 

</doc>
<doc id="36654999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36654999" title="Jordanian Northern Command">
Jordanian Northern Command

The Jordanian Northern Command (Arabic:المنطقة العسكرية الشمالية) is the Jordanian Armed Forces regional command responsible for the defense of the northern front against possible attack by Syria or Israel.
History.
Since the major reorganisation of 1977 the Royal Jordanian Army has kept the Northern Command (Formerly known as 12th Mechanized Division) deployed from Ramtha through Umm Qays to the Zarqa River in a defensive posture that cover both Israel and Syria. But in 2000, King Abdullah II made a big step to modernize and restructure Jordanian Armed Forces, with the divisions being transformed into lighter, more mobile forces, based largely on a brigade structure and considered better capable of rapid reaction in emergencies.
The 12th Mechanised Division was normally deployed facing west (towards Israel) and north (towards Syria) from the Zarqa river, around Umm Qais, to Ramtha. The western part of Jordan's frontier with Syria is a deep gorge along the Yarmuk River, but there is flatter ground further to the east where an attack could take place; Jordanian forces traditionally maintained a defensive posture along this sector.
Jordanian forces have not been deployed in the Jordan Valley itself, where they would be vulnerable to Israeli air power and artillery. They were deployed on the heights above the valley in positions that enable them to obstruct any enemy movement up the routes to the central plateau leading to the main cities. There are a number of surfaced roads leading up to the top of the escarpment, about
800 to 1,200 m above the floor of the valley, but a well-entrenched force could ensure that any enemy advance up those roads could only be attempted at great cost.
This command was involved in many wars, including the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, the Six-Day War, the War of Attrition and the war against the Syrian army when it tried to enter Jordan in the Black September conflict.
Organisation.
The Northern Command commands regional units from Um Qais in Irbid to the Zarqa River south of Jerash, with a presence in Ar Ramtha. Brigadier General Mahmoud Falah Maaytah was appointed commander of the Northern Command.

</doc>
<doc id="36655002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655002" title="Lauta (Marienberg)">
Lauta (Marienberg)

Lauta is a village in the Saxon borough of Marienberg in the German district of Erzgebirgskreis.
Geography.
Location.
Lauta lies about 2 kilometres northwest of Marienberg in the Ore Mountains. Southwest of Lauta lies the high Dreibrüderhöhe, southeast of the village is the high Lautaer Höhe.Until the opening of the Marienberg ring road in 2007 the B 174 federal road from Chemnitz to Reitzenhain passed through the village. Since then it has run past Lauta to the north and east. There is a road to Lauterbach, the "Kreisstraße" 8131.
History.
Mit der Reformation 1539 gehört der Ort zur Parochie Lauterbach, zum 1. Oktober 1875 kommt Lauta zur Parochie Marienberg. Im Gegenzug kamen 1897 einige Zechenhäuser bei Rittersberg und zwei ehemalige Berggebäude von Niederlauterstein mit 27 Einwohnern zur Parochie Lauterbach. 1766 wurde eine Schule errichtet.
August Schumann nennt 1818 im Staats-, Post- und Zeitungslexikon von Sachsen Lauta betreffend u. a.:
1833 wurde die heutige B 174 durch Lauta trassiert. Ein 1881 auf dem "Rudolf-Schacht" gefundenes seltenes Mineral wurde durch den Freiberger Mineralogen A. Frenzel untersucht, er gab ihm den Namen "Lautit" – 1899 ging der Silberbergbau auf diesem Schacht zu Ende. Ein zwischen 1838 bis 1877 auf dem Rudolphschacht in Betrieb gewesener Pferdegöpel wurde in den 1990ern originalgetreu wiedererrichtet. Im zugehörigen Besucherzentrum befindet sich eine Ausstellung zur Thematik „Bergbau im Marienberger Revier“. Die Bergbaulandschaft bei Lauta ist eine ausgewählte Stätte für die vorgesehene Kandidatur zum UNESCO-Welterbe Montanregion Erzgebirge.
1883 wurde auf der Dreibrüderhöhe der 18 m hohe „Prinzeß-Marien-Turm“ errichtet.1925 wird der Ort ans Elektrizitätsnetz angeschlossen. Zur Versorgung der Stadt Chemnitz mit Wasser wird von 1929 bis 1935 der Rudolph-Schacht für die Wasserförderung geöffnet, das Wasser wird der Talsperre Neunzehnhain II zugeleitet.
Zum 1. Januar 1994 wurde Lauta nach Marienberg eingemeindet.

</doc>
<doc id="36655003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655003" title="Van Gool">
Van Gool

Van Gool is a Dutch toponymic surname, meaning "from Goirle". "Gool" () is a phonetic approximation of the regional pronunciation of Goirle. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36655004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655004" title="Natalia Cerches">
Natalia Cerches

Natalia Cerches (born February 21, 1976 in Chișinău) is a Moldovan long-distance runner. She competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 65th with a time of 2:37:13.
Her personal best at marathon is 2:33:53.

</doc>
<doc id="36655009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655009" title="Van Gorder">
Van Gorder

Van Gorder or VanGorder is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Van Gorder is one of several variants of the original surname "Van Garden" adopted by Gysbert Alberts in the 1660s.

</doc>
<doc id="36655024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655024" title="Graciela Martins">
Graciela Martins

Graciela Martins (born 5 April 1987 in Bissau, Guinea-Bissau) is a Bissau-Guinean athlete. She competed in the 400 m event at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36655037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655037" title="Lauta (disambiguation)">
Lauta (disambiguation)

Lauta may refer to the following places in Saxony, Germany

</doc>
<doc id="36655051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655051" title="Ribnik, Semič">
Ribnik, Semič

Ribnik (; ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Komarna Vas.
History.
Ribnik was a Gottschee German village. It was named after two ponds (from Slovene "ribnik" 'pond') in the village owned by the Dominion of Kočevje. In 1574 the village consisted of four half-farms. In 1770 it had 10 houses, and 11 houses in 1931. A steam-powered sawmill operated in the village before the Second World War. The original inhabitants were expelled in the fall of 1941. The village was burned by Italian troops in the summer of 1942 during the Rog Offensive and it was never rebuilt.

</doc>
<doc id="36655052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655052" title="Jacira Mendonca">
Jacira Mendonca

Jacira Francisco Mendonca (born 7 January 1986 in Bissau) is a female competition wrestler from Guinea-Bissau. She represented Guinea-Bissau in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="36655054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655054" title="Hamonado">
Hamonado

Hamonado (not to be confused with Hamon or Glazed Bone-in Ham) is a Filipino dish consisting of pork cooked in pineapple (and/or orange, calamansi) juice.
While Hamon is usually served during special occasions like "Pasko" (Christmas), the Hamonado is for everyday fare.

</doc>
<doc id="36655066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655066" title="Noyack Road (LIRR station)">
Noyack Road (LIRR station)

Noyack Road was a railroad station on the Sag Harbor Branch of the Long Island Railroad in Sag Harbor, New York. While the branch opened in 1869, this station was not added until thirty seven years later in 1906 as "Lamb's Corner". By 1915, it had been renamed as "Noyack Road".
It was demolished with the rest of the branch shortly after service was withdrawn from the line in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="36655078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655078" title="Henry de Stanton">
Henry de Stanton

Henry de Stanton (also Staunton) was an English medieval Canon law jurist, judge, churchman, and university chancellor.
Henry de Stanton was a Professor of Canon law. Between 1280–2, he was Chancellor of the University of Oxford. During his chancellorship, the University appointed a group of masters to investigate how to put the Will of William of Durham (died 1249) into effect to establish University College at Oxford.
Henry de Stanton was vicar of St Peter's-in-the-East in Oxford. He was also a commissary judge and an official of the Court of the Arches.

</doc>
<doc id="36655123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655123" title="Communism in Sumatra">
Communism in Sumatra

Communism in Sumatra has historically had an influence in the politics and society of Sumatra.
Padang, Pariaman, Silungkang, Sawah Lunto, Alahan Panjang, and Suliki of West Sumatra have been cited as an area which was particular active in communism.
History.
In May 1914, Hendricus Sneevliet (alias Maring) established the Indies Social-Democratic Association (ISDV), which became the Communist Association of the Indies (Perserikatan Komunisi di Hindia) in May 1920 and the Communist Party of Indonesia (PKI) in 1924. Backed by the Communist International (Cominterm) in Moscow, the PKI became active among trade unionists and rural villagers in Sumatra. In 1926 and 1927, despite advice by Tan Malaka, a Comintern agent from Sumatra, to the contrary, local leaders instigated rural insurrections in western Java and Sumatra. The government moved decisively to crush the insurrections and imprison communist leaders. Some, like Tan Malaka, fled into exile. But 1,300 communists were exiled to the grim Boven Digul penal colony in West New Guinea. The PKI all but disappeared, not to be an important actor on the political stage until after independence. Perhaps the most prominent outbreak was the 1927 Communist Uprising in Sumatra. When the Japanese invaded Sumatra in 1945, the Communist party in North Sumatra refrained from joining in the resistance against the Japanese.
Incidentally, Hadji Abdullah Ahmad, a noted anti-communist and religious leader was from the Minangkabau Highlands, where communism was active. Numerous examples of anti-communist resentment also occurred, for instance during the Indonesian killings of 1965–1966, PKI-organised squatters' movements and campaigns against foreign businesses in Sumatra's plantations provoked quick reprisals against Communists.
Repression against alleged PKI members and sympathizers continued for several years. As late as 1976 mass lay-offs of former members of the communist plantation workers' union Sarbupri members took place in Sumatra, actions motivated by the communist past of these individuals.
PRRI rebellion.
During the PRRI rebellion, the insurgents arrested leftist activists and placed them in detention camps in West Sumatra. PKI cadres were detained at Situjuh and Suliki, whilst followers of the national communist Murba Party and other groups were detained at the Muara Labuh camp.
PKI in Aceh.
In the northern-most province of Sumatra, Aceh, PKI was rather weak in the heyday of the party. There were around 2,000-3,000 communists in Aceh during the early 1960s. The party membership was largely made up by Javanese migrant labourers, such as plantation and railway workers. The establishment of PKI in Aceh was met with stern resistance from the local "ulema". Notably PKI had opposed giving provincial status to Aceh, a position that isolated the party in Acehnese politics. When an armed rebellion, seeking the establishment of an Islamic state in Aceh, broke out in 1951 many PKI members left Aceh.
When a provincial DPRD (council) for Aceh was appointed by the Minister of Home Affairs in January 1957, PKI was allocated one out of thirty seats. In 1961 a new provincial DPRD was appointed, with two seats for PKI.
The first massacres of PKI sympathizers during the 1965-1966 took place in Aceh. Reports emerged from Aceh that thousands were killed in the massacres, in which entire families of alleged PKI sympathizers along with their domestic servants were annihilated. The First Secretary of the PKI branch in Aceh, Samikidin, was executed. An all-Acehnese conference "ulema" and military officers held December 15–16, 1965 issued a "fatwa" stating that any Muslim that died in combat with PKI would be considered a martyr. Moreover the conference labelled communism "haram" and called for the abolition of PKI. Through provincial legislation PKI was formally banned in Aceh in December 1965, whilst the party was only formally banned in the rest of Indonesia in March 1966.
PKI in East Sumatra.
A East Sumatra District Committee of PKI was set up in 1950. A. Indigo, Abdullah Nst., B. Siagian, Ngalimum and Hasan Raid were leading figures of the District Committee. By the early 1960s, PKI had a mass following in the plantation areas of East Sumatra. The party was, organizationally speaking, the strongest political force in the area at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="36655124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655124" title="Gaius Vettius Sabinianus Julius Hospes">
Gaius Vettius Sabinianus Julius Hospes

Gaius Vettius Sabinianus Julius Hospes (fl. 2nd century) was a Roman military officer and senator who was appointed consul around AD 175 or 176. He had a long and distinguished military and political career under the reigns of the emperors Antonius Pius, Marcus Aurelius and Commodus.
Biography.
Originally a member of the Equestrian order, Gaius Vettius Sabinianus may have originated from Roman North Africa. At some point he was adopted by the Vetti Sabini. He began his military career as the "Praefectus cohortis" of the "II Commagenorum" unit, following which he was promoted to the rank of Military tribune of the Legio I Italica. At this point Vettius Sabinianus was forced go to Rome to hold the magistracies of the Cursus honorum before the emperor Antonius Pius allowed him to gain further and higher military appointments. In succession he was appointed Quaestor, Plebeian Tribune and Praetor before he was appointed "Legatus proconsulis Asiae". Vettius Sabinianus’ next appointment was as special command, functioning as the imperial legate responsible for investigating the status of the Cyclades in relation to its administration by the Roman province of Asia. Sometime during this period, he was adlected into the Senate by the command of the emperor.
At the beginning of the reigns of Marcus Aurelius and Lucius Verus, Vettius Sabinianus was the "iuridicus per tractus" of three of the Italian regions, "Aemilia", "Etruria" and "Liguria". In around AD 169, he was made the "Legatus legionis" of the Legio III Italica, followed by another special appointment, as "Legatus Aug. Rationibus putandis trium Galliarum" (or legate in control of the urban finances of the three provinces of Gaul that were under direct imperial rule). This appointment may reflect a growing debt problem in the province, triggered by the demands of the Marcomannic Wars. His next appointment was as the imperial "Legatus legionis", this time of the Legio XIV Gemina, as well as having military and civil jurisdiction over Pannonia Superior, following a Roman defeat in Pannonia Superior in around AD 170 and the death of the governor.
After a brief time in Rome as "Praefectus aerarii Saturni" (or prefect in charge of the state treasury), he was again posted to the frontiers, this time as "Legatus Augusti pro praetore" or imperial governor of Lower Pannonia, where he served from around AD 170 to 175. Here, he served in Marcus Aurelius’ First Marcomannic War, taking part in the battles against the Germanic tribes. For his services, Marcus Aurelius rewarded him with a large share of the booty from the campaign.
During the usurpation of Avidius Cassius in AD 175, Vettius Sabinianus was sent by Marcus Aurelius to take charge of the Vexillatio forces in Illyricum, and defend Rome against the possible advance of Avidius Cassius. Positioning himself in Rome, Sabinianus was also tasked with ensuring that the anti-German War party in the city headed by the family of Lucius Verus did not take advantage of the Cassius’ rebellion to undermine the emperor’s authority. As a reward for his loyalty during the crisis, Vettius Sabinianus was appointed "consul suffectus" by the emperor around AD 176. He was then appointed the Proconsular curator of Puteoli, followed by a tenure as "curator aedium sacrarum" (or curator of the temples). Next was his appointment as Imperial legate of Dalmatia in AD 177, with instructions to deal with the bandits which infested the areas around modern Albania or Montenegro, which the previous governor Didius Julianus had been unable to eradicate.
From AD 179 through to 182, Vettius Sabinianus held the post of imperial governor of the three Dacias, during which time he subdued some 12,000 Dacian tribesmen on the border of the province and settled them within the imperial province. He was probably the governor who fought in a victorious but brutal war against the Buri until 182, which saw the creation of a five mile wide security zone along the borders of the province. This was followed by his posting as imperial legate of the province of Upper Pannonia. Finally, in around AD 191, Vettius Sabinianus was appointed as the proconsular governor of Africa Proconsularis.
Vettius Sabinianus was decorated a number of times during his career, including being awarded the Civic Crown three times, and the "Hasta pura" and "Vexilla" twice each. He was married to the daughter of Servius Cornelius Scipio Salvidienus Orfitus, who was consul around AD 150. His grandson was Gaius Vettius Gratus Sabinianus, who was consul in AD 221.

</doc>
<doc id="36655128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655128" title="National Day (Vietnam)">
National Day (Vietnam)

National Day () is a national holiday in Vietnam observed on September 2, commemorating the Vietnam Declaration of Independence from France on September 2, 1945. It is the country's National Day.
History.
The Japanese occupied Vietnam during World War II but allowed the French to remain and exert some influence. At the war's end in August 1945, a power vacuum was created in Vietnam. Capitalizing on this, the Việt Minh launched the "August Revolution" across the country to seize government offices. Emperor Bảo Đại abdicated on August 25, 1945, ending the Nguyễn Dynasty. On September 2, 1945, at Ba Đình Square, Ho Chi Minh, leader of the communist Viet Minh organization, declared Vietnam's independence under the new name of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam (DRVN) in a speech that invoked the United States Declaration of Independence and the French Revolution's Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen.
Establishment.
Leading up to, and then following, the end of the Vietnam War the Vietnamese Communist Party, thereafter the government of a united Vietnam, established a unified list of national holidays. These new holidays were to include International Labour Day on 1st of May, the anniversary of the August Revolution on the 19th of August, Viet Nam's National Day on the 2nd of September, and Ho Chi Minh's birthday on the 19th of May. The lunar new year, Tết Nguyên Đán and the mid-autumn moon, Tết Trung Thu, continued to be observed as traditionally.
The list of full Public holidays in Vietnam has been revised since 2007 but National Day, 2.9, remains a full public and bank holiday.

</doc>
<doc id="36655129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655129" title="Ceratinia tutia">
Ceratinia tutia

Ceratinia tutia, the Tutia Clearwing, is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found from southern Mexico to Brazil.
The wingspan is about 52 mm. It is a highly variable species.
The larvae of ssp. "Ceratinia tutia dorilla" have been recorded feeding on "Solanum" species, including "Solanum antillarum".

</doc>
<doc id="36655143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655143" title="Krampenes">
Krampenes

Krampenes is a village in Vadsø Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. It's located on the northern shore of the Varangerfjorden on the eastern shore of the Varanger Peninsula. It lies along the European route E75 highway, about northeast of Valen and Ekkerøy. The small island of Lille Ekkerøy lies about off the coast of Krampenes.
The majority of the village population is Norwegian as well as some Sami residents. The Sami reindeer herders on the Varanger Peninsula bring their reindeer to the slaughtering facilities in Krampenes each year, and they recruit their labour force for the slaughtering plant from the Norwegians in Krampenes.

</doc>
<doc id="36655148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655148" title="Van Gurp">
Van Gurp

van Gurp is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36655158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655158" title="Van Gyseghem">
Van Gyseghem

Van Gyseghem is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36655160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655160" title="Stella-Iro Ledaki">
Stella-Iro Ledaki

Stella-Iro Ledaki (Στέλλα-Ηρώ Λεδάκη; born 18 July 1988 in Chania, Greece) is a Greek pole vaulter. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36655175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655175" title="Aikaterini Stefanidi">
Aikaterini Stefanidi

Katerina Stefanidi (Κατερίνα Στεφανίδη; born 4 February 1990 in Cholargos, Greece) is a Greek pole vaulter. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She was the 2012 Pac-12 and NCAA Champion. She has a personal record of 4.57 metres for the event. She was also the 2005 World Youth Champion in the discipline.
Career.
Stefanidi was born in Athens, Greece to Greek parents (Georgios Stefanidis, Zoi Vareli). She attended the 1st High School of Pallini and while there she won the National High School Championships, she broke the National High School record in the pole vault and she won gold at the 2006 Gymnasiade while breaking the Championship record. She gained an athletic scholarship at Stanford University and began competing for the Stanford Cardinals in 2009.
Growing up she broke all of the World age-group records for the ages of 11, 12, 13 and 14 and less than a month after she turned 15 she broke the World Youth (under-18) record in the pole vault with a jump of 4.37 m in http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nick_Hysong, Greece. Her first international experience came at the age of 15, when she represented Greece at the 2005 World Youth Championships in Marrakesh, placing first with a jump of 4.30 m. At the following edition of the championships, the 2007 World Youths, held in Ostrava, she won silver in the pole vault with a jump of 4.25 m. In 2008 she represented Greece at the World Junior Championships in Bydgoszcz, Poland, where she won bronze with a jump of 4.25 m. That same year she entered Stanford University and began competing for the Stanford Cardinals. She is currently a graduate student in Cognitive Psychology with Dr. Gene A. Brewer at Arizona State University and training under the guidance of 2000 Olympic Champion Nick Hysong. 
As a freshman at Stanford, Stefanidi, broke the freshman school record with a jump of 4.13 m, under the guidance of coach Kris Mack and head coach Edrick Floreal. In 2010, and under the guidance of coach Toby Stevenson, she tied for fifth place (4.30 m) at the NCAA Indoor Championships, was the Pac-10 Conference Champion, and tied for fourth (4.25 m) at the NCAA Outdoor Championships, after breaking the school record multiple times. In 2011, she was the runner-up at the NCAA Indoor Championships with a jump of 4.40 m. That same year she defended her Pac-10 Conference title (4.28 m) and came third at the NCAA Outdoor Championships (4.40 m). During the summer of 2011, she placed second at the European Athletics U23 Championships in Ostrava and third at Universiade (World University Games) in Shenzhen, China, after jumping a personal best of 4.45m to tie the Greek under-23 record. Her senior year, Stefanidi placed third at the NCAA Indoor Championships (4.35 m).
In the 2012 outdoor season she was the Pac-12 Conference Champion, in Eugene, Oregon, where she broke her own school record with a jump of 4.48 m. A month later she became the NCAA Champion in Des Moines, Iowa, with a jump of 4.45 m.
Her season best, 4.51 m, achieved in July 2012 at Livermore, California, is the Greek under-23 record. She is also the current Greek Youth and Junior National record holder with her jump of 4.37 m.
In 2013 she faced some injury problems, thus not improving her personal best with a 4,45m. season best. 
In the 2014 indoor season she improved her personal best at 4,55m and had also some very good competitions over 4,50m. In the 2014 outdoor season she first improved her personal best at 4,57m., then equalled that and finally she established a new personal best at 4,60m. at the Diamond League meeting at New York, where she placed 4th. She competed for the first time at European Athletics Team Championships 1st league, held in Tallinn, representing Greece, winning at 4,55m. During the 2014 season she has already passed 7 times over 4,50m. 

</doc>
<doc id="36655177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655177" title="Nissos Mykonos">
Nissos Mykonos

Nissos Mykonos (Greek:Νήσος Μύκονος) is a ferry owned by Hellenic Seaways that currently operates most commonly on the Piraeus-Syros-Mykonos-Ikaria-Samos ferry route. It is driven by four main engines Wartsila 12V38 Diesel and it uses to go at over 25 knots and this faster than all other big ferries that serve Cyclades Islands and North Aegean. The ferry is a sister ship to "Nissos Chios". 
The ship was ordered by Gerasimos Strintzis in the middle 90's on behalf of his coastline company "Strintzis Lines" and launched at Skaramangas Shipyards originally named "Superferry Chios", but in the year 2000, while the construction of the ship was unfinished Gerasimos Strintzis sold his company, the order was cancelled, the name "Superferry Chios" was deleted and the ship remained unfinished for long time at the shipyard. Finally in 2005 the construction was completed, the ship was named "Nissos Mykonos" and was been delivered by Gerasimos Strintzis who had been chairman and manager of the coastline company "Hellenic Seaways. The ship is named after the Greek island of Mykonos.

</doc>
<doc id="36655178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655178" title="Van Hamel">
Van Hamel

Van Hamel or Vanhamel is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36655191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655191" title="Maria Leonor Tavares">
Maria Leonor Tavares

Maria Leonor Ribeiro Tavares, also known as Eleonor Tavares, (born 24 September 1985 in Paris, France) is a French-born Portuguese pole vaulter. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
She has two older sisters who also compete in the pole vault, Sandra-Helena Homo and Elisabete Ansel.
Her personal bests in the event are 4.50 metres outdoors (Albi 2011) and 4.43 metres indoors (Aulnay-sous-Bois 2014). Both are current national records.

</doc>
<doc id="36655192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655192" title="Saxatilomys">
Saxatilomys

Saxatilomys is a genus of Muridae rodent native to central Laos. It was first discovered in the Khammouan Limestone National Biodiversity Conservation Area in Khammouan Province. The name is derived from the Latin "saxatilis",
meaning "among the rocks" and the Greek "mys" meaning mouse or rat.
Appearance.
The genus is similar, and likely closely related, to the "Niviventer" and "Chiromyscus" genera. "Saxatilomys" is distinguished from these and other Indomalayan genera by "semispinous dark gray upperparts, dark frosted gray underparts, large, extremely bulbous footpads, and a combination of derived and primitive cranial and dental traits".
Habitat.
"Saxatilomys" is thought to be petricolous and has only been observed in forested, rocky Limestone habitats.

</doc>
<doc id="36655194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655194" title="Ceratinia neso">
Ceratinia neso

Ceratinia neso, the Neso Tigerwing, is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South America.
The wingspan is 46-50 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="36655204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655204" title="Bindja Airport">
Bindja Airport

Bindja Airport is an airport serving Bindja, Democratic Republic of the Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="36655207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655207" title="Van Hamme">
Van Hamme

Van Hamme is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36655208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655208" title="Bismarck Tribune Building">
Bismarck Tribune Building

The Bismarck Tribune Building on N. 4th St. in Bismarck, North Dakota was designed by architect George H. Shanley and was built in 1920. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1982.
According to its NRHP nomination it is a "rare application" of Prairie School architecture in North Dakota.

</doc>
<doc id="36655210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655210" title="Yağcı, Vezirköprü">
Yağcı, Vezirköprü

Yağcı is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655215" title="İmircik, Vezirköprü">
İmircik, Vezirköprü

İmircik is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655216" title="Ceratinia iolaia">
Ceratinia iolaia

Ceratinia iolaia is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="36655220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655220" title="Yeniçelik, Vezirköprü">
Yeniçelik, Vezirköprü

Yeniçelik is a village in the District of Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655225" title="Kılıçgüney, Vezirköprü">
Kılıçgüney, Vezirköprü

Kılıçgüney is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655229" title="Natalya Kushch-Mazuryk">
Natalya Kushch-Mazuryk

Natalya Kushch-Mazuryk (, née "Kushch;" born 5 March 1983 in Donetsk, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian pole vaulter. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36655233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655233" title="Kıranalan, Vezirköprü">
Kıranalan, Vezirköprü

Kıranalan is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655236" title="Kıratbükü, Vezirköprü">
Kıratbükü, Vezirköprü

Kıratbükü is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655239" title="Gömlekhisar, Vezirköprü">
Gömlekhisar, Vezirköprü

Gömlekhisar is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655242" title="Kavakpınarı, Vezirköprü">
Kavakpınarı, Vezirköprü

Kavakpınarı is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655245" title="Göllüalan, Vezirköprü">
Göllüalan, Vezirköprü

Göllüalan is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655250" title="Susuz, Vezirköprü">
Susuz, Vezirköprü

Susuz is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655253" title="Rancho Grande (film)">
Rancho Grande (film)

Rancho Grande is a 1940 American Western film directed by Frank McDonald and starring Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, and June Storey. Written by Bradford Ropes, Betty Burbridge, and Peter Milne, based on a story by Peter Milne and Connie Lee, the film is about a singing cowboy and ranch foreman responsible for completing an important irrigation project and for the three spoiled grandchildren of his former boss who come out West to the ranch they inherited.
Plot.
Following the death of rancher John Dodge, foreman Gene Autry (Gene Autry) is left the responsibility of taking care of Rancho Grande ranch and Dodge's three spoiled grandchildren raised in the east. Gene is also responsible for completing a major project started by Dodge—the construction of an irrigation system that would bring valuable water to the faithful Rancho Grande employees in the southern part of the valley. Dodge mortgaged his ranch in order to finance the project.
When Dodge's grandchildren, Tom (Dick Hogan), Kay (June Storey), and Patsy (Mary Lee), arrive from the east, they are unimpressed with life on the ranch. Tom and Kay are madcap college types who think ranchlife is boring and long to return to the big city. They resent Gene's authority and dismiss his talk of developing a work ethic and the importance of the irrigation project. Meanwhile, crooked lawyer Emory Benson (Ferris Taylor) is planning to seize the mortgage to Rancho Grande. After meeting Tom and Kay, he decides to take advantage of their discontent in order to slow the irrigation project and prevent the bank from renewing the mortgage.
Gradually, Gene is able to win Kay over to his way of thinking, but Tom falls in with a group of partying tenderfoots from the east. He invites them to stay at Rancho Grande, where they get in everyone's way. Gene and his sidekick Frog Millhouse (Smiley Burnette) finally succeed in scaring the dudes off the ranch. Angered by Gene's actions, Tom and Kay decide to leave. When a rockslide at the irrigation project site injures Jose, a faithful Rancho Grande employee, Tom and Kay come to their senses and pledge to help complete the project on time.
Continuing his plan of terror, Benson dynamites a train carrying the pipe needed to complete the project. When Gene and his men ride to salvage the pipe, Benson and his gang are waiting for a showdown. In the gunfight that ensues, Gene captures Benson and his gang, insuring the timely completion of the irrigation project and the grandchildren's continued ownership of Rancho Grande.
Production.
Casting.
Actor Dick Hogan was loaned out to Republic Pictures by RKO at $250 a week. Hogan specialized in youthful roles.
Filming and budget.
"Rancho Grande" was filmed February 7–21, 1940. The film had an operating budget of $76,573 (equal to $ today).

</doc>
<doc id="36655254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655254" title="Kırma, Vezirköprü">
Kırma, Vezirköprü

Kırma is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655259" title="Bankim Puraskar">
Bankim Puraskar

Bankim Puraskar (, Bankim Memorial Award) is the highest award given by the Government of West Bengal for contribution to Bengali fiction. The award was instituted in 1975 in memory of Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay, the founder of the Bengali novel. It has been brought under the aegis of Paschimbanga Bangla Akademi, functioning under the Department of Information & Cultural Affairs, in 2003. The award is handed over by the Chief Minister of West Bengal.

</doc>
<doc id="36655260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655260" title="Kızılcakoru, Vezirköprü">
Kızılcakoru, Vezirköprü

Kızılcakoru is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655263" title="Şentepe, Vezirköprü">
Şentepe, Vezirköprü

Şentepe is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655267" title="Güder, Vezirköprü">
Güder, Vezirköprü

Güder is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655269" title="Ceratinia cayana">
Ceratinia cayana

Ceratinia cayana is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Brazil, Surinam and the Guianas.

</doc>
<doc id="36655272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655272" title="Güldere, Vezirköprü">
Güldere, Vezirköprü

Güldere is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655275" title="Tjipekapora Herunga">
Tjipekapora Herunga

Tjipekapora Herunga (born 1 January 1988) is a Namibian sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. She represented Namibia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36655276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655276" title="Yenidüzce, Vezirköprü">
Yenidüzce, Vezirköprü

Yenidüzce is a village in the District of Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655280" title="Özyörük, Vezirköprü">
Özyörük, Vezirköprü

Özyörük is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655282" title="Paşaköy, Vezirköprü">
Paşaköy, Vezirköprü

Paşaköy is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655284" title="İncesu, Vezirköprü">
İncesu, Vezirköprü

İncesu is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655291" title="Sofular, Vezirköprü">
Sofular, Vezirköprü

Sofular is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655293" title="Yeşiltepe, Vezirköprü">
Yeşiltepe, Vezirköprü

Yeşiltepe is a village in the District of Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655294" title="Cubana de Aviación Flight 9646">
Cubana de Aviación Flight 9646

Cubana de Aviación Flight 9646 refers to a chartered Ilyushin Il-62M, registered CU-T1281 and operated by Cubana, that was due to operate a non-scheduled international Havana–Milan–Cologne passenger service and crashed on , shortly after takeoff from José Martí International Airport, because of bad weather. All 126 occupants of the aircraft plus 45 people on the ground perished in the accident.
Accident.
The aircraft took off in heavy rain and winds gusting to in the vicinity of . The crew retracted the flaps from their initial 30º position to 15º, in an attempt to gain speed, but this action reduced the possibility of the aircraft to gain lift. The plane climbed to about , where it was hit by downdraft currents that caused the airframe to strike the end of the runway, subsequently hitting a navigational facility and a small hill before crashing into a residential area, about a minute after takeoff. All 126 people on board —115 passengers, most of them Italian holidaymakers, and a crew of 11— perished in the accident; another 45 people lost their lives on the ground.
Cause.
Investigators attributed the crash of Flight 9646 to the pilot's decision to fly after an abrupt deterioration in the meteorological conditions. The pilot underestimated the risks of taking off at the same time misjudging the aircraft's performance in poor weather conditions.
Aftermath.
, the accident remains the deadliest one to occur on Cuban soil, followed by Aeroflot Flight 331.

</doc>
<doc id="36655300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655300" title="Kapaklı, Vezirköprü">
Kapaklı, Vezirköprü

Kapaklı is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655303" title="Marc Bassingthwaighte">
Marc Bassingthwaighte

Marc Bassingthwaighte (born 11 October 1983 in Windhoek, Namibia) is a Namibian track cyclist. He competed in the cross-country event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36655305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655305" title="Kapaklıçeşme, Vezirköprü">
Kapaklıçeşme, Vezirköprü

Kapaklıçeşme is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655307" title="Rykoff">
Rykoff

Rykoff may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36655308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655308" title="Yurtdağı, Vezirköprü">
Yurtdağı, Vezirköprü

Yurtdağı is a village in the District of Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655309" title="Yürükçal, Vezirköprü">
Yürükçal, Vezirköprü

Yürükçal is a village in the District of Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655311" title="George H. Shanley">
George H. Shanley

George H. Shanley was an architect of Great Falls, Montana.
According to a 1920 Bismarck, North Dakota newspaper article, Shanley was a specialist in designing newspaper publishing plants. He designed works from "education, commercial, residential, and hotel buildings to concrete arch bridges." He worked alone and with partners.
A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Works include (with attribution):

</doc>
<doc id="36655316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655316" title="Yukarınarlı, Vezirköprü">
Yukarınarlı, Vezirköprü

Yukarınarlı is a village in the District of Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655318" title="Yolpınar, Vezirköprü">
Yolpınar, Vezirköprü

Yolpınar is a village in the District of Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655323" title="Öğürlü, Vezirköprü">
Öğürlü, Vezirköprü

Öğürlü is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655325" title="John Howard (sprinter)">
John Howard (sprinter)

John Howard (born July 21, 1981 in Weno) is a sprinter from the Federated States of Micronesia. He came 7th in Heat 6 of the 100 metres Preliminaries at the 2012 Summer Olympics. His twin brother Jack Howard competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics. John Howard is the fastest sprinters in all of Micronesian Region alone and in the South Pacific Regions, which includes: Guam, New Caledonia, Samoa, Fiji, Tonga, Palau, CNMI, Vanuatu and all areas in the pacific region. 

</doc>
<doc id="36655326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655326" title="Ifeanyi Menkiti">
Ifeanyi Menkiti

Ifeanyi Menkiti (born 1940), a Nigerian poet, and philosophy professor at Wellesley College, is the owner of the Grolier Poetry Book Shop in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="36655327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655327" title="Örencik, Vezirköprü">
Örencik, Vezirköprü

Örencik is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655331" title="Karapınar, Vezirköprü">
Karapınar, Vezirköprü

Karapınar is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655332" title="Yarbaşı, Vezirköprü">
Yarbaşı, Vezirköprü

Yarbaşı is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655334" title="Van Hecke">
Van Hecke

Van Hecke or Vanhecke is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36655338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655338" title="Sem Shilimela">
Sem Shilimela

Naatele Sem Shilimela (born 30 July 1991) is an Namibian wrestler. He competed in the -55 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36655341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655341" title="Faine">
Faine

Faine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36655343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655343" title="Karkucak, Vezirköprü">
Karkucak, Vezirköprü

Karkucak is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655348" title="Kızılkese, Vezirköprü">
Kızılkese, Vezirköprü

Kızılkese is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655352" title="Pazarcı, Vezirköprü">
Pazarcı, Vezirköprü

Pazarcı is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655353" title="Brendan Cronin">
Brendan Cronin

Brendan Cronin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36655354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655354" title="Sarıdibek, Vezirköprü">
Sarıdibek, Vezirköprü

Sarıdibek is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655357" title="Kületek, Vezirköprü">
Kületek, Vezirköprü

Kületek is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655359" title="Yağınözü, Vezirköprü">
Yağınözü, Vezirköprü

Yağınözü is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655360" title="South African jurisprudence">
South African jurisprudence

South African jurisprudence refers to the study and theory of South African law. Jurisprudence has been defined as "the study of general theoretical questions about the nature of laws and legal systems."

</doc>
<doc id="36655365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655365" title="Kumral, Vezirköprü">
Kumral, Vezirköprü

Kumral is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655370" title="Sarıyar, Vezirköprü">
Sarıyar, Vezirköprü

Sarıyar is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655371" title="Van Hees">
Van Hees

Van Hees is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36655373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655373" title="Samukalan, Vezirköprü">
Samukalan, Vezirköprü

Samukalan is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655375" title="Samur, Vezirköprü">
Samur, Vezirköprü

Samur is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655385" title="İnkaya, Vezirköprü">
İnkaya, Vezirköprü

İnkaya is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655393" title="Soğucak, Vezirköprü">
Soğucak, Vezirköprü

Soğucak is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655395" title="Christine Day">
Christine Day

Christine Day (born 23 August 1986) is a Jamaican sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. She represented Jamaica at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the individual 400m and in the 4x400 metre relay. Day was eliminated in the semifinals of the individual 400m but she and teammates Rosemarie Whyte, Shericka Williams and Novlene Williams-Mills won bronze in the relay.

</doc>
<doc id="36655397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655397" title="Saraycık, Vezirköprü">
Saraycık, Vezirköprü

Saraycık is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655401" title="Karaköy, Vezirköprü">
Karaköy, Vezirköprü

Karaköy is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655405" title="Sarıalan, Vezirköprü">
Sarıalan, Vezirköprü

Sarıalan is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655409" title="Kocakaya, Vezirköprü">
Kocakaya, Vezirköprü

Kocakaya is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655410" title="Chicken inasal">
Chicken inasal

Chicken inasal, commonly known as Inasal is chicken marinated in a mixture of lime, pepper, vinegar and annato then grilled over hot coals while basted with the marinate. It is served with rice, vinegar (Sinamak or white vinegar) and soy sauce. A common dish in the Western Visayas region of the Philippines, it is a specialty in Bacolod City, Negros Occidental, as well as in neighboring cities and provinces. Many restaurant chains are famous for serving inasal like Bacolod Chicken Inasal and Mang Inasal.

</doc>
<doc id="36655415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655415" title="Küçükkale, Vezirköprü">
Küçükkale, Vezirköprü

Küçükkale is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655418" title="Hyalyris coeno">
Hyalyris coeno

Hyalyris coeno is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South America.

</doc>
<doc id="36655421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655421" title="Oruç, Vezirköprü">
Oruç, Vezirköprü

Oruç is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655426" title="Kızılcaören, Vezirköprü">
Kızılcaören, Vezirköprü

Kızılcaören is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655428" title="Sırbaşmak, Vezirköprü">
Sırbaşmak, Vezirköprü

Sırbaşmak is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655430" title="Joy Nakhumicha Sakari">
Joy Nakhumicha Sakari

Joy Nakhumicha Sakari (born 6 June 1986 in Chepkoya, Kenya) is a Kenyan sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. She represented Kenya at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36655435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655435" title="Kovalı, Vezirköprü">
Kovalı, Vezirköprü

Kovalı is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655436" title="Kuşçular, Vezirköprü">
Kuşçular, Vezirköprü

Kuşçular is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655439" title="Köprübaşı, Vezirköprü">
Köprübaşı, Vezirköprü

Köprübaşı is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655443" title="Kuruçay, Vezirköprü">
Kuruçay, Vezirköprü

Kuruçay is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655445" title="Kabalı, Vezirköprü">
Kabalı, Vezirköprü

Kabalı is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655449" title="Kuyumcu, Vezirköprü">
Kuyumcu, Vezirköprü

Kuyumcu is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655450" title="Omolara Omotosho">
Omolara Omotosho

Omolara Omotosho (born 25 May 1993 in Akure, Nigeria) is a Nigerian sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. She represented Nigeria at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36655451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655451" title="Kuyaş, Vezirköprü">
Kuyaş, Vezirköprü

Kuyaş is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655453" title="Van Helden">
Van Helden

van Helden is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36655455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655455" title="Wee-Willie Wildcat">
Wee-Willie Wildcat

Wee-Willie Wildcat is a 1950s Barney Bear cartoon. It was directed by Dick Lundy using the Tex Avery unit while Avery was gone from the studio.
Plot.
The cartoon starts at Barney's house, who lives next door to William Wildcat. Barney overhears William Wildcat yelling at his son, Willie Wildcat. Barney walks next door just in time to find William with is son over his knee with his pants down getting his bare bottom spanked, and without realizing that Willie was being punished for being disobedient, takes him to his house and attempts to get along with him through child psychology. Willie starts his troubles by burning Barney's foot and putting it in gasoline. Barney tries playing "Pin the Tail on the Donkey" with Willie, but accidentally pins the tail on a "real" donkey and ends up getting kicked into a sign by the donkey. Barney then tries playing football with Willie, but Willie puts a rock inside the football and Barney hurts his foot after trying to kick it. Barney then decides to "go along with the gag" by pretending to be a damsel in distress on a toy train track, but Willie uses a real train to run over Barney. Barney decides to "develop Willie's love of true nature" by gardening, but Willie pours Quick-Grow Plant Food on the two trees that Barney's hammock is tied to and they grow very tall and Barney lands in a barrel of tar which Willie wheelbarrows him down to a clothes washing machine. Barney then tries to "give him a hobby" through photography but Willie slips a giant bullet into the camera and turns it around, making Barney fire himself. Barney then tries "winning his undying attention" by baking him a cake but Willie puts a gashose into the cake, which turns into a bomb cake that explodes when Barney lights the candle. Barney then reads the final rule of the child psychology book he was reading throughout the cartoon, which reads "If all else fails, BOTTOM's UP!" So Barney puts Willie over his knee and he and William both spank Willie's bottom. This time making the mistake of NOT baring his bottom, only to have sore hands because of Willie hiding the book in his pants.

</doc>
<doc id="36655456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655456" title="Karanar, Vezirköprü">
Karanar, Vezirköprü

Karanar is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655458" title="Karadoruk, Vezirköprü">
Karadoruk, Vezirköprü

Karadoruk is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655461" title="Byambyn Tüvshinbat">
Byambyn Tüvshinbat

Byambyn Tüvshinbat (; born in Ulan Bator) is a Mongolian boxer. He competed in the 2007 and 2011 Asian Amateur Boxing Championships (winning silver in 2007 and bronze in 2011), the 2006 and 2010 Asian Games, the 2006 World University Boxing Championship and the Shaheed Benazir Bhutto International Boxing Tournament (where he won the Men's Light Welterweight tournament, defeating Mashhurbek Ruziyev of Uzbekistan). Tüvshinbat also represented Mongolia in the Men's welterweight event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and defeated Gabonese Yannick Mitoumba in the first round but lost to Frenchman Alexis Vastine in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36655463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655463" title="Mohan Khan">
Mohan Khan

Mohan Kan (born September 6, 1991) is a sprinter from Bangladesh. He came 5th in Heat 1 of the 100 metres Preliminaries at the 2012 Summer Olympics and did not advance to the first round but did set a personal best time of 11.25 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="36655468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655468" title="Karacaören, Vezirköprü">
Karacaören, Vezirköprü

Karacaören is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655472" title="Oymaağaç, Vezirköprü">
Oymaağaç, Vezirköprü

Oymaağaç is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655481" title="Regina George">
Regina George

Regina George (born 17 February 1991 in Chicago, United States) is an American-born Nigerian sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. She represented Nigeria at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
As the fastest in qualifying, she was one of the favourites for the 2014 IAAF World Indoor Championships, but withdrew from the semi-final due to leg cramps.

</doc>
<doc id="36655482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655482" title="Kaplancık, Vezirköprü">
Kaplancık, Vezirköprü

Kaplancık is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655485" title="Karlı, Vezirköprü">
Karlı, Vezirköprü

Karlı is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655486" title="Walkom">
Walkom

Walkom is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36655487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655487" title="Inihaw na liempo">
Inihaw na liempo

Inihaw na Liempo is grilled pork belly marinated in a mixture of crushed garlic, vinegar, salt and pepper. It is served with soy-vinegar ("toyo't suka") or garlic-vinegar ("bawang at suka"). It is called "Inihaw" in Luzon and Sinugba in the Visayan region of the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="36655488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655488" title="Ovacık, Vezirköprü">
Ovacık, Vezirköprü

Ovacık is a village in the district of Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655492" title="No Me Compares (song)">
No Me Compares (song)

"No Me Compares" () is a song recorded by the Spanish singer-songwriter Alejandro Sanz. It was released as the first single from his ninth studio album "La Música No Se Toca" (2012) and based on the opening theme song in the telenovela Amores verdaderos. The song was released for digital download on June 25, 2012 . In the day of release, he put a Lyric video on his VEVO channel on YouTube and at the end of the video, he announced the name of his new album, La Música No Se Toca. The single was nominated for Song of the Year and Record of the Year at the 13th Annual Latin Grammy Awards.
Song information.
The song is a romantic song about Sanz telling his love how he feels about her. At the start of the chorus he sings " Vengo del aire, Que te secaba a ti la piel, mi amor ". It means " I came from air that dried your skin, my love." Also at the end of the second chorus he finished the main part of the song by singing " Yo soy tu alma, Tú eres mi aire." It means " I'm your soul, You're my air."
Music video.
Alejandro Sanz released the music video on his VEVO Channal on June 29, 2012, four days after releasing the audio. The music video was filmed in Miami. It's about Sanz's memories from his past, which are washing up along the shore. The video starts small with little objects then it gets bigger and bigger . During this time he is getting flashbacks of his childhood which is interpreted by Fabio Leal and a lost love. At the ending she comes back and they walk away with each other. The director of the video was Ethan Lader who has also directed videos for Bruno Mars, Mariah Carey and Jason Derulo.
Live performances.
On Alejandro's official website, he announced that he will be a part of "Cap Roig Festival 2012" and will perform a concert. Then on his page on the festival's website, they announced that Alejandro will perform "No Me Compares" live for the first time on August 18 in the festival. After that he performed this music on so many stages including his recently worldwide tour and at the 13th Annual Latin Grammy Awards.
Duet version with Ivete Sangalo.
"Não Me Compares" entered the Brazilian version of the album. The Brazilian singer Ivete Sangalo sings in Portuguese and Sanz in Spanish. The song was the theme of the couple Giovanna Antonelli and Alexandre Nero novel Brazilian "Salve Jorge" by Glória Perez writer.
The music video was released on channel VEVO of Sanz on December 18, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36655493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655493" title="Karabük, Vezirköprü">
Karabük, Vezirköprü

Karabük is a village in the Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36655499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655499" title="Frank Woodward (rugby league)">
Frank Woodward (rugby league)

Francis "Frank" William Woodward was a New Zealand rugby league footballer of the 1900s and '10s, who played at representative level for New Zealand (#46), Australasia (#86), Auckland, and Rotorua, and at club level for Balmain, as a , or , i.e. number 3 or 4, or, 6.
International honours.
Frank Woodward won a cap for New Zealand during the 1910 Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand, playing in the 20-52 defeat by Great Britain at Domain Cricket Ground, Auckland on Saturday 30 July 1910, and represented New Zealand in 1911 on the tour of Australia, and represented Australasia on the 1911–12 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="36655501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655501" title="Raysa Sánchez">
Raysa Sánchez

Raysa Sánchez (born 6 May 1988 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a Dominican sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. She represented the Dominican Republic at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Raysa actually resides in the city of San Germán, Puerto Rico where she runs for the Intermerican University of Puerto Rico. She actually holds the 400m race record in Puerto Rico's uiversitary athletic league (LAI = Liga Atlética Interuniversitaria). She also holds the Dominican Republic record for the same race.

</doc>
<doc id="36655504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655504" title="Joseph Andy Lui">
Joseph Andy Lui

Joseph Andy Lui (born January 7, 1992 in Tofoa) is a sprinter from Tonga. He came 4th in Heat 1 of the 100 metres Preliminaries at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36655520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655520" title="Van Herpen">
Van Herpen

Van Herpen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36655525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655525" title="Joelma Sousa">
Joelma Sousa

Joelma das Neves Sousa (born 13 July 1984 in Timon, Brazil) is a Brazilian sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. She represented Brazil at the 2012 Summer Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="36655532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655532" title="Callos">
Callos

Callos is a stew.
It contains beef tripe (tuwalya) and/or chickpeas (garbanzos), chorizo and bell peppers. Another simple recipe of Callos is boiling the tripe until tender, slicing it into strips and cooking it in pork and beans with bell peppers.
The dish is common across Spain, and is considered traditional to Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="36655541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655541" title="Hyposcada illinissa">
Hyposcada illinissa

Hyposcada illinissa, the Illinissa Glasswing, is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found from Colombia to Bolivia. The habitat consists of lowland rainforests at altitudes between 100 and 1,100 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36655542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655542" title="Vaasa RC">
Vaasa RC

Vaasa RC is a Finnish rugby club in Vaasa. 

</doc>
<doc id="36655548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655548" title="Minangkabau Highlands">
Minangkabau Highlands

The Minangkabau Highlands is a mountainous area in West Sumatra, around the three mountains (Mount Marapi, Mount Singgalang, and Mount Sago) in central Sumatra, Indonesia. It is home to the Minangkabau people who refer it as Alam Minangkabau, or "the world of Minangkabau". This area formed a kingdom known from at least the 7th century as Malayu. It is probable that wet rice cultivation evolved in the highlands long before it appeared in other parts of Sumatra, and predates significant foreign contact.
Inscriptions in the area have been found from the rule of Adityavarman (1347–1375). The Dutch began exploiting the gold reserves in the highlands in the 1680s. They dominated the trade in the area, severely restricting the trade outlets between the highlands and the ports on the coast between 1820 and 1899, bringing about a marked decrease in rice production. The highlands consist of three major valleys: Tanah Datar Valley, Agam Valley, and Limapuluh Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="36655549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655549" title="Bianca Răzor">
Bianca Răzor

Bianca Răzor (born 8 August 1994 in Cluj-Napoca, Romania) is a Romanian sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. She represented Romania at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36655551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655551" title="Vijay Sethupathi">
Vijay Sethupathi

Vijay Sethupathi is an Indian film actor, who appears in Tamil films. Following a stint as an accountant, he began considering an acting career. He was working as a background actor, playing minor supporting roles for over five years, before playing his first lead role in Seenu Ramasamy's "Thenmerku Paruvakaatru" (2010). He went on to star in "Sundarapandian" (2012), "Pizza" (2012), "Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom" (2012), "Soodhu Kavvum" (2013) and "Idharkuthane Aasaipattai Balakumara" (2013), which earned critical success and turned Vijay Sethupathi into a popular name in Tamil cinema.
Early life.
Vijay Sethupathi was born in Rajapalayam in Virudhunagar district and moved to Chennai when he was in Class six. He did his schooling in MGR Higher Secondary School in Kodambakkam. According to Sethupathy, he was a "below-average student right from school" and was neither interested in sports nor extra-curricular activities.
Career.
2006–2011.
He subsequently joined the Chennai-based theatre group Koothu-P-Pattarai as an accountant and actor where he observed actors from close quarters. He made his beginnings as a background actor, particularly playing the role of the lead character's friend in a few films. Besides he acted in television series, including the well-known series "Penn" that began in March 2006, as well as several short films as part of the television show "Nalaya Iyakunar" for Kalaignar TV. He worked with Karthik Subbaraj on many short films, who later cast him in his first feature film, subsequently yield him the Best Actor award for one his films at the Norway Tamil Film Festival short film competition.
Sethupathi accompanied a group of actors who went to director Selvaraghavan's studio to audition for his gangster film "Pudhupettai" (2006) and was selected to play Dhanush's friend in the film. Following "Pudhupettai", he was associated with a Tamil-Kannada bilingual film called "Akhaada". While he was selected to play the lead in the Tamil version, the director offered him the antagonistic role in its Kannada version. However, the film did not see a theatrical release. After making an appearance in Prabu Solomon's "Lee" (2007), he was cast by director Suseenthiran in minor supporting roles in his first two projects, "Vennila Kabadi Kuzhu" (2009) and "Naan Mahaan Alla" (2010). Sethupathi would later credit Suseenthiran with having had an "important role in helping him realise his dreams". Suseenthiran, furthermore, recommended Sethupathi to director Seenu Ramasamy and Sethupathi landed his first lead role in Ramasamy's drama film "Thenmerku Paruvakaatru" (2011), in which he portrayed a shepherd. Although initial reviews were mixed, the film went on to win three National Film Awards including the prize for the Best Tamil Feature Film of that year.
2012-recent.
2012 marked a turning point in Vijay Sethupathi's career; all his three releases were critical and commercial successes, resulting in a rise in his popularity. He was first seen in a negative role in "Sundarapandian" which featured M. Sasikumar in the lead role, and then essayed the lead roles in the directorial debuts of Karthik Subbaraj and Balaji Tharaneetharan, the thriller film "Pizza" and the comedy entertainer "Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom", respectively. He enacted the role of Michael, a delivery boy in the former and a young man named Prem who sustains short-term memory loss two days before his marriage in the latter, with his performance in both films being praised by critics. Malini Mannath from "The New Indian Express" in her review of "Pizza" wrote: "Sethupathy, a delight to watch, carries the entire film on his shoulders. His voice perfectly modulated, he proves his versatility and acumen to handle any role. Michael’s nightmarish experience, and his fear and horror when he’s trapped in the mansion, is perfectly conveyed by the actor". With regard to "Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom", "The Times of India" reviewer M. Suganth cited that Sethupathy "continues his superb show from "Pizza" conveying Prem's peculiar condition with vacant stares and amusing pauses between his lines", further noting: "That he never makes the character's repetitive dialogues irritating is a proof of his terrific timing". According to a survey published by BBC Tamil, "Pizza" and "Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom" claimed the first two spots in a Best Films list, and both films competed at the 2013 Norway Tamil Film Festival, while Sethupathi won two awards, one for each film, at the Edison Awards and the Big FM Tamil Entertainment Awards. By the end of the year, Indiaglitz.com named Sethupathi as one of 2012's best Tamil actors,
In 2013, he was first seen in the crime comedy "Soodhu Kavvum" that saw him essaying the role of a forty-year old kidnapper. The film opened to extremely positive reviews and has become a huge success at the box office. Malini Mannath from "The New Indian Express" in her review wrote: "It’s laudable that the actor doesn’t hesitate to take a role that has him essaying a 40-year-old man, greying and with a paunch". "The Times of India" reviewer N. Venkateswaran cited that "His knack of choosing good roles and working with new directors brimming with ideas will stand him in good stead, as also the work he puts in to portray each character. He put on weight and grew a beard to play Das, and the look fits him to a 'T'". His next release was "Idharkuthane Aasaipattai Balakumara", directed by Gokul. It was met with positive reviews by critics and Vijay Sethupathi's performance was praised. Sethupathi's next films were "Rummy" and "Pannaiyarum Padminiyum", both directed by debutants. "Pannaiyarum Padminiyum", based on its same-titled short film, revolved around an old man and his vintage car Premier Padmini, with Sethupathi starring as its chauffeur.
In 2014, "Akhaada" was being dubbed into Tamil as "Edakku" by its makers, to profit from Sethupathi's popularity in Tamil Nadu. The film was being promoted as a Vijay Sethupathi film, with the actor being prominently featured in the posters, although he had only a minor role in it, and Sethupathi stated that the audience would feel cheated after seeing the film, if it was promoted this way. He will be seen in S. P. Jananathan's "Purampokku", which will feature him and Arya in the lead roles. Shooting for the film started in November 2013. Other films he has signed up are "Sangudevan", directed by Sudhakar where he plays a lorry driver, "Idam Porul Eval" directed by Seenu Ramasamy, "Vanmam" directed by Jayakrishna, "Vasantha Kumaran" directed by Anand Kumaresan and "Mellisai" directed by Ranjit Jeyakodi.
Personal life.
Vijay Sethupathi has three siblings, one elder brother, one younger brother and one younger sister. He returned from Dubai in 2003 to marry his girlfriend, whom he had met and dated online. He has two children, one son (Surya) and one daughter (Shreeja).

</doc>
<doc id="36655554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655554" title="Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom">
Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom

Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom () is a 2012 Indian Tamil Black Comedy film directorial debut for Balaji Tharaneetharan. Featuring Vijay Sethupathi and Gayathrie Shankar in the lead roles, The plot revolves around a young man who forgets a full year of his life, even as he is about to get married. The music and background score of the film are composed by Ved Shankar and Siddarth Vippin respectively. The film released on 30 November 2012 to very positive reviews from critics. The film was remade in Telugu as "Pusthakamlo Konni Pageelu Missing" with newcomers Sree and Supraja in lead roles and it was also remade in Kannada as "Kwatley Satisha" with Satish Neenasam and Sonia Gowda playing lead roles. The film is also being remade in Malayalam as "Medulla Oblangata" with Rahul Madhav
Plot.
Prem Kumar (Vijay Sethupathi) is all set to get married to his lover Dhanalakshmi (Gayathrie Shankar). Two days before his wedding, Prem decides to try his hand at playing cricket with his friends — Bagavathi (Bagavathi Perumal), Balaji Tharaneetharan (Rajkumar) and Saras (Vigneswaran). The game gets a little serious as Prem in a bid to catch a ball falls down only to get injured in his head. He quickly gets back on his toes as the injury is not serious. But soon after the match, the friends are in for a shock. Due to the injury, Prem develops short term memory loss, wherein he remembers the chain of events which leads to the injury but forgets the last one year of his life. He remembers his life till college and recognizes his friends, but is clueless about his upcoming wedding and about Dhanalakshmi herself, as it is during the last one year that he met her, fell in love with her and decided to marry her. Fearing trouble, his friends take him to a doctor, who says that he could recover anytime. Hence, his friends plan to keep him in their company, enact a drama till he ties the wedding knot, with the hope that he would get back his memory soon, while covering Prem's disorder from everyone else. In the end, everything works out well, and Prem gets his memory back.
Production.
The film was said to be based on a real-life incident that happened in the life of cinematographer C. Prem Kumar and described as a humorous tale about a young man who forgets a few days of his life even as he is about to get married. Prem Kumar lost his memory, when he was working as an assistant cameraman in the film "Vaaranam Aayiram"; two days before his marriage he went to play cricket with three friends and while attempting a catch, he fell, losing his memory temporarily. Balaji Tharaneetharan, who was present with him, began writing a script based on the incident, besides directing it as well. One of the other witnesses, Bagavathi Perumal agreed to play himself in the film, while the victim Prem Kumar handled the cinematography himself.
It took two months for lead actor Vijay Sethupathi to memorise the film's popular dialogue "Enna Achu?"
The film created a record of sorts by featuring a song, the lines of which were selected from phrases sent in by more than 1,800 people through Facebook. To promote the film, the crew created an online game that could be played on the film's website.
Soundtrack.
The film's soundtrack was composed by Ved Shanker Sugavanam, a product of A. R. Rahman's music school, K M Music Conservatory. The album features five tracks, including an Instrumental, with lyrics penned by Karthik Netha and the composer himself. It was released on 7 July 2012 in Chennai by Kamal Haasan. Singer-actress Andrea Jeremiah lent her voice for the promo song "O Crazy Minnal", the music video of which was also shot on her and was released to the media.
The soundtrack received generally positive reviews. Behindwoods.com claimed that it had a "playful and innovative soundtrack" and that it "definitely stands out from the general commercial albums", providing a rating of 3.5/5.
Release.
"Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom" was due for release in September 2012, with preview screenings being held for critics and personalities from the film industry. The film received rave reviews from the media and various directors and technicians. Following its positive reception, the team decided to postpone the film's release in order to achieve a wider release. Furthermore, about 25 minutes of the film were removed after the premiere shows to make it more interesting. All songs barring the title track were also cut from final version and aired on television for promotional purposes only. The film received a Universal rating (U) from the Central Board of Film Certification. The distribution rights were acquired by Sathyam Cinemas. It eventually released on 30 November 2012 alongside Red Giant Movies' "Neerparavai".
Critical Reception.
"Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom" opened to very positive reviews from the critics. M. Suganth from "Times of India" gave it 4 out of 5 and called it an "instant cult comedy that delivers the laughs big time" and added that "the film's real success lies in the genuine rush of feel-good emotion it leaves you with as it ends; it is at once a relief and a celebration".
K. R. Manigandan from "The Hindu" wrote that the film was "a winner whichever way you choose to look at it. With just a simple story and a small team of talented newcomers, director Balaji Tharaneetharan has, on a shoestring budget, managed to deliver what even major banners with their big budgets and huge star casts often struggle to make — a wholesome entertainer". "Sify" labelled the film as a "rollicking all new comedy entertainer" and lauded the director for having "come out with no big names, no sleaze, no irrelevant comedy track just pure comedy for the intelligent audiences". Vivek Ramz from in.com rated it 3.5 out of 5 and wrote that "NKPK is jolly, good, fun ride for those who love offbeat entertainers. Go and have a blast!" "IBNLive" described the film as "simple, straightforward and hilarious" and gave "three cheers to the whole team for making a clean and a good entertainer". Malini Mannath from "The New Indian Express" named it a "thorough entertainer" and a "must- watch". A review from "Samay Live" said the movie as "Best comedy film of the year" and added as "movie highlights the importance of situational comedy and uses it to build one of the best entertaining screenplay of recent times." Behindwoods.com rated the film 3/5 and said "The missing pages are more exciting. Worth the watch". Pavithra Srinivasan from "Rediff" give 3/5 and cited director Balaji Tharaneetharan as the hero of the film, who "brings us a novel idea in a light-hearted setting, engages our attention with smart dialogues, and pulls off the caper with neat plot twists". Haricharan Pudipeddi from "Nowrunning.com" gave 3.1 out of 5 and said it was "undoubtedly one of the best situational comedies of the year".

</doc>
<doc id="36655558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655558" title="Rachid Chouhal">
Rachid Chouhal

Rachid Chouhal (born February 14, 1975) is an athlete from Malta competing in the long jump and sprinting events. He came 4th in Heat 4 of the 100 metres Preliminaries at the 2012 Summer Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="36655562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655562" title="Anton Zakharov">
Anton Zakharov

Anton Zakharov (born 13 February 1986) is a Ukrainian diver. He is competing for Ukraine at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36655572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655572" title="Black Sunday (Sutter Kain &amp; Donnie Darko album)">
Black Sunday (Sutter Kain &amp; Donnie Darko album)

Black Sunday is the collaboration album by American rapper and producer Sutter Kain with Donnie Darko, released in 2005. If album is bought via iTunes Track 8 Is "Disciples of Death feat Young Vadah".

</doc>
<doc id="36655577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655577" title="Timofei Hordeichik">
Timofei Hordeichik

Timofei Hordeichik (born 4 January 1986) is a Belarusian diver. He is competing for Belarus at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36655580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655580" title="Carolus Maneken">
Carolus Maneken

Carolus Maneken or Carolus Virulus (or any of the spelling variations of the name, including Karel and Karolus for Carolus, Menneken, Mennicken or Meniken for Maneken, and Viruli for Virulus) (1419?-1493) was a professor at the Leuven University and the author of the "Formulae Epistularum".
Carolus Maneken was born circa 1419 in either Ghent or Kassel. He studied in Leuven, and was from 1437 until his death in 1493 the first director of the "Collège du Lys" or Paedagogium Lilii, one of the four colleges of the Arts Faculty. 
The "Formulae Epistolarum", also known as "Epistule Caroli", was a book first published in 1476 by Johann Veldener in Leuven, and reprinted dozens of times over the next few decades. It contained example letters in Latin for many occasions, and was based on the classic examples of Cicero's "Epistolae ad familiares" and the contemporary work by Aeneas Silvius Piccolomini, later known as Pope Pius II, which was also published in Louvain by the same publisher. The last known edition dates from 1520. In 1503, the German humanist Heinrich Bebel attacked Maneken's by then outdated work in his "Commentarium epistolarum conficiendarum [...] contra epistolas Caroli". Later, the same is done by Desiderius Erasmus in "De conscribendis epistolis". Spanish humanist Juan Luis Vives also discussed Maneken and his work in his 1531 book "De tradendis disciplinis". 

</doc>
<doc id="36655598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655598" title="Sora Ma">
Sora Ma

Sora Ma (, born 22 January 1984) is a Singaporean-based Malaysian Chinese actress.
Career.
Ma entered the entertainment industry relatively late compared to many fellow MediaCorp artistes. She was offered a contract by MediaCorp after reaching the top 5 in "Star Search 2010".
Personal life.
Ma studied at Kuala Lumpur Metropolitan University College and graduated from Curtin University in Perth, Australia, specialising in management and marketing. Prior to joining "Star Search", she did some modeling and worked as a financial planner.

</doc>
<doc id="36655605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655605" title="Staunton Harold Hall">
Staunton Harold Hall

Staunton Harold Hall is a large 18th century Grade I listed country house built by the Earls Ferrers, situated within the Staunton Harold Park in Leicestershire, which includes the 17th century Grade I listed Chapel of the Holy Trinity (Staunton Harold church). 
History.
The Shirley family had lived in Staunton Harold for many generations. Sir Robert Shirley built the church in the hall grounds in 1653 in defiance of Oliver Cromwell.
The present hall was originally a Jacobean building built for Robert Shirley, 1st Earl Ferrers as a family seat for the newly ennobled Shirley family and remained so until the 20th century. The fourth earl, Laurence Shirley, 4th Earl Ferrers, was tried, condemned and hanged for killing his steward. The hall was reconstructed in its present form in 1763 for Washington Shirley, 5th Earl Ferrers. It is a Georgian style two storey brick building with stone dressing in the form of a square enclosing a quadrangle. Sewallis Shirley, 10th Earl Ferrers inherited the hall in 1859 and sold most of the land. Robert Shirley, 12th Earl Ferrers gifted the church to the National Trust and put the estate up for auction. In 1955 it was acquired by Leonard Cheshire for use as a Cheshire Home and sold in 1980 to be used as a Sue Ryder care home.
In 2003, after fifty years of institutional use, the Hall is again family owned and occupied by the Blunt family. Part of the building is used for wedding and conference purposes. The stable block is occupied by a number of small craft enterprises.

</doc>
<doc id="36655617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655617" title="Kanika Beckles">
Kanika Beckles

Kanika Beckles (born 30 October 1991 in Saint Joseph) is a Trinidadian-born Grenadian sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. She represented Grenada at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36655620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655620" title="Martin Wolfram">
Martin Wolfram

Martin Wolfram (born 29 January 1992 in Dresden) is a German diver. He represented Germany at the 2012 Summer Olympics. At the time he competed in the Olympics, his height was 5'0" (1m 64 cm) and his weight was 123 lbs (56 kg). Martin injured his arm whilst diving in the 10m platform competition. He finished 4th in the preliminary rounds with 496.80, 5th in the semi-finals with 519.00 and 8th in the finals 506.65. He was flown back to Germany after his injury.

</doc>
<doc id="36655621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655621" title="I heard a Fly buzz—when I died">
I heard a Fly buzz—when I died

I heard a Fly buzz—when I died, also known as Poem 465, is the informal name for an untitled poem by American author Emily Dickinson. In the poem, the narrator is on his or her deathbed, describing the progression of the narrator's death.
Text.
<poem>
</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="36655631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655631" title="Karachi West District">
Karachi West District

Karachi West District () is an administrative district of Karachi Division in Sindh, Pakistan. It is located in the western part of Karachi.
The District was abolished in 2000 and divided into four towns namely Kemari Town, SITE Town, Baldia Town and Orangi Town. 
On 11 July 2011 Sindh Government restored again Karachi West District.
The district contains mix population including Biharis, Sindhi, Baloch, Punjabis, Pashtuns and Muhajirs. No single ethnic group form established majority in the district. 

</doc>
<doc id="36655633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655633" title="The Man Who Turned to Stone">
The Man Who Turned to Stone

The Man Who Turned to Stone is a 1956 science fiction film directed by László Kardos. It stars Victor Jory, William Hudson and Charlotte Austin.
Plot.
200 years ago, a group of doctors learned to extended their lives by draining the vitality of others. Without such a tranfusion, they begin to petrify. They become the staff doctors of a girls' reform school, assuring a supply of vital young bodies. However outsiders sent to the school, Doctor Jess Rogers and social worker Carol Adams, become suspicious of the unusual number of otherwise healthy inmates dying of heart failure or suicide.

</doc>
<doc id="36655635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655635" title="Christofer Eskilsson">
Christofer Eskilsson

Christofer Eskilsson (born 20 April 1989) is a Swedish diver. He is competing for Sweden at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36655643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655643" title="Sebastián Villa">
Sebastián Villa

Sebastián Villa (born 21 February 1992) is a Colombian diver. He is competing for Colombia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36655650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655650" title="Hristina Risteska">
Hristina Risteska

Hristina Risteska (born 21 December 1991 in Prilep) is a Macedonian sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. She represented Macedonia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36655654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655654" title="Andrea Chiarabini">
Andrea Chiarabini

Andrea Chiarabini (born 12 March 1995) is an Italian diver. He is competing for Italy at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36655659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655659" title="Magomed Vagabov">
Magomed Vagabov

Magomed Vagabov, also known as Emir Seyfullah or Seyfullah Gubdensky was the leader of the militant Vilayat Dagestan organisation in the Russian Republic of Dagestan, and the Supreme Qadi of the Caucasus Emirate.
Biography.
An ethnic Dargin, Vagabov was born in the Dagestani village of Gubden. In 1990, he took part in rallies, led by the Salafist Sheikh Muhammad Bagauddin, for Soviet Muslims to be allowed to make the Hajj pilgrimage. After the collapse of the Soviet Union, a group of Arabs in the Islamic missionary organisation Tablighi Jamaat visited his native village in 1992. Vagabov, who spoke Arabic, served as their interpreter, and travelled with them around Dagestan.
In 1994 the 19-year old Vagabov went for religious instruction in Pakistan, where he memorized the Koran. He moved onto Karachi, where he studied Shariah and learnt Farsi and Urdu. In 1997 he returned to Dagestan and open a mosque in Gubden. In the same year he reportedly travelled to Chechnya and attended a training camp ran by the Arab field commander Khattab.
He returned to Dagestan, and took part in militant activities before he turned himself into the authorities in 2001 during an amnesty. He would return to militancy and work his way up the ranks of Shariat Jamaat. In mid-July 2010, Dokku Umarov appointed Vagabov as both the emir of Vilayat Dagestan and the Qadi of the Caucasus Emirate Sharia court, filling the positions previously held by the late Umalat Magomedov and Anzor Astemirov respectively.
In 2010 he took part in organizing the 2010 Moscow Metro bombings, killing 40 people and wounding more than 100. It was reported that one of the suicide bombers, Mariam Sharipova, was his wife, although her father denied this.
Vagabov and 4 other militants were killed during a raid by the FSB in the village of Gunib in August 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36655662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655662" title="Eric Sehn">
Eric Sehn

Eric Sehn (born 16 November 1984) is a Canadian diver. He competed for Canada at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36655663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655663" title="Berkeley Bowl">
Berkeley Bowl

Berkeley Bowl is an independent grocery store in Berkeley, California. owned by Glenn and Diane Yasuda. They sell organic and natural products at relatively low prices and maintain an extensive produce section. The business name stems from their first store location, in a former bowling alley. In 2008, the Los Angeles Times wrote that it was "this strident city's most popular grocery store."
It was started as a small local grocery store in 1977 and now has two locations in Berkeley.

</doc>
<doc id="36655664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655664" title="Van Hoof">
Van Hoof

Van Hoof is a Dutch toponymic surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36655667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655667" title="Ingrid Yahoska Narvaez">
Ingrid Yahoska Narvaez

Ingrid Yahoska Narvaez (born 15 February 1994 in Tola) is a Nicaraguan sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. She represented Nicaragua at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36655674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655674" title="David Laperrière">
David Laperrière

David Laperrière (May 7, 1868 – May 18, 1932) was a Canadian provincial politician. He was the Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Yamaska from 1923 to 1931. He was also mayor of Pierreville from 1914 to 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="36655678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36655678" title="Rigelj, Kočevje">
Rigelj, Kočevje

Rigelj (; also "Rigelj na Rogu", ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Stari Breg.
History.
Rigelj was a Gottschee German village. Before the Second World War the settlement had eight houses. Italian troops burned the area in the summer of 1942 during the Rog Offensive and the settlement was not rebuilt.

</doc>
