<doc id="36856931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856931" title="James Olson (author)">
James Olson (author)

James Olson (born Chet Myles Olson; June 27, 1943) is an American philosopher and author. A generalist, his primary focus is on the effects of functional lateralization on consciousness and human behavior. Olson is the author of "The Whole-Brain Path to Peace" (Origin Press, 2011), a book that seeks to explain human behavior by focusing on mental perspective, the initial stage of perception, rather than on the whole of perception—the latter being the more common approach to understanding the roots of behavior.
As shared in Olson’s speaking engagements and radio interviews, his passion is to help bring a greater measure of peace to this planet by reducing the level of conflict through greater self-understanding. Olson believes that mental conflict is initiated in the brain/mind complex, the result of profound differences in the polar left hemisphere and the non-polar right hemisphere as expressed though the unique perspectives and ideas that they generate. According to Olson, the perceptual and ideological conflicts that arise can often be consciously eliminated by understanding the two hemispheres as a complementary whole rather than as parts.
Early life.
Olson was born in Kansas City, Missouri. He grew up on a farm near Waynoka, Oklahoma, and was an active 4-H member.
A former church deacon, Olson began with a core of conservative Christian values, which were later complemented by the study of other religions and the acquisition of more liberal values as a result of having lived in Paris, France, Vienna, Austria, Murnau, Germany, Schwäbisch Hall, Germany, and Iserlohn, Germany.
After attending Oklahoma State University, Stillwater from 1961-1963, and the University of Vienna, Austria in 1963, Olson graduated with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the University of Oklahoma, Norman. In 1967 he attended graduate school at the University of Missouri-Kansas City.
Current, ongoing work.
In July, 2012, Olson published a research paper on the topic of sexual orientation, “The Role of Brain Dominance in Sexual Orientation”, that has garnered critical media recognition in traditional and LGBT outlets, based on the prevailing controversies around the topic of sexual orientation.
Following the unifying guidelines of philosophy and drawing on his wide-ranging education, Olson has stated that his mission is to help bring the planet’s masculine and feminine energies into greater balance, and therefore into a more peaceful state, through his advocacy of whole-brain thinking.
Previous career.
From 1968 – 1987, James Olson worked in agriculture in Woods County, Oklahoma, primarily farming wheat and alfalfa.
Awards.
"The Whole-Brain Path to Peace" is the recipient of several book awards:
Works.
"The Whole-Brain Path to Peace: The Role of Left- and Right-Brain Dominance in the Polarization and Reunification of America" (ISBN 978-1579830557), Origin Press, 2011
“The Role of Brain Dominance in Sexual Orientation”, article, July, 2012
“The Holistic Perspective is the Path to Peace”, article in "Wisdom Magazine", Summer 2011
“The Brain's Role in Sexual Orientation”, Guest Opinion in "The Bay Area Reporter Online", July 26, 2012
“Our Brains on Peace”, article in "Light of Consciousness" magazine, Spring 2012
"Jesus One: The Life and Wisdom of Jesus in Scripture" (ISBN 978-0940298002), Spiritwarrior Publishing Company, 1981
"Jesus Two: The Life and Wisdom of Jesus" (ISBN 0-940298-03-1), Spiritwarrior Publishing Company, 1982

</doc>
<doc id="36856948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856948" title="Spanish Colombian">
Spanish Colombian

A Spanish Colombian is a Colombian of Spanish descent. Spain conquered the land now known as Colombia in the 16th century. Thus, its immigration is the most important to Colombia, whose official language is Spanish and its culture derived in great part from that of Spain.
History.
The Spanish arrived in Colombia in 1500 to conquer the land. They built several settlements in territories of the Chibcha Confederation and placed a new order of the territory according to the interests of each group conqueror. This ordinance responded to resources that were in the settlements, a process which is generally not taken into account the views of the people who lived there. These establishments continued for the next three centuries with an expansion and colonial warrior, besides introducing a large number of black African population as slave labor, progress on indigenous peoples and palenqueros that newspapers were subject to displacement.
In 1499 the Spanish explorer Alonso de Ojeda arrived on the coast of northern Colombia (Cabo de la Vela) accompanied by Amerigo Vespucci who appoint the mainland with the current name in honor of Christopher Columbus. In 1501 Rodrigo de Bastidas crossed the coast between Cartagena de Indias and La Guajira and Magdalena River discovered. In 1510 Alonso de Ojeda founded San Sebastián de Urabá, the first Spanish settlement on the mainland, but that same year its provisional ruling, Francisco Pizarro, decided to leave and moved to a site in the Gulf of Urabá and founded under the direction of Martín Fernández de Enciso to Santa María la Antigua del Darién. This city, the capital of the first Spanish governor in the Castilla del Oro, was in turn abandoned in 1517. With Santa Marta (1525) and Cartagena (1533), established the Spanish control of the coast. The conquistador Gonzalo Jimenez de Quesada entered a vast area in the central region of Cundinamarca and Boyacá, conquering the powerful Chibcha culture, founding the city of Santa Fe de Bogota, Tunja ordering founding Gonzalo Suarez Rendon and naming the New Kingdom of Granada region.
To establish a civil government in New Granada created a Real Audiencia in Santa Fe de Bogota in 1548-1549. The Royal Court was a body that combined executive and judicial authority until the establishment of a presidency or governorship in 1564 assuming executive powers. Until 1550 the territory of Colombia was formed by the governors of Santa Marta and Cartagena, which were subject to the Audiencia of Santo Domingo, and Popayan that was subject to the viceroyalty of Peru. The jurisdiction of the Real Audiencia de Santa fé de Bogotá include these governorates since 1550 and was extended in time over the surrounding provinces that were forming around the country corresponding to the New Granada.
In 1717 Santa Fe de Bogotá would become the capital of the Viceroyalty of New Granada, although suspended in 1724 due to financial problems, was reinstated in 1740 and continued until the loss of Spanish power over the territories in the 1810s.
The paisas have been considered an isolated population, and therefore different. They are mostly of Spanish descent, because Spanish men who settled in the region during the 16th and 17th centuries were accompanied by their wives. The mountains isolated the population until the late 19th century, when entered in Antioquia industrial revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="36856965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856965" title="Ko Hawai'i Nei Pae 'Āina">
Ko Hawai'i Nei Pae 'Āina

The Hawaiian Archipelago was incorporated into the archipelagic state, Ko Hawaii Nei Pae Āina /Ko Hawaii Pae Āina Mahele Trust, its first multilateral treaty is with England, and France. The Ahupuaa system of usufruct is the maximum decentralization of government achieved by this civil society (2200BP Fredrickson). These ancient regulations are fixed in the Constitutions, Statute Laws, Penal and Civil Codes of the Hawaiian Islands. 
The following documents are all available free on advanced book search. Mahalo a nui loa to g books and all of the Universities and Consulates for most generously donating these original official government publications for the advancement of education and research.
Hawaiian organic documents.
Organizing Documents 
Hawaiian statute laws.
Prescriptions (Passed by the Houses of Nobles and Representatives in legislative council assembled.)
Hawaiian subject.
All persons born within the jurisdiction of this kingdom, whether of alien foreigners, of naturalized or of native parents, and all persons born abroad of a parent native of this kingdom, and afterwards coming to reside in this, shall be deemed to owe native allegiance to His Majesty. All such persons shall be amenable to the laws of this kingdom as native subjects. All persons born abroad of foreign parents, shall, unless duly naturalized, as in this article prescribed, be deemed aliens, and treated as such, pursuant to the laws. 
"The following official Hawaiian language translation of the above government publication in the English language".
kanaka maoli.
"Kanaka maoli",O na kanaka a pau i hanau malalo o ka malu o keia Aupuni, ina na na makua o ke Aupuni e, a ina na haole hoohiki i kanaka Hawaii, a ina na na kanaka maoli, a me ka poe i hanau ma ka aina e, ina no keia Aupuni na makua, a mahope hele mai na keiki e noho haanei, e manaoia kela poe a pau, he aie i ka hoolohe i ka Moi, ke alii ka lakou ma ka hanau ana, a e kau no ke kanawai o keia Aupuni maluna o lakou. o na kanaka a pau i hanau ma na aina e, ina no ka aina e na makua, a hoohiki ole hoi e like me ka olelo iloko o keia haawina alaila. e manaoia lakou he lahui e, a e hanaia'ku lakou e na'lii o keia Aupuni pela, e like nae me ka olelo o ke kanawai. (1845-1846, Helu 1, 2 Kanawai, Apana 1, Mokuna 5, Haawina 1, Pau ku 3. pages 58–59)
Hawaiian judicial precedent.
The common law of England, as ascertained by English and American decisions, is hereby declared to be the common law of the Hawaiian Islands in all cases, except as otherwise expressly provided by the Hawaiian Constitution or laws, or fixed by Hawaiian judicial precedent, or established by Hawaiian national usage, provided however, that no person shall be subject to criminal proceedings except as provided by the Hawaiian laws. (1892,ch.LVII,sec.V.)c57s5).
Executive department reports.
Biennial Reports to the Legislative Assembly
SECTION 178 BOARD OF HEALTH 

</doc>
<doc id="36856978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856978" title="Northern Mali conflict">
Northern Mali conflict

On 16 January 2012, several insurgent groups began fighting a campaign against the Malian government for independence or greater autonomy for northern Mali, an area known as Azawad. The National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad (MNLA), an organization fighting to make Azawad an independent homeland for the Tuareg people, had taken control of the region by April 2012.
On 22 March 2012, President Amadou Toumani Touré was ousted in a coup d'état over his handling of the crisis, a month before a presidential election was to have taken place. Mutinous soldiers, calling themselves the National Committee for the Restoration of Democracy and State (CNRDR), took control and suspended the constitution of Mali. As a consequence of the instability following the coup, Mali's three largest northern cities—Kidal, Gao and Timbuktu—were overrun by the rebels on three consecutive days. On 5 April 2012, after the capture of Douentza, the MNLA said that it had accomplished its goals and called off its offensive. The following day, it proclaimed Azawad's independence from Mali.
The MNLA were initially backed by the Islamist group Ansar Dine. After the Malian military was driven from Azawad, Ansar Dine and a number of smaller Islamist groups began imposing strict Sharia law. The MNLA and Islamists struggled to reconcile their conflicting visions for an intended new state. Afterwards, the MNLA began fighting against Ansar Dine and other Islamist groups, including Movement for Oneness and Jihad in West Africa (MOJWA/MUJAO), a splinter group of Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb. By 17 July 2012, the MNLA had lost control of most of northern Mali's cities to the Islamists.
The government of Mali asked for foreign military help to re-take the north. On 11 January 2013, the French military began operations against the Islamists. Forces from other African Union states were deployed shortly after. By 8 February, the Islamist-held territory had been re-taken by the Malian military, with help from the international coalition. Tuareg separatists have continued to fight the Islamists as well, although the MNLA has also been accused of carrying out attacks against the Malian military.
A peace deal between the government and Tuareg rebels was signed on 18 June 2013 but on 26 September 2013 the rebels pulled out of the peace agreement and claimed that the government hadn't respected its commitments to the truce. Fighting is still ongoing even though French forces are scheduled for withdrawal.
Background.
In the early 1990s Tuareg and Arab nomads formed the Mouvement Populaire de l’Azaouad/Azawad People's Movement (MPA) and declared war for independence of Azawad. Despite peace agreements with the government of Mali in 1991 and 1995 a growing dissatisfaction among the former Tuareg fighters, who had been integrated into the Military of Mali, led to new fighting in 2007. Despite historically having difficulty maintaining alliances between secular and Islamist factions the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad allied itself with the Islamist groups Ansar Dine and Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and began the 2012 Northern Mali conflict.
The MNLA was an offshoot of a political movement known as the National Movement for Azawad (MNA) prior to the insurgency. After the end of the Libyan civil war, an influx of weaponry led to the arming of the Tuareg in their demand for independence for the Azawad. The strength of this uprising and the use of heavy weapons, which were not present in the previous conflicts, were said to have "surprised" Malian officials and observers.
Though dominated by Tuaregs, the MNLA stated that they represented other ethnic groups as well, and were reportedly joined by some Arab leaders. The MNLA's leader Bilal Ag Acherif said that the onus was on Mali to either give the Saharan peoples their self-determination or they would take it themselves.
Another Tuareg-dominated group, the Islamist Ansar Dine ("Defenders of Faith"), initially fought alongside the MNLA against the government. Unlike the MNLA, it did not seek independence but rather the imposition of Islamic law (Sharia) across Mali. The movement's leader Iyad Ag Ghaly was part of the early 1990s rebellion and has been reported to be linked to an offshoot of Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) that is led by his cousin Hamada Ag Hama as well as Algeria's Département du Renseignement et de la Sécurité (DRS).
Mali was going through several crises at once that favored the rise of the conflict:
Tuareg rebellion (January–April 2012).
The first attacks of the rebellion took place in Ménaka, a small town in far eastern Mali, on 16 and 17 January 2012. On 17 January, attacks in Aguelhok and Tessalit were reported. The Mali government claimed to have regained control of all three towns the next day. On 24 January, the rebels retook Aguelhok after the Malian army ran out of ammunition. The next day the Mali government once again recaptured the city. Mali launched air and land counter operations to take back the seized territory, amid protests in Bamako and Kati. Malian president Amadou Toumani Touré then reorganised his senior commanders for the fight against the rebels.
On 1 February 2012, the MNLA took control of the city of Menaka when the Malian army operated what they called a tactical retreat. The violence in the north led to counter protests in the capital city of Bamako. Dozens of Malian soldiers were also killed in fighting in Aguelhok. On 6 February, rebel forces attacked Kidal, a regional capital.
On 4 March 2012, a new round of fighting was reported near the formerly rebel-held town of Tessalit. The next day, three Malian army units gave up trying to lift the siege. The United States Air Force air-dropped supplies via a C-130 in support of the besieged Malian soldiers. On 11 March, the MNLA re-took Tessalit and its airport, and the Malian military forces fled towards the border with Algeria.
The rebels advanced to about 125 kilometers away from Timbuktu and their advance was unchecked when they entered without fighting in the towns of Diré and Goundam. Ansar Dine stated that it had control of the Mali-Algeria border.
Coup d'état.
On 21 March 2012, soldiers dissatisfied with the course of the conflict attacked Defense Minister Sadio Gassama as he arrived to speak to them. They then stoned the minister's car, forcing him to flee the camp. Later that day, soldiers stormed the presidential palace, forcing Touré into hiding.
The next morning, Captain Amadou Sanogo, the chairman of the new National Committee for the Restoration of Democracy and State (CNRDR), made a television appearance in which he announced that the junta had suspended Mali's constitution and taken control of the nation. The mutineers cited Touré's alleged poor handling of the insurgency and the lack of equipment for the Malian Army as their reasons for the rebellion. The CNRDR would serve as an interim regime until power could be returned to a new, democratically elected government.
The coup was "unanimously condemned" by the international community, including by the United Nations Security Council, the African Union, and the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), the latter of which announced on 29 March that the CNRDR had 72 hours to relinquish control before landlocked Mali's borders would be closed by its neighbours, its assets would be frozen by the West African Economic and Monetary Union, and individuals in the CNRDR would receive freezes on their assets and travel bans. ECOWAS and the African Union also suspended Mali. The U.S., the World Bank, and the African Development Bank suspended development aid funds in support of ECOWAS and the AU's reactions to the coup.
Côte d'Ivoire President Alassane Ouattara, who was the rotational chairman of ECOWAS, said that once the civilian government was restored an ECOWAS stand-by force of 2,000 soldiers could intervene against the rebellion. Burkina Faso's President Blaise Compaore was appointed as a mediator by ECOWAS to resolve the crisis. An agreement was reached between the junta and ECOWAS negotiators on 6 April, in which both Sanogo and Touré would resign, sanctions would be lifted, the mutineers would be granted amnesty, and power would pass to National Assembly of Mali Speaker Diouncounda Traoré. Following Traoré's inauguration, he pledged to "wage a total and relentless war" on the Tuareg rebels unless they released their control of northern Malian cities.
Continued offensive.
During the uncertainty following the coup, the rebels launched an offensive with the aim of capturing several towns and army camps abandoned by the Malian army. Though the offensive ostensibly included both the MNLA and Ansar Dine, according to Jeremy Keenan of the University of London's School of Oriental and African Studies, Ansar Dine's military contribution was slight: "What seems to happen is that when they move into a town, the MNLA take out the military base – not that there's much resistance – and Iyad Aghaly goes into town and puts up his flag and starts bossing everyone around about Sharia law."
On 30 March 2012, the rebels seized control of Kidal, the capital of Kidal Region, as well as Ansongo and Bourem in Gao Region. On 31 March, Gao fell to the rebels, and both MNLA and Ansar Dine flags appeared in the city. The following day, rebels attacked Timbuktu, the last major government-controlled city in the north; they captured it with little fighting. The speed and ease with which the rebels took control of the north was attributed in large part to the confusion created in the army's coup, leading Reuters to describe it as "a spectacular own-goal".
On 6 April 2012, stating that it had secured all of its desired territory, the MNLA declared independence from Mali. However, the declaration was rejected as invalid by the African Union and the European Union.
Islamist–nationalist conflict (June–November 2012).
After the withdrawal of Malian government forces from the region, former co-belligerents Ansar Dine, MOJWA, and the MNLA soon found themselves in conflict with each other as well as the populace.
On 5 April 2012, Islamists, possibly from AQIM or MOJWA, entered the Algerian consulate in Gao and took hostages. The MNLA succeeded in negotiating their release without violence, and one MNLA commander said that the movement had decided to disarm other armed groups. On 8 April, a mostly Arab militia calling itself the National Liberation Front of Azawad (FNLA) announced its intention to oppose Tuareg rule, battle the MNLA, and "return to peace and economic activity"; the group claimed to consist of 500 fighters.
The MNLA clashed with protesters in Gao on 14 May, reportedly injuring four and killing one. On 6 June, residents of Kidal protested against the imposition of Sharia in the town and in support of MNLA, protests which were violently dispersed by Ansar Dine members. By the night of 8 June, MNLA and Ansar Dine rebels clashed against each other in the city with automatic weapons, with two dying in the skirmish.
In early June, Nigerien president Mahamadou Issoufou stated that Afghan and Pakistani jihadists were training Azawadi Islamist rebels.
Battle of Gao and aftermath.
Clashes began to escalate between the MNLA and the Islamists after a merger attempt failed, despite the signing of a power-sharing treaty.
Protests broke out on 26 June 2012 in the city of Gao, the majority of whose people are not Tuaregs (as opposed to the MNLA), but rather sub-Saharan groups such as the Songhay and Fula peoples. The protestors opposed the Tuareg rebels and the partition of Mali. Two were killed as a result of the protests, allegedly by MNLA troops. The protesters used both Malian and Islamist flags, and France 24 reported that many locals supported the Islamists as a result of their opposition to the Tuareg nationalists and the secession of Azawad.
On 26 June 2012, the tension came to all-out combat in Gao between the MNLA and MOJWA, with both sides firing heavy weapons. MNLA Secretary General Bilal ag Acherif was wounded in the battle. The MNLA were soon driven from the city, and from Kidal and Timbuktu shortly after. However, the MNLA stated that it continued to maintain forces and control some rural areas in the region.
As of October 2012, the MNLA retained control of the city of Ménaka, with hundreds of people taking refuge in the city from the rule of the Islamists, and the city of Tinzawatene near the Algerian border. In the same month, a splinter group broke off from the MNLA; calling itself the Front for the Liberation of the Azawad (FPA), the group stated that Tuareg independence was no longer a realistic goal and that they must concentrate on fighting the Islamists.
Takeover of Douentza and Ménaka.
On 1 September 2012, MOJWA took over the southern town of Douentza, which had previously been held by a Songhai secular militia, the Ganda Iso. A MOJWA spokesman said that the group had had an agreement with the Ganda Iso, but had decided to occupy the town when the militia appeared to be acting independently, and gained control of the town following a brief standoff with Ganda Iso. Once MOJWA troops surrounded the city, the militia reportedly surrendered without a fight and were disarmed.
On 16 November 2012, Tuareg MNLA forces launched an offensive against Gao in an attempt to retake the town. However, by the end of the day, the Tuaregs were beaten back by the MOJWA forces after the Islamists laid an ambush for them. A Malian security source said that at least a dozen MNLA fighters were killed while the Islamists suffered only one dead. An MNLA official stated that their forces killed 13 MOJWA fighters and wounded 17, while they suffered only nine wounded.
On 19 November 2012, MOJWA and AQIM forces took over the eastern town of Ménaka, which had previously been held by the MNLA, with dozens of fighters from both sides and civilians killed. On the first day of fighting, the MNLA claimed its forces killed 65 Islamist fighters, while they suffered only one dead and 13 wounded. The Islamists for their part stated they killed more than 100 MNLA fighters and captured 20.
Foreign intervention (January 2013).
Following requests from both the Mali government and ECOWAS for foreign military intervention, on 12 October 2012 the United Nations Security Council unanimously, under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, passed a French resolution approving an African-led force to assist the army of Mali in combating the Islamist militants. The resolution gave 45 days for "detailed and actionable recommendations" for military intervention which would be drafted by ECOWAS and the African Union, with a figure of 3,000 proposed troops reported. A prior ECOWAS plan had been rejected by diplomats as lacking sufficient detail.
While authorising the planning of force, and dedicating UN resources to this planning, UN Security Council Resolution 2071 does not authorize the deployment of force. However, UN Security Council Resolution 2085, passed on 20 December 2012, "authorizes the deployment of an African-led International Support Mission in Mali (AFISMA) for an initial period of one year."
On 8 January 2013, rebels were reported by Al Jazeera to have captured 12 Malian government troops near the town of Konna. On the same day, RFI reports that governmental troops fired warning shots and slightly progressed from Konna toward Douentza.
On 27 January, the African Union held a summit in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Outgoing AU chairperson Thomas Boni Yayi, the president of Benin, told fellow leaders their response to conflict in Mali had been too slow, and thanked France, the country's former colonial ruler, for taking the lead in its military intervention there. African leaders are expected to stay behind for a donor conference on 29 January to drum up support for the African-led mission in Mali. After the meeting, the AU gave its member countries one week to deploy ground troops to Mali.
MNLA realigns with the Malian Government.
By December, the now displaced MNLA began peace talks with the Malian government and relinquished its previous goal of Azawadi independence in favor of a request for self-rule within Mali. After the French entry in January 2013, the MNLA spokesman in Paris, Moussa Ag Assarid (who had criticized the splinter group FPA months earlier for giving up on independence) declared that the MNLA was "ready to help" their former opponents in the fight against the Islamists. At this time, the MNLA controlled no big localities and was only strong in rural and desert areas near the borders with Mauritania, Algeria and Niger, having been driven off from most of its claimed territory by Islamist groups.
After the declaration, the MNLA re-engaged the Islamist forces, and, with the help of one defecting Islamist faction, retook the cities of Tessalit and Kidal (the site of earlier pro-MNLA protests against the Islamists) in late January.
Battle of Konna and French intervention.
On 10 January 2013, Islamist forces captured the strategic town of Konna, located 600 km from the capital, from the Malian army. Later, an estimated 1,200 Islamist fighters advanced to within 20 kilometers of Mopti, a nearby Mali military garrison town.
The following day, the French military launched Opération Serval, intervening in the conflict. According to analysts, the French were forced to act sooner than planned because of the importance of Sévaré military airport, located 60 km south of Konna, for further operations. The operation included the use of Gazelle helicopters from the Special forces, which stopped an Islamist column advancing to Mopti, and the use of four Mirage 2000-D jets of the Armée de l'Air operating from a base in Chad. 12 targets were hit by the Mirages during the night between the 11th and the 12th. The French chief of army staff, Édouard Guillaud, announced that the Islamists had withdrawn from Konna and retreated several dozen of kilometres into the north. The air strikes reportedly destroyed half a dozen Islamist armed pick-up trucks and a rebel command center. One French pilot, Lieutenant Damien Boiteux, was killed after his attack helicopter was downed by ground fire during the operation.
During the night of 11 January 2013, the Malian army, backed by French troops, claimed it had regained control of the town of Konna, and claimed to have killed over 100 Islamists. Afterwards, a Malian lieutenant said that mopping up operations were taking place around Konna. AFP witnesses had seen dozens of Islamist corpses around Konna, with one saying he counted 46 bodies. The French stated four rebel vehicles were hit by their airstrikes, while the Mali Army claimed nearly 30 vehicles were bombed. Several dozens of Malian soldiers and 10 civilians were also killed. A resident of Gao, the headquarters of the MOJWA, said that the city's hospital had been overwhelmed with dead and wounded. In all, one local resident counted 148 bodies around Konna.
In the wake of the French deployment, ECOWAS said that it had ordered troops to be deployed immediately to Mali, the UN Security Council said that the previously planned UN-led force would be deployed in the near future, and the European Union said it had increased preparations for sending military training troops into Mali. The MNLA also offered to join the offensive against the Islamists.
On 12 January the British government announced that it was deploying two Royal Air Force C-17 transport planes in a non-combat role to ferry primarily French but also potentially African forces into Mali.
On 13 January, regional security sources announced the death in Konna of Abdel Krim nicknamed "Kojak", a high level leader in the Ansardine group. French defense minister Le Drian said that new airstrikes were ongoing in Mali, happened during the last night and will happen the next day as well. A resident of Léré told that airstrikes had been conducted in the area. The airstrikes were concentrated on three areas, Konna, Léré and Douentza. Two helicopters were seen attacking Islamist positions in Gao. A dozen strikes targeted the city and its outskirts. A resident reported that all Islamist bases around Gao had been taken out of operation by the strikes. An Islamist base in Kidal was targeted by the French air force. French defence minister Le Drian, announced that four Rafale fighters had participated in the Gao airstrikes. They left France and are now based in Chad.
It was reported that following the strikes which destroyed their bases, the MUJAO forces left Gao. Residents reported that 60 Islamists died in the Gao airstrikes. Some other were hiding in the houses and picked the dead bodies during the night.
On 14 January, the Islamists attacked the city of Diabaly 400 km north of Bamako, in the government-held areas. They came from the Mauritanian border where they fled to avoid the airstrikes. The AQIM leader known as Abu Zeid was leading the operation. On the same day, Islamists pledged to launch attacks on French soil. Jihadists took control of Diabaly a few hours after their attacks.
On 15 January, the French defense minister confirmed that the Mali military had still not recaptured Konna from rebel forces, despite earlier claims that they did. Meanwhile, the Royal Canadian Air Force dispatched a C-17 transport plane to Mali in a similar role as those of the British C-17s. The Danish Parliament decided to contribute a C-130 transport plane and the Belgian government made the decision to send two C-130s along with one Medical Component Agusta A109 Medevac medical evacuation helicopter along with 80 support personnel to Mali.
In Aménas hostage crisis.
On 16 January, it was reported that a group of AQIM militants had crossed the border from Mali into Algeria and had captured an Algerian/Statoil/BP-owned natural gas field, In Aménas, near the border with Libya. The militants were reported to have killed two foreign nationals and were holding 41 foreign nationals hostage, and a spokesman for the group said that the purpose of the attack was to get revenge on the countries that had intervened in Mali. The hostages reportedly included several American, Japanese, British, Romanian,Filipino and Norwegian citizens. Algeria was reportedly negotiating with the militants to try and obtain the hostages' release.
On 19 January 11 militants and 7 hostages were killed in a final assault to end the standoff. In addition, 16 foreign hostages were freed, including 2 Americans, 2 Germans, and 1 Portuguese.
Malian northward advance.
On 16 January, French special forces, along with the Malian army, began fighting small and mobile groups of jihadists inside the city of Diabaly, but the French defense minister has denied the presence of French troops fighting in Diabaly.
On the same day, the government of Spain approved the dispatch of one transport aircraft to Mali for the purposes of logistical and training support. Meanwhile, the government of Germany authorized the contribution of two Transall C-160 transport aircraft to ferry African troops into the capital Bamako. Likewise, the government of Italy pledged air transport-based logistical support.
On 17 January, Banamba was put on alert after Islamists were reportedly spotted near the town. The Malian army immediately deployed 100 soldiers to the town, which were reinforced later. A convoy of Islamists reportedly left Diabaly and was heading towards Banamba on the same day, but no fighting ultimately took place in the town.
On 18 January, the Malian Army released a statement claiming to have complete control of Konna again. The claim was confirmed by residents of Konna as well as a spokesman for Ansar al-Dine. The same day, rebels were driven out of Diabaly according to multiple local sources.
Reports came out on 19 January that residents of Gao had lynched Aliou Toure, a prominent Islamist leader and the MOJWA police commissioner of the city, in retaliation for the killing of a local journalist, Kader Toure. AFP cited local reports saying that the Islamists were beginning to leave other areas under their control to seek refuge in the mountainous and difficult-to-access Kidal Region. On the same day, two Nigerian soldiers were killed and five were injured by Islamists near the Nigerian town of Okene as they were heading toward Mali.
On 20 January, the United States denied that they had attempted to bill the French for American support in the conflict. USAF C-17s began to fly in French troops and supplies the next day.
On 21 January French and Malian troops entered Diabaly without resistance. Douentza was also taken on the same day.
On the evening of 24 January Malian soldiers took control of Hombori. On the same day a splinter group of Ansar al-Dine, calling itself the Islamic Movement for Azawad (MIA), stated that it wanted to seek a peaceful solution to the conflict and urged France and Mali to cease hostilities in the north in order "to create a climate of peace which will pave the way for an inclusive political dialogue".
On 26 January, French Special Forces took over the airport and an important bridge in the city of Gao which remained largely Islamist-held. The troops reported "harassment" from Islamist forces but no solid resistance to their operations. The city was taken by a French backed Malian force later that day.
A new split happened in Ansar Dine, with one of its commanders in Léré, Kamou Ag Meinly quitting the group and joining the MNLA.
On 27 January, French and Malian forces encircled Timbuktu and began securing the city. After gaining the airport on 27 January, the next day, Malian and French military sources claimed that the entire area between Gao and Timbuktu was under government control and access to the city was available. The city was fully taken by French and Malian forces by the next day.
On 28 January, the MNLA took control of Kidal with the help of the Islamic Movement of Azawad (MIA), an Ansar Dine breakaway group that split after the international intervention. The MNLA also took control of the towns of Tessalit and in Khalil. Apparently, fighters who deserted the MNLA for the better financed Ansar Dine were now returning to the MNLA. Islamists were reported to have fled to the mountains.
On 29 January, the first non-Malian African troops entered North Mali. Nigerien soldiers occupied Ansongo and Chadian troops, Ménaka. The more numerous Chadian Army was also reported as moving north from Ménaka in support of the Malian Army.
On 30 January, French reached Kidal airport. No Malian soldiers were with them, as a confrontation with Tuaregs was feared. The town was reportedly under control of fighters from both the MNLA and MIA. The MNLA, however denied any collaboration or even a desire to collaborate with the MIA, and stated that their fighters were maintaining control of the town alongside French forces. Many leaders of Ansar Dine left Iyad Ag Ghali. Delegations from the MNLA and MIA left for Ouagadougou to negotiate with Malian officials.
On 2 February, Chadian troops from MISMA reached Kidal and stationed in a deserted base in the city. Their general said that they had no problem with the MNLA and had good relations with them. On the same day, the French President, François Hollande, joined Mali's interim President, Dioncounda Traoré, in a public appearance in recently recaptured Timbuktu.
On 5 February, according to Chadian news stations, 24 Chadian soldiers were killed and 11 were wounded when they were ambushed by jihadists during a patrol north of Kidal. The information was neither denied nor confirmed by Chadian and Malian authorities. However, the Chadian government did mention that 11 soldiers were injured in a "traffic accident" north of Kidal.
On 8 February, French and Chadian troops announced that they had occupied Tessalit near the Algerian border, the seat of one of the last airports still not controlled by the Malian government and its allies.
Guerrilla phase.
Islamist and Tuareg forces were reported to have retreated to the Adrar des Ifoghas, rugged badlands in northeastern Mali. Knowledge of and control over local sources of water is expected to play a vital role in continuing conflict in that area. On 19 February, France began a new operation ("Panther") intended to subdue the region.
Between 8 and 10 February, MUJAO – who had been harassing government forces from the outskirts since Malian and French forces took the city on 26 January – launched the first two suicide attacks of the war in Gao, resulting in the death of the two bombers and injuring a Malian soldier and a civilian. Islamist fighters armed with AK-47s then crossed the Niger River on canoes, took over an abandoned police station and deployed snipers in nearby buildings in anticipation of the government forces' counterattack. The situation was controlled by pro-government forces after heavy fighting which included an air attack on the police station by French helicopters.
On 19 February, Islamists attacked a French parachute regiment of 150 soldiers supported by a heavy vehicle patrol and Mirage fighter jets. One French commando, a sergeant, was killed and so were 20 Islamist militants.
Gao was attacked a second time on 20 February. Islamists again crossed the Niger and came close to the city hall, possibly with help from locals. The same day, a car bomb exploded in Kidal killing two people. The fighting in Gao subsided after five Islamists were killed by Malian soldiers.
On 22 February 13 Chadian soldiers and 65 Islamist where killed during heavy fighting in the northern mountains. The same day two suicide bombers crashed their cars into the MNLA's local operations center in the town of in Khalil, killing 5 people including 3 MNLA fighters and both bombers.
U. S. President Obama announced on 22 February 2013 that about 100 American troops had been sent to Niger, which borders Mali, to aid the French in Mali. The most recent U. S. troops were sent to help set up a new air base, from which to conduct surveillance against Al Qaeda. 40 U. S. Air Force logistics specialists, intelligence analysts and security officers arrived in the capital of Niger on 20 February 2013, bringing the total Americans deployed in Niger to 100.
On 24 February 28 Islamists and ten Chadian soldiers were killed while fighting in the Adrar des Ifoghas mountains in Northern Mali.
On 26 February, a car bomb exploded in Kidal targeting a MNLA checkpoint. At least 7 MNLA fighters along with the suicide bomber were killed in the attack.
On 20 March, AQIM claimed to have executed a French hostage in Mali, Phillipe Verdon, who had been kidnapped in 2011.
On 23 March, Islamist fighters from MUJAO attacked the city of Gao, causing heavy fighting for two hours. The Malian army eventually repulsed this attack.
On 30 March, a suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a Malian army checkpoint in Timbuktu, allowing a group of jihadists to infiltrate by night. By 1 April, with the help of a French army detachment supported by war jets, the Malian army pushed the jihadists out of the city center.
On 29 April, a French paratrooper was killed by a roadside bomb in Northern Mali, the sixth French soldier to die in the conflict. Two others were seriously injured.
Reported deaths of Abdelhamid Abou Zeid and Mokhtar Belmokhtar.
On 28 February, Algerian television informed that Abdelhamid Abou Zeid, one of the three top men of AQIM and deemed responsible of several kidnappings of westerners in the Sahel in the 2000s, had been killed in battle against Franco-Chadian forces in the Tigharghar mountains along with about 40 of his followers, some kilometres away from Aguelhok. The information was neither confirmed nor denied by the French Army.
On 2 March 2013, it was reported that Mokhtar Belmokhtar, mastermind of the In Amenas hostage crisis in which 800 hostages had been taken and 39 Westerners killed at an Algerian oil refinery, had been killed as well. Chadian state television announced that "Chadian forces in Mali completely destroyed the main jihadist base in the Adrar de Ifhogas mountains... killing several terrorists including leader Mokhtar Belmokhtar", according to a BBC report. BBC correspondent Thomas Fessy said this would be a major blow if confirmed.
On 4 March 2013, Al Qaeda's North African branch confirmed the death of Abou Zeid, but denied that Belmokhtar had been killed. On 23 March, France confirmed Abou Zeid had been killed, based on DNA tests.
U.N. Peacekeeping Force.
Now that the bulk of the conflict is over and the need for extended military involvement is decreasing, France looks to the UN to take over with the peacekeeping force that had been suggested earlier in the conflict once it was a more stable situation. The operation was termed MINUSMA.
Chadian withdrawal.
On 14 April, Chadian president Idriss Déby Itno announced the full withdrawal of Chadian Forces in Mali (FATIM), saying that face-to-face fighting with Islamists is over, and the Chadian army does not have the skills to fight a guerilla-style war. This announcement comes days after a suicide bomber killed four Chadian soldiers in Kidal, where 1,800 of its soldiers are currently stationed. According to local sources, Chadian forces have already begun to withdraw troops prior to the formal announcement, including a mechanised battalion.
Peace deal.
A peace deal between the government and Tuareg rebels was signed on 18 June 2013.
End of ceasefire and renewal of conflict (September 2013-).
The MNLA ended the ceasefire in September of the same year after government forces opened fire on unarmed protesters. Following the attack, MNLA vice-president Mahamadou Djeri Maiga remarked: "What happened is a declaration of war. We will deliver this war. Wherever we find the Malian army we will launch the assault against them. It will be automatic. The warnings are over." One of the MNLA's founders, Attaye Ag Mohamed, was also quoted as saying that the "political and military wings of the Azawad" had declared "the lifting of the ceasefire with the central government".
January 2014.
On 25 January, a source within the Malian Security Forces reported that a French military operation in the Tombouctou Region of northern Mali resulted in the deaths of 11 Muslim fighters.
February 2014.
On 20 February, Germany and France announced the shipment of elements of the Franco-German brigade to Mali to help train Mali troops. This is the first deployment of EU troops in Africa.
Human rights concerns.
Following several reports of abuse from both sides, the prosecutor of the International Criminal Court opened a case investigating war crimes in Mali on 16 January 2013. This case is the quickest any ICC investigation has begun after foreign military intervention.
Claims against Separatists and Islamists.
In May 2012, Amnesty International released a report stating that the conflict had created Mali's worst human rights situation since 1960. The organization stated that fighters with the MNLA and Ansar Dine were "running riot" in Mali's north, and documented instances of gang rape, extrajudicial executions, and the use of child soldiers by both Tuareg and Islamist groups.
On 3 April 2012, armed groups looted 2,354 tons of food from United Nations' World Food Programme's warehouses in Kidal, Gao and Timbuktu, causing the WFP to suspend its operations in northern Mali. Other targets of looting included hospitals, hotels, government offices, Oxfam offices and the offices and warehouses of other unnamed aid groups. The WFP also stated that 200,000 had so far fled the fighting, predicting that the number would rise.
Claims against Islamists.
Ansar el Dine also blocked a humanitarian convoy bringing medical and food aid from reaching Timbuktu on 15 May, objecting to the presence of women in the welcoming committee set up by city residents; after negotiations, the convoy was released on the following day. The group reportedly banned video games, Malian and Western music, bars, and football in Gao and ransacked alcohol-serving establishments in both Gao and Kidal. Islamist forces were also reported to have intervened against looters and ordered women to wear head scarves. The CNRDR's spokesman Amadou Konare claimed that "women and girls have been kidnapped and raped by the new occupants who are laying down their own law." The anti-slavery organization Temedt claims that ex-slaves were the first targeted for punishment by Islamist forces and that former masters have used the violence to recapture ex-slaves.
On 29 July 2012, a couple was stoned to death by Islamists in Aguelhok for having children outside of marriage. An official reported that many people left the town for Algeria following the incident. On 9 August, Islamist militants chopped off the hand of an alleged thief in the town of Ansongo, despite a crowd pleading with the militants for mercy.
Destruction of ancient monuments in Timbuktu.
During the conflict, Islamists also damaged or destroyed a number of historical sites on the grounds that they said were idolatrous, particularly in Timbuktu, a UNESCO World Heritage site. On 4 May 2012, Ansar Dine members reportedly burned the tomb of a Sufi saint. In late June, Islamists attacked several more sites in Timbuktu with pickaxes and shovels.
On 28 January 2013, as French-led Malian troops captured the airport of the world heritage town of Timbuktu, the Ahmed Baba Institute, host of priceless ancient manuscripts, was razed by fleeing Islamists.
Claims against the Malian Army and Loyalists.
The Tuaregs and Arabs who lived in Bamako and elsewhere in southern Mali were subjects of a rash of ethnic attacks by black Malians (as opposed to Mediterranean Arabs and racially mixed Tuaregs), despite many of them being hostile to Azawad separatism as well as the Islamists. In fact, a large part of them actually had only recently arrived to the government-held south, fleeing the violence in the north.
An incident arose on 8 September 2012 when a group of Malian soldiers detained 17 unarmed Tablighi preachers from Mauritania in Dogofry, north-east of Diabaly, while en route to a religious conference in Bamako and executed all but one of them without reporting to their own command. The Malian government expressed its condolences for the event, which Associated Press considered a symptom of the disintegration reached by the Malian Army as a result of the 21 March Coup.
On 19 January, Human Rights Watch report killings and other human rights abuses committed by the Malian army in the central Malian town of Niono. Tuaregs and Arabs were especially targeted.
On 23 January 2013, BBC reported claims by the International Federation of Human Rights that Malian Army soldiers had carried out summary executions against people suspected of being militant, and with bodies subsequently being hastily buried in makeshift graves and wells. Some victims were reportedly killed for not having identity documents or for their ethnicity. Reportedly, dozens of ethnic Tuaregs living in Bamako had their homes raided by government troops.
Popular culture.
Mali earned the first win in the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations football championship on 20 January 2013 with a 1–0 win over Niger. After scoring the only goal, Seydou Keita displayed a T-shirt with a peace sign on it. A number of musicians from Mali came together to record the song "Mali-ko" (meaning peace) and release a video "Voices United for Mali-'Mali-ko in early 2013 about the ongoing conflict in the country. The collaboration includes many well-known Malian musicians, including Oumou Sangaré, Vieux Farka Touré, and Amadou & Mariam.

</doc>
<doc id="36856987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856987" title="Selina Lo">
Selina Lo

Selina Lo is a British Asian actress and title-winning martial artist. Having trained at Paul McCartney's prestigious LIPA Academy and Sylvia Young Theatre School, she is also an accomplished dancer, singer and pianist. She played the role of Tsukai in the movie “The Scorpion King 3: Battle for Redemption”, which was released in January 2012.
Martial Arts.
Beyond acting, Selina is also a World Champion martial artist and a classically trained singer, pianist and violinist. She has been practicing martial arts since the age of 4, a passion that begun with watching Jackie Chan movies with her father. She was voted 'Britain's Hottest New Actress' by Loaded Magazine

</doc>
<doc id="36857006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857006" title="National Social Scientist of the Philippines">
National Social Scientist of the Philippines

The Order of National Social Scientists (Filipino: Orden ng mga Pambansang Alagad ng Agham Panlipunan) is an honor given by the Republic of the Philippines. The Order of National Social Scientists is the highest national recognition conferred upon Filipinos for life achievement in the Social Sciences.
Award.
The recipients of the Order of National Social Scientists are recommended by the National Academy of Science and Technology but the responsibility was transferred to the Philippine Social Science Council, which has been conferring the award ever since.

</doc>
<doc id="36857019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857019" title="Titus Flavius Postumius Quietus">
Titus Flavius Postumius Quietus

(Titus Flavius) Postumius Quietus (fl. 3rd century AD) was a Roman senator who was appointed consul in AD 272.
Biography.
Postumius Quietus was a member of the third century "gens Postumii", which was not descended from the Republican family of the same name. Possibly of Patrician status he was one of the imperial candidates for the office of Quaestor, followed by his nomination for the office of "Praetor tutelarius", responsible for matters pertaining to guardianships.
After this Postumius Quietus may have been the "Legatus pro praetore" in the province of Asia. This was followed by his posting as "Curator rei publicae Aeclanensium item Ocriculanorum" (or guardian of the towns of Aeclanum and Ocriculum). Next, he was appointed "Curator viae [...] et alimentorum" (or official responsible for maintaining some important Roman roads and ensuring Rome’s food supply). He was the last known official who was responsible for the "Alimenta", leading to speculation that the emperor Aurelian replaced the distribution of free grain to the citizens of the city with another form of dole.
Then in AD 272, Postumius Quietus was appointed "consul prior" alongside Junius Veldumnianus. His post consular career remains unknown, and he may have been a Christian. He was a near relative (perhaps the brother or cousin) of Titus Flavius Postumius Varus.

</doc>
<doc id="36857026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857026" title="Italy Women's Cup">
Italy Women's Cup

The Italy Women's Cup was an Italian invitational women's football competition organized by the Lega Nazionale Dilettanti confronting the 2nd, 3rd and 4th ranking teams in the Serie A Femminile, the Italian Women's Cup champion or runner-up and several foreign clubs. Established in 2003, it intended to develop itself into the UEFA Cup's female counterpart but it was never recognized by UEFA. Five editions were carried out until 2008 before it was discontinued. Torres CF was the competition's most successful team with two titles. SS Lazio, Lada Togliatti and Lehenda Chernihiv also won one title each.

</doc>
<doc id="36857055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857055" title="Above Us Only Sky">
Above Us Only Sky

Above Us Only Sky () is a 2011 German drama film, directed by Jan Schomburg.

</doc>
<doc id="36857080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857080" title="Huynh Quoc Anh">
Huynh Quoc Anh

Huỳnh Quốc Anh (born 13 January 1985) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Left winger for V-League (Vietnam) club SHB Đà Nẵng F.C. and the Vietnam national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36857089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857089" title="Jesse James (Clay Walker song)">
Jesse James (Clay Walker song)

"Jesse James" is a song recorded by American country music artist Clay Walker. It was released in September 2012 as the fourth single from his 2010 studio album, "She Won't Be Lonely Long". The song was written by Ben Glover, Kyle Jacobs, and Joe Leathers. The song has also been performed by the group the Davisson Brothers Band and by Wyatt.
Background.
"Jesse James" first appeared in February 2010 on the "She Won't Be Lonely Long" extended play. In August 2011 Walker first mentioned the song as a new single even though it would be another year before it was released.
Walker told "Great American Country" "It's like when Tim McGraw sang, ‘I may be a real bad boy, but baby, I'm a real good man.' I think most men are in that spot. It also reminds me of ‘Tombstone,' with Val Kilmer and Kurt Russell, which is one of my favorite movies. I ad-libbed some lines from it at the end of the song."
In an interview with the "Laughlin Enterainer", Walker said, "What's unique about "Jesse James" is it's got a rockin' edge to it. I grew up singing rowdy music in bars. I may be at a rebirth or a re- imaging of my career. And what a way to start it out a song about an outlaw with a very rockin' edge. It's a new beginning for me. It's time for me to get over the boyish love song stuff and get into the rougher manly things."
Content.
The up-tempo song is about a man who despite being raised right sometimes just wants to be bad like the old-west outlaw Jesse James. The man has a constant fight between good and evil when choosing to be like Jesus or Jesse James.
Critical reception.
In the album review for "She Won't Be Lonely Long", Bobby Peacock of Roughstock wrote, "For an artist who rarely cuts up-tempos Jesse James is a serious gamble that pays off. Matt Bjorke also of Roughstock wrote, "It's a fun song that is contemporary yet feels like something that could've been released by Clay Walker when he was at the height of his radio stardom in the 1990s. It mixes in some high lonesome styles in the chorus that sounds great too." Billy Dukes of "Taste of Country" gave the song a 3 star rating and wrote, the song is "an adventure that’s fun and unique." 
Music video.
The music video began filming in August 2012 and was finished on August 22. It was directed by Thadd Turner and co-directed by Walker. The video was filmed in Santa Fe New Mexico at the Bonanza Creek Ranch. It is an old west inspired video featuring Eat'n Park spokes model Sarah Marince as a saloon girl as well as Walker's wife Jessica playing a character named "Blue". 
The video premiered on October 19.
Walker described the music video by saying "When we shot the video we used the movie set out of Santa Fe that they used for Cowboys & Aliens. We did it in cinematic we spent the money to get that western look. Jesse James robbed trains so we went to this old train station and we used this black train and we had saloon girls dancing all over the train with my band there playing. It was sexy. It got me fired up about doing a movie. I'm going to brush up on my acting skills, take some classes in L.A., get some coaching. I think it would be fun."

</doc>
<doc id="36857103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857103" title="The Hands That Thieve">
The Hands That Thieve

The Hands That Thieve is the fifth studio album by the American ska-punk band Streetlight Manifesto. It is their first studio album since 2010's , and their first album of original material since 2007's Somewhere in the Between. In addition to the Streetlight album, an acoustic version of the album (titled "The Hand That Thieves") was intended to be released by Toh Kay, but was canceled. 
The album was originally set to be released in the summer of 2012, but was pushed back several times due to label problems and rewrites, to its eventual release date of April 30, 2013. 
The album has received very positive critical response.
Release.
The band completed the album in mid-January, and it was announced on February 15 that the album would be finally released on April 30. The band also planned to produce a live EP to compensate for the various delays, which the band claimed would be "an exclusive RISC Store gift and...the only professional live Streetlight Manifesto recording to date." On April 1, the band released the first full song from the album "The Three of Us". On April 19 the album was leaked on many sites. On April 30, the album was released as planned, but due to conflicts with Victory Records, the band was prevented from releasing the album and fulfilling preorders from their own website. There were also claims that the live EP was canceled due to legal issues. 
In May 2014, fans who originally preordered the album through the RISC Store received a "mystery gift" in lieu of the actual album, due to Victory Records not releasing any physical copies to the band. Fans received a white Digipak with a photograph of an orange tabby cat on its front cover and booklet cover, with no text or identifiers other than the track listing on the back cover. The booklet contains the lyrics to all ten songs, photographs of the band, and Aesop's Fable "The Dog and the Wolf" on its final page. The Digipak contained a blank CD-R with nondescript artwork of a barren tree, with the band stating on their Facebook page:
"You can use the blank cd to store your digital files, as a coaster, or even to burn your favorite songs. Any songs you want to put on it, you can put on it. You can put any amount of songs on it, as long as that amount will fit on a standard CD-R. You can burn 2 songs, 30 songs or even 10 songs, it's up to you. You can find music to burn onto the cd on the internet, or even ask fellow fans of bands you like to share their favorite songs so you can burn them, as long as you do so legally, or whatever. Then when you're done burning the cd (it takes a few minutes, but it's really quite simple to do), you can put the cd on your shelf, in your car, wherever. There are no words on the cd (besides the poems), no bar codes, no logos, no mean-hearted little dogs, nothing. It's just a blank cd that we're providing for you, along with a booklet of poetry and photography."
Toh Kay version.
In addition to the Streetlight Manifesto album, an acoustic version of the album titled "The Hand That Thieves" was planned to be released by Toh Kay and his acoustic trio. Tomas Kalnoky stated, "The albums may have the same song titles, lyrics and chord progressions, but the similarities end there. The album has a laid back, late night, lazy feel - something to put your feet up to, when you're not quite in the mood for the ball of frenetic energy that is Streetlight Manifesto." This album, along with the Streetlight version, was pushed back due to rewrites and label issues, and was planned to be released on April 30, 2013. On April 15, Tomas released his first full song from the album "With Any Sort Of Certainty" along with a music video animated by Scott Benson. However, the video has since been taken down by Victory Records. On April 21, 2013, according to Kalnoky's Twitter account, Victory records successfully had the Toh Kay version of the album removed from Amazon. On April 30, Kalnoky announced that the Toh Kay version of the album would not be released in the foreseeable future due to legal problems with Victory Records. According to the band's website, Victory Records had given Streetlight the choice between pulling the Toh Kay record completely or releasing it through Victory Records. The band and Kalnoky, who have shared a notoriously turbulent relationship with the record label, decided to cancel the record.

</doc>
<doc id="36857105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857105" title="Sixteen Saltines">
Sixteen Saltines

"Sixteen Saltines" is the second single from Jack White's 2012 solo album "Blunderbuss". It was when White first played this song on "Saturday Night Live" that the album had a surge in popularity.
In December 2012, the song was named by "Rolling Stone" as the eighth best song of the year.
Writing.
Jack White conceived the idea of this song from a conversation he had with his daughter. Jack White told "NME" about the inspiration for the lyrics: "My daughter asked for a snack, and I said, 'what do you want to have?', and she said, 'I think I'll have 16 saltine crackers.' And I said, 'You'll have three!' At times I imagined that character was eating cracker rations on a lifeboat and he's remembering all these other things."
Music video.
In the music video produced by AG Rojas, White sits on a windowsill with his hands tied in front of him with rope as two men painted white surround him while a boy painted in blue watches. The video also contains various clips of children doing random activities and ends with Jack White then tied up in a vehicle that the boy painted in blue is about to set on fire, but the video is cut before any fire is seen.

</doc>
<doc id="36857122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857122" title="Diamond killifish">
Diamond killifish

The diamond killifish, "Adinia xenica", is a species of North American killifish found along the Gulf Coast of the United States. This species grows to a length of . It is found in the aquarium trade. It is the only known member of its genus.

</doc>
<doc id="36857141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857141" title="Turbonilla pizarroae">
Turbonilla pizarroae

Turbonilla pizarroae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857142" title="Hà Huy Khoái">
Hà Huy Khoái

Hà Huy Khoái (Ha Tinh, 24 November 1946) is a Vietnamese mathematician. Hà Huy Khoái studied in Vietnam under the "fathers" of Vietnamese mathematics Lê Văn Thiêm and Hoàng Tụy, and in Moscow at the Steklov Institute of Mathematics under Yuri I. Manin. His main field of work has been p-adic Nevanlinna theory, for example proving part of a non-Archimedean version of Green's theorem (AMS, 1992, 503-509).
He is currently professor and occupies the most senior position for a mathematician in Vietnam, Director of the Mathematics Institute of Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology. As Vietnam's most senior mathematician he is a senior advisor of "Acta mathematica vietnamica", was invited to America to lecture by Neal Koblitz, invited to Germany by the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and has been the Vietnam team leader for several International Mathematical Olympiads.

</doc>
<doc id="36857145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857145" title="Turbonilla pleijeli">
Turbonilla pleijeli

Turbonilla pleijeli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857149" title="Turbonilla pluto">
Turbonilla pluto

Turbonilla pluto is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857151" title="Turbonilla pocahontasae">
Turbonilla pocahontasae

Turbonilla pocahontasae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:
Notes.
Additional information regarding this species:

</doc>
<doc id="36857153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857153" title="See America Thirst">
See America Thirst

See America Thirst is a 1930 comedy film produced and distributed by Universal Pictures and directed by William James Craft. Silent comics Harry Langdon and Slim Summerville star along with silent actress Bessie Love. Though released late in 1930, it nevertheless had a silent version.
In this film, "Bessie Love" first introduced sandals later known as "Flip-flops" to American audiences.
Copies are preserved at the UCLA Film and Television Archive and the Library of Congress.
Cast.
"uncredited"

</doc>
<doc id="36857154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857154" title="Turbonilla porteri">
Turbonilla porteri

Turbonilla porteri is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857159" title="Turbonilla portoparkerensis">
Turbonilla portoparkerensis

Turbonilla portoparkerensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857162" title="Turbonilla portoricana">
Turbonilla portoricana

Turbonilla portoricana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36857168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857168" title="Turbonilla postacuticostata">
Turbonilla postacuticostata

Turbonilla postacuticostata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36857175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857175" title="Turbonilla poupini">
Turbonilla poupini

Turbonilla poupini is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857176" title="Turbonilla powelli">
Turbonilla powelli

Turbonilla powelli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857180" title="Turbonilla powhatani">
Turbonilla powhatani

Turbonilla powhatani is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:
Notes.
Additional information regarding this species:

</doc>
<doc id="36857182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857182" title="Turbonilla prefasii">
Turbonilla prefasii

Turbonilla prefasii is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857185" title="Turbonilla prolongata">
Turbonilla prolongata

Turbonilla prolongata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857186" title="Turbonilla proneri">
Turbonilla proneri

Turbonilla proneri is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857189" title="Turbonilla prosocostae">
Turbonilla prosocostae

Turbonilla prosocostae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857191" title="Turbonilla pseudapproximata">
Turbonilla pseudapproximata

Turbonilla pseudapproximata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857193" title="Turbonilla pseudomarteli">
Turbonilla pseudomarteli

Turbonilla pseudomarteli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857195" title="Turbonilla pugetensis">
Turbonilla pugetensis

Turbonilla pugetensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857196" title="Turbonilla pulchella">
Turbonilla pulchella

Turbonilla pulchella is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857197" title="Avinabo Bag">
Avinabo Bag

Avinabo Bag (born 8 September 1989 in West Bengal) is an Indian footballer who plays as a defender for Eagles F.C..
Career.
Pailan Arrows.
During the summer of 2011 Bag joined Pailan Arrows of the I-League from Kalighat MS. Bag made his professional debut for Pailan against Salgaocar on 28 October 2012 in the I-League. Pailan lost the match 0–4. He then scored his first goal of his career on 28 August 2012 against Air India FC during the 2012 Durand Cup in which Pailan drew 1–1 and we knocked-out by 2 points.
Eagles.
On 5 December 2013 it was announced that Bag has signed up with Eagles F.C. of Kerala on loan for 2013-14 season along with Nadong Bhutia, Bijendra Rai, Jagroop Singh, Bisheshwor Singh, Biswajit Saha, Ramandeep Singh and Govin Singh.Moreover, IMG-Reliance, the organisers of the proposed IPL-style football tournament Indian Super League, and Eagles F.C. will facilitate a two to six week training stint for the eight players with UK based Reading F.C. Academy.
Career Statistics.
Club.
"Statistics accurate as of 6 January 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="36857199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857199" title="Turbonilla pumila">
Turbonilla pumila

Turbonilla pumila is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36857201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857201" title="Turbonilla puncta">
Turbonilla puncta

Turbonilla puncta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36857204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857204" title="Turbonilla punicea">
Turbonilla punicea

Turbonilla punicea is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36857205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857205" title="Turbonilla pupodentata">
Turbonilla pupodentata

Turbonilla pupodentata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857210" title="Turbonilla pupoides">
Turbonilla pupoides

Turbonilla pupoides is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:
Notes.
Additional information regarding this species:

</doc>
<doc id="36857215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857215" title="Turbonilla pupominuta">
Turbonilla pupominuta

Turbonilla pupominuta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857216" title="Turbonilla pusilla">
Turbonilla pusilla

Turbonilla pusilla is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36857219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857219" title="Turbonilla pyrgidium">
Turbonilla pyrgidium

Turbonilla pyrgidium is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857220" title="Turbonilla pyrrha">
Turbonilla pyrrha

Turbonilla pyrrha is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857222" title="Turbonilla qenenoji">
Turbonilla qenenoji

Turbonilla qenenoji is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857224" title="Turbonilla quesadai">
Turbonilla quesadai

Turbonilla quesadai is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857228" title="Turbonilla quintanai">
Turbonilla quintanai

Turbonilla quintanai is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857229" title="Turbonilla rachialis">
Turbonilla rachialis

Turbonilla rachialis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857236" title="Turbonilla rafaeli">
Turbonilla rafaeli

Turbonilla rafaeli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857238" title="Turbonilla rakiura">
Turbonilla rakiura

Turbonilla rakiura is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857240" title="Turbonilla ramosinsulae">
Turbonilla ramosinsulae

Turbonilla ramosinsulae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857241" title="Turbonilla rathbuni">
Turbonilla rathbuni

Turbonilla rathbuni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:
Notes.
Additional information regarding this species:

</doc>
<doc id="36857244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857244" title="Turbonilla ratusukunai">
Turbonilla ratusukunai

Turbonilla ratusukunai is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857248" title="Turbonilla raymondi">
Turbonilla raymondi

Turbonilla raymondi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857250" title="Turbonilla realejoensis">
Turbonilla realejoensis

Turbonilla realejoensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857253" title="Turbonilla recta">
Turbonilla recta

Turbonilla recta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857256" title="Turbonilla recticostata">
Turbonilla recticostata

Turbonilla recticostata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857257" title="Turbonilla rectogallica">
Turbonilla rectogallica

Turbonilla rectogallica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36857260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857260" title="Turbonilla redondoensis">
Turbonilla redondoensis

Turbonilla redondoensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857261" title="Turbonilla regina">
Turbonilla regina

Turbonilla regina is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857265" title="Turbonilla reticulata">
Turbonilla reticulata

Turbonilla reticulata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36857270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857270" title="Turbonilla rewa">
Turbonilla rewa

Turbonilla rewa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857271" title="Turbonilla rex">
Turbonilla rex

Turbonilla rex is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857273" title="Turbonilla rhabdota">
Turbonilla rhabdota

Turbonilla rhabdota is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857275" title="Turbonilla rhea">
Turbonilla rhea

Turbonilla rhea is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857278" title="Turbonilla rhizophorae">
Turbonilla rhizophorae

Turbonilla rhizophorae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857281" title="Turbonilla richeri">
Turbonilla richeri

Turbonilla richeri is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857283" title="Turbonilla ridgwayi">
Turbonilla ridgwayi

Turbonilla ridgwayi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857285" title="Turbonilla riisei">
Turbonilla riisei

Turbonilla riisei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36857287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857287" title="Turbonilla rima">
Turbonilla rima

Turbonilla rima is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857289" title="Dayron Márquez">
Dayron Márquez

Jaime Dayron Márquez Gutiérrez (born 11 June 1983 in Pradera, Valle del Cauca) is a Colombian javelin thrower. He competed in the javelin throw at the 2012 Summer Olympics and placed 26th with a mark of 77.59 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36857291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857291" title="Turbonilla rimaca">
Turbonilla rimaca

Turbonilla rimaca is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857294" title="Turbonilla rinella">
Turbonilla rinella

Turbonilla rinella is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857295" title="Turbonilla rixtae">
Turbonilla rixtae

Turbonilla rixtae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36857298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857298" title="Turbonilla rodejai">
Turbonilla rodejai

Turbonilla rodejai is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857301" title="Turbonilla rodrii">
Turbonilla rodrii

Turbonilla rodrii is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857304" title="Turbonilla rosapereirae">
Turbonilla rosapereirae

Turbonilla rosapereirae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857306" title="Turbonilla rosewateri">
Turbonilla rosewateri

Turbonilla rosewateri is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36857312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857312" title="Turbonilla rubioi">
Turbonilla rubioi

Turbonilla rubioi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857314" title="Turbonilla rudoi">
Turbonilla rudoi

Turbonilla rudoi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857315" title="Turbonilla rufa">
Turbonilla rufa

Turbonilla rufa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36857317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857317" title="Turbonilla rufescens">
Turbonilla rufescens

Turbonilla rufescens is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36857321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857321" title="Turbonilla rushii">
Turbonilla rushii

Turbonilla rushii is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857322" title="Turbonilla russell">
Turbonilla russell

Turbonilla russell is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857323" title="Turbonilla ryalli">
Turbonilla ryalli

Turbonilla ryalli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857325" title="Turbonilla salinasensis">
Turbonilla salinasensis

Turbonilla salinasensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857326" title="Turbonilla salomonensis">
Turbonilla salomonensis

Turbonilla salomonensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857327" title="Zdzisław Skupień">
Zdzisław Skupień

Zdzisław Skupień (born November 27, 1938, Świlcza, Poland) is a Polish mathematician, expert in optimization, discrete mathematics, and graph theory, professor, dr. hab. (1982).
In 1964 Skupień introduced the concept of "locally Hamiltonian graphs".
In 1976 Skupień introduced the concept of "homogeneously traceable graphs".
Skupień authored over 140 publications.

</doc>
<doc id="36857329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857329" title="Turbonilla samadiae">
Turbonilla samadiae

Turbonilla samadiae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857330" title="Turbonilla sanctorum">
Turbonilla sanctorum

Turbonilla sanctorum is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857331" title="Turbonilla sanjuani">
Turbonilla sanjuani

Turbonilla sanjuani is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857334" title="Turbonilla sanmatiensis">
Turbonilla sanmatiensis

Turbonilla sanmatiensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857336" title="Turbonilla santamariana">
Turbonilla santamariana

Turbonilla santamariana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857337" title="Stig Stench">
Stig Stench

Stig Stench (Born Stephen Wagers, March 18, 1967 in Alexandria, Louisiana) is a radio personality For STENCHRADIO.COM.
Early life.
Stench was exposed to country-blues-southern gospel music as a child. He became fascinated with bands like Kiss and Alice Cooper in the mid-1970s before hearing the Sex Pistols and The Ramones. Stench is a harmonica player blending country-blues and punk rock influences. He has played for such artists as his childhood hero Texacala Jones (Of Tex And The Horsheads Fame), the LA Punk Rock band Symbol Six and close friend Joe Buck.
Career.
Stench started his radio career in Silsbee, Texas in 1983 at KWDX/KKAS. In 2010 he formed stenchradio.com, which started as a single show and is now shared with other on air "Net-J's". It features classic country-blues, Psychobilly and Hardcore Punk Rock. Stench regularly does live rants on the "evils of corporate media" and how it wants to destroy America's spirit of independent music and art.
Personal life.
Stench has one Daughter, Mermaid from a prior marriage. A former United States Marine and resides in Austin Texas. Stench is a former announcer and Professional Wrestling personality in the Texas Circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="36857338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857338" title="Turbonilla santarosana">
Turbonilla santarosana

Turbonilla santarosana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857339" title="Turbonilla santosana">
Turbonilla santosana

Turbonilla santosana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857340" title="Turbonilla scala">
Turbonilla scala

Turbonilla scala is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857343" title="Turbonilla scalaeformis">
Turbonilla scalaeformis

Turbonilla scalaeformis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857344" title="John F. Rague">
John F. Rague

John Francis Rague (1799-1877; pronounced "ra-gu") was a mid-19th century architect who designed and built the 1837 Old Capitol of Illinois and the 1840 Territorial Capitol of Iowa. He was born March 24, 1799 in Scotch Plains, New Jersey, he studied under Minard Lafever in New York, and moved to Springfield, Illinois in 1831. While there he designed both the Illinois and Iowa capitol buildings, and became a close friend of Abraham Lincoln. He moved to Dubuque, Iowa in 1854, where he designed a number of buildings, including the city hall, central market house, and jail.

</doc>
<doc id="36857346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857346" title="Turbonilla scalpidens">
Turbonilla scalpidens

Turbonilla scalpidens is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36857347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857347" title="Turbonilla scammonensis">
Turbonilla scammonensis

Turbonilla scammonensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857349" title="Turbonilla scapulata">
Turbonilla scapulata

Turbonilla scapulata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857350" title="Turbonilla scarabinoi">
Turbonilla scarabinoi

Turbonilla scarabinoi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857352" title="Turbonilla schlumbergeri">
Turbonilla schlumbergeri

Turbonilla schlumbergeri is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857353" title="Turbonilla schmitti">
Turbonilla schmitti

Turbonilla schmitti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857354" title="Turbonilla scitula">
Turbonilla scitula

Turbonilla scitula is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857357" title="Turbonilla scrobiculata">
Turbonilla scrobiculata

Turbonilla scrobiculata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857360" title="Borowiecki">
Borowiecki

Borowiecki (feminine: Borowiecka, plural: Borowieccy) is a Polish surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36857361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857361" title="Turbonilla sealei">
Turbonilla sealei

Turbonilla sealei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857365" title="Turbonilla sebastiani">
Turbonilla sebastiani

Turbonilla sebastiani is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857367" title="Turbonilla secernenda">
Turbonilla secernenda

Turbonilla secernenda is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857369" title="Turbonilla secura">
Turbonilla secura

Turbonilla secura is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857370" title="Turbonilla sedillina">
Turbonilla sedillina

Turbonilla sedillina is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857372" title="Turbonilla semela">
Turbonilla semela

Turbonilla semela is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857375" title="Turbonilla semicostata">
Turbonilla semicostata

Turbonilla semicostata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36857377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857377" title="Turbonilla senegalensis">
Turbonilla senegalensis

Turbonilla senegalensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857378" title="Paweł Rakoczy">
Paweł Rakoczy

Paweł Rakoczy (born 15 May 1987 in Złotoryja) is a Polish javelin thrower. He competed in 2012 European Athletics Championships and in the javelin throw at the 2012 Summer Olympics and placed 28th with a mark of 77.36 metres.
Personal best: 84.99 (2012).

</doc>
<doc id="36857379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857379" title="Turbonilla serrae">
Turbonilla serrae

Turbonilla serrae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857380" title="Mannenberg">
Mannenberg

"Mannenberg" is a classic of South African marabi-influenced Cape jazz, composed by Abdullah Ibrahim and first recorded in 1974. Released under Ibrahim's former name Dollar Brand on the vinyl album "Mannenberg - "Is Where It's Happening"" (featuring just two long cuts), the title track is particularly notable for the saxophone solo by Basil "Manenberg" Coetzee, for which he earned his nickname. Inspired by and named after the Cape Flats township of Manenberg (although spelled differently), it was an instant hit and later became identified with the struggle against apartheid, "a beloved anthem of hope and resistance for many South Africans". 
"Mannenberg - Is Where It's Happening".
The producer was Rashid Vally and the recording was made in June 1974 in a studio in Cape Town, "against a backdrop of forced removals as the apartheid government finalised its destruction of District Six and evicted coloured families from homes throughout the city". Asked in an interview how the title came about, Ibrahim said: "Because Basil was from Manenberg and for us Manenberg was just symbolic of the removal out of District Six, which is actually the removal of everybody from everywhere in the world, and Manenberg specifically because… it signifies, it’s our music, and it’s our culture…"
Tracks.
Side 1.
"Mannenberg" (Abdullah Ibrahim) - 13:36
Side 2.
"The Pilgrim" (Abdullah Ibrahim) - 13:00
Other recordings.
When the album was first released in the United States its name was changed to "Cape Town Fringe". The "Mannenberg" sessions were subsequently released on Abdullah Ibrahim's "Voice of Africa" album.
A shorter version of the song, "Mannenberg (Revisited)", appears on his album "Water from an Ancient Well", released in 1986.
The album "African Tributes" by Darius Brubeck & the Nu Jazz Connection features Abdullah Ibrahim's "Mannenberg/The Wedding" as track 4. Other artists to have recorded "Mannenberg" include Jonathan Butler and Joe McBride.
Legacy.
The place where "Mannenberg" was recorded is commemorated with an abstract sculpture of seven stainless-steel pipes, mounted outside the building where the original studios were. Designed by electrical engineer Mark O'Donovan (of Odd Enjinears) and performance artist Francois Venter, the pipes have been tuned to correspond to the first seven notes of the melody, and are inscribed with the instruction: "Run a stick along these pipes to hear Mannenberg".

</doc>
<doc id="36857382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857382" title="Turbonilla shigeohorii">
Turbonilla shigeohorii

Turbonilla shigeohorii is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857383" title="Turbonilla shimeki">
Turbonilla shimeki

Turbonilla shimeki is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857385" title="Turbonilla shuyakensis">
Turbonilla shuyakensis

Turbonilla shuyakensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857387" title="Turbonilla signae">
Turbonilla signae

Turbonilla signae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36857399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857399" title="Shindig (video chat platform)">
Shindig (video chat platform)

Shindig is a patented technology platform for large scale online video chat events.
Fueled described Shindig as "a new online video chat platform, (which) aims to make talking online more natural by imitating real-life events; users can freely mingle, moving between conversations with the same ease as you might move through a dinner party."
In a Shindig event, participants can use webcams to see each other in a shared space. A featured presenter can give a talk, be interviewed, share a multimedia presentation, give a live performance, teach a course and much more to a live online audience of thousands. Meanwhile, audience members can move freely in and out of private video conversations with whomever they choose, and selected guests can be brought up to "share the stage" and directly interact with hosts "face-to-face" before the entire group. The speaker can also share PDF, MP3, and MP4 multimedia files with the group.
Notable pioneers and institutions who have used the platform include Bill Gates, TED.com, Guy Kawasaki, Jim Cramer, Michael Saylor, Forbes, The Chicago Tribune, Random House, Ernst & Young, Simon & Schuster, Folio, Los Angeles Review of Books, Lucky Magazine, TEDx, BookTalk Nation and many more.
The platform was first introduced as a means of enabling author talks and Q&A's. Among the many hundreds of notable authors who have used the platform: Tom Angleberger, Dan Ariely, Edward Jay Epstein, Richard Paul Evans, Jackson "Cat Daddy" Galaxy, Carla Hall, Hugh Howey, A. J. Jacobs, Jerry B. Jenkins, Kevin Kelly, Jill Lepore, Wendy Lower, Marissa Meyer, Jo Nesbø, Susan Orlean, George Packer, Michael Pollan, Diane Ravitch and Lori Wilde.
Shindig has also been looked at as a potential solution for online education. As cited in Campus Technology, "Shindig's proprietary technology may enable online faculty members to facilitate rich media interactive video and audio with large numbers of students in an online course...these students can also see each other, and they can, with only a click, self aggregate into their own collaborative groups and speak with each other in real time during the course." University Business says "Shindig enables the real-life dynamics of a face-to-face course with all its interaction and participatory features at internet scale."
Shindig enables a hybrid MOOC, which has the potential to reduce the cost of higher education without radically diminishing its quality, as many feel other MOOCs and platforms threaten to do. As of October 2013, some 20 institutions had commenced pilots using the platform for online e-courses including Caltech, Duke, NYU, Cooper Union, Texas A&M, Manhattanville, University of the Sciences and University of Crete. Shindig was the recipient of SIAA's 2013 Innovation Incubator Award as the Educator's Choice Runner-Up for Education Technology Product or Service.
History.
Shindig was created by serial entrepreneur, angel tech investor, music industry pioneer and technology executive Steve Gottlieb in 2009. His past career highlights include founding and running one of the largest independent music companies in the US with 30 Gold, Platinum, and Multi-platinum releases to its credit.
In 2009, Gottlieb filed a number of patents for self-aggregated chat and other innovations that would become the underlying basis for the Shindig platform. Gottlieb identified a basic flaw that was common to all video chat technology: each platform used a similar basic architecture which locked users into a single conversation. The result was an unnatural interaction, and it created the unrealistic expectation that participants would give their undivided attention to one another. Gottlieb sought to create a new architecture that replicated the ease of conversing in an actual physical space where one could freely chose with whom one spoke.
Beta of the platform began in June 2012. November 26, 2012 marked the occasion of Shindig's 200th online video chat book tour event with best-selling author Hugh Howey ("Wool"). Howey stated, "As an author who loves to connect with his readers across the globe, my one wish is that I could be everywhere at once. Shindig makes that happen."
In April 2013, Shindig hosted Microsoft founder and philanthropist Bill Gates' interactive presentation and Q&A session with students at Concordia College.
In May 2013, over 50 prominent authors participated in Shindig's presentation of Live from BookExpo America, a marathon of live author talks. Authors who participated included Chuck Palahniuk, Sylvia Day, Ruth Westheimer, Slash Coleman, Hugh Howey, Lauren Weisberger, A.J. Jacobs, Jill Shalvis, Mary Higgins Clark, Trista Sutter and Rob Sheffield, amongst others.
In October 2013, Shindig was used to host the Capital E-xchange education summit featuring some of the foremost thought leaders in education, including former White House tech advisor Aneesh Chopra, Michael Saylor, John Katzman and more. The Shindig platform was also enlisted by the organizers of World Book Night, allowing thousands of passionate readers to experience the announcement of 2014's selected books. The platform will be utilized in daily author-reader events in the 30 days leading up to World Book Night on April 23, 2014.
In 2010, the company raised $5MM in financing from the Pritzker/Vlock family office. An additional $5 million was raised in 2013.
Prior Uses.
The Shindig platform included subsets such as Games (chess) and the social site Shindig Mingle. At a video conferencing expo in 2010, founder Steve Gottlieb described Mingle as "the savior of random video chat encounters online", claiming it would "revolutionize the way we think of meeting people online."
Applications.
Shindig has been used to power a variety of events in the following presenter categories:
Some uniquely captivating interactions have taken place on Shindig. During a live series of book tour events featuring National Book Award finalists and editors from The Atlantic, a Holocaust survivor shared her incredible story and coping techniques to author Wendy Lower and the audience. In August 2013, Americans without healthcare engaged in a heated debate over Obamacare with healthcare experts from Forbes. Author Tom Angleberger hosted a pair of interactive events that were highlighted by 7-year old children presenting their "Jabba the Puppett" and "Art2-D2" puppets.
Shindig will also target magazines, distance learning companies, sales executives, industry events and conventions, and charitable organizations (for fundraisers) to deliver their messages and leverage their brands using Shindig's online video chat platform.

</doc>
<doc id="36857466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857466" title="Thamrin City">
Thamrin City

Thamrin City in Jakarta, Indonesia is a mixed-use complex including a shopping mall, 3 apartment towers and town houses on the 10th floor. An Amaris hotel is located in one of the apartments towers. It is located in Central Jakarta. The shopping center is housing many Indonesian Batik clothes shops.

</doc>
<doc id="36857467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857467" title="Lian River (Qu River)">
Lian River (Qu River)

The Lian River () or Lianzhuang River () is a tributary of the Qu River in Yunnan province, southwestern China. The Lian rises in northern Shiping County and flows northwestward into the Eshan Yi Autonomous County. The river then turns northeast, passing Shuangjiang Subdistrict (the county seat of Eshan County), and flows into Qu River. Its total length is approximately .

</doc>
<doc id="36857468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857468" title="Jannie de Groot">
Jannie de Groot

Adriana Elisabeth "Jannie" de Groot (also Janny; born 4 January 1930) is a retired Dutch swimmer. In 1947 and 1950 she won the national titles and became third in the 200 m backstroke at the European Aquatics Championships. She competed in the same event at the 1948 Summer Olympics and finished fifth. 
Jannie's brother, Daan de Groot (1933–1982), was an Olympic cyclist.

</doc>
<doc id="36857539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857539" title="Ivan Zaytsev (athlete)">
Ivan Zaytsev (athlete)

Ivan Zaytsev (born 11 November 1988 in Tashkent) is an Uzbekistani javelin thrower. He competed in the javelin throw at the 2012 Summer Olympics and placed 36th with a mark of 73.94 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36857547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857547" title="Linda Barnes">
Linda Barnes

Linda Barnes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36857579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857579" title="Under Fiesta Stars">
Under Fiesta Stars

Under Fiesta Stars is a 1941 American Western film directed by Frank McDonald and starring Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, and Carol Hughes. Based on a story by Karl Brown, the film is about a singing cowboy and rodeo champion who inherits a ranch and mining property along with his foster father's niece. She wants to sell but needs his consent, and he wants to work the mine according to his foster father's wishes. Problems arise when the niece unwittingly gets involved with unscrupulous lawyers who are plotting to steal the mine. The film features the songs "Purple Sage in the Twilight", "When You're Smiling", and the title song.
Plot.
Singing cowboy and rodeo star Gene Autry (Gene Autry) inherits half interest of a ranch and mining property from his late foster father, Henry "Dad" Erwin. The other half is left to Dad's niece, Barbara Erwin (Carol Hughes) who arrives at the ranch from the East with her friend, Kitty Callahan (Pauline Drake). The will stipulates that each has an "undivided interest" in the inheritance—that each owns half of everything—and that nothing can be sold off without the approval of the other. In desperate need of money, Barbara expresses her desire to sell the mine as quickly as possible. Gene, however, wants to continue Dad's work on the mine, which employs Mexican rancheros whose land was ruined by dust storms. He explains that although the profits are currently put back into operations, eventually the mine will provide her with an income, and that without the mine, the rancheros will not survive.
With not enough money to return East, Barbara and Kitty decide to stay, and plan to use their feminine wiles on Gene and his sidekick, Frog Millhouse (Smiley Burnette), to get gene to change his mind about selling. Meanwhile, Gene assures the rancheros that the mine will not be sold and that he will continue Dad Erwin's work. After her sweet-talking fails to win Gene over to her side, Barbara hires attorneys Arnold and Fry to sell the mine for her, giving them the power of attorney. Unknown to Barbara, the unscrupulous lawyers have been trying for years to gain control of the mine. They order their henchman Tommick (John Merton) to get rid of Gene. Tommick and his gang ride out to the mine and initiate a gunfight, but Gene and the rancheros are able to defend themselves.
Back at the ranch, Gene grows frustrated with Barbara and Kitty who have draw a line down the middle of Dad's house—dividing it exactly in half. Barbara begins to have doubts about selling the mine after one of the rancheros names his newborn daughter after her in gratitude for not selling the mine. Meanwhile, Tommick and his men cause an explosion in the mine that seriously injures ranchero Jose Ortega. When Ortega's wife blames Gene in front of everyone, Barbara defends him. Realizing she's fallen in love with him, she tells Gene, "You're not alone and you're not selling the mine." Later, she tells Arnold and Fry that she no longer wants to sell. Pretending they want to help her, they tell her to send Gene alone to meet them at the mine the following day to discuss a business opportunity.
The next day, Gene, Barbara, Frog, and Kitty go on a picnic, during which Barbara tells Gene about the business meeting he must attend at the mine. Soon after Gene rides off, Dad's lawyer arrives and expresses concern when he learns about Barbara's dealings with Arnold and Fry. Fearing for Gene's safety, they all ride out to the mine, where they find Gene has fought and captured Arnold, who just tried to kill him. At first Gene suspects that Barbara was in on the trap, but when Fry, Tommick, and his gang arrive, she and Gene and the others are forced back into the mine. During the shootout that follows, Frog's young brother Tadpole climbs out of the mine through a ventilation shaft and rides off to find help. Just as Gene is about to run out of ammunition, Tadpole returns with the rancheros who help Gene capture Arnold and his gang of criminals.
Afterwards at a fiesta, Gene sings a beautiful song to Barbara and romances her, Frog and Kitty share loving glances, and even Tadpole changes his mind about women and goes off with a pretty señorita.
Production.
Casting.
"Under Fiesta Stars" was the third Gene Autry film featuring leading lady Carol Hughes, preceded by "Gold Mine in the Sky" (1938) and "Man from Music Mountain" (1938). Born January 17, 1910 in Chicago, Hughes married comic actor Frank Faylen in 1929. After appearing in stock and vaudeville for several years, she began her film career in 1935 playing bit parts and supporting roles. In 1940, she replaced Jean Rogers in the role of Dale Arden in the third and last of Universal's Flash Gordon serials, "Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars". She retired from films in the early 1950s. The mother of actress Carol Faylen, who appeared in the 1964 TV sitcom "The Bing Crosby Show" as Crosby's daughter Joyce, Hughes was also the former mother-in-law of talkshow host Regis Philbin. She died in 1995 at the age of 85.
Filming and budget.
"Under Fiesta Stars" was filmed July 8–22, 1941. The film had an operating budget of $81,812 (equal to $ today), and a negative cost of $81,916.

</doc>
<doc id="36857607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857607" title="Nedol Saleh">
Nedol Saleh

Nedol Saleh is an Australian-born rugby league player who represented Lebanon in the 2000 World Cup.
Since then Saleh has played for a variety of clubs in Australia, including the Appin Dogs in 2008 and the Campbelltown City Kangaroos in 2010 in the Group 6 Rugby League competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36857623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857623" title="Shuangjiang, Eshan County">
Shuangjiang, Eshan County

Shuangjiang Subdistrict () is a subdistrict and the county seat of Eshan Yi Autonomous County, Yunnan, southwestern China. The name "Shuangjiang" means "two rivers" in Chinese language because it is located near where Lian River joins the Ni River.

</doc>
<doc id="36857660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857660" title="Melik Janoyan">
Melik Janoyan

Melik Janoyan (, born 24 March 1985 in Leninakan, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian javelin thrower. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the men's javelin throw. Janoyan placed 37th with a mark of 64.47 metres. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's javelin throw. Janoyan placed 39th with a mark of 72.64 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36857664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857664" title="Finally Found You">
Finally Found You

"Finally Found You" is a song by Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias, released on September 20, 2012.It was later included on his tenth studio album "Sex and Love".The track features vocals from rapper Sammy Adams, and was written by Iglesias, Adams, Jacob Luttrell, Fadil El Ghoul, Fabian Lenssen, Yoan Chirescu, while soFLY & Nius co-wrote and produced the track. Another version featuring Puerto Rican reggaeton singer Daddy Yankee was released for Latin market.
"Finally Found You" is a dance-pop, electro house song about a guy finding the love of his life at a club and declaring to never her let go. The song received generally favorable reviews from music critics, who despite calling it too similar to his old hits, called it an euphoric track, matching his heartthrob persona with pulsing beats. Commercially, the song managed to reached the top-twenty in Canada and the top-forty in Australia, Spain and United States, also topping the Dance Club Songs chart.
The video, released on VEVO, starts with an innocent game of hide and seek between a young Iglesias and his sweetheart, while life quickly fast forwards to the artist strutting into a nightclub where he unexpectedly reunites with his childhood love for a very different and naughty game. Enrique performed the track on the iHeart Radio Festival and Jingle Ball.
Background and release.
After achieving success with his ninth studio album, "Euphoria" (2010), mainly with its singles "I Like It" and "Tonight", Iglesias released the song "I Like How It Feels" (2011) as the intended lead single from a reissue of "Euphoria". However, the release was cancelled after the moderate success of the song on the charts. In January 2012, Enrique was involved in a remix of the song, entitled "I Like (The Remix)", which features Pitbull and Afrojack. In August, Enrique premiered "Finally Found You", with the single being available to download from the US iTunes store on September 25, while in the UK it was released on December 10. According to Iglesias, the song makes him "feel like a kid again." An alternative version, featuring Puerto Rican reggaeton singer Daddy Yankee, was recorded for the Latin market.
Composition.
"Finally Found You" was written by Enrique Iglesias, Sammy Adams, soFLY & Nius, Jacob Luttrell, Fadil El Ghoul, Fabian Lenssen, and Yoan Chirescu, while production was handled by soFLY & Nius (known for their production work on Flo Rida's hit single 'Wild Ones'). "Finally Found You" features a rap from Boston rapper Sammy Adams and it's a dance-pop and electro house song, with sparkling synths. According to "PopCrush"'s Scott Shetler, sonically, the song features exactly the same dance-pop vibe of the singer’s recent hits like ‘I Like It’ (2010) and ‘Dirty Dancer’ (2011).
Lyrically, "Finally Found You" sees Iglesias finding the love of his life at a club and declaring to never her let go, asking his "object of affection to ignore the advice of her friends and to stick with him till the end". In the chorus, Enrique sings, "In this crazy world the choice is ours, only got a few / either you’re coming with me or I’m coming with you / ’cause I finally found, I finally found you," with "heavily processed vocals", according to "Idolator"'s Robbie Daw. Later, Sammy Adams comes in and lets us know that he's "got his hands full" from grabbing girls, and informs us that he's "drunk as fuck."
Critical reception.
The song received mostly favorable reviews from music critics. Robbie Daw of "Idolator" was aware that the song "finds him sticking to the tried-and-true dance-pop formula that has kept him in the upper reaches of the charts since he first crossed over to pop stardom 13 years ago." Daw also saw that Sammy Adams verses are "another case of featured rappers veering away from the theme and spitting about whatever the hell they want to." However, Daw positively said, "who doesn’t love a guy who whispers sweet nothings and can give you a good beat to dance to at the same time?." Phil Kukawinski of "AOL Music" praised Adams verses, writing that, "The real shining moment in the song is brought out through his verse," praising "his flow and persona", which gives a good added edge and juxtaposition in the song that really puts it to a higher standard. Kukawinski also wrote that, "'Finally Found You' is a different feel for Iglesias, and with the numbers already on the rise with his new single, it seems that his slump is coming to an end."
Scott Shetler of "PopCrush" gave the song 3.5 out of 5 stars, writing that, "'Finally Found You' may be his most euphoric song yet, with its fluttering synths and lyrics about eternal commitment." Shetler also saw that Adams verses "don't necessarily fit the theme of the song, but chances are listeners will be so busy dancing they won’t notice the inconsistency." Melinda Newman of "HitFix" wrote that in the upbeat and bouncy song, "he’s finally found what he’s looking for, and it sounds remarkably like many other songs he’s done before and virtually every other song today that borrows David Guetta’s tremendously popular dance-pop whirl." Kim Alessi of "Commonsensemedia" wrote that "There's really nothing original about "Finally Found You," but the song does match Iglesias' sexy Latin dance-pop style and heartthrob persona, and is reminiscent of his other recent hit dance singles featuring rappers."
Commercial performance.
"Finally Found You" was received with great airplay in its first week, debuting at number 36 on the "Billboard"s Pop Songs chart, on the week of September 6, 2012. The following week it jumped to number 29, becoming the "Greatest Gainer". In the third week, the song was again the 'Greatest Gainer' jumping 9 places into top 20 at number 20. It has since peaked at number 12, his best song on the "Pop Songs" chart since "Tonight". The same week it debuted on the US Billboard Hot 100 at number 94. In its third week, following its digital release, the song leaped to number 24, selling 112,000 copies, being the "Greatest Gainer" of the week. The song also became his 23rd chart topper on the Billboard Latin Airplay chart, more than any other artist. The song has also peaked at number 2 on the Billboard's Latin Songs chart and has topped the "Billboard"'s Hot Dance Club Songs chart making it Enrique's 12th number-one there.
Elsewhere, the song performed moderately. In Australia, the song debuted and peaked at number 33, on the week of October 28, 2012, it later fell to number 46, before leaving the charts at number 45. It remained only three weeks on the ARIA Charts and became his lowest-charting single since "Addicted" (2003). In Spain, the song only managed to peak at number 31, during its first week, while it re-entered for five non-consecutive weeks. In Canada, "Finally Found You" achieved more success, peaking at number 11 - the same position than previous single, "I Like How It Feels".
Music video.
The official music video premiered on October 23, 2012 through Enrique's official VEVO account. Natalie Morris is shown as Enrique's love interest in the video. The video shows a female dancer, a DJ, and lots of sound equipment, flashing lights, and lyrics written out on everything in sight. The video has received over 44 million views. Another music video of the song with Daddy Yankee was premiered on November 21, 2012 which was directed by Diego Hurtado de Mendoza. It has received over 11 million views.
Storyline.
The story starts as a young Enrique plays hide and seek with his young female friend. Years pass until they see each other from across the crowded room and get immediately reacquainted. They haven’t seen each other in years, since they were 10 or so, and they go to the club and the bed, in steamy scenes of their full- blown adult fling.

</doc>
<doc id="36857666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857666" title="Costrada">
Costrada

Costrada is a typical Galician food from Pontedeume. There is a tradition that the recipe originated with a community of monks from Italy, perhaps belonging to the order of Saint Augustine, who brought the refectory of the monastery of Caaveiro in the 12th century. The use of this dish decreased greatly in the 20th century because of the cost of production.
Description.
Costrada consists of several layers of meat (chicken, ham and back bacon usually), or seafood (turbot and scallops). The dish is challenging because of its relatively expensive ingredients and its slow preparation.

</doc>
<doc id="36857686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857686" title="Seven Standards and a Blues">
Seven Standards and a Blues

Seven Standards and a Blues is the second album by American jazz saxophonist Ernie Henry featuring tracks recorded in 1957 for the Riverside label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars with Scott Yanow stating "Recorded just three months before his unexpected death, this set by altoist Ernie Henry is his definitive album as a leader... Superior modern mainstream music, but there should have been much more from the potentially significant Ernie Henry".

</doc>
<doc id="36857688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857688" title="1895 in the Philippines">
1895 in the Philippines

1895 in the Philippines details events of note that happened in the Philippines in the year 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="36857689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857689" title="Bartosz Osewski">
Bartosz Osewski

Bartosz Osewski (born 20 March 1991 in Gdańsk) is a Polish javelin thrower. He competed in the javelin throw at the 2012 Summer Olympics and placed 42nd with a mark of 71.19 metres.
Personal best: 83.89 (2012) – Polish U23 record. 

</doc>
<doc id="36857694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857694" title="2012–13 Indiana State Sycamores men's basketball team">
2012–13 Indiana State Sycamores men's basketball team

The 2012–13 Indiana State Sycamores basketball team represented Indiana State University during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Sycamores, led by third year head coach Greg Lansing, played their home games at the Hulman Center and were members of the Missouri Valley Conference. They finished the season 18–15, 9–9 in MVC play to finish in fifth place. They advanced to the semifinals of the Missouri Valley Tournament where they lost to Creighton. They were invited to the 2013 NIT where they lost in the first round to Iowa.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2013 Missouri Valley Conference Tournament
!colspan=9| 2013 NIT

</doc>
<doc id="36857717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857717" title="Hard Rock Hotel Penang">
Hard Rock Hotel Penang

Hard Rock Hotel Penang was open in September 2009. Being the first Hard Rock Hotel in Malaysia, Hard Rock Hotel Penang is a resort situated along the beaches of Batu Ferringhi, Penang.
Live performances.
Hard Rock Hotel Penang is also a location for live performances. Gigs in the Hotel consisted of both local and international artistes and bands. Among those who had played at Hard Rock Hotel Penang are The Wailers, Mizz Nina, Ella, Zainal Abidin, Sheila Majid and Amy Search.
Memorabilia.
There are more than 500 pieces of memorabilia in Hard Rock Hotel Penang. Memorabilia found at Hard Rock Hotel Penang include musical instruments, clothes and accessories that belong to both local and international artistes and bands.
Rooms.
The hotel is a six storey structure with 250 guest rooms which include:
Meeting space.
The Hotel has over 530 square meters of meeting space consisting of a marquee ballroom with seating for 300 guests (named Hall of Fame), pre-function garden area, three meeting rooms and a business centre.

</doc>
<doc id="36857726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857726" title="Kelleigh Bannen">
Kelleigh Bannen

Kelleigh Bannen is an American country music singer signed to EMI Records Nashville. She debuted in 2012 with the single "Sorry on the Rocks", which has charted on Hot Country Songs. The song received three stars from Billy Dukes of Taste of Country, who compared her voice to Terri Clark but criticized the production. Paul Worley and Jerry Smith will produce her debut album. Her second single, "Famous", charted in 2014.
Bannen is also a Christian and has sung a duet with Patrick Mayberry's "Kingdom Reign".

</doc>
<doc id="36857728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857728" title="MTSM motor torpedo boat">
MTSM motor torpedo boat

The MTSM motor torpedo boat (" Motoscafo da Turismo Silurante Modificato") was a series of small motor torpedo boats developed by the Italian Royal Navy during World War II. The vessel was an improved version of its predecessor, the motor torpedo boat MTS. This was achieved through a larger sea-going hull with reinforced keel and a sharper stem. The MTSM were designed to be towed by larger motorboats into the target area. Once there, the MTSM could carry out a torpedo attack on moored or stationary ships. The boat could also been transported by land on trailers.
Early development.
The Italian plans for an assault motor torpedo boat, the MTS model, began in December 1939. The Italian Naval Command goal was a small, high speed two-seat motor torpedo boat based on the MTM. In addition to speed, seaworthiness and range should made the motorboat capable of carrying out operations against anchored targets successfully. The MTS was armed with two 450mm torpedoes. 
In the summer of 1940 Baglietto shipyards released the first four prototypes, MTS 1, MTS 2, MTS 3 and MTS 4. The motorboats were tested in an unsuccessful attack on Greek naval forces at Porto Edda, Albania, on 5 April 1941. After that it was clear that the MTS had indeed met the criteria, but due to its small wooden hull it was only partially seaworthy. The demand for a better and larger successor led to the development of the MTSM.
Specifications and deployment.
With a displacement of three tons, the MTSM had a length of 8.4 m, a beam of 2.2 m and a draft of 0.6 m. They were propelled by two 95 Hp Alfa Romeo AR 6c outboard motors and developed a maximum speed of 34 knots at full load. The boats were fitted with radio equipment. Each MTSM was armed with a single 450mm torpedo amidships, behind the crew cockpit, and carried two 50 kg depth charges. The boat undergone its first test trials in the fall of 1941, and surpassed the expectations in terms of speed, maneuverability and steadiness. More than 100 units were delivered by Baglietto between 1941 and 1943.
Operational history.
The main combat operational use of the MTSM was against the Allied supply line between El Alamein and Alexandria. These boats belonged to a sub-unit of the Decima MAS, the motorized column "Giobbe", which moved the boats along the coast by trailers. Little was achieved due to Allied air superiority, but the nighttime shelling by British destroyers gave an opportunity to the MTSMs. On 29 August 1942, while a flotilla of destroyers was bombarding Axis positions at El Daba, Egypt, MTSM-228, manned by Sub-Lieutenant Pietro Carminatti, and crewman Cesari Sani torpedoed and disabled HMS "Eridge". The crippled destroyer was towed to Alexandria by HMS "Aldenham", where she was declared a constructive total loss and was used as a base ship for the rest of the war. "Eridge" was scrapped in 1946. MTSM-228, which fired her single torpedo from a range of 150 meters, was bombed by a British aircraft and had to be abandoned by her crew. The next morning, the small craft was still adrift and the Italian attempted to take her to the coast, but a German Stuka strafed the boat by mistake and blew her to pieces.
At German request, another motorized column, the "Mocagatta", was deployed to the Crimea in support of Operation Barbarossa from May 1942 to March 1943. The unit comprised five MTMs and five MTSMs. Italian reports claim that in the night of 6 June 1942 a 4,000 ton Soviet freighter was torpedoed and crippled by an MTSM and later destroyed by German aircraft. On 6 July a small craft carrying 13 Soviet servicemen was captured by another MTSM off Foros. 
The MTSMs were widely used in the Mediterranean theatre by September 1943, when Italy signed an armistice with the Allies. Ten units joined the Italian Co-Belligerent Navy, while an unknown number was active with the navy of the Italian Social Republic, a fascist statelet in northern Italy which remained part of the Axis. Most operations took place in the Adriatic sea, sometimes with mixed Italian and German crews.

</doc>
<doc id="36857748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857748" title="Ribosomal L28e protein family">
Ribosomal L28e protein family

Ribosomal L28e protein family is a family of evolutionarily related proteins.
Ribosomes are the particles that catalyse mRNA-directed protein synthesis in all organisms. The codons of the mRNA are exposed on the ribosome to allow tRNA binding. This leads to the incorporation of amino acids into the growing polypeptide chain in accordance with the genetic information. Incoming amino acid monomers enter the ribosomal A site in the form of aminoacyl-tRNAs complexed with elongation factor Tu (EF-Tu) and GTP. The growing polypeptide chain, situated in the P site as peptidyl-tRNA, is then transferred to aminoacyl-tRNA and the new peptidyl-tRNA, extended by one residue, is translocated to the P site with the aid the elongation factor G (EF-G) and GTP as the deacylated tRNA is released from the ribosome through one or more exit sites. About 2/3 of the mass of the ribosome consists of RNA and 1/3 of protein. The proteins are named in accordance with the subunit of the ribosome which they belong to - the small (S1 to S31) and the large (L1 to L44). Usually they decorate the rRNA cores of the subunits.
Many of ribosomal proteins, particularly those of the large subunit, are composed of a globular, surfaced-exposed domain with long finger-like projections that extend into the rRNA core to stabilise its structure. Most of the proteins interact with multiple RNA elements, often from different domains. In the large subunit, about 1/3 of the 23S rRNA nucleotides are at least in van der Waal's contact with protein, and L22 interacts with all six domains of the 23S rRNA. Proteins S4 and S7, which initiate assembly of the 16S rRNA, are located at junctions of five and four RNA helices, respectively. In this way proteins serve to organise and stabilise the rRNA tertiary structure. While the crucial activities of decoding and peptide transfer are RNA based, proteins play an active role in functions that may have evolved to streamline the process of protein synthesis. In addition to their function in the ribosome, many ribosomal proteins have some function 'outside' the ribosome.
Ribosomal protein L28e forms part of the 60S ribosomal subunit. This family is found in eukaryotes. In rat there are 9 or 10 copies of the L28 gene. The L28 protein contains a possible internal duplication of 9 residues.
Examples.
Human genes encoding protein containing this domain include RPL28.

</doc>
<doc id="36857756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857756" title="Jaida Dreyer">
Jaida Dreyer

Jaida Dreyer is an American-Canadian country music singer-songwriter, and a world champion equestrian, who is signed to Streamsound Records, a label founded in 2012 by Byron Gallimore. She debuted in 2012 with the singles "Guy's Girl" and "Confessions", both of which charted on Hot Country Songs. Recent songwriting credits include "At the Time", which was recorded by Carolyn Dawn Johnson in 2010. Dreyer released her third single, "Half Broke Horses", in early 2013. Dreyer's debut album, "I Am Jaida Dreyer", was released on February 26, 2013. In 2013, she was nominated by the Canadian Country Music Association for the Female Vocalist of the Year award. Dreyer wrote two songs featured on the television musical drama, "Nashville", which airs on ABC. “Dreams” was performed by Hayden Panettiere’s character Julliette Barnes and “This Town” performed by Clare Bowen’s character Scarlett O’Connor.

</doc>
<doc id="36857763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857763" title="Eucalyptus denticulata">
Eucalyptus denticulata

Eucalyptus denticulata, the Errinundra shining gum, is a eucalyptus tree native to the forests of East Gippsland, Victoria in the far south-eastern Australia. It may also be seen in adjacent areas in the state of New South Wales.
A tall to very tall tree, it is often seen around in height, although exceptional specimens may reach . The habitat is moist montane areas on fertile soils, often on the edge of gullies and rainforest margins. This species may be seen in and near Errinundra National Park.
The type specimen was collected on March 3, 1989, at an altitude of above sea level, at Errinundra National Park. Previously this species was considered an informal variant of "Eucalyptus nitens", the shining gum.
The specific epithet "denticulata" is derived from Latin, referring to the finely toothed leaves. This is an unusual feature in the eucalyptus group, as almost all species have smooth edged leaves. The uneven leaf margins may be a defence against herbivores.
Description.
"Eucalyptus denticulata" is a large fast growing forest tree. The base of the tree is somewhat flanged or slightly buttressed. Bark often sheds in long ribbons. Above the hanging bark at the base of the tree, the trunk is smooth and cylindrical; grey, white or creamish yellow.
The juvenile leaves are arranged oppositely on the stem; heart shaped, or almost round to broad lanceolate. They are a dull green colour. The adult leaves are lanceolate or narrow lanceolate; long, wide, not opposite on the stem. The same glossy colour green above as below. Leaf edges are irregularly toothed and have marginal glands.
The flowers form in groups of seven. The gumnut is long, and in diameter. The valves are long enough to reach or extend out of the rim of the gumnut.

</doc>
<doc id="36857782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857782" title="D. Vincent Williams">
D. Vincent Williams

David Vincent Williams (born in Houston, Texas) is an American country music singer and songwriter. He is one of the co-writers of James Otto's 2008 single "Just Got Started Lovin' You".
Williams signed to Bigger Picture Music Group in 2012 and released his debut single "Down by the River". Taste of Country gave the single 4.5 stars out of 5, praising it for its bluegrass influences. "Down by the River" ultimately peaked at number 53 on the Hot Country Songs chart and Williams parted ways with Bigger Picture.

</doc>
<doc id="36857820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857820" title="Chesley Award for Best Cover Illustration – Paperback">
Chesley Award for Best Cover Illustration – Paperback

The Chesley Award for Best Cover Illustration - Paperback is given by the Association of Science Fiction and Fantasy Artists (ASFA) to recognize achievements in the illustration of science fiction & fantasy paperback books eligible in the year previous to the award.

</doc>
<doc id="36857850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857850" title="Parkinson &amp; Dockendorff">
Parkinson &amp; Dockendorff

Parkinson & Dockendorff was an architectural firm based in La Crosse, Wisconsin that was known for its works designed from 1905 through the 1930s. The firm's two named partners were Albert Edward Parkinson (1870 – September 19, 1952) and Bernard Joseph Dockendorff (January 22, 1878 – September 23, 1952). The firm is credited with designing over 800 public buildings, including "many of the most significant surviving Early Modern (1900–1940) commercial and public buildings" in La Crosse. A number of Parkinson & Dockendorff's works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Biographies.
Parkinson was born in England and trained in architecture by his father. He moved to the United States and established an architecture practice at Sparta, Wisconsin by 1897. 
Dockendorff was born in La Crosse and was the son of German immigrants. After attending the La Crosse public schools, he studied architecture at the Technicum in Darmstadt, Germany, and with Ludwig Becker in Mayence. After returning to La Crosse, he established a partnership with Parkinson in 1905. Parkinson died on September 19, 1952. Dockendorff died four days later.
Works.
Works include:

</doc>
<doc id="36857860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857860" title="2011 Hackleburg–Phil Campbell, Alabama tornado">
2011 Hackleburg–Phil Campbell, Alabama tornado

The 2011 Hackleburg–Phil Campbell, Alabama tornado was a violent, long-track EF5 tornado that devastated several towns in northern Alabama, before tearing through the western suburbs of Huntsville and causing damage in rural portions of southern Tennessee on the afternoon and early evening of April 27, 2011. It was the deadliest tornado of the April 25–28, 2011 tornado outbreak, the largest tornado outbreak in United States history. The tornado reached a maximum width of and was estimated to have had peak winds of . The tornado killed 72 people, making it the deadliest tornado in Alabama history. It was the deadliest tornado to strike the U.S. since the Udall, Kansas tornado of 1955 until the catastrophic tornado on May 22, 2011, which killed 158 people in Joplin, Missouri.
Meteorological synopsis.
The tornado initially touched down in Marion County, Alabama about west-southwest of Hamilton around 3:05 pm CDT and tracked northeast, causing significant tree and roof damage. Damage at the beginning of the path ranged from EF1 to EF2. The tornado reached EF4 strength as it approached U.S. Highway 43. As it neared Hackleburg, moving parallel to Highway 43, the tornado further strengthened to EF5 intensity and widened to , sweeping away numerous homes along the highway. One large brick home along Hayfield Rd was swept completely away, with vehicles from the house thrown 150 yards. Patches of scoured grass were also noted on the property. The tornado maintained EF5 strength as it struck Hackleburg directly, sweeping away numerous homes, destroying three schools and a Wrangler plant, and tossing cars as far as from where they originated. Extensive wind-rowing of debris was also noted. Jeans from the Wrangler plant reportedly fell from the sky in Courtland, Alabama. The tornado debarked numerous trees in town, and even tore up poured concrete from the ground at one location. Most buildings in downtown Hackleburg were badly damaged as well. According to the Red Cross, 75% of the town was destroyed. 18 people were killed in the Hackleburg area. While initially rated as an EF3, after further analysis of the damage in and around Hackleburg, the rating was increased to EF5, making it the first F5 or EF5 tornado in Alabama since the Birmingham tornado of April 8, 1998. The presence of well-built homes swept away, extensive wind-rowing, and cars thrown hundreds of yards were the main factors that led to the EF5 rating in Hackleburg.
Continuing Parallel to Highway 43, the tornado crossed into Franklin County, destroying several homes as it approached the town of Phil Campbell. The tornado then tore through Phil Campbell at EF5 intensity, sweeping away numerous homes, a few of which even had their block foundations destroyed as well. Some of the homes swept away were well-constructed. A 25-foot section of pavement was scoured from a road in town, with chunks of asphalt scattered up to 1/3 of a mile away, and numerous trees were completely denuded and debarked, one of which had a car wrapped around it. Three churches in town were destroyed, including one that was reduced to a bare slab. Multiple mobile homes were obliterated as well, with their mangled frames tossed up to 50 yards away. An underground storm shelter in town had its concrete roof torn off. 
EF4 and EF5 damage continued as the tornado exited Phil Campbell and tore through rural areas, sweeping away additional homes as it roughly followed County Roads 81 and 82. The tornado then reached its maximum intensity as it tore through the rural community of Oak Grove, with the damage intensity reaching well into the EF5 range and a path width over a mile wide. Oak Grove suffered a large swath of total devastation. Large and well-built homes were swept completely away, with the debris strewn long distances. A Corvette was thrown 641 feet and severely mangled, and a vehicle missing from one residence was never found. A chicken house completely vanished, with nothing recovered at the site but a single piece of metal truss, and numerous trees in this area were completely debarked. The tornado continued into Lawrence County and maintained EF5 strength as it struck the small town of Mount Hope, where significant devastation was incurred to single-family homes and a restaurant. Nothing but the foundation and a pile of debris remained at the restaurant site, and a small portion of the restaurant's foundation slab buckled. Thousands of hardwood and softwood trees were snapped, with a significant number of trees twisted and debarked with only stubs of branches remaining. Many mobile homes were also destroyed with the frames mangled, and a single-family home was completely destroyed, with the walls and contents strewn over a hundred yards. Meteorologist Gary Dobbs, with WAAY-TV since 1984, spotted this tornado from his car and was unable to get to his storm shelter. While his house was destroyed around him, Dobbs was thrown from the house. The door of the storm shelter was torn off, but no friends therein were seriously injured. Dobbs required hospitalization.
Past Mount Hope, the tornado weakened to EF3 strength. More trees were found snapped and twisted before the tornado reached Highway 24. At this location, 4 chicken houses were completely destroyed with much of the debris wrapped around debarked trees. TVA high voltage power line trusses were also destroyed at this location. The tornado continued northeast as an EF3 as it struck Langtown, where multiple homes lost their roofs or had only interior walls left standing, and a gas station and a store sustained significant damage. The tornado re-intensified to high-end EF4 strength as it passed northwest of Trinity, completely destroying multiple homes and mobile homes. Several cars were tossed into fields and wrapped around debarked trees along County Road 291 and 292. Tree and mobile home damage continued along County Roads 217 and 222, where a handful of large high voltage TVA power poles were destroyed, cutting off electricity delivery from Browns Ferry Nuclear Power Plant. EF4 damage continued northeast towards Alabama Highway 20, where a restaurant was completely destroyed and two single-family houses were significantly damaged. Tree damage continued into extreme northwestern Morgan County.
The tornado continued a short stretch through the northwest corner of Morgan County, crossing Wheeler Lake, and into Limestone, coming within approximately of Browns Ferry Nuclear Power Plant and toppling nearly a dozen high voltage power lines in Limestone County, snapping concrete power poles at their bases. These power lines delivered electricity from Browns Ferry Nuclear Power Plant, and without the outlet, the plant had to be shut down. The tornado continued towards the small community of Tanner.
Tanner experienced a large swath of EF4 damage and a narrow corridor of "high-end EF4 to near-EF5 damage". The storm completely swept away several well constructed homes with anchor bolting. One home was scattered over 300 yards with large items carried completely away. Intense ground scarring occurred in this area. The storm also tossed a large cargo container approximately 600 yards and carried several cars airborne for hundreds of yards. Several homes and a church that were destroyed by the 1974 Tanner tornadoes and later rebuilt, were destroyed once again by this tornado. As the tornado crossed US-Hwy 72 in eastern Limestone County, the tornado destroyed a Nexrad radar operated by NBC affiliate WAFF and continued into East Limestone, a heavily populated area of Limestone County where numerous homes were damaged or destroyed. Many subdivisions were devastated in this area. As the storm crossed into Madison County, AL, it approached the densely populated suburban communities of Harvest and Toney, where many neighborhoods and subdivisions are located. The storm destroyed many homes and businesses along Yarborough Rd and Ford Chapel, Rd and damaged or destroyed numerous homes in the Anderson Hills and Carter's Gin subdivisions. Many homes were reduced to rubble, trees were snapped and debarked, and the damage in this area was rated EF4. The tornado completely destroyed a Piggly Wiggly grocery store in Harvest as well as severely damaged a convenience store and local bank, which was shut down for months following the event. The storm progressed across Pulaski Pike in northwest Madison County, damaging many homes. In all, hundreds of homes received moderate to major damage along the path from Limestone to Madison County with many of these being total losses. The tornado then weakened significantly, producing EF0 tree damage in the Hazel Green area and through rural areas as it moved towards the Tennessee border.
The track then moved into Tennessee and continued south of Huntland. Isolated and minor EF0 tree damage was noted at the intersection of John Hunter Highway (State Route 122) and Limestone Road near the Lincoln/Franklin county line. More significant damage was noted, starting about south southwest of Huntland. A cinder block building suffered damage to its flat adobe roof, with some of blocks near the roof (around off of the ground) pushed out, resulting in EF2 damage. Surveyors could not directly examine the roof given this building was on the highest ground in the vicinity. Nearby, a single-family home of cinder block construction had its roof totally removed, with another home about away having significant roof damage, with over one half of its roof removed, and some shifting off of its foundation. Damage with the latter was consistent with high-end EF2 damage. A chicken building with metal girding near the second home was completely flattened, consistent with EF2 damage.
A farm complex south of Hickory Grove road had damage to a number of structures there. The home and the main car garage had part of their roofs removed. A barn that was protecting bales of hay was destroyed, with a few of bales blown from 100–200 feet from their original location. The worst damage was noted with lower end EF3 damage to a cinder block utility building about south of the primary residence. Most of its roof was removed, with over half of its downwind wall pushed outward. An older barn nearby suffered lesser EF0 damage to it roof, while the top half of a silo near that barn was missing. Another barn structure was completely destroyed northwest of the primary home. The width at this point was approximately 1/4 mile. Other damage was noted near the intersection of Hickory Grove Road and Sugar Cove Road, with EF1 damage to some heavy farm equipment and EF0 roof damage to a nearby barn. Scattered trees were downed to the northeast, with fence posts deep pulled up near Hickory Grove and Buncombe Road. There was evidence the tornado continued toward mountains a few miles further east before dissipating, with some trees damaged along the ridge.
Aftermath and response.
In total, this tornado killed 72 people, all in Alabama. This made it the deadliest single tornado ever to strike the state of Alabama as well as (at the time) the deadliest in the United States since the 1955 Udall, Kansas tornado that killed 80 people. This death toll would go on to be exceeded by the Joplin EF5 tornado less than a month later. Damage from the tornado amounted to $1.29 billion, making this one of the costliest tornadoes in U.S. history. This tornado also had the longest track of any tornado in the outbreak, with its path extending across Northern Alabama and into Tennessee.
In response to the damage in Phil Campbell, one of the hardest hit communities, writer Phil Campbell organized a fundraising and relief effort composed of 20 people with the name Phil Campbell or variations thereof. These Phil Campbells traveled to the community from places as far away as Australia to aid in the cleanup effort. Many of these people had planned to attend a convention in June, 2011 to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the city's incorporation.

</doc>
<doc id="36857871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857871" title="Edgars (name)">
Edgars (name)

Edgars is a Latvian masculine given name. It is the Latvian cognate of the English name Edgar and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36857911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857911" title="Lia Pootah">
Lia Pootah

The Lia Pootah are a Tasmanian group who claim to be descendants both of Tasmanian Aboriginal women from several kinship groups and of European men (free settlers, soldiers and convicts) who arrived in Van Dieman's Land from 1803 on. They claim to be distinct from the Palawa, a group of Aboriginal descent whose immediate ancestors hail mostly from the islands of Bass Strait.
Origins.
The Lia Pootah claim a connection with two main groups, the people of the Waddamanna (big rivers) and the people of the Huon. These kinship groups are defined as Teen Toomele Menennye (Big River) and Tahune Linah (Huon) respectively. Some of the Lia Pootah claim to be descended from the people of Bruny Island and from the Toogee of Tasmania’s West Coast. Others claim an origin on the East Coast and in the Central Highlands.
The Lia Pootah say that it is inaccurate to claim (as some historians have done) that all Aboriginal people were removed from the Tasmanian mainland in the nineteenth century. They maintain that many people of full or part Aboriginal descent remained in Tasmania, particularly in remote areas, given that much of Tasmania was inaccessible to European settlers as late as the 1870s.
Cultural activities.
The cultural arm of the Lia Pootah community is Manuta Tunapee Puggaluggalia (Tasmanian Aboriginal Historical Cultural Association and Publishing House). Its stated aim is to educate and break down the stereotypes and misconceptions which now prevail within both the Tasmanian community and the broader community. It says that the broader community is unaware that there are a number of separate Aboriginal communities in Tasmania, which have their own policies and guidelines and publish their own material. It has therefore made available cultural books, teaching resources, and other material, including children's books.
Recognition.
The Lia Pootah maintain that the definition of Tasmanian Aboriginality has been monopolised by a separate group known as the Palawa, represented by the Tasmanian Aboriginal Centre (TAC) and with three accepted lines of ancestry - Bass Strait Islands, Dolly Dalrymple and Fanny Cochrane Smith. This, they argue, has had the effect of excluding the Lia Pootah from government recognition and from full involvement in Aboriginal affairs. The Palawa leader most strongly opposed to Lia Pootah claims to Aboriginality is lawyer and activist Michael Mansell, one of the founders of the TAC. 
It has been pointed out that the definition of an "Aboriginal Tasmanian" is anyone who claims to have some Aboriginal blood. Since individual records are rare and unreliable, verification would rely chiefly on genetic testing, and this is generally frowned upon.

</doc>
<doc id="36857921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857921" title="E-Government in Saudi Arabia">
E-Government in Saudi Arabia

The e-Government in Saudi Arabia was established as per Royal Decree No. 7/B/33181 dated 7 September 2003. The e-Government was created by the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology. In 2005, the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology created the e-Government Program "Yesser" with the ministry of finance and the Communications and Information Technology Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="36857931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857931" title="Phil Harris (fighter)">
Phil Harris (fighter)

Phil Harris (born 9 April 1983) is an English mixed martial artist who currently competes in the Flyweight division for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Mixed martial arts career.
Early career.
After compiling a record of 17–9 (1), Harris signed with BAMMA in 2010, making his debut against Irish featherweight Steve McCombe at BAMMA 2, winning via unanimous decision. He followed that up with another decision victory over Neil Seery at BAMMA 3. After a 21-month layoff, Harris dropped two weight classes to take on Canadian grappler Remi Morvan at Cage Warriors 46, winning by triangle armbar at 4:21 of round 1, his first submission win since 2007. Less than a month later, he took on TUF 14 contestant Casey Dyer at Cage Warriors: Fight Night 4, notching his fifth consecutive win with a unanimous decision.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
On 16 August 2012, Harris was signed by the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He made his UFC debut against fellow grappler Darren Uyenoyama at UFC on FX 5 on 5 October 2012, replacing an injured Louis Gaudinot. Harris was submitted in the second round with a rear naked choke.
Harris next faced Ulysses Gomez on 16 February 2013 at . Harris won the bout via unanimous decision.
Harris was expected to face John Lineker on 3 August 2013 at UFC 163, but Harris suffered a fractured orbital bone in training and he was replaced by José Maria.
The bout with Lineker was rescheduled for 26 October 2013 at UFC Fight Night 30. Harris lost the fight by first round TKO.
Harris faced Louis Gaudinot at UFC Fight Night 37. He lost the fight via submission in the first round. However, on June 20, 2014, the loss was changed to a No Contest after it was revealed Gaudinot had failed his drug test.
On April 5, 2014, Harris was released from the UFC after losing two fights in a row.
On the same day that Harris was released from the UFC, April 5, 2014, it was announced that Harris had signed an exclusive five-fight deal with Cage Warriors. Harris was expected to face Kurban Gadzhiev on 18 April 2014 in the main event of Cage Warriors Fight Night 11. However Kurban Gadzhiev pulled out of the fight due to illness, thus scraping the fight.
Despite not having a fight since the announced UFC release, Harris is expected to face Neil Seery in a rematch on July 19, 2014 at UFC Fight Night 46.

</doc>
<doc id="36857932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857932" title="Jan Kukal">
Jan Kukal

Jan Kukal (born 13 September 1942) is a former professional tennis player who competed for Czechoslovakia.
Career.
Kukal won the Czechoslovakian National Championships in 1968, the same year that he played his first Davis Cup tie for his country. He went on to appear in a total of 16 Davis Cup ties and finished with a 13-11 career record, which included five singles wins. In 1969 he was a member of the Czechoslovak team that won Europe's King's Cup.
He reached four Grand Prix/WCT doubles finals during his career, for one win, at Des Moines in 1973.
At Grand Slam level his best performance was a semi-final appearance in the men's doubles at the 1972 French Open, with Jan Kodeš.
Coaching.
Kukal began his coaching career while he was still playing. In 1972 he was coach of the Romania Davis Cup team and he coached the Dutch team the following year. From 1981 to 1983, he coached Czechoslovakia in the Davis Cup. During that time he was also Czechoslovak Fed Cup captain and led them to the 1983 Federation Cup title. He then coached the Austria Davis Cup team, from 1984 to 1990, and captained the Czech Republic Davis Cup team from 1999 until 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="36857935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857935" title="Amani Takayawa">
Amani Takayawa

Amani Takayawa is a Fijian rugby league player who represented his country in the 2000 World Cup.
Takayawa played for the Nadera Panthers in the Fiji National Rugby League competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36857940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857940" title="Dinyar Contractor">
Dinyar Contractor

Dinyar Contractor is a Parsi stage actor, comedian and Bollywood actor. He acts in Gujarati theatre and Hindi theatre as well as Hindi movies. He started acting at school and began his professional career in 1966. He started working on television programs with another Parsi actor Adi Marzban when Mumbai Doordarshan launched the DD-2 channel in Mumbai with "Aavo Mari Saathe", a Gujarati program.

</doc>
<doc id="36857948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857948" title="Himo, Tanzania">
Himo, Tanzania

Himo is a village in the Makuyuni ward of Kilimanjaro Region in Tanzania.
Location.
Himo is located at . Its growth in the 1980s was boosted when it became the centre of a thriving smuggling trade across the Kenyan border.
Himo is very strategically placed as it is a central point town of the Kilimanjaro district. It is about 29 kilometers east of Moshi and about 15 Kilometers from the Kenyan Border. The town across in Kenya is called Taveta. As well you have to pass via Himo to go north to Marango and to Kibo. Both these are now central to the tourist trade into ascending to the summit of Mount Kilimanjaro. Of all the routes to climb Mt. Kilimanjaro the Himo route is still favored due to its history and less difficulty of ascend.
Himo started to thrive in the 1950's with the arrival of the Moshi Trading company where they built a local railway system to work in the sisal plantations nearby. At that time some of the prominent Indian and Arab merchants made a foothold on the business and some are still present to this day. The most inspiring of them all was Mohammed Jaffer and his wife Zainab. He was often called "Jaffa" or "Tajiri" by the locals. He operated Jaffs Produce Store from 1958 right up to 1995. Other prominent citizens were Bwana Alifra, Bwana Haasani, Bwana Kilunga, Bwana Babu, Bwana Esa,
These merchants were responsible for setting the infrastructure in place. Bwana Jaffa had a petrol station and offered ease and convenience of petrol availability. As well he was responsible for numerous house construction with his trucks and sand business. As well he was a pioneer in Himo for bringing the first running water, electricity, telephone, Television, and commercial trade.

</doc>
<doc id="36857950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857950" title="California Historical Landmarks in Santa Barbara County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Santa Barbara County, California

List table of the properties and districts — listed on the California Historical Landmarks — within Santa Barbara County, California. 

</doc>
<doc id="36857956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857956" title="Yūyu no Quiz de Go! Go!">
Yūyu no Quiz de Go! Go!

The game was featured in episode 72 (10th Season) of "GameCenter CX". "Yūyu no Quiz de Go! Go!" (Director's Cut) is featured in the DVD-Box Vol. 6, released on December 18, 2009.
Summary.
Yūyu was the nickname of Yukiko Iwai, a teen idol from the 1980s and early 1990s, who was part of the pop group Onyanko Club.

</doc>
<doc id="36857957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857957" title="HD 81817">
HD 81817

HD 81817 is a star in the constellation Draco. Its apparent magnitude is 4.27.

</doc>
<doc id="36857968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857968" title="10 Draconis">
10 Draconis

10 Draconis (10 Dra) is a star in the constellation Draco. Its apparent magnitude is 4.62.

</doc>
<doc id="36857971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857971" title="Miss New York USA 2013">
Miss New York USA 2013

Miss New York USA 2013, will be held in the state of New York on January 20, 2013. Johanna Sambucini Miss New York USA 2012 will crown her successor at the end of the event. The winner would go on to represent the State of New York in Miss USA 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36857972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857972" title="2012 MTV Video Music Brazil">
2012 MTV Video Music Brazil

The 2012 MTV Video Music Brazil, known as VMB 2012 in Brazil, was held on September 20, 2012, and yook place at the Espaço das Américas, São Paulo. It awarded the best in Brazilian music and popular culture in the year of 2012.
With the Street Culture as the awards theme, the VMB 2012 overcame the previous edition as the greatest VMB ever. The event had an audience of 4000 people, and it was 4 hours long, 1 hour for the pre-show, 2 for the main show, and 1 for after-show, like the previous editions. As the 2011 Video Music Awards, the awards, for the first time, didn't have a host.
For this edition, some concepts of the previous edition was maintained. It was continue to emphasize the alternative scenario of Brazilian music, but, this time, the popular one gained more space. Some popular artists returned to be indicated, like the happy rock band Restart, winner of 5 categories in 2010.
The voting was also reformulated. New categories were created: Best Band, Best Female and Best Male Act. The public has regained emphasis and chose the finalists in each category until September 3. From there, the VMB academy chose the winners. The exceptions were the categories Hit of the Year and International Artist, which were exclusively by popular vote.
Nominations.
The nominees were revealed on July 20, 2012. The finalists were revealed on September 3. Nominees with small font weren't selected among the finalists.

</doc>
<doc id="36857980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857980" title="45 Draconis">
45 Draconis

45 Draconis (45 Dra) is a star in the constellation Draco. Its apparent magnitude is 4.94.

</doc>
<doc id="36857981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857981" title="Postumius Suagrus">
Postumius Suagrus

Postumius Suagrus or Suagrius (fl. 3rd century AD) was a Roman senator.
Biography.
Postumius Suagrus was a member of the third century "gens Postumii", which was not descended from the Republican family of the same name. He may have served as suffect consul sometime prior to AD 275. In that year, he was appointed "Praefectus urbi" of Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="36857990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36857990" title="18 Draconis">
18 Draconis

18 Draconis (18 Dra) is a star in the constellation Draco. Its apparent magnitude is 4.84.

</doc>
<doc id="36858031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858031" title="HD 20644">
HD 20644

HD 20644 is a star in the constellation Aries. Its apparent magnitude is 4.47.

</doc>
<doc id="36858087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858087" title="2012–13 UNC Asheville Bulldogs men's basketball team">
2012–13 UNC Asheville Bulldogs men's basketball team

The 2012–13 UNC Asheville Bulldogs men's basketball team represented the University of North Carolina at Asheville during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Bulldogs, led by 17th year head coach Ed Biedenbach, played their home games at Kimmel Arena and were members of the South Division of the Big South Conference. They finished the season 16–16, 10–6 in Big South play to finish in third place in the South Division. They lost in the first round of the Big South Tournament to Longwood.
Head coach Ed Biedenbach resigned at the end of the season to take an assistants job at UNC Wilmington. 
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2013 Big South Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="36858115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858115" title="You Are Not Alone (Kinetics &amp; One Love album)">
You Are Not Alone (Kinetics &amp; One Love album)

You Are Not Alone is the second album from hip-hop group and songwriting duo Kinetics & One Love. Released on August 28, 2012, the album features guest appearances from Termanology, Wynter Gordon, Nitty Scott, Jon Bellion, Time Out Club's KTSB and the Lower East Side-based rapper and poet Accent. It also features guest production from Kenna Okoye. Within its first two hours on sale, the album broke the top ten on the iTunes hip-hop chart and climbed to #55 on the all albums iTunes chart. It also charted at No. 57 on "Billboard Magazine"'s R&B/Hip-Hop chart and No. 32 on its Heatseekers chart. Upon its debut, "You Are Not Alone" received positive reviews from "Billboard Magazine", MTV's Buzzworthy, "Vibe Magazine", "Complex Magazine","The Source Magazine" and "XXL Magazine". 
"You Are Not Alone" is a socially conscious concept album, reflecting upon the decisions of society as a whole and pondering the future direction of mankind. Throughout the course of the album, rapper Kinetics discusses a broad range of issues, such as teen suicide ("Sign Language"), domestic abuse ("Hideous"), feelings of isolation and being an outcast ("Sometimes I Feel Like A Robot"), declining standards of hip-hop music ("I Am A Computer") and even touches upon the genocide of Native Americans, the use of weapons of mass destruction and overprescription in the pharmaceutical industry (in "You Could Save Us All").

</doc>
<doc id="36858121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858121" title="Last Chorus">
Last Chorus

Last Chorus is a posthumous album by American jazz saxophonist Ernie Henry featuring tracks recorded in 1956 and 1957 for the Riverside label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars with Scott Yanow stating "Overall, the music is fine and, surprisingly, does not have an unfinished air about it. It does make one wish that Ernie Henry had taken better care of his health, as he was just beginning to develop a sound of his own".

</doc>
<doc id="36858141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858141" title="2012–13 Florida State Seminoles men's basketball team">
2012–13 Florida State Seminoles men's basketball team

The 2012–13 Florida State Seminoles men's basketball team represented Florida State University in the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season The Seminoles were led by eleventh year head coach Leonard Hamilton and played their home games at the Donald L. Tucker Center on the university's Tallahassee, Florida campus. They were members of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
They finished the season 18–16, 9–9 in ACC play, to finish in sixth place. They lost in the quarterfinals of the ACC Tournament to North Carolina. They were invited to the 2013 NIT where they lost in the first round to Louisiana Tech.
Previous season.
The Seminoles finished the 2011–12 season 25–10, 12–4 in ACC play, and lost in the 3rd round of the NCAA Tournament to Cincinnati. Florida State ended the season ranked 10th in the AP Poll and 12th in the Coaches' Poll.
Awards.
Honors.
Michael Snaer has been honored with "ACC Player of the Week" recognition.
Team statistics.
<br>
Retrieved from Seminoles.com
Rankings.
Entering the 2012-2013 season, Florida State was ranked in both the AP and Coaches' Preseason Polls. The Seminoles were ranked No. 25 in the AP Poll and No. 24 in the Coaches' Poll.
Schedule and results.
Seminole Madness was held on October 12 at the Leon County Civic Center.
!colspan=12| Exhibition
!colspan=12| Regular season (Non-conference play)
!colspan=12| Regular season (ACC conference play)
!colspan=12| ACC Tournament
!colspan=12| National Invitation Tournament
Media.
Florida State basketball is broadcast on the Florida State University Seminoles Radio Network.

</doc>
<doc id="36858148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858148" title="Nettleton High School (Arkansas)">
Nettleton High School (Arkansas)

Nettleton High School is a comprehensive four-year public high school located in Jonesboro, Arkansas, United States. It is one of eight public high schools in Craighead County, Arkansas and the only high school managed by the Nettleton School District. It serves as the main feeder school for Nettleton Junior High School.
Curriculum.
The assumed course of study at Nettleton High School is the Smart Core curriculum developed by the Arkansas Department of Education. Students are engaged in regular and Advanced Placement (AP) coursework and exams prior to graduation, with the opportunity for qualified students to be named "honor graduates" based on grade point average and additional coursework above minimum requirements. Nettleton High School has been accredited since 1965 by AdvancED.
Extracurricular activities.
The Nettleton High School mascot is the Raider and the school colors and black and gold.
Athletics.
For 2012-14, the Nettleton Raiders participate in the 5A East Conference administered by the Arkansas Activities Association (AAA). The Raiders compete in interscholastic competition including baseball, basketball (boys/girls), competitive cheer, competitive dance, cross country, football, golf (boys/girls), soccer (boys/girls), softball, swimming and diving (boys/girls), track and field (boys/girls) and volleyball.
Clubs and traditions.
The school offers several clubs and organizations for students to serve and collaborate including SkillsUSA, FCCLA, Student Council, National Honor Society.

</doc>
<doc id="36858155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858155" title="Guerric of Igny">
Guerric of Igny

Guerric of Igny (c. 1070/80-1157) was a Cistercian abbot. Little is known about his early life. He may have been educated at Tournai's cathedral school, perhaps under Benedictine monk, Odo of Cambrai. Guerric appears to have lived a life of prayer and study near the Tournai Cathedral. His monastic formation was directly influenced by Bernard of Clairvaux, who praises him in several letters. In 1138, he became abbot of Igny Abbey, in the diocese of Rheims, a house dependent on Clairvaux. Here Guerric ruled as abbot until his death on 19 August 1157. It was here that he composed the 54 liturgical sermons that consistute his surviving works.
His spirituality was said to be influenced by Origen. Guerric was raised to the rank of Blessed; his relics are still venerated in Igny.

</doc>
<doc id="36858158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858158" title="Part-Arabian">
Part-Arabian

A part-Arabian, partbred Arabian or half-Arabian is a horse with documented amounts of Arabian horse breeding. Because the Arabian is deemed to be a breed of purebred horse dating back many centuries, the modern breed registries recognized by the World Arabian Horse Organization generally have tightly closed stud books which exclude a horse from registration if it is found to contain any outside blood. However, Arabian breeding has also been used for centuries to add useful traits to countless other horse breeds. In the modern era, crossbreeding has been popular to combine the best traits of two different breeds, such as color, size, or ability to specialize in a particular equestrian discipline.
Thus, in the modern era, the desire to recognize and acknowledge Arabian breeding in non-purebred horses has led to the formation of partbred sections in many purebred Arabian registries in order to record the pedigrees of crossbreds. In addition, some particularly successful or popular crossbreds have created their own registries, usually closed to most outside breeding, but which generally allow additional infusions of purebred Arabian blood. Some registries, particularly those for sport horses and various warmbloods, have an open or partially open stud book that still allows some infusions of Arabian blood as well as that of other breeds, sometimes based on a documented Arabian pedigree, sometimes on a pedigree plus a studbook selection process. There are cases where a horse may qualify for registration in more than one registry and thus may be marketed as "double-registered."
A few breeds, such as the Thoroughbred, acknowledge Arabian ancestry with named, documented horses in their stud books, but no longer accept new infusions of Arabian blood and the breed is considered a purebred in its own right. Literally hundreds of other horse breeds have some evidence of Arabian influence. In some breeds, such as the Percheron, Arabian influence is considered highly probable, but dates back hundreds of years and thus is difficult to conclusively prove as pedigree records cannot be linked to individual animals. In other breeds, such as the Andalusian horse or the American Quarter Horse, documentation of Arabian bloodlines in the breed can be found but either the records are controversial, or the infusion of Arab blood itself was controversial and for various reasons the breed registry today seeks to downplay Arabian type or influence.
Registries.
Breed registries for part-Arabians include:
Open stud books.
Horse registries with an open stud book that allow Arabian and part-Arabians as well as other breeds to be registered include:
Partially open stud books that allow Arab breeding.
Breeds with a "partially open" stud book, but that still allow new infusions of Arabian breeding, some based only on documented pedigree, some requiring a pedigree and studbook selection, include:
"Purebred" breeds with Arabian roots.
Breeds significantly influenced by acknowledged, documented Arabian foundation bloodstock recorded by their breed's stud book during their formative years, but have closed stud books that no longer accept Arabian blood directly include:

</doc>
<doc id="36858177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858177" title="Francesc Rovira i Sala">
Francesc Rovira i Sala

Francesc Rovira i Sala or Francisco Rovira (1764 – 1820) led miquelets (Catalan militia) against Imperial France in a number of partisan actions during the Peninsular War. A Catholic priest by profession, he took command of guerillas who resisted the French occupation of his native Catalonia. Soon he directed a force numbering a few thousand partisans. In February 1810, his men took part in the Battle of Vich. His most notable exploit was the surprise capture of Sant Ferran Castle in April 1811, which was part of the Siege of Figueras.

</doc>
<doc id="36858194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858194" title="Dave Black (politician)">
Dave Black (politician)

David Paul Black (born June 26, 1961) has served as Mayor of Papillion, Nebraska, United States, since 2009.
City of Papillion.
Black was first elected to represent Ward 3 on the Papillion City Council in 2006 by about a 20% margin. He also ran for the seat in 2002 finishing in 3rd in the primary. He was elected to serve as City Council President in 2009. On July 7, 2009 he was appointed to serve as Mayor following Mayor James Blinn's resignation. Black was then elected to serve his first full term as mayor in 2010 with 86.53% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="36858214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858214" title="Jean-Marie Aerts">
Jean-Marie Aerts

Jean-Marie Aerts is a Belgian guitarist and producer, best known as the guitar player for TC Matic. Aerts was a session musician who had worked with Kaz Lux, Raymond van het Groenewoud, and Plastic Bertrand when he joined Arno Hintjens in TC Matic in 1980, replacing Paul Decoutere. He also produced the band's first three albums; during his tenure with the band he produced other artists' albums as well, including Luc van Acker's "KAZ" (1982) and Arbeid Adelt!'s ""Jonge Helden" (1983). After TC Matic broke up he continued as a producer, working with artists including DJ DNA, Jo Lemaire, and the Urban Dance Squad, for whom he produced the groundbreaking debut album "Mental Floss for the Globe".

</doc>
<doc id="36858221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858221" title="Etenesh Diro">
Etenesh Diro

Etenesh Diro (born 10 May 1991 in Jeldu) is an Ethiopian athlete. She competed in the 3000 metres steeplechase at the 2012 Summer Olympics; she qualified for the final by placing second in her heat with a time of 9:25.31, then placed sixth in the final with a time of 9:19.89, a personal best.

</doc>
<doc id="36858224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858224" title="Wong brothers">
Wong brothers

The Wong brothers were three ethnic Chinese film directors and cameramen active in the cinema of the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia). The sons of an Adventist preacher, the brothers – Nelson (1895–1945), Joshua (1906–1981), and Othniel (born 1908) – received much of their education in the United States before going to Shanghai and establishing The Great Wall Productions.
By 1927, Nelson had arrived in the Dutch East Indies and was working with a theatrical troupe. When its owner suggested he make a film with the troupe's star, Nelson insisted that his family be brought to the Indies. Although this initial film was not realised, the brothers made numerous feature films with different studios under the banner Halimoen Film, starting with "Lily van Java" (1929). After a two-year hiatus, during which Nelson fell ill, Joshua and Othniel worked with Albert Balink and Mannus Franken to produce "Pareh", a commercial failure which bankrupted its producers.
The Wongs collaborated again with Balink on "Terang Boelan" in 1937, a commercial success which left the brothers rich. They began working with Tan's Film afterwards, making another five films with the company. After the Japanese occupation Joshua and Othniel became merchants, returning to film in 1948 with the Tan brothers. Their new company produced 45 films, although the Wongs were not involved in all of them.
Youth.
The Wong brothers were the sons of Wong Siong Tek, an Adventist clergyman. Nelson was born in 1895, Joshua in 1906, and Othniel in 1908. The Indonesian film historian Misbach Yusa Biran writes that the brothers were born in China and later went to the United States, Nelson in 1920 and his family some time afterwards; however, the Sinematek Indonesia publication "Apa Siapa Orang Film Indonesia" ("Who and What: Indonesian Filmmakers") indicates that Nelson was born in San Francisco and raised in China, and lists the brothers as attending several American schools as early as 1916.
In the early 1920s Nelson spent time in Los Angeles, ostensibly to get a college education. However, he instead focused on learning about the developing film industry, spending time watching productions with The Teng Chun and Fred Young. He reportedly received small parts on the crew, working with cables and electricity. Biran writes that Nelson was one of the cameramen for "The Three Musketeers" in 1921. Around this time Joshua and Othniel became active in film, studying under their brother. However, their family disapproved of this and later disowned them.
By the mid-1920s the Wong brothers had left the US and moved to Shanghai, China, where they established The Great Wall, a film company sponsored by a Chinese-American. The Wongs showed no interest in adapting Chinese myths and legends – works which other studios often adapted – instead focusing on modern stories. The company is recorded as making a single work, in 1924, but closed soon after.
Early works.
Nelson emigrated from Shanghai to the Dutch East Indies by 1927, when he is recorded as a cashier at the Miss Riboet's Orion drama troupe owned by Tio Tek Djien; Wong Siong Tek may have been preaching in the area as well. Tio, later learning that Wong had experience in film, asked him to record the troupe's performances. Nelson did so, using a simple camera. The ability to make films convinced Tio that a feature film would be a profitable venture; the country's first domestically produced film, "Loetoeng Kasaroeng", had been released in 1926. Nelson agreed, but only on the condition that Tio bring his brothers to the Indies. Tio helped the younger Wongs immigrate, spending several thousand gulden for transportation for them and their equipment.
When the brothers arrived in the Indies, Tio bought an old tapioca flour factory in Bandung for them to use as a studio. Nelson and Tio began plans to make a film starring Miss Riboet, the star of Tio's troupe, but these were cancelled after discovering that Riboet's face was "not photogenic". Tio pulled out, but the Wongs were able to find another financier, a General Motors employee named David Wong.
The brothers decided to complete "Lily van Java" ("Lily of Java"), a film which had been partially worked on by South Sea Film in Batavia (modern day Jakarta); South Sea had reportedly booked an American named Len Ross to direct, but after shooting several scenes he left the country. Reports differ on the success of the film: the reporter Leopold Gan described it as doing very well, to the point its reels were damaged from overuse, while Joshua Wong recalled it as having been a commercial failure. After the film, David Wong backed out and the brothers were left without a financier.
The brothers, under the banner Halimoen Film, began taking orders from several different studios, with Nelson, Joshua, and Othniel serving in various roles in the crew. In 1929 the brothers worked with Batavia Motion Pictures to produce the Chinese-oriented bandit film "Si Tjonat", which was fairly well received. They also produced the action film "Rampok Preanger" independently, a film which may have been based on an American work and starred a Chinese actor and native "keroncong" singer, and shot the drama "Melati van Agam" ("Jasmine of Agam").
In 1930 the Wongs produced "Lari ke Arab" ("Escape to Arabia"), an original script written by Joshua that the brothers worked on collaboratively; the film was originally entitled "Lari ke Mekah" ("Escape to Mecca"), but the (national censorship board) refused the title as it could be insulting to Muslims. This was followed in 1931 by several films, including the brothers' first talkie "Indonesia Malaise" ("Indonesia in a Depression"), an unsuccessful comedy produced with M. H. Schilling about a woman who pines for her imprisoned lover; the film was prefaced with another Wong–Schilling collaboration, "Sinjo Tjo Main di Film" ("Sinjo Tjo Acts in a Film"), based on Schilling's radio work. The brothers' final work that year, "Si Pitoeng", adapted the story of the Betawi bandit Si Pitung and cast an ethnic-Chinese actor in the role.
The brothers were commissioned by Schilling in 1932 to film "Zuster Theresia" ("Sister Theresia"), a talkie targeted at the Dutch population of the Indies which followed a man who falls in love with his nanny despite being married. Based on the film's plot, Biran suggests that the Wongs had little creative influence. "Zuster Theresia" was a critical failure and Halimoen Films closed soon after.
"Pareh" and "Terang Boelan".
Nelson became sickly around 1934 and went on hiatus; he died in Surabaya in 1945. However, Joshua and Othniel remained in the industry, and in late 1933 or early 1934 were introduced to Albert Balink, a reporter from the "Soematra Post" in Medan. Balink intended to shock the market with an expensive film with high production values, in contrast to the budget films by The Teng Chun which were dominating the market. The Wongs were asked to house the company in their studio and help with the cinematography.
Over a period of almost two years Joshua and Othniel worked with Balink to scout shooting locations and potential cast members, including joining a car chase which resulted in Rd. Mochtar being cast in the lead role. The resulting film, "Pareh" ("Rice"), followed the forbidden love between a fisherman and a farmer's daughter, and was edited in the Netherlands by co-director Mannus Franken. The film was unable to recoup its 75,000 gulden production costs and the producers were left financially devastated after its 1936 release. However, it resulted in a shift towards higher production values in the country's film industry.
Within a year the Wongs had rejoined Balink, this time at the (Dutch Indies Film Syndicate, or ANIF); Balink had found several international backers to fund the studio and promised to work on documentaries, with the Wongs on camera. However, in early 1937 Balink and the Wongs began working on a new film, hiring the journalist Saeroen to write the script. The Wongs handled cinematography for the film, which starred Rd. Mochtar and Roekiah.
The resulting work, which told of a woman who elopes with her lover, was released under the title "Terang Boelan" ("Full Moon") in 1937 or 1938. It was a commercial success, earning 200,000 Straits dollars in British Malaya and reviving the country's faltering film industry. It proved to be the most successful production in the area until 1953's "Krisis" ("Crisis"), released after Indonesia had become independent. Despite this success, ANIF began focusing on documentary films, causing Balink to leave the country and the Wongs – newly rich because of their share of "Terang Boelan" profits – to open a new studio before ultimately being signed to Tan's Film.
Tan's Film.
The Wongs were not the only persons from "Terang Boelan" to join Tan's. Much of the film's main cast returned for Tan's 1938 film "Fatima", which featured the Wongs as directors and Saeroen as screenwriter; the film followed a woman who is wooed by a gangster whilst she is in love with another man. The following year the brothers directed another work for Tan's, the Zorro-inspired "Gagak Item" ("The Black Crow")
The brothers remained with Tan's through early 1940, directing the dramas "Sorga Ka Toedjoe" ("Seventh Heaven") "Siti Akbari", and "Roekihati". However, in late 1940 Joshua, upset over what he perceived as an unfair division of the profits, left Tan's and worked on "Kris Mataram" ("Kris of Mataram") for the rival studio Oriental Film. The film, a love story between a noblewoman and commoner, proved to be the Wongs' last production for eight years, in part owing to the Japanese invasion which led to almost all studios being closed.
Post-independence.
During the occupation the Wongs became merchants, a business they continued after the country proclaimed its independence in 1945. In 1948 they reunited with the Tan brothers to establish Tan & Wong Bros; the company's first production, "Air Mata Mengalir di Tjitarum" ("Tears Flow in Tjitarum"), was released the same year.
After the death of Nelson in 1945, Joshua and Othniel remained active with Tan & Wong Bros throughout the 1950s, even after the company changed its name to Tjendrawasih Film; the company produced a total of 45 films, although not all were handled by the Wongs. Around this time they took the Indonesianised family name Widjaja. Othniel had a daughter, Mira, in 1951; after dabbling in film she became a writer. He and his wife had a total of five children.
Joshua and Othniel stayed active in the industry throughout the 1970s, serving as advisers and at times working on the production crew. They individually received awards for their contributions to the film industry from Governor of Jakarta Ali Sadikin in 1973. Joshua died on 17 June 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="36858232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858232" title="Prionus californicus">
Prionus californicus

Prionus californicus, commonly known as California prionus, is a species of insect in the longhorn beetle family (Cerambycidae). It is native to the American west where it is often a pest of orchard and vine crops.
Distribution.
The California Prionus occurs widely in western North America from Alaska to Mexico. It spends most of its life underground feeding on the roots of most deciduous trees and shrubs, as well as some conifers, brambles, and agricultural crops such as hops and grape vines.
Description and life cycle.
The 2.5 to 5.7 cm adults, which are reddish-brown with smooth shiny wing-cases, emerge from the soil from June to early August. The males are smaller than the females and have more strongly serrated antennae. The adults do not feed. They fly at night, seeking mates. Males appear to be more active, while females produce a pheromone to attract males. The life span of the adult "P. californicus" is 10 – 20 days.
Shortly after mating the female lays single cream to yellow-brown 4.8 mm eggs, of which she can produce up to 200 in her lifetime, 1.25 to 3.8 cm below the soil surface near the roots of suitable hosts.
The larvae, cream to brown in color and strongly segmented, seek out roots shortly after hatching. They furrow and tunnel through the roots as they consume tissue, moving upward and inward and often killing apical regions. Age distribution data suggests that larvae move from smaller to larger diameter roots as they age and grow from 6.5 mm to 7.6 cm , eventually reaching the root crown.
Pupation occurs near the soil surface in a cell constructed of soil and root material. The 2.5 to 5 cm cream pupa look like the adults.
Economic significance.
California prionus is considered an orchard pest. It has become a prominent pest of fruit trees in the Intermountain West region. The tunneling habits of the larvae can cause the death of infested trees. This can be caused directly, through girdling of the root cambium, or indirectly as the weakened host becomes susceptible to disease.
This beetle is recognized as being edible to humans in both its larval and adult stages.

</doc>
<doc id="36858233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858233" title="Klaas Nuninga">
Klaas Nuninga

Klaas Nuninga (born 7 November 1940 in Winschoten, Netherlands) is a former Dutch international football player, who played for GVAV-Rapiditas, AFC Ajax and AFC DWS during his career.
Club career.
Early career.
Nuninga began his career in the youth ranks of WVV 1896 in his home town of Winschoten. It was the same amateur club where Jan Mulder and Arie Haan began their careers. After a move to Be Quick 1887, he was recruited by GVAV-Rapiditas in 1961.
GVAV-Rapidistas.
Starting his professional career in Groningen, with GVAV-Rapiditas, Nuninga played alongside Tonny van Leeuwen and Martin Koeman among others, to make up a pretty competitive side at the time. It was during his playing period in Groningen that Klaas Nuninga was called up to play for the Netherlands national team, making a total of 19 appearances.
AFC Ajax.
His talent would not go unnoticed, and in 1964 Nuninga transferred over to AFC Ajax. He was an integral part of what is considered the great 'blooming' period of the Amsterdam club. He participated in the 1968-69 European Cup, as the first choice striker for Ajax, and started in the Final, where Ajax would face, and eventually lose to AC Milan (4-1). After this loss, Nuninga was sidelined by then coach Rinus Michels.
AFC DWS.
Remaining in Amsterdam, Klaas went on to sign with Door Wilskracht Sterk, with whom he would play three more seasons, making 88 appearances, and scoring 7 times before retiring from professional football.
Post career.
After his footballing career, Nuninga delved into Business, eventually becoming a member of the board at AFC Ajax, and afterwards the IPO commissioner of AFC Ajax N.V. 
In 2005 he stepped down from his position, after a difference in opinion and dispute with then Chairman of the Board, John Jaakke.
International career.
From 1963 to 1967, Klaas Nuninga made 19 appearances for the Netherlands national team, scoring a total of 4 goals.
Honours.
Club.
Ajax

</doc>
<doc id="36858242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858242" title="Per Frick">
Per Frick

Per Frick (born 14 April 1992) is a Swedish footballer who plays for IF Elfsborg in Allsvenskan as a striker.

</doc>
<doc id="36858256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858256" title="City of Jesolo Trophy">
City of Jesolo Trophy

The City of Jesolo Trophy is an annual women's gymnastics competition that is held in Jesolo, Italy. There are competitions for the senior division and junior division. The United States won the senior team competition every year from 2010 to 2014.
2010.
In 2010, the two events in the competition were the team all-around and individual all-around. The United States, Great Britain, Italy, and Russia competed in the senior division. The U.S. won the team competition. Russia was second and Italy third.
Aly Raisman of the U.S. won the senior all-around with a score of 57.650. Ksenia Semenova of Russia was second at 56.900. Vanessa Ferrari of Italy was one-tenth of a point lower to finish third.
In the junior all-around, Russia's Anastasia Grishina won the gold medal.
2011.
In 2011, the U.S. repeated as team champions, outscoring Italy 232.250 to 212.800. Russia was third at 210.200.
In the individual all-around, the U.S. swept the top four spots. McKayla Maroney (57.850) won the gold medal, Jordyn Wieber (57.700) the silver, and Raisman (57.400) the bronze. Gabby Douglas was fourth. Maroney also won the vault title, while Raisman won on balance beam and tied for first on floor exercise.
The U.S. also won the junior team competition. Kyla Ross of the U.S. won the junior individual title.
Douglas, Maroney, Raisman, Ross, and Wieber later made up the U.S. squad nicknamed the "Fierce Five" that won the team competition gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
2012.
The U.S. won the senior team competition again in 2012. Italy was second and Russia third.
For the second straight year, U.S. gymnasts earned the top four spots in the individual all-around competition. Ross, the junior champion in 2011, won the senior division title with a score of 59.850. Raisman was second at 59.050. Sarah Finnegan was third at 58.650. Maroney was fourth.
Ross won the uneven bars and balance beam competitions. Maroney repeated as the vault champion. Grishina won on floor.
In the junior division, the U.S. won the team title, and Lexie Priessman of the U.S. won the individual all-around.
2013.
In the senior division, USA once again won the team title. Italy's A team placed second, while Japan won bronze.
The United States' six senior gymnasts placed first through sixth in the all-around competition, with first-year senior Simone Biles winning gold with a score of 60.400, Kyla Ross taking silver with 58.650, and Brenna Dowell placing third with 56.650.
During the apparatus finals, Biles won three of the four available gold medals, placing first on vault, balance beam, and floor. Ross won the uneven bars title as well as the balance beam silver medal.
Junior Bailie Key of the United States won the all-around title, with Enus Mariani of Italy and Amelia Hundley of USA placing second and third, respectively. In the junior team final, Italy's A team won gold, while the country's B team took bronze. Japan's gymnasts won the silver.
2014.
The competition took place on the 22-23rd March 2014. Teams from USA, Italy, Australia, Japan and Romania competed.
Winners.
Here is a list of team and individual winners throughout the Junior and Senior divisions. 

</doc>
<doc id="36858265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858265" title="Mirza Mujčić">
Mirza Mujčić

Mirza Mujčić (born 7 April 1994) is a Swedish footballer of Bosnian descent who plays for GAIS in Allsvenskan as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36858269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858269" title="Mexico at the 1980 Summer Paralympics">
Mexico at the 1980 Summer Paralympics

Mexico sent a delegation to compete at the 1980 Summer Paralympics in Arnhem, Netherlands. Its athletes finished ninth in the overall medal count.

</doc>
<doc id="36858273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858273" title="Kamrupi crafts">
Kamrupi crafts

Brass and Bell Metal products of Kamrup are famous for their beauty and strength of form and utility. Brass is an important cottage industry, with highest concentration in Hajo, while Sarthebari is well known for its bell metal craft. 
The principal items of brass are the kalah (water pot), sarai (a platter or tray mounted on a base), kahi (dish), bati (bowl), lota (water pot with a long neck) and tal (cymbals). Gold, silver and copper too have formed part of traditional metalcraft in Kamrup, and the State Museum in Guwahati has a rich collection of items made of these metals. Gold is generally used in ornaments.

</doc>
<doc id="36858274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858274" title="Luigi Cornaro (cardinal)">
Luigi Cornaro (cardinal)

Luigi Cornaro (1517–1584) was an Italian Roman 
Catholic cardinal and bishop.
Biography.
A member of the House of Cornaro, Luigi Cornaro was born in 1 on February 12, 1517, the eldest of the ten children of Giovanni Cornaro, Venetian senator and Procurator of San Marco, and Adriana Pisani. His younger brother Federico Cornaro also became a cardinal. He was the grand-nephew of Catherine Cornaro, Queen of Cyprus, and the nephew of Cardinals Francesco Pisani, Marco Cornaro, and Francesco Cornaro. His cousin Andrea Cornaro also became a cardinal.
As a young man, he joined the Knights Hospitaller, becoming Grand Prior of Cyprus, an office he later resigned in favor of his younger brother Federico Cornaro.
Pope Julius III made him a cardinal deacon in the consistory of November 20, 1551. He received the red hat and the deaconry of San Teodoro on December 4, 1551.
On June 25, 1554, he was elected Archbishop of Zadar and was subsequently consecrated as a bishop. He resigned the government of Zadar on July 17, 1555 in favor of his secretary, Muzio Callini.
He was a participant in the papal conclave of April 1555 that elected Pope Marcellus II; the papal conclave of May 1555 that elected Pope Paul IV; and the papal conclave of 1559 that elected Pope Pius IV.
Under Pope Pius IV, he headed the commission charged with dealing with the riots fomented by the Carafas during the pontificate of Paul IV. He was named administrator of the see of Bergamo on March 13, 1560. He resigned the administration of Bergamo in favor of his nephew Federico on January 15, 1561, at which time he became administrator of the see of Trogir. He resigned that post on April 18, 1567. On February 26, 1561, he opted for the order of cardinal priests, and on June 21, 1564 received the titular church of San Marco.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1565-66 that elected Pope Pius V.
He opted for the titular church of San Vitale on June 2, 1568. He was Camerlengo of the Holy Roman Church from May 10, 1570 until his death, having purchased the office from the pope for 70,000 "scudi" that the pope wanted for war against the Ottoman Empire. Cardinal Cornaro was a fervent supporter of that war, which culminated in the 1571 Battle of Lepanto.
He was a participant in the papal conclave of 1572 that elected Pope Gregory XIII.
He died in Rome on the Feast of the Ascension, May 10, 1584. He was buried in Santa Maria in Trivio.

</doc>
<doc id="36858277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858277" title="Gus Curcio">
Gus Curcio

Gus Curcio (Gustave Vincent Curcio Jr.) is an Italian-American businessman. He is the owner of Angelo’s Restaurant and Jack Dempsey's bar, both in Bridgeport, Connecticut. He is also the owner of Associated Carting Inc based in Milford, Connecticut. He is the President of New England Communications, the President of Nite Spot Inc., a limited liability corporation, and the President of Success Inc., a limited liability corporation.
Early life and family.
Gus Curcio is an Italian-American born Gustave Vincent Curcio,Jr. in Bridgeport, CT on January 30, 1951.He later legally changed his name to "Gus Curcio" in 1980. He is the youngest of three children born to Gustave Vincent Curcio a/k/a "Red Buff" an Italian immigrant and Enrica Rita Lucifora a Sicilian immigrant whose father started the first privately owned bank in Bridgeport; his oldest brother Vincent Louis Curcio was a very successful bail bondsman, Francis Gustave Curcio a/k/a "Fat Franny" was the second eldest son who was often referred to as the mayor of Bridgeport due to his power and influence.
Gus Curcio has two children, a son, Gus Curcio Jr. whom is a prominent businessman and a daughter Frances.
Criminal history.
Genovese Crime Family.
In 1981, Gustave "Gus" Curcio and his brother were indicted for the murder of Frank Piccolo, a member of the Gambino crime family. The murder occurred in Bridgeport, Connecticut, where he later built several businesses. 
In 2005, Gus Curcio Jr. pleaded "Nolo Contendere" to charges and was sentenced to 6 months of jail. At that time, he was represented by GULASH & RICCIO.
Businesses.
Hawley Enterprises Inc..
On June 2, 1982, Gus Curcio and his business partner smashed video games at the Blue Ribbon Cafe in Bridgeport, Connecticut. They smashed the video game because it was placed in the cafe by a rival of their business, Hawley Enterprises Inc. The owners of Hawley Enterprises Inc. were reportedly Gus Curcio, James Hawley, and Dahill D'Onofrio, who attempted to take the blame for damaging the property.
Angelo's Restaurant.
Gus Curcio is the owner of Angelo's Restaurant located at 920 Madison Ave. in Bridgeport, Connecticut. In 2011, his girlfriend, Julia Kish, and Joseph Regensburger filed an application requesting partial or full nude dancing within the restaurant.
Associated Carting Inc..
Curcio Jr. was named as the owner of Associated Carting Inc. based in Milford, CT. Associated Carting was investigated by Richard Blumenthal on behalf of the Department of Environmental Protection for neglecting to file a permit to operate or discharge contaminated materials. The dump used by Associated Carting Inc. was near The Housatonic River.
Club Allure.
Gus Curcio placed Club Allure, a strip club in Bridgeport, Connecticut at 2068 East Main St. The business was placed under the name of his girlfriend, Julia Kish. Kish also serves as president of "Millionair Club Inc."
Jack Dempsey's.
Curcio is the owner of Jack Dempsey's, a bar located at 520 Success Ave in Bridgeport, Connecticut. In 2011, Julia Kish, his longtime girlfriend, submitted an application requesting partial or fully nude dancing within the bar.
Keepers Gentlemen's Club.
In April, 2000, Gus Curcio provided "limited" support in establishing the only strip club in Milford, Connecticut at that time.
Millionair Club Inc..
Curcio's long time girlfriend, Julia Kish, is president of this company. In 2010, it was located at 1150 Post Rd. Fairfield, Connecticut. However, it is now headquartered at 33A Light St in Stratford, Connecticut.
New England Telecommunications.
Gus Curcio is the President of New England Communications, located at 520 Success Ave in Bridgeport, Connecticut.
Nite Spot Inc..
Curcio is the president of Nite Spot Inc. a limited liability corporation.
Recycling Inc..
On April 20, 2012, Gus Curcio filed a 37-page report claiming to be the owner of Recycling Inc, located on 990 Naugatuck Ave. Milford, Connecticut.
Success Inc.
Curcio is also president of Success Inc, a limited liability corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="36858341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858341" title="Mardi Anak Bujang">
Mardi Anak Bujang

Muhammad Mardi Mirza bin Abdullah, formerly known as Mardi Anak Bujang or Mardi Bujang (born on October 19, 1984) is a Bruneian footballer currently playing for QAF FC. He is a member of the Brunei national team.
He spent most of his footballing career at QAF FC, and also have played for DPMM FC and Wijaya FC.
His twin brother Hardi Bujang is also a footballer. The brothers both have played together for QAF FC, DPMM FC, Wijaya FC and Brunei national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36858349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858349" title="Begzada">
Begzada

Begzade (Kurdish), Beyzade (Turkic), and Begzadići (Slavic) are titles given within the Ottoman empire to provisional governors and military generals who are decedents of noble households and occupy important positions within the empire. The term Beyzade often appears in western accounts of the Ottoman Empire as superiors within the society, usually men who held a lot of authority. In Eastern Europe, Balkans, Caucasus, and some parts of Anatolia and Iraqi Kurdistan the title Beyzade was given to Circassian princes who lead parts of the Ottoman conquest in these regions, olded mughal use here Begzada son of Beg.
Social status.
The "Begzade" as a caste developed in Kurdistan among some of the chief tribes and householders such as those of the Jaffs Khoshnaws and the Berwaris. 'Begzade" formed the dominant class of the tribe or household. They did not intermarry with socially inferior tribespeople, however, a member of the "Begzade" could be part of the caste both by kinship ties to the ruling lineage and as one of their retainers. Although regarded as Kurds, the Begzade come from an ethnically mixed background as most of them have Circassian origins.

</doc>
<doc id="36858372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858372" title="Bayanoun">
Bayanoun

Bayanoun () is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate, located northwest of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Al-Zahraa and Mayer to the north and Hreitan to the south. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Bayanoun had a population of 3,824 in the 2004 census.

</doc>
<doc id="36858374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858374" title="Effio">
Effio

Sony EFFIO HD CCTV Video Format is an uncompressed analog streaming video format used in for closed-circuit television especially used for crime prevention and video surveillance and monitoring. As of August 2012, little is known about the inner workings of the format. It does seem to be a version of the broadcast uncompressed streaming SDI, similar to HDCCTV, HDMI, and DVI.
Effio chips can be assembled in a variety of CCTV Cameras and are common in usage by many manufacturers of CCTV Cameras.

</doc>
<doc id="36858375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858375" title="Mexico at the 1984 Summer Paralympics">
Mexico at the 1984 Summer Paralympics

Mexico sent a delegation to compete at the 1984 Summer Paralympics in Stoke Mandeville/New York. Its athletes finished twenty-fifth in the overall medal count.

</doc>
<doc id="36858383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858383" title="Mohamed Ramadan (footballer)">
Mohamed Ramadan (footballer)

Mohamed Ramadan (born 4 April 1991) is a Swedish footballer of Lebanese descent who plays for HIF Akademi on loan from Helsingborgs IF as a striker.
Club career.
As a youngster, Ramadan played for Kvarnby IK until he joined Helsingborgs IF in July 2010.
On 9 May 2011 he made his debut for Helsingborgs IF against Gefle IF coming off the bench in the 86th minute.
In March 2012 Ramadan was loaned out to the Superettan side Trelleborgs FF until 31 July. The loan-deal was later extended to the end of the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36858399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858399" title="BRP Emilio Liwanag (PG-118)">
BRP Emilio Liwanag (PG-118)

BRP "Emilio Liwanag" (PG-118) is a "Tomas Batillo" class fast attack craft of the Philippine Navy. It is part of the last batch of such craft transferred to the Philippines by the South Korean government in 2006. After 2 years of refurbishing, refitting and upgrade, the ship was commissioned into active service by the Philippine Navy on 15 April 2011, although it was presented to the public as early as May 2010 during the 112th Anniversary of the Philippine Navy.
It was upgraded under the Patrol Killer Medium-Republic of the Philippines (PKM-RP) Program of 2008 by Propmech Corporation; the upgrade included the reinforcement of its hull; replacing the engines, radar, navigation and communication systems; and changing the weapons fit-out to include a crane and space for rubber boats. The upgrades were completed in 2010.
Technical details.
The ship was originally powered by two MTU MD 16V 538 TB90 diesel engines with a total output of 6,000 horsepower. The refurbishment works replaced the old engines with new Caterpillar 3516C diesel engines, with a total output of 6,300 horsepower.
The ship is equipped with a Koden Electronics MDC 1500 Series navigation and surface search radar, which replaced the previously installed radar.

</doc>
<doc id="36858411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858411" title="Barad, Syria">
Barad, Syria

Barad ( also spelled Brad) is a mountainous village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate, located northwest of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Burj Abdullah to the northwest, Kimar to the north, Aqiba to the northeast and Nubl to the east. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Barad had a population of 1,229 in the 2004 census. Although the vicinity of Barad is still populated, it is listed as one of the Dead Cities, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is the most extensive ancient site in the area with an important group of buildings dating from the Byzantine era.
Archaeological remains.
The archaeological remains in the vicinity of Barad include several old churches, an ancient monastery, a large public bathhouse, five warehouses, meeting house, a magistrate's residence, a "tetrapylon", two monasteries and a cathedral. Most of these date from the Byzantine period.
The cathedral, known as the Church of Julianos, was built between 399 and 402 CE. It is a large building containing a sizable "bema" ("elevated position") in the center of the hall which represents the centrality of Jerusalem. At the end of its wall is a book rest. Of the seven churches that were built in northern Syria before 400 CE, the Church of Julianos was one of two large three-aisled basilicas; the other five were smaller, with only a single aisle. The basilica itself, with the exception of the western portico section, measures about in length and in width. Two rows of eight columns divide the basilica into a nave and two side aisles. The church has an unusually large number of entrances, including four on the south, two on the north and three on the west side. The large courtyard that extends to the south of the basilica is marked by columns and two building complexes that were used as accommodation for monks and visitors. According to Robert Milburn, the church's architectural quality lies in its fine proportions rather than any ornamental details.
A second church was built in Barad in the 6th-century. The monastery, known as Qasr al-Barad, is situated about southwest of the village site.

</doc>
<doc id="36858413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858413" title="Al-Zahraa">
Al-Zahraa

Al-Zahraa () is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate, located northwest of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Tell Rifaat and Mayer to the northeast and Anadan to the south. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Al-Zahraa had a population of 13,780 in the 2004 census.
Syrian civil war.
Al-Zahraa has a predominantly Shia Muslim population and along with nearby Nubl, forms a small Shia-inhabited pocket in a mostly Sunni Muslim area in the Aleppo Governorate. Al-Zahraa and Nubl have been placed under siege by the opposition Free Syrian Army (FSA) starting in July 2012. Although relations between the inhabitants of al-Zahraa and the surrounding villages were normally friendly, during the ongoing Syrian civil war, anti-government supporters from nearby Sunni villages have claimed that al-Zahraa and Nubl hosted pro-government militias that have launched attacks against opposition supporters. After months of rebel siege and continuous reciprocal kidnappings, popular committees in the two towns agreed to begin negotiations with Sunni rebels on 27 March 2013. The agreement to negotiate was organised by Kurdish parties from the neighbouring Kurd Dagh region, which is controlled by Kurdish separatists of the PYD. The talks were to be brokered by Kurds, and several kidnapped individuals had been freed on both sides.

</doc>
<doc id="36858414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858414" title="Mexico at the 1988 Summer Paralympics">
Mexico at the 1988 Summer Paralympics

Mexico sent a delegation to compete at the 1988 Summer Paralympics in Seoul, South Korea. Its athletes finished twenty-fourth in the overall medal count.

</doc>
<doc id="36858442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858442" title="Ugalla">
Ugalla

 
Ugalla is a small town and ward in Mlele District of Katavi Region, Tanzania, East Africa. The town is on the left (west) bank of the Mtambo River just before it flows into the Ugalla River, on the edge of the Lujaba Swamp.
Villages.
In addition to the town of Ugalla, the ward contains the following villages: 

</doc>
<doc id="36858443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858443" title="Cybister explanatus">
Cybister explanatus

Cybister explanatus is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae.
The adults of this species are edible and are eaten roasted and as a taco filling in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="36858444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858444" title="Dan Johnson (Idaho politician)">
Dan Johnson (Idaho politician)

Dan Johnson, an Idaho politician, was born in Salina, Kansas in 1960 to Ken Johnson of Chicago, Illinois and Frances Wood of Beaumont, Texas. His father was a career pilot in the United States Air Force and moved his family to Grand Forks Air Force Base in North Dakota and retired from there in 1971.
Dan Johnson attended Carl Ben Eielson Elementary School on the air base and Sacred Heart High School in East Grand Forks, Minnesota. His family moved to Minneapolis, Minnesota om his senior year of high school, and he graduated high school from Holy Angels Academy in Richfield, Minnesota in 1978. He subsequently attended Sheridan College in Sheridan, Wyoming and the College of Forestry, Wildlife and Range Sciences of the University of Idaho, and received a MS degree from Virginia Polytechnic Institute in Blacksburg, Virginia.
Working career.
He worked four years in retail banking and trust operations for Norwest National Bank in Minnesota. He worked four seasons in soils and fire management for the United States Forest Service in Alaska, and Wyoming. He worked eight years as a self-employed forestry consultant for Resource Organization on Timber Supply in Idaho. He worked eighteen months as executive director for Douglas Timber Operators based in Oregon. He worked three years as a Registered Environmental Health Specialist in Idaho. He has worked six years as Solid Waste Manager for the City of Lewiston in Idaho.
He has served as Port Commissioner for the Port of Lewiston in Idaho since 2011. He has served in the Idaho State Senate beginning in the 2012 Legislative Session.
Personal life.
He married Jacqueline Michelle Garber of Cody, Wyoming in August 1986. They divorced in 1996. He had four children from the marriage. Three of four children attended the University of Idaho, in Moscow, Idaho, and one son served in the United States Navy. He was engaged to Natalie Jean Altmiller of Lewiston, Idaho in August 2012. Natalie moved to Lewiston from Orofino, Idaho.
He has competed in several running events throughout the United States and Europe. He has hiked mountains in the west and canoed and kayaked many of its streams and rivers.

</doc>
<doc id="36858446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858446" title="Biomedical Optics Express">
Biomedical Optics Express

Biomedical Optics Express is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published monthly by the Optical Society. It covers theoretical modeling, technology development, biomedical studies, and clinical applications pertaining to optics, photonics, and imaging in the life sciences. The founding and current editor-in-chief is Joseph A. Izatt (Duke University).
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed by:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.176.

</doc>
<doc id="36858452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858452" title="HMS Blackfly">
HMS Blackfly

At least two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Blackfly":

</doc>
<doc id="36858460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858460" title="Mexico at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Mexico at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Mexico sent a delegation to compete at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona, Spain. Its athletes finished forty-sixth in the overall medal count.

</doc>
<doc id="36858469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858469" title="Corynebacterial porin B">
Corynebacterial porin B

Porins B and C are cell wall channel-forming proteins from "Corynebacterium". Porin B from "Corynebacterium glutamicum" (Brevibacterium flavum) allows the exchange of material across the mycolic acid layer, which is the protective nonpolar barrier. Porin B has an alpha helical core structure consisting of four alpha-helices surrounding a nonpolar interior. There is a disulfide bridge between helices 1 and 4 to form a stable covalently bound ring. The channel of PorB is oligomeric.

</doc>
<doc id="36858486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858486" title="John MacGovern">
John MacGovern

John F. MacGovern is an American politician who represented the 2nd Middlesex District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1983 to 1991. He was the Republican nominee in the Massachusetts's 5th congressional district election in 1990, losing to incumbent Chester G. Atkins 52% to 48%. He later moved to Vermont. He was an unsuccessful candidate for the Vermont Senate in 2004 and 2006. He unsuccessfully ran as the Republican nominee for the United States Senate seat held by Bernie Sanders in the 2012 election.

</doc>
<doc id="36858487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858487" title="Josh Ford (soccer)">
Josh Ford (soccer)

Joshua Ford (born November 6, 1987) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Seattle Sounders FC in Major League Soccer.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Ford attended the University of Connecticut where he set school records with 50 shutouts, 85 consecutive starts and 54 wins during his four years. He was also named Third Team All-Big East in 2007 and 2009, First Team All-Big East in 2010, First Team College Soccer News All-American and Big East Goalkeeper of the Year.
Ford spent two seasons with the Rhode Island Stingrays of the USL Premier Development League.
Professional.
On January 18, 2011, Ford was selected in the first round (11th overall) of the 2011 MLS Supplemental Draft by Seattle Sounders FC. On March 9, Ford won the job as the number three goalkeeper for Seattle over Bryan Meredith. He was officially signed by Seattle on March 14, 2011.
After not making a single appearance for the Sounders, Ford was loaned to USL Pro club Orange County Blues FC. He made his professional debut on May 10, 2014 and assisted on a game winning goal by Gibson Bardsley in a 1-0 away win over Oklahoma City Energy FC.
Career statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of May 10, 2014"
Personal.
Ford grew up in Liverpool, New York where he helped lead his school team to two state championship finals. Ford is the younger brother of Stanley Ford who also played college soccer at UConn.

</doc>
<doc id="36858502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858502" title="Duane Kale">
Duane Kale

Duane Paul Kale, ONZM is a New Zealand Paralympic swimmer who won four gold medals, along with a silver and a bronze, at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He was also the Chef de Mission for the New Zealand Paralympic Team at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Paralympics. 
In November 2013 Kale was elected to the International Paralympic Committee Governing Board.

</doc>
<doc id="36858509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858509" title="Paul Bird">
Paul Bird

Paul Bird may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36858556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858556" title="Geoff Hall (politician)">
Geoff Hall (politician)

Geoffrey D. Hall is an American teacher and politician who represented the 2nd Middlesex District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1991 to 2009. He previously served as a member of the Westford, Massachusetts Housing Authority from 1989 to 1992 and the Westford Board of Selectmen from 1983 to 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="36858566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858566" title="Sebastiano Antonio Pighini">
Sebastiano Antonio Pighini

Sebastiano Antonio Pighini (1500–1553) was an Italian Roman 
Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
Sebastiano Antonio Pighini was born in Arceto, near Scandiano, on September 17, 1500, the son of Grazio Pighini and Caterina Vigarani.
After studying law, he became a cleric at Reggio Emilia. He was also a canon of the cathedral chapter of Capua Cathedral. 
Moving to Rome, he became an auditor of the Roman Rota and a Chaplain of His Holiness. He also served as internuncio to Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor.
On August 27, 1546, he was elected Bishop of Alife. He was consecrated as a bishop in Trento Cathedral on December 21, 1546 by Cardinal Giovanni Maria Ciocchi del Monte. He took his seat at the Council of Trent on January 13, 1547. When the Council moved to Bologna, he served as its president from March 12, 1547 until November 10, 1549. On June 4, 1548, he was transferred to the see of Ferentino, and then, on May 30, 1550, promoted to the metropolitan see of Manfredonia. He served as full nuncio to Emperor Charles V August 1550 to April 1551. He was also a Datary from 1550 to 1552.
Pope Julius III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of November 20, 1551; published in the consistory of May 30, 1552. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Callisto on June 27, 1552. He was made papal vicar over all the tribunals of Rome. On December 11, 1553, he was named administrator of the see of Adria.
He died in Rome on November 23, 1553. He was buried in Santa Maria del Popolo.

</doc>
<doc id="36858603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858603" title="Howard Nolan">
Howard Nolan

Howard Henry Nolan (1865 – 4 July 1931) was an Australian Methodist minister. From 1908 until 1911 he was Conference Secretary of Foreign Missions and in 1928 and 1929 was elected as Secretary of the New South Wales Conference of Methodist Church of Australasia.
Early life.
Nolan was born in Richmond, New South Wales, a son child of Sara Susan (née Holme) and the Rev James Adams Nolan. His father was a Methodist minister and in 1885 president of the NSW and Queensland Methodist Conference. His mother worked for women’s suffrage and served as president of the Women’s Christian Temperance Union. He was the older brother of Percy Nolan. Nolan attended Newington College in the early 1880s.
Architecture.
Upon leaving Newington, Nolan served articles training to be an architect. Whilst he was stationed at Singleton, New South Wales as the minister he designed the new Methodist parsonage.
Ministry.
In 1888, Nolan chose service to the church over architecture and became a student at the Wesleyan Theological Institution which was then based in the grounds of Newington College. After ordination, his first station was Croydon, Queensland, from whence he went to Rockhampton, Queensland, Townsville, Queensland and Bundaberg, Queensland. In 1895, he volunteered for service in Fiji and remained there until 1907 when for health reasons he returned to Bundaberg. He then went to Brisbane and served in Toowong, Queensland. In 1912 he was transferred to Singleton, New South Wales and continued to serve in that state at South Sydney Mission, Hpmebush, Lewisham, and Willoughby. In 1930 he became a supernumerary. He was elected Secretary of the NSW Conference in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="36858611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858611" title="California Historical Landmarks in Santa Clara County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Santa Clara County, California

List table of the properties and districts — listed on the California Historical Landmarks — within Santa Clara County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="36858615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858615" title="Paul Bird (Paralympian)">
Paul Bird (Paralympian)

Paul Bird, OAM is an Australian athlete, swimmer, Paralympic gold and silver medalist, and sports administrator.
Personal.
Paul Bird was born in Murwillumbah, New South Wales on 18 July 1954, one of five sons of Ken and Thelma Bird. He was educated at St John Fishers, Ignatius Park College and Home Hill State High School. He participated in a number of sports, playing rugby league
for North Queensland Schoolboys, and was a state medalist in backstroke relay as a 17 year old. His leg was amputated as a result of a motor cycle accident when he was 18, but he continued sporting activities, including swimming. He was also an assistant scuba diving instructor for a Townsville club.
Career.
He won a number of events in the pool and on the field as well, earning him a place in the Queensland state squad. In Sydney he won the Australian long jump and pentathlon events, and was runner up in discus, shot-put, javelin, butterfly, backstroke and freestyle championships. He was a member of the team for the 1980 Summer Paralympics in Arnhem, Netherlands, winning a gold medal in the pool in the 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay. He was the Australian Team Captain at the 1984 Summer Paralympics, at which he won a second gold medal in the 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay, and a silver medal in the 100m backstroke.
He was appointed to the Australian Paralympic Team staff as a Section Manager for the 1988 Summer Paralympics in Seoul in 1988. He was Assistant Chef de Mission for Australian Paralympic team at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona, the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta and the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, and was Chef de Mission for the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney and the and 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens. He was also the Chef de Mission for the Australian team at the 1999 FESPIC Games in Bangkok and the 2002 FESPIC Games in Pusan 2002, and was Assistant Chef de Mission for the 2006 FESPIC Games in Kuala Lumpur. He was one of the torchbearers at the 2000 Summer Olympics torch relay. He was elected President of the Oceania Paralympic Committee in December 2005. In 2010, he was awarded the Paralympic Medal, the APC’s highest award, for his leadership roles with Australian Teams and his contribution to the development of the Australian Paralympic Committee over a period of 30 years.
In November 2000 he was awarded the Australian Sports Medal for "over 20 years outstanding service to the Paralympic movement and as Chef de Mission". He was awarded the Order of Australia Medal in 2002 "For service to sports administration, particularly through the Australian Paralympic Committee."

</doc>
<doc id="36858622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858622" title="Jess Hamill">
Jess Hamill

Jess Hamill is a New Zealand paralympic athlete and shotputter. 
At the 2010 Commonwealth Games she won a silver medal in the F32 Shot put for elite athletes with a disability.

</doc>
<doc id="36858632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858632" title="Louisiana State Route 76">
Louisiana State Route 76

Louisiana State Route 76 (LA 76) was one of the 98 original state highways that were established in 1921. It ran in a west to east direction for , spanning from LA 48 near Newlight to meet LA 3 before ending in Newellton. It is often visited by Rick Danielmeier, the famous inventor of the Danielmeier line.
Route description.
From Newellton to Newlight. - 1924 Louisiana Legislative Route Description
LA 76 was a short cutoff route, providing access from LA 48, which went to Winnsboro, to LA 3, which went between Tallulah and Natchez. LA 76 passed through Newlight Community through the delta to meet LA 3, before ending at Lake St. Joseph.

</doc>
<doc id="36858637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858637" title="Pietro Tagliavia d'Aragonia">
Pietro Tagliavia d'Aragonia

Pietro Tagliavia d'Aragonia (died 1558) was an Italian Roman 
Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
Pietro Tagliavia d'Aragonia was born in Palermo ca. 1500, the son of Giovanni Vincenzo Tagliavia, count of Castelvecchio and Beatrice d'Aragonia e Cruillas.
Early in his career, he was a cleric in Mazara del Vallo.
On May 28, 1537, he was elected Bishop of Agrigento, receiving the indult to receive episcopal consecration on June 6, 1537. He was promoted to the metropolitan see of Palermo on October 10, 1544. As a bishop, he participated in the Council of Trent from 1545 to 1547 and in 1551-52.
Pope Julius III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of December 22, 1553. He was not a participant in the papal conclave of April 1555 that elected Pope Marcellus II, but he did participate in the papal conclave of May 1555 that elected Pope Paul IV. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Callisto on July 17, 1555. 
He died in Palermo on August 5, 1558. He was buried in Palermo Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="36858644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858644" title="Smart Girls Get What They Want">
Smart Girls Get What They Want

Smart Girls Get What They Want is a 2012 young adult fiction novel by Sarah Strohmeyer. It was published on June 26, 2012 by Balzer + Bray, an imprint of HarperCollins.
Plot summary.
Gigi, Bea, and Neerja are best friends and total overachievers. Even if they aren't the most popular girls in school, they aren't too worried. They know their "real" lives will begin once they get to their Ivy League colleges. But on the day Neerja's sister goes off to Princeton, the girls realise that their pursuit for academic excellence are causing them to miss out on the full high school experience. They make a pact to stop being nobodies, and get more involved with the school.
After Gigi aces a difficult chemistry test, she is accused of cheating as the typical jock sitting next to her, Mike, also aces the test. The principal decides to waive a suspension, however she forces Gigi to work on a chemistry project with Mike, where both parties have to contribute equally. Gigi blames Mike, thinking that he copied off her test, and Mike does nothing to deny this. The principal is also required to place a note in their permanent record stating that they were referred to her for cheating, which is a new rule set by the board.
This prompts Gigi to run for student rep and change the rules so as not to affect her chances of getting into an Ivy. However Gigi faces fierce competition from newcomer Will, who seems to have it all: looks, brains, and more money than he could spend in a lifetime. On top of everything, Will seems to have an interest in Gigi, causing her to lose track of what's really important.
But Gigi, Bea and Neerja all rally for her campaign, and Gigi gains more and more popularity. Along this journey, Gigi realises that she misjudged a lot of her classmates, particularly Mike, who turns out to be on par with Gigi's own academic excellence. Gigi eventually sees that Will is only using her as a substitute while on a long distance relationship with his girlfriend, Talia, and she stops falling for his games. From this, Gigi realises that her heart belongs to Mike, and the book ends with them getting together during the Crystal Ball. Also she and Dr. Schlutz, her principal made a deal that her and Mike's record for cheating are erased from their transcript.
Reception.
Critical reception for "Smart Girls Get What They Want" was predominantly positive, with the book gaining praise from multiple review sites and journals such as Publishers Weekly and TeenReads. Booklist overall praised the novel and stated that while the trends and fashion mentioned in the book "will become dated, the issues won’t".

</doc>
<doc id="36858650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858650" title="Valentyna Zhudina">
Valentyna Zhudina

Valentyna Zhudina (, née Horpynych - ; born 12 March 1983 in Zhytomyr) is a Ukrainian athlete. She competed in the 3000 metres steeplechase at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 22nd with a time of 9:37.90.

</doc>
<doc id="36858657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858657" title="Bruce vs. Frankenstein">
Bruce vs. Frankenstein

Bruce vs. Frankenstein is an upcoming comedy horror film, and the sequel to the 2007 film "My Name Is Bruce".
Plot.
According to Bruce Campbell, the plot of the film will involve himself going to a German Frankenstein convention called FrankenCon and then "mayhem ensues".
Production.
A draft of the script has been written and Campbell is currently looking for funds for the film. When asked who would direct the film, Campbell went on to say "Someone's gotta do it and nobody will volunteer, so it's me."
On the site SlashFilm.com, Campbell called it the ""It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad World" of horror" and even expressed interest of casting other famous horror film actors, including Robert Englund of "Nightmare on Elm Street" and Kane Hodder of "Friday the 13th" and if possible, to cast Hodder as the Frankenstein monster.

</doc>
<doc id="36858672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858672" title="Deir Jamal">
Deir Jamal

Deir Jamal () is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate, located north of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Tell Rifaat and Mare' to the east, A'zaz to the north, Mayer and al-Zahraa to the south. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Deir Jamal had a population of 4,287 in the 2004 census.

</doc>
<doc id="36858681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858681" title="Kono Statement">
Kono Statement

The Kono Statement refers to a statement released by Chief Cabinet Secretary Yohei Kono in 1993 after the conclusion of the government study that found that the Japanese Imperial Army had forced women, known as comfort women, to work in military-run brothels during World War II. The Japanese government had denied that the women had been coerced until this point.
In the statement, Kono acknowledged that the Japanese Imperial Army had been involved, either directly or indirectly, in the establishment of comfort facilities. However it is still debated whether the statement had acknowledged that coercion had been used in the recruitment and retention of the women by the Japanese Imperial Army directly, as the recruitment was believed to be mainly conducted by private recruiting agents (both Korean and Japanese). His subsequent call for historical research and education aimed at remembering the issue became the basis for addressing the subject of forced prostitution in school history textbooks. The statement was welcomed in South Korea. It also led to the creation of the Asian Women's Fund, which provided aid and support to women who had been forced into prostitution during the war.
The statement has been the target of criticism by some conservatives in Japan. Current Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, during his first term as Prime Minister in 2007, stated that he did not believe women were coerced into working at military brothels. Nobuo Ishihara, deputy Chief Cabinet Secretary at the time of the drafting of the Kono Statement, has stated in unsworn testimony to the Diet that no written records verifying the accounts of the 16 women who were interviewed during the course of the investigation could be discovered. In April 1997, the monthly magazine Bungeishunjū published an interview conducted by Yoshiko Sakurai, in which Yohei Kono replied to her question "There are some reports that Japan and South Korea exchanged the document several times to settle conflicts beforehand ..." with "Well, I think so", admitting it was, to some extent, a collaborative statement made jointly by Japan and South Korea.
Members of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party had been discussing the possibility of the government, led by Abe, looking into revising the statement when Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga announced that a team had been formed to reexamine the "background" of the report at House of Representatives Budget Committee on February 20, 2014. In 2014 the review was criticized by the South Korean government.
Ikuhiko Hata and 4 people reviewed Kono Statement, report, titled "Details of Exchanges Between Japan and the Republic of Korea (ROK) regarding the Comfort Women Issue - From the Drafting of the Kono Statement to the Asian Women’s Fund -", to submitted to the parliament in June 20, 2014. Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said "there was incontrovertible evidence of the Japanese government’s wrong doing". S. Korea summoned Japan's Ambassador to issue a formal protest.

</doc>
<doc id="36858704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858704" title="Cutters Don't Cry">
Cutters Don't Cry

"Cutters Don't Cry" is a young adult novel written by American author Christine Dzidrums, first published in 2010. 
The novel centers on Charity Graff, a depressed teenager, who lives her life as a secret cutter. She lives alone with her mother and cannot remember her father who left when she was an infant. After a kind therapist gives her the gift of a journal, the college student uses it to write to her father, filling him in on what's happened in her life since he left her nearly 18 years ago. Over time Charity opens up to her absentee dad about her years of self-harm and what led to it. The book takes place over several months.
Characters.
Charity Graff, the protagonist attends Long Beach City College but lacks direction and focus. She lives in a two-bedroom apartment with her mother but does not remember her father who left her when she was a baby. She turned to cutting at the age of thirteen when her untreated depression became overwhelming and she needed a way to stifle her rush of emotions.
Hunter - Charity's therapist who works at the college. He is young and kind and gives Charity a journal for her to write down her thoughts because she has trouble talking about them out loud.
Mom - Charity's mother works at an insurance company. She never married Charity's father and probably never loved him. Mom loves her daughter but has trouble expressing her emotions. She is described as a practical woman.
Dad Charity's father. He moved from Nevada to California after his high school graduation and met Charity's mother. A moody photographer, It's strongly hinted that he suffered from depression before he disappeared from his daughter's life. 
Aunt Ruth - Charity's aunt. She never married anyone. Aunt Ruth speaks her mind easily which makes Charity nervous.
Kaylee - Charity's childhood friend who moved away to Seattle years earlier. She appears in a flashback only.
Daniel - Charity's mom's ex-boyfriend. As a child, Charity wished he would marry her mother.
Brent - A classmate of Charity's. He "notices" her when other people don't.
Inspiration and origins.
Christine Dzidrums revealed in 2011 that she is a reformed cutter. She wrote on her official website that the book is "the closest to any autobiographical novel" as she would ever write. Many years earlier, a friend discovered her cutting and convinced her to seek professional help. Like Charity, Ms. Dzidrums was unable to find her voice during her therapy sessions so her therapist suggested she keep a journal. When she eventually showed her journal to her therapist after several months of logging entries, she was urged to try and publish it as it "offered valuable insight into a cutter’s mind." Only years later did she warm to the idea of transforming her journal into a fictional book for Young Adult readers.
Plot.
Prologue.
The novel begins with a brief introduction of Charity's life. For several years, she has been cruising through life on autopilot numb from any emotions. Although she goes to college, she has little enthusiasm for it and coasts through her classes with minimal effort. We learn on this particular day that her school-appointed therapist, Hunter, has given her a red journal so she can write down the thoughts she has trouble vocalizing throughout her sessions and day to day life. Used to feeling invisible her entire life, Charity is touched by Hunter's gesture and she experiences an onset of overwhelming emotions which frighten her. The scared teenager flees to a restroom, locks herself in a stall and cuts herself with a razor to numb the feelings that confuse her.
Main story.
Encouraged by feeling genuine emotions for the first time in years, Charity vows to stop cutting and strive for a normal life. She uses the journal to reach out to her father, the man who left her when she was a baby. Although Charity doesn't know her father's whereabouts, she begins writing lengthy entries to him explaining what has happened to her in the years since he left.
Charity writes to her father that she knows very little about him. She knows he's from Henderson, Nevada and on the evening of his high school graduation, he drove to Long Beach, California to visit a friend. When he arrived his friend was out of town, but his female roommate (Charity's eventual mom) was home. The two embarked on a whirlwind romance and nine months later, their daughter, Charity, was born.
Plagued by depressive episodes, Charity's father is unable to keep a job so he becomes his child's primary caretaker. Charity's mom, however, is furious when he repeatedly disappears with their daughter for hours at a time. After a big blowup, Charity's dad storms out of their apartment and never returns.
Charity's journal descriptions reveal her strained, unfulfilled relationship with her mother. Like her child, Charity's mom has difficulty expressing her emotions and often shuns her daughter's attempts to discuss anything "messy." While Charity secretly yearns to talk about all emotions: the good, the bad, and ugly, her mother has little interest in sharing her intimate thoughts with anyone and is only a superficial presence in her child's life.
Feeling more lonely each day, Charity slips into an even deeper depression, stops seeing her therapist and returns to her familiar, comforting routine of cutting herself to distract herself from the emotional anguish she feels. She even steals her mother's prescription pain medication in a desperate attempt to self-medicate. Finally, she drops out of school but keeps it a secret from her mother.
In a later chapter Charity admits to her father that she discovered cutting six years earlier when she began struggling academically and socially at her middle school and "invented" a way to distract herself from the emotion pain she felt . Despite the high frequency of her cutting, she always managed to keep it a secret from her everyone, including her mother.
It's not until college when Charity's secret is finally discovered, One of her teachers notices the scars on Charity's arms and sends her to the school therapist, Hunter. Feeling angry that she was coerced into therapy, a defiant Charity refuses to cooperate during therapy sessions.
As Charity's depression continues to worsen, her cutting increases to the point that she worries about her physical well-being. Finally. one day, the broken down cutter allows her mother to see her scars and the two seek professional help for her self-harming ways. The book ends with Charity writing a farewell entry to her father as she inches toward recovery. Although she still occasionally slips back into her cutting habit, the hopeful teenager now has her supportive mother by her side.
Reception.
"Cutters Don't Cry" received a bronze medal in the 2010 Moonbeam Children's Book Awards under the mature issues category. Goodreads.com readers have also voted it their favorite book about cutting.
Follow-Up to Cutters Don't Cry.
Christine Dzidrums has stated on her official website that her second novel, "Kaylee: The "What If" Game," will feature Charity's childhood friend Kaylee as its main character. Although Charity will not be an active character in the new book, readers will receive a tiny update on her life following the events in "Cutters Don't Cry."

</doc>
<doc id="36858708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858708" title="Betaab Valley">
Betaab Valley

Betaab valley is situated at a distance of 15 kilometers from Pahalgam in Anantnag district in India's northernmost state of Jammu and Kashmir. The valley got its name from the Sunny Deol-Amrita Singh hit debut film Betaab. The Valley is towards northeast of Pahalgam and falls between Pahalgam and Chandanwadi and is en route Amarnath Temple Yatra. The valley surrounded by lush green meadows, snow clad mountains and covered with dense vegetation.
History.
Betaab Valley, which is a part of Pahalgam area – one of the several valleys of Kashmir came into existence during the post geosynclinal stage of the development of the Himalayas.Betaab Valley lies between the two Himalayan Ranges – Pir Panjal and Zanskar. Archaeological evidence proves the human existence in this region from the Neolithic Age, especially at Burzahom, Bomai and Pahalgam. Betaab Valley – a part of the Kashmir region, was ruled by the Mughals since the 15th Century. In latter part of the 1400s the Turko-Mughal Military General Mirza Muhammad Haidar Dughlat ruled over Kashmir first on behalf of Sultan Said Khan of Kashgar and then on behalf of the Mughal Emperor Humayun. A polyglot and a historical writer, General Haider wrote the ‘Tarik-i-Rashidi’ – a personal memoir of the Central Asian History.
Sultan Ghiyas-ud-Din Zain-ul-Abidin known by all his courtiers and Nobles as the greatest local King ruled the entire Kashmir region for about 40 years during which he was famous for promoting peace and harmony in Kashmir’s pluralistic society. He even gave a directive to restore and restructure Kashmir during his reign – quite contrary to conventional foreign invading rulers. It was under him that ‘Kashmiriyat’ – a ‘social and cultural consciousness’ of Kashmiri people was developed.
Tourism.
Betab Valley is a very popular touristic destination. Betaab Valley is also a favorite campsite of travelers as it also serves as a base camp for trekking and further exploration of the mountains. The valley is a walk-able distance from Pahalgam. The crystal clear & chilly water of the stream bubbling down from the snowy hills is a delight; locals here drink this water too. Baisaran and Tulian Lake are few nearby attractions that can be visited.
In popular culture.
Kashmir was home to the Indian film industry from the sixties to the eighties. Scores of films were shot in the Valley like Aarzoo, Kashmir Ki Kali, Jab Jab Phool Khile, Kabhie Kabhie, Silsila, Satte Pe Satta and Roti (1974 film), the list is endless. Film shooting almost came to a halt after militancy erupted in the Valley but with things improving now, one can hope that Bollywood would soon return to what many believe is its original home. The threat of militancy was a deterrent for over 30 years but with director Imtiaz Ali shooting for his film Rockstar (2011 film) in the beautiful valley with actors Ranbir Kapoor and Nargis Fakhri, the violence seems to be a thing of the past. The hut where Bobby was shot continues to be famous as the 'Bobby Hut'. Many films like Jab Tak Hai Jaan,Yeh Jawani Hai deewani, Haide have been shot in the Jammu and Kashmir state.

</doc>
<doc id="36858722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858722" title="Negro (candy)">
Negro (candy)

Negro is a Hungarian candy which was invented by the Italian confectioner Pietro Negro living and working in Hungary in the 1920s. It' slogan is ""the chimney sweep of the throat"". On its wrapper a chimney sweep is depicted while sweeping a chimney. It gets its originally black colour from molasses its made from, and taste from menthol added. Its full recipe is an industrial secret.

</doc>
<doc id="36858745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858745" title="Look Out for Evans Bradshaw!">
Look Out for Evans Bradshaw!

Look Out for Evans Bradshaw! is the debut album by American jazz pianist Evans Bradshaw featuring tracks recorded in 1958 for the Riverside label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="36858752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858752" title="Louisiana State Route 67">
Louisiana State Route 67

Louisiana State Route 67 (LA 67) was one of the 98 original state highways that were established in 1924. It was split into two separate segments, with the western section running in a west to east direction for , spanning a short distance from Sicily Island to the Tensas River . The eastern section ran for from the Tensas River to Waterproof and LA 3.
Route description.
Beginning at Waterproof through Highland to Route No. 15 at or near Copeland Station. - 1924 Louisiana Legislative Route Description
Sicily Island to Tensas River.
LA 67 began at an intersection with LA 15 just south of Sicily Island, where it turned to the north and followed the river to the site of a ferry, discontinued by 1955.
Tensas River to Waterproof.
Just across the river, LA 67 continued in the second segment, following the curvature of Choctaw Bayou until it met LA 3 in Waterproof. LA 67 only met the small community of Highland along the way, and most of the original route has been turned into a parish road.

</doc>
<doc id="36858757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858757" title="Walter Bickford">
Walter Bickford

Walter E. Bickford is an American civil engineer and politician who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1977 to 1983 and served as Commissioner of the Massachusetts Department of Fisheries and Wildlife from 1983 to 1991. In 1999 he ran in the special election for the Massachusetts Senate seat in the Middlesex and Worcester District vacated by Robert Durand. He lost in the Democratic primary to Pam Resor.

</doc>
<doc id="36858774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858774" title="Roberto de' Nobili">
Roberto de' Nobili

Roberto de' Nobili (1541–1559) was a grand-nephew of Pope Julius III made a Roman Catholic cardinal at the age of twelve.
Biography.
Roberto de' Nobili was born in on September 17, 1541, the son of Vincenzo de' Nobili, count of Civitella, and Maddalena Barbolani, of the counts of Montatoobili. His mother was the niece of Pope Julius III. His family moved to Rome in 1550 when Pope Julius III was elected.
The boy was tutored by Giulio Poggiano, Ottavio Pantagato, and Girolamo Ponzio, and by age ten was fluent in Latin and Ancient Greek. He also studied philosophy, literature, and the Scriptures.
Pope Julius III made him a cardinal deacon in the consistory of December 22, 1553 when he was twelve years old. He received the red hat and the deaconry of Santa Maria in Domnica on February 6, 1555.
He was a participant in both the papal conclave of April 1555 that elected Pope Marcellus II and the papal conclave of May 1555 that elected Pope Paul IV.
Pope Paul IV made him librarian of the Holy Roman Church. He considered resigning the cardinalate on several occasions, hoping to join the Society of Jesus or the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin, but was dissuaded from doing so by his confessor, the Spanish Jesuit Juan de Polanco.
He died in Rome on January 18, 1559. He was buried in San Pietro in Montorio and his entrails were buried in San Bernardo alle Terme.

</doc>
<doc id="36858777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858777" title="Cherry Creek Dam">
Cherry Creek Dam

Cherry Creek Dam (National ID # CO01280) is a dam in Arapahoe County, Colorado, in suburban Denver, southeast of the city center.
The earthen dam was constructed between 1948 and 1950 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers with a height of 141 feet and a length of 14,300 feet at its crest. It impounds Cherry Creek, a tributary of the South Platte River, for flood control. The dam and reservoir are owned and operated by the Corps of Engineers.
The reservoir it creates, Cherry Creek Reservoir, has a water surface of 2,630 acres, and a maximum capacity of 134,470 acre-feet. Recreation at the reservoir centers on the facilities of the adjacent Cherry Creek State Park, which offers camping, radio-controlled aircraft, picnicking, opportunities for bird watching, cross country skiing, fishing, and an outdoor shooting range.

</doc>
<doc id="36858785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858785" title="Golmaal Hai Bhai Sab Golmaal Hai">
Golmaal Hai Bhai Sab Golmaal Hai

Golmaal Hai Bhai Sab Golmaal Hai was an Indian romcom that was aired on SAB TV. It is a reboot of former comedy series Sajan Re Jhoot Mat Bolo with the cast from the original one.
Story.
Dhanwantrilal Dhyanchand Dholakia, alias 3D, is entirely against love marriages and has decreed that no member of the family can marry till his beloved unmarried sister Pari, a Music lover, well past middle age, finds her perfect match. Sachin is a simple Marathi guy who loves 3D's niece Dhwani. 3D wants his niece to marry a man who has 32 qualities. Her uncle employs a man named Baabul Chabeesguna for a vacancy as his manager. On the day Baabul arrives at the airport, Sachin and his funny friend Raju kidnap him. Disguised as Baabul, Sachin sets on a mission to impress his uncle by showing 32 qualities and win his love Dhwani. Soon 3D orders Baabul to find Sur Samrat Sarangiwale. Baabul and Raju finds him in the Himalayas, but he escapes from their vehicle upon reaching Mumbai. Then his same close friend Raju is seen masquerading as Sur Samrat Sarangiwale. Baabul loses one quality because of organizing 3D's birthday without asking him because it is also the death anniversary of Dwani's mother. But 3D gives him a week to reclaim it. Baabul (Sachin) goes on to organize the birthday party for him, citing that 3D's late sister doesn't like 3D to be sad. He likes the party so much that he gives Baabul (Sachin), 2 days more to get his quality. In the party 3D requests Sur Samrat Sarangiwale, (Raju) to sing a song he heard at a fair in Delhi. Raju becomes afraid and is about to confess that he is not the Sur Samrat. Sachin offers to sing the famous song Ek Chatur Naar from Padosan from behind the chair for which Raju only needs to mime and lip-sync with Sachin, thereby saving them both from their secrets being exposed. Yet in the party, 3D gets to know the real Baabul and thus Sachin's real identity is understood by all, (but Raju's disguise isn't revealed). Another shock is received when his other brothers - Dhoti and Dhawal, confess their love for the disguising cook Ananoya (a playartist in a theater by profession) and her assistant Suzi (a thief by profession) respectively. 3D now after a huge reconsideration, dumps his 'guna or quality theory' and endorses everyone will be married with their loved ones.

</doc>
<doc id="36858792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858792" title="Cyclocephala">
Cyclocephala

Cyclocephala is a genus of scarab beetle from the subfamily Dynastinae (Coleoptera, Scarabaeidae). Beetles of this genus occur from southeastern Canada to Argentina and the West Indies. 
Adults of this genus are noctural or crepuscular, and are usually attracted to lights. 
Selected species.
This is a large genus and new species continue to be added.

</doc>
<doc id="36858794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858794" title="Klinkert">
Klinkert

Klinkert may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36858800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858800" title="Debitsuccess">
Debitsuccess

Debitsuccess is a global direct debit billing service business with offices in Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane, and Perth, Australia and also in Auckland, New Zealand. Formerly known as Adfit Membership Services, the company was founded in 1994 by then-CEO Ewan Greig. The Australian arm of the business is headed by former Fairfax Digital senior executive Davin Miller whilst Group CEO Craig Marshall oversees operations of the New Zealand market.
Debitsuccess specialises in providing a payment processing service to leading organisations, primarily within the fitness industry. In addition to their traditional direct debit payment processing services, Debitsuccess provides call centre customer management and credit control. In 2012, Debitsuccess launched an online lay-by payment tool, targeted at retailers.
As of 2012, Debitsuccess provides employment to more than 120 people in customer service, credit control, information technology, sales, marketing and account management.
Major clients in Australia (as at November 2012) include Genesis Health Club, EBP Fitness, Goodlife Health Club, Fitness Firm, Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs Rugby League Club, Brisbane Broncos Rugby League Club, HRV Fitness and Open Colleges. Clients in New Zealand (as of the same date) include the New Zealand Institute of Golf, New Zealand Warriors Rugby League Club, CLM Health & Fitness and TicketDirect.

</doc>
<doc id="36858805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858805" title="Edmond Halley">
Edmond Halley

Edmond Halley, FRS (commonly misspelt as Edmund, pronounced ; 8 November 1656 – 14 January 1742) was an English astronomer, geophysicist, mathematician, meteorologist, and physicist who is best known for computing the orbit of the eponymous Halley's Comet. He was the second Astronomer Royal in Britain, succeeding John Flamsteed.
Early life.
Halley was born in Haggerston, Shoreditch, England. His father, Edmond Halley Sr., came from a Derbyshire family and was a wealthy soap-maker in London. As a child, Halley was very interested in mathematics. He studied at St Paul's School, and from 1673 at The Queen's College, Oxford. While an undergraduate, Halley published papers on the Solar System and sunspots.
Career.
Publications and inventions.
Halley became an assistant to John Flamsteed, the Astronomer Royal at the Greenwich Observatory, in 1675, and among other things, had the job of assigning what is now called Flamsteed numbers to stars.
In 1676, Halley visited the south Atlantic island of Saint Helena and set up an observatory with a large sextant with telescopic sights to catalogue the stars of the southern hemisphere. While there he observed a transit of Mercury, and realised that a similar transit of Venus could be used to determine the absolute size of the Solar System. He returned to England in May 1678. In the following year he went to Danzig (Gdańsk) on behalf of the Royal Society to help resolve a dispute. Because astronomer Johannes Hevelius did not use a telescope, his observations had been questioned by Robert Hooke. Halley stayed with Hevelius and he observed and verified the quality of Hevelius' observations. The same year, Halley published the results from his observations on St. Helena as "Catalogus Stellarum Australium" which included details of 341 southern stars. These additions to contemporary star maps earned him comparison with Tycho Brahe: e.g. "the southern Tycho" as described by Flamsteed. Halley was awarded his M.A. degree at Oxford and elected as a Fellow of the Royal Society at the age of 22.
In 1686, Halley published the second part of the results from his Helenian expedition, being a paper and chart on trade winds and monsoons. In this he identified solar heating as the cause of atmospheric motions. He also established the relationship between barometric pressure and height above sea level. His charts were an important contribution to the emerging field of information visualization.
Halley spent most of his time on lunar observations, but was also interested in the problems of gravity. One problem that attracted his attention was the proof of Kepler's laws of planetary motion. In August 1684, he went to Cambridge to discuss this with Sir Isaac Newton, much as John Flamsteed had done four years earlier, only to find that Newton had solved the problem, at the instigation of Flamsteed with regard to the orbit of comet Kirch, without publishing the solution. Halley asked to see the calculations and was told by Newton that he could not find them, but promised to redo them and send them on later, which he eventually did, in a short treatise entitled, "On the motion of bodies in an orbit." Halley recognized the importance of the work and returned to Cambridge to arrange its publication with Newton, who instead went on to expand it into his "Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica" published at Halley's expense in 1687. Halley's first calculations with comets were thereby for the orbit of comet Kirch, based on Flamsteed's observations in 1680-1. Although he was to accurately calculate the orbit of the comet of 1682, he was inaccurate in his calculations of the orbit of comet Kirch. They indicated a periodicity of 575 years, thus appearing in the years 531 and 1106, and presumably heralding the death of Julius Caesar in a like fashion in -44 (45 BCE). It is now known to have an orbital period of circa 10,000 years.
In 1691, Halley built a diving bell, a device in which the atmosphere was replenished by way of weighted barrels of air sent down from the surface. In a demonstration, Halley and five companions dived to in the River Thames, and remained there for over an hour and a half. Halley's bell was of little use for practical salvage work, as it was very heavy, but he made improvements to it over time, later extending his underwater exposure time to over 4 hours. Halley suffered one of the earliest recorded cases of middle ear barotrauma.
In 1691 Halley sought the post of Savilian Professor of Astronomy at Oxford, but, due to his well-known atheism, was opposed by the Archbishop of Canterbury, John Tillotson and Bishop Stillingfleet. The post went instead to David Gregory, who had the support of Isaac Newton.
In 1692, Halley put forth the idea of a hollow Earth consisting of a shell about 500 miles (800 km) thick, two inner concentric shells and an innermost core, about the diameters of the planets Venus, Mars, and Mercury. He suggested that atmospheres separated these shells, and that each shell had its own magnetic poles, with each sphere rotating at a different speed. Halley proposed this scheme in order to explain anomalous compass readings. He envisaged each inner region as having an atmosphere and being luminous (and possibly inhabited), and speculated that escaping gas caused the Aurora Borealis.
In 1693 Halley published an article on life annuities, which featured an analysis of age-at-death on the basis of the Breslau statistics Caspar Neumann had been able to provide. This article allowed the British government to sell life annuities at an appropriate price based on the age of the purchaser. Halley's work strongly influenced the development of actuarial science. The construction of the life-table for Breslau, which followed more primitive work by John Graunt, is now seen as a major event in the history of demography.
The Royal Society censured Halley for suggesting in 1694 that the story of Noah's flood might be an account of a cometary impact.
Exploration years.
In 1698, Halley was given command of the , a pink, so that he could carry out investigations in the South Atlantic into the laws governing the variation of the compass. On 19 August 1698, he took command of the ship and, in November 1698, sailed on what was the first purely scientific voyage by an English naval vessel. Unfortunately problems of insubordination arose over questions of Halley's competence to command a vessel. Halley returned the ship to England to proceed against officers in July 1699. The result was a mild rebuke for his men, and dissatisfaction for Halley, who felt the court had been too lenient. Halley thereafter received a temporary commission as a Captain in the Royal Navy, recommissioned the "Paramour" on 24 August 1699 and sailed again in September 1699 to make extensive observations on the conditions of terrestrial magnetism. This task he accomplished in a second Atlantic voyage which lasted until 6 September 1700, and extended from 52 degrees north to 52 degrees south. The results were published in "General Chart of the Variation of the Compass" (1701). This was the first such chart to be published and the first on which isogonic, or Halleyan, lines appeared. 
"The preface to Awnsham and John Churchill’s collection of Voyage and travels (1704), perhaps by John Locke or by Edmond Halley, made the link. 
In November 1703, Halley was appointed Savilian Professor of Geometry at the University of Oxford, his theological enemies, John Tillotson and Bishop Stillingfleet having died, and received an honorary degree of doctor of laws in 1710. In 1705, applying historical astronomy methods, he published "Synopsis Astronomia Cometicae", which stated his belief that the comet sightings of 1456, 1531, 1607, and 1682 related to the same comet, which he predicted would return in 1758. Halley did not live to witness the comet's return, but when it did, the comet became generally known as Halley's Comet.
By 1706 Halley had learned Arabic and completed the translation started by Edward Bernard of Books V-VII of Apollonius's "Conics" from copies found at Leiden and the Bodleian Library at Oxford. He also completed a new translation of the first four books from the original Greek that had been started by the late David Gregory. He published these along with his own reconstruction of Book VIII in the first complete Latin edition in 1710.
In 1716, Halley suggested a high-precision measurement of the distance between the Earth and the Sun by timing the transit of Venus. In doing so, he was following the method described by James Gregory in "Optica Promota" (in which the design of the Gregorian telescope is also described). It is reasonable to assume Halley possessed and had read this book given that the Gregorian design was the principal telescope design used in astronomy in Halley's day. It is not to Halley's credit that he failed to acknowledge Gregory's priority in this matter. In 1718 he discovered the proper motion of the "fixed" stars by comparing his astrometric measurements with those given in Ptolemy's "Almagest". Arcturus and Sirius were two noted to have moved significantly, the latter having progressed 30 arc minutes (about the diameter of the moon) southwards in 1800 years.
In 1720, together with his friend the antiquarian William Stukeley, Halley participated in the first attempt to scientifically date Stonehenge. Assuming that the monument had been laid out using a magnetic compass, Stukeley and Halley attempted to calculate the perceived deviation introducing corrections from existing magnetic records, and suggested three dates (AD 920, AD 220 and 460 BC), the earliest being the one accepted. These dates were wrong by thousands of years, but the idea that scientific methods could be used to date ancient monuments was revolutionary in its day.
Halley succeeded John Flamsteed in 1720 as Astronomer Royal, a position Halley held until his death in 1742 at the age of 85. Halley was buried in the graveyard of the old church of St. Margaret (since rebuilt), at Lee, South London. He was interred in the same vault as Astronomer Royal John Pond; the unmarked grave of Astronomer Royal Nathaniel Bliss is nearby.
Personal life.
Halley married Mary Tooke in 1682 and settled in Islington. The couple had three children.
Pronunciation.
There are three pronunciations of the surname "Halley". The most common, both in Great Britain and in the United States, is . This is the personal pronunciation used by most Halleys living in London today.
The alternative is often preferred for the man and the comet by those who grew up with rock and roll singer Bill Haley, who called his backing band his "Comets" after the common pronunciation of Halley's Comet in the United States at the time. Colin Ronan, one of Halley's biographers, preferred . Contemporary accounts spell his name "Hailey, Hayley, Haley, Haly, Halley, Hawley" and "Hawly", and presumably pronunciations varied similarly.
As for his given name, although the spelling "Edmund" is quite common, "Edmond" is what Halley himself used.

</doc>
<doc id="36858810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858810" title="Wesleyan Theological Institution">
Wesleyan Theological Institution

The Wesleyan Theological Institution was from 1863 until 1914 an Australian Methodist Theological College located firstly in Silverwater, New South Wales and from 1881 at Stanmore, New South Wales.
History.
At the Methodist Conference of 1862, the Rev John Manton proposed that a collegiate institute be founded in Sydney. On Thursday 16 July 1863, the Wesleyan Collegiate Institute opened with 16 boys and a small number of theological students. As no suitable buildings were available in Sydney at the time, Newington House, the centrepiece of John Blaxland's estate at Silverwater, was leased. The institution functioned as a boys school, Newington College, and theological college. Expanding student numbers meant that more extensive premises closer to the city were required. A bequest by John Jones, of land at Stanmore, saw both institutions move to the newly fashionable inner-city suburbs. Seventy schoolboys and four theological students migrated from Silverwater to Stanmore and the theological college remained there until 1914. The NSW Conference of the Methodist Church purchased a house and grounds at 416-420 Liverpool Road, Strathfield South, New South Wales and moved the theological students there for the beginning of the 1915 academic year. The new institution was named Leigh College in honour of the Rev. Samuel Leigh.

</doc>
<doc id="36858811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858811" title="1999 Indiana Hoosiers men's soccer team">
1999 Indiana Hoosiers men's soccer team

The 1999 Indiana Hoosiers men's soccer team represented Indiana University during the 1999 NCAA Division I soccer season, winning the Big Ten Conference regular season and tournament championships and the NCAA Championship. The team was coached by Jerry Yeagley and finished with a record of 21-3. The 1999 Hoosiers were led on offense by Aleksey Korol, Matt Fundenberger, and Yuri Lavrinenko. The defense was led by Nick Garcia, Dennis Fadeski, and T.J. Hannig. The Hoosiers played their home matches at Bill Armstrong Stadium, in Bloomington, Indiana.
The team's penultimate victory of the season came in the semifinals of the 1999 NCAA Soccer Tournament- also known as the College Cup. The Hoosiers defeated their rival, the UCLA Bruins, by a score of 3-2 in 4 overtimes. The match is considered one of the most exciting in college soccer history. Two days later, Indiana defeated Santa Clara University, 1-0 to capture the national championship.
The national championship was the 2nd consecutive championship for the Hoosiers, as they won the 1998 NCAA tournament, and it was the program's 5th overall national championship. The Big Ten title that the Hoosiers captured in 1999 was the 6th consecutive conference championship for the program and was the 8th Big Ten Conference title for Indiana in the 9 years that the Big Ten had hosted men's soccer.
Pre-Season.
The Hoosiers entered 1999 as the defending national champions and ranked #1 in the NSCAA poll. However, early on the team felt the loss of Dema Kovalenko, Lazo Alavanja, and Gino DiGuardi from the 1998 championship team and struggled to find their form. The Hoosiers struggled in the preseason exhibition schedule, losing 2-3 to St. Louis, squeaking past IUPUI 1-0, and then drawing with Clemson 1-1.
Regular Season.
The early struggles continued into the early stages of the season, as the Hoosiers' quest to defending the crown that they'd won in 1998 began slowly. Aleksey Korol's goal lifted Indiana to a 1-0 season-opening win over fellow 1998 College Cup participant, Maryland, in front of 4,726 fans at Bill Armstrong Stadium. Indiana then dropped a 0-1 decision to St. Louis at home and fell to Yale on the road, 1-2. 
The 1-2 record to start the season was a disappointment, but the Hoosiers responded and wouldn't lose again until the final regular season game of the year, stringing together 13 straight wins. The streak began with wins over Brown, Fresno State, TCU, Louisville and Michigan State.
Penn State then visited Bloomington as the #1 ranked team in the nation. And in a highly exciting match, the Hoosiers prevailed 4-2. Pat Noonan, Fundenberger, Korol and Lavrinenko each found the net in the match, and the matchup proved to be the first of three huge meetings between the squads in 1999. The win ran the Hoosiers record to 7-2-0.
Indiana's next 4 games against Butler, Evansville, Wisconsin and Northwestern were all shutout wins for the Hoosiers. IU then topped Kentucky and beat Ohio State to clinch the Regular Season Big Ten Championship with a 5-0 conference record. Indiana defeated Florida International for the Hoosiers' 13th straight win, and then dropped the final game of the regular season to James Madison. IU closed the regular season with a record of 14-3-0.
Big Ten Tournament.
A first round bye awaited the team in the Big Ten tournament in East Lansing, Michigan. In the semifinals, Indiana defeated Northwestern, 2-0 to set up a matchup with familiar foe Penn State, for the Big Ten championship. In the final, the Nittany Lions gained a 1-goal advantage, but the Hoosiers battled back to force overtime on a goal by Korol. In the 2nd overtime period, Korol netted the golden-goal that won the Big Ten Championship for the Hoosiers. It was Indiana's 6th straight Big Ten Championship and the win extended the Hoosiers' undefeated streak against Big Ten opponents- that began in October, 1995- to 32 games (30-0-2).
NCAA Tournament: Rounds 1-3.
The opening round match would pit the #2 seeded Hoosiers against Kentucky at Bill Armstrong Stadium, and the match was tense throughout. Despite controlling the play, Indiana could not score in regulation or the 1st overtime period. But for the second straight game, Korol was the hero in the 2nd overtime and his goal gave Indiana a 1-0 victory and a trip to the 2nd round.
In the Round of 16, the Hoosiers shutout Washington, 2-0 at home with goals from Korol and Mack. With a berth to the College Cup- soccer's version of the Final Four- on the line, the Hoosiers once again hosted Penn State. It was the third meeting between the teams in 1999, but it proved to be the most comfortable margin of victory for Indiana, as the Hoosiers prevailed 3-0. Pat Noonan opened the scoring, and Korol once again was unstoppable and scored 2 goals. The match was the 5th straight in which Korol had scored and the 8th time in 9 games. And the win propelled Indiana to its 13th trip to the College Cup in the program's history.
College Cup.
The Hoosiers were joined in the 1999 men's soccer College Cup by their long-time rival and semifinal opponent, UCLA, as well as Connecticut and Santa Clara. The UCLA Bruins had stunned Indiana in exactly the same stage of the 1997 College Cup in overtime, when the Hoosiers were 23-0 and bidding for an undefeated season. And just as 1997 provided a classic game, the 1999 matchup was even more dramatic. Two second-half goals by Noonan and Lavrinenko staked the Hoosiers to a seemingly comfortable 2-0 lead, but the Bruins came storming back to tie the match. The Hoosiers surrendered their first goal of the NCAA tournament with 14 minutes left in the match, which cut their lead in half. The Bruins then knotted the match at 2-2 with 8 minutes remaining. The teams battled through the first 3 overtime periods, with UCLA having the better of the chances. The Bruins nearly ended the match in the 3rd overtime when a header bounced off the post and out of the Hoosier's goal. In the 142nd minute, and just 8 minutes from a penalty shootout, the Hoosiers finally broke through on a goal by Ryan Mack. Mack's left footed blast from the top of the 18-yard box ended the epic battle and sent the Hoosiers to their 10th NCAA Championship match.
A fatigued Indiana squad faced off against Santa Clara, who also needed 4 overtimes in their semifinal match to defeat Connecticut, for the 1999 NCAA Championship. The early play between the two exhausted teams was slow and sloppy, but the Hoosiers began to gain control of the match mid-way through the first half and tallied the first goal in the 30th minute off of a quick counter-attack. Noonan stripped a Santa Clara attacker in Indiana's 18-yd box, and he then passed to Ryan Mack. Mack carried the ball into open space before passing off to Lavrinenko at the midfield stripe. Lavrinenko dribbled through the Santa Clara midfield before passing the ball to Korol at the top of the Santa Clara box. With his back to the goal, Korol held the ball and drew several defenders. As Lavrinenko made a great run off of the ball, Korol laid the ball off to the left side to the streaking Lavrinenko. Lavrinenko found himself in on goal from a bit of an angle, but was able to slide the ball underneath the onrushing Santa Clara goalkeeper for a 1-0 lead. Santa Clara nearly equalized in the 39th minute, but Hoosiers goalkeeper TJ Hannig charged out of his goal and stopped a blast from 8 yards out. The save, however, deflected high into the air and was heading towards the open net, before defender John Swann leapt up and headed the ball over the crossbar. The second half saw Santa Clara begin to seize control of the play and put more pressure on the Indiana goal. 
In the 70th minute, Indiana defender Nick Garcia made a play that will go down in College Cup lore. After a long throw-in by Santa Clara deep in Indiana's territory was flick-headed in the box, the ball fell perfectly for a Santa Clara attacker, who side volleyed the ball towards goal. Hannig dove to save, but the ball got past him and was headed for the open net. Seemingly out of nowhere, Garcia dove back into the goalmouth and got enough of his head on the ball to deflect the shot up and off of the crossbar to keep it out of the net. The close calls did not end there for the Hoosiers, as a Santa Clara attacker found himself wide open about 10 yards in front of the Indiana goal in the 73rd minute. But luckily for Indiana, the attacker sent his attempt wide of the net. From that moment on, Indiana clamped down defensively and closed out the 1-0 win for the 1999 National Championship. It was the 5th title in the program's history (along with 1982, '83, '88, '98) and the second time the Hoosiers had gone back-to-back.
Roster.
Head Coach: Jerry Yeagley
Assistant Coach: Mike Freitag
Assistant Coach: John Trask 
Assistant Coach: Ernie Yarborough
Stats.
Aleksey Korol finished the 1999 soccer season with 20 goals and 10 assists for a total of 50 points. He became the first Hoosiers soccer player to tally 50 points in a single season in a decade. His 1999 season put him at 4th on the all-time scoring list for Indiana Soccer, with 149 points. Matt Fundenberger was second on the team in 1999 with 30 points on 10 goals and 10 assists. Yuri Lavrinenko led the squad with 12 assists and added 7 goals, for a total of 26 points. His 12 assists pushed Lavrinenko to 2nd on Indiana's all time assist leaders, with 41 career assists. Ryan Mack added 19 points (5 goals, 9 assists), and Pat Noonan scored 18 points (7 goals, 4 assists) on the season.
On defense, Dennis Fadeski started all 24 matches at marking back, while Nick Garcia started each match at sweeper. The duo anchored the defense to 15 shutouts. Justin Tauber took over the defensive midfielder position for the 1999 season and started 22 matches. 
In goal, TJ Hannig and Doug Warren split games throughout the regular season, before Hannig won the job permanently for the entire postseason. Hannig started 16 matches and posted a 14-2 record, with a 0.52 goals against average and 10.5 shutouts. Warren started 8 matches, posting a 7-1 record, with a 0.63 record and 4 shutouts.
Awards and Honors.
Aleksey Korol was named the Big Ten Conference Player of the Year in 1999, as well as a NSCAA 1st Team All American, and the 1999 "SoccerAmerica" National Player of the Year. He was also named to the Soccer America All-Decade Team for the 1990s. Korol was a finalist for the 1999 Hermann Trophy- given to the nation's top player, and finished 4th in the voting.
Nick Garcia finished 2nd in the Hermann Trophy voting and was named the 1999 College Cup Most Outstanding Defensive Player. He was also named as a NSCAA 1st Team All American.
Yuri Lavrinenko was named the 1999 College Cup Most Outstanding Offensive Player and was a 2nd Team All American.
Head Coach Jerry Yeagley was named Big Ten Coach of the Year for the 5th time, and also won his 5th NSCAA National Coach of the Year award.
Hoosiers in the Pros.
The 1999 Hoosiers saw 3 players drafted in the 2000 MLS SuperDraft. Garcia was selected 2nd overall by the Kansas City Wizards and Korol was drafted 5th overall by the Dallas Burn. The Chicago Fire selected Lavrinenko in the 3rd round, with the 32nd pick overall.
In addition, nine other players from the 1999 National Champions would later go on to play professional soccer either in Major League Soccer or USL A-League (now known as USL First Division): Doug Warren, TJ Hannig, John Swann, Phil Presser, Dennis Fadeski, Ryan Mack, Pat Noonan, Matt Fundenberger, Matt Reiswerg.

</doc>
<doc id="36858814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858814" title="Kilbirnie Street fire">
Kilbirnie Street fire

The Kilbirnie Street fire, on Friday 25 August 1972, was a warehouse fire in the Eglinton Toll area, on the Southside of Glasgow, Scotland, which claimed the lives of 7 Glasgow Fire Service firemen. They were killed by a flashover while trying to rescue a trapped colleague.
What started as a routine industrial premises fire, resulted in one of the highest losses of life for the UK Fire Service at a single incident in peacetime.
The Sher Brothers Warehouse.
The warehouse premises at 70/72 Kilbirnie Street was used a cash and carry warehouse by the Sher Brothers company, selling textiles, clothing and household goods. It was built as a stables in 1899 and in common with much of Glasgow's industrial premises at that time, had seen numerous uses over the years. It was a brick built construction of ground, first and attic floors, connected by internal stairs and a goods lift. The first floor was of concrete construction, and the attic floor of composite steel and timber, supported on cast iron columns. Internal partitioning consisted of timber frames with hardboard lining. An external steel stair opening off the attic and first floors acted as the fire escape route.
Stock was arranged on steel frame shelving and floor based stowage. The potential fire load was considered high following a fire prevention visit in December 1971 and again in March 1972. It had been occupied by the owners since 1970.
The Fire.
The fire was discovered by an employee while searching for stock and appeared to have started on the attic floor. A total of three 999 calls were received by Glasgow Fire Service control by 11.21 and two water tenders and a turntable ladder were despatched from South station, with Station Officer Carroll in charge, arriving at around 11.24. A serious fire was seen to be in progress, with smoke emitting from the building, and smoke emitting from the roof. All staff had evacuated, and the fire brigade were faced with a serious but largely routine fire.
Divisional Officer Quinn arrived soon after, and after early investigations with Carroll, called for reinforcements by "Making Pumps 4". Queens Park and West Marine Fire Stations despatched two further water tenders, arriving around 11.30.
Glasgow Salvage Corps despatched a vehicle to the scene as part of the initial attendance, and their men began their normal fireground task of attempting to protect stock from fire and smoke damage by covering with plastic sheeting. On the "Make Pumps 4" message, a second salvage tender was despatched.
Crews using breathing apparatus (or "BA"), searching the building for the seat of the fire, found conditions very difficult with thick smoke and the crowded layout of the premises hampering progress.
With the arrival of the additional pump from West Marine Fire Station at 1133, Station Officer Carroll ordered the roof be opened to assist in ventilating the building. This was effected under difficult circumstances, from ladders pitched against the building, and thick smoke began emitting through the hole created.
The complex layout of the stock and partitioning of the building meant that location of the fire proved difficult. With the intense heat and thick smoke, internal fire fighting was effected on the first and second floors
Around this time, a small amount of fire was noted breaking through the first floor ceiling, which was addressed. This indicated serious fire in the attic floor above.
At around 12.00 with the initial crews becoming exhausted, Divisional Officer Quinn requested the attendance of an emergency tender, for the additional BA and fresh men. This was dispatched from South Fire Station.
The Rescue of Fireman Rook.
Around 11.55, with conditions deteriorating, Divisional Officer Quinn ordered all men from the building. As he was leaving, Fireman Rook was asked by an officer (who possibly had not heard the order to evacuate) to assist in a flare up of fire in the attic. They attempted to turn a hose on the fire, but were engulfed by a stock collapse that stunned both men. The Officer came to and managed to stumble out and raise the alarm.
Soon after the "Man trapped" message was sent, Deputy Firemaster McGill turned out to Kilbirnie Street, hearing a "Make Pumps 8" message whilst en route, arriving around 1218 to take command.
With the discovery that Fireman Rook was missing, a rescue party was sent into get him, but had to be pulled out due to exhaustion. Divisional Officer Quinn was not prepared to leave Rook to his fate, and a second rescue attempt was mounted. Between around 12.05 and 12.20, Leading Fireman Crofts, Firemen Bermingham, Finlay, Hooper and McMillan donned BA and with Quinn, returned to the attic floor. Inside they found Rook, and aided by Fireman Murray dug him out of the collapsed stock. Fireman Murray, not in BA and suffering burns, had to leave the scene, and was assisted from the building by Firemen Welsh and Smith who managed to drag him clear. Fireman Welsh was to receive a bravery award for his actions.
Rook having been located, was being dragged out of the collapsed stock, when a rapid and fierce eruption of heat and flame across the first floor ceiling engulfed the rescuers, leading to a structural collapse. It gradually became apparent to those outside that a serious situation had occurred.
A roll call in the street showed who was missing, and further rescue attempts were made from ladders through the first floor windows. The first body was located at 1348, and when it was clear that no survivors were to be found, rescuers were ordered out. It was no longer justifiable to risk further men, so the decision was taken to withdraw all from the building until the fire was under control. The fire was attacked externally from turntable ladders, hydraulic platform, and a "Scoosher" aerial monitor.
By mid afternoon, with the fire under control, the retreval of the bodies could be carried out, with the final body, that of Fireman Rook located at around 18.11. By this time, the building was in a hazardous condition,
Firefighters killed.
The following firemen were killed on 25 August 1972 during this event 
The Aftermath.
Glasgow Fire Service went into a state of mourning for its largest loss of men since the 1960 Cheapside Street Whisky Bond Fire, and public funerals were held before the men were laid to rest in the Glasgow Necropolis.
The building was deemed unsafe following an inspection by a Glasgow Corporation building inspector, and demolition commenced almost immediately. Subsequently, the premises were rebuilt on the same site, and are still occupied today.
A fatal accident inquiry, under Sheriff Bryden was held at Glasgow Sheriff Court. At this inquiry, it became apparent that the fire spread across the hardboard clad first floor ceiling lead to the flashover that ended up engulfing the dead men. The behaviour and bravery of the men involved were stated to be of the highest order, and in the best traditions of the Glasgow Fire Service.

</doc>
<doc id="36858819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858819" title="List of sub regions used in the London Plan">
List of sub regions used in the London Plan

Greater London is divided into five sub regions for the purposes of the London Plan. The boundaries of these areas were amended in 2008 and 2011 and their role in the implementation of the London Plan has varied with each iteration.
From 2004 to 2008, the sub regions were initially the same as the Learning and Skills Council areas set up in 1999. These 2004—2008 sub regions each had a "Sub-Regional Development Framework". The sub regions were revised in February 2008 as part of the "Further Alterations to the London Plan". The 2008—2011 sub regions, each had its own "Sub Regional Implementation Framework". In 2011, the sub regions were revised again. The 2011 sub regions are to be used for statutory monitoring, engagement and resource allocation.

</doc>
<doc id="36858849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858849" title="Rūdolfs Jurciņš">
Rūdolfs Jurciņš

Rūdolfs Jurciņš ( – ) was a Latvian basketball player. He played as a center. Jurciņš won a gold medal at the 1935 EuroBasket competition, becoming first European champion. He participated at the 1936 Summer Olympics, where Latvia national basketball team got 15th/18th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36858859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858859" title="Artun Akçakın">
Artun Akçakın

Artun Akçakın (born 6 May 1993 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish professional footballer. He currently plays as a forward for Gençlerbirliği in the Süper Lig.
Career.
International career.
Akçakın represented Turkey at the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36858883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858883" title="Sixth Asian Science Camp">
Sixth Asian Science Camp

The Sixth Asian Science Camp, which began on 26 August 2012, was hosted by Israel and took place in Jerusalem. The Asian Science Camp (ASC), developed by two Nobel Prize recipients and based on the Lindau meetings, is an annual forum described as an event "to enlighten science-talented youths in Asia through discussions with world scholars, as well as to promote international friendship and cooperation young Asian students." Approximately 300 Asian students from twenty-two Asian countries attended the event.
Students.
In terms of the number of participants, the Sixth Asian Science Camp is the largest of all the previous camps.
Twenty-two Asian countries sent students from high schools and colleges to the event. The Israeli delegation was the largest (35 participants), followed by China (34 participants), India (33 participants), and Japan (24 participants). In addition, students from Australia, Taiwan, South Korea, Nepal, New Zealand, the Philippines, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Turkey, Vietnam, Georgia, Armenia, Turkmenistan, and Myanmar attended. Approximately 300 Asian students attended in total.
The Israeli Foreign Ministry stated that the ministry wanted to ensure that Israel would be able to host the event, and was working for months in this pursuit. The ministry said that the organizers of the Sixth Asian Science Camp expressed an interest in having Israel host the event, and that "many people in Asia... are curious about Israel’s successes in high-tech and science." The foreign ministry described the Sixth Asian Science Camp as "an important project, one that was one of our top goals for 2012, a special year in which Israel is emphasizing its relations with Asian countries."
Nobel Prize recipients.
Ten Nobel Prize recipients were invited to lecture at the event. Among these recipients are Robert Aumann (economics), Aaron Ciechanover (chemistry), Makoto Kobayashi (physics), Roger D. Kornberg (chemistry), and Yuan T. Lee (chemistry).
Event.
The Asian Science Camp took place at the Givat Ram campus of the Hebrew University in Jerusalem. Lectures and discussions by five Nobel Prize recipients, as well as over 20 leading scientists, were held at the event. The discussions by these scientists involved a diverse range of fields, including biology, physics, genetics, mathematics, and space travel. 
Students at the Sixth Asian Science Camp also took part in a creative poster competition, and went on trips to Israeli tourist sites, Israeli university laboratories, various high-tech companies, and social gatherings.
The slogan for the Sixth Asian Science Camp was "Young Science for the Future."

</doc>
<doc id="36858885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858885" title="Paget Rangers F.C.">
Paget Rangers F.C.

Paget Rangers F.C. is an English football club based in Erdington, Birmingham, currently playing in the Midland League Division Two.
History.
The club was established in 1938 by pupils of Paget Road School in Erdington, Birmingham and was accepted into the Intermediate Division of the Birmingham Juvenile Organisation Committee. In their first two seasons Paget enjoyed instant success, winning the league title on both occasions, however the outbreak of the 2nd World War brought a halt to progress. Following the outbreak of peace, Paget joined the Birmingham Youth and Old Boys AFA, before moving to the Central Amateur League in 1949 and then the Worcestershire Combination (now Midland Combination) in 1950.
In 1951 Paget Rangers purchased a site on Springfield Road in Walmley for a cost of £550. Springfield Road was to be Paget’s home for the next 42 years. The 1950s was a decade of consolidation for The Bears, before experiencing their first major success in 1960 when a unique quadruple was achieved. Paget won the Midland Combination League Title, The Midland Combination League Cup, The Birmingham Junior Cup and the Sutton Coldfield Charity Cup. Paget went on to retain the league title again in 1961. Further success followed in 1967 when Paget Rangers defeated Alvechurch to win the Midland Combination League cup (Alvechurch had beaten Paget in the previous year’s final). In 1970 Paget won the Midland Combination Premier Division for the third time, following that success with a second place finish in 1971.
In 1971 the club erected floodlights at Springfield Road, becoming the first Midland Combination club to have floodlight in the process. The switching on of the lights was marked by a visit of Aston Villa to Springfield Road.
Paget Rangers won their 4th Midland Combination League Cup in 1983 and a 5th success soon followed in 1986, earning Paget Rangers a place in the Southern League for the first time. Unfortunately a mass exodus of players following the departure of manager Eddie Caulfield to local rivals Sutton Coldfield Town undermined the club’s progress and after one season in the Southern League the club was relegated to the West Midlands (Regional) League.
Paget adapted to live in the West Midlands (Regional) League and achieved a top half finish in all but one season between 1988 and 1994. The highest place achieved during this period was a second place finish in 1992, when Gresley Rovers won the title. Success was achieved in the League Cup however in 1992, when Paget Rangers defeated Gresley Rovers in a thrilling final. The club also reached the final of the League Cup in both 1993 and 1994, but finished as runners-up on both occasions.
In 1993 Paget Rangers sold their Springfield Road ground for housing development for a fee believed to be in excess of £1.4million. Whilst a site for a new home was sought Paget Rangers began a groundshare agreement with local rivals Sutton Coldfield Town.
In 1994, following league restructuring, Paget were elected as founder members of the new Midland Football Alliance. Paget won the inaugural championship in 1994/95 by a twelve point margin from Hinckley Athletic to once again achieve promotion to the Southern League Midland Division.
The 1994-95 season was an outstanding season for Paget as in addition to claiming the Midland Football Alliance Championship, they won the Lord Mayor of Birmingham's Charity Cup when beating Moor Green in the final, and finished as runners-up in the Staffordshire Senior Cup to Stoke City. The same season saw them reach the semi-final of the Birmingham Senior Cup, thus enjoying their best ever run in the competition which included a 2–1 victory over Coventry City in the quarter final. However, they were beaten by Aston Villa but not before putting on a spirited performance at Villa Park.
In all, throughout the 1994/95 season, a total of five Southern League Clubs were beaten in various cup competitions.
The first season in the Southern League was an instant success, with a 5th place finish, including memorable victories over both Tamworth and run-away leaders Nuneaton Borough. In fact Paget Rangers were top at Christmas, but the sale of star striker Ian Bennett and midfielder David Campbell to Leicester United undermined any hopes of a second successive promotion.
After 5 seasons ground sharing with Sutton Coldfield Town, Paget moved to their new home at Vale Stadium, Castle Vale, for the start of the 1998/99 season. This moved proved to be a disaster. The expected increase in attendances didn’t materialise, the new pitch was prone to flooding and boardroom disagreements due to the inheritance of £1.4m caused the team to struggle both on and off the pitch.
The Club continued to battle on valiantly in the Southern League Western Division for two more seasons before the seemingly inevitable relegation occurred at the end of the 2000–01 season. As the season was drawing to a close, a mass exodus of players due to the withdrawal of any financial support saw several youth team players see action. Their spirit and effort was not enough to help Paget avoid relegation to the Midland Alliance, but four wins from their final six games meant Paget avoided bottom spot.
Paget's first season back in the Midland Football Alliance saw further off field tribulations affect the composition of the team. Once again youth featured prominently as the Bears attempted to stabilise in new surroundings. Paget achieved a solid mid-table position in their first season back in the Midland Alliance, however the club resigned at the end of the season and subsequently folded. The club’s final game was at home to Barwell on 23 April 2002. Paget won the game 3–1.
In 2011 lifelong Paget Rangers supporter Matthew Dainty set about reforming the club with the ambition of returning Paget to the Midland Alliance as quickly as possible. After 18 months of planning Paget’s application to the Midland Combination for the 2012/13 season was rejected, thus meaning the Bears had to join the Birmingham AFA where they were placed in Division 2. Again, much like the original club Paget enjoyed instant success winning the Birmingham & District AFA Senior Cup at the first attempt, Paget defeating Athletic Sparkhill in a thrilling final 6–5. In total three Premier Division clubs were defeated in the competition. Paget also came top of their league, pipping second-place Aston Reserves by a few points, to secure the AFA Division 2 title, and a double haul in their first season back.
Ground.
For the 2012–13 season Paget played home games at "The Gas Ground", Hollyfields Sports and Social, just off Paget Road in Erdington where the original club was formed. For the 2013–14 season Paget Rangers have agreed a ground share with Boldmere St Michaels. Originally named Church Road, the ground was renamed in 2004 after former Boldmere St Michaels chairman Trevor Brown. The ground's facilities have been upgraded since the mid-nineties to Southern League standard.
Honours.
The club has the following honours:

</doc>
<doc id="36858939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858939" title="Yea Chronicle">
Yea Chronicle

The Yea Chronicle is a weekly newspaper that circulates Wednesdays throughout the western region of the Murrindindi Shire in Victoria, Australia.
The newspaper started as The Yea Telegraph in October 1885. The name changed to The Yea Chronicle in 1890. An early owner was Frederick G. Purcell. It was later owned by Tom Dignam and who sold the paper to Ash and Fleur Long in 1984 and they in turn sold it to Geoff Heyes and Jenny Smith of Alexandra newspapers in May 1993. It currently has a circulation of 1050.

</doc>
<doc id="36858969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858969" title="C17H25NO3">
C17H25NO3

The molecular formula C17H25NO3 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36858992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858992" title="4th Super Robot Wars">
4th Super Robot Wars

The game is partially remade and divided into two parts on under the name on September 27, 1997 for the Sega Saturn and on December 10, 1998 for the PlayStation. The sequel, is released later on April 23, 1998 for the Sega Saturn and in April 15, 1999 for the PlayStation. The game is also became available for the PlayStation Network on July 6, 2011 (4 Scramble) and November 19, 2011 (Both F and F Final).
Gameplay.
Gameplay of 4th Super Robot Wars is literally similar to its predecessor, Super Robot Wars EX which uses battle sprites for animations. When a stage begins, the character receives introductory dialogue between playable characters, leading to the scenario on the battle field. To complete a scenario, the player must accomplish scenario objectives. Some scenarios are longer, with multi-part missions or have new objectives added as the story unfolds. On battle field, the player and enemy take turns to order their units with commands available, such as movement, attacking, forming squads and casting "Spirit Commands", a set of magic-like spells unique to each pilot. Once the scenario is cleared, more dialogue is exchanged between characters before the player is taken to an intermission menu. Here, units can be upgraded or optional parts installed, characters' stats and skills can be changed or upgraded, and other maintenance actions can be performed before the player continues on with the game.
Story.
Note: The story is from the Remake Version.
4 Months has passed since the Inspector Conflict, the Earth Sphere is once again in peace. But the increased number of terrorists that appeared throughout the world caused by the Divine Crusaders escalates, and put economic strains into the colonies which leads to some colonies in rebelling again the Earth Sphere. Brigander General Jamitov Hymem formed the group Titans to strengthen the army against the terrorists.
As Londo Bell returns from La Gaias after the events of EX, Bright Noah decides to leave his position for a while in search for Lieutenant Quarto Bajena, who went missing for unknown reasons. He parted with the Getter Team under the direction of John Kowen for his search and unravel some events happening in the current world. Things go to worse as Ondora Poseidal declared war on the surface world and even worse, the Divine Crusaders is revived by Neo Zeon Leader Haman Khan under the name Neue DC to take over the Earth Sphere.
With the war escalates, an unknown army from another galaxy called the Guests has arrived in the Earth Sphere lead by the United Solar System Army Commander, Teniquette Zezenan. The reveal themselves to be part of the Zovorg Alliance which is where the Inspectors originated. With no options left, the Londo Bell must initiate Operation Final with their last fight against the Zovorg for the survival of their planet.
Influence.
The game became a huge influence to future Super Robot Wars Games and also to some series that debuted in the game. The game itself marks the first appearance of Shin Getter Robo from the Getter Robo Go manga in any medium. The remake version also debuted the Mazinkaiser, an variant of the Mazinger Z created by Go Nagai before becoming its own series in 2001.
The storyline of 4/F/F Final is also been used in the Original Generation games, with the most notable being in 2nd Super Robot Wars Original Generation.
Reception.
Reception of the game is mostly positive, "Famicom Tsūshin" scored the Super Famicom version of the game a 31 out of 40.

</doc>
<doc id="36858999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36858999" title="Giammario Piscitella">
Giammario Piscitella

Giammario Piscitella (born 24 March 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays as a winger for Cittadella in the Serie B.
Biography.
As a graduate of reserve team, Piscitella signed a 5-year contract in May 2012. 30 July he was involved in the transfer of Mattia Destro (€16M) from Geona (€8.5M) and Siena (€7.5M), which Piscitella and Valerio Verre went to Genoa in co-ownership deal for €1.5 million each.
In June 2013 Roma bought back the two players (Verre tagged for €2.5M; Piscitella €1.5M) from Genoa for €1 million cash plus Panagiotis Tachtsidis. (who immediately swapped with Francesco Lodi, both 50% registration rights tagged for €3 million) On 1 July 2013 Piscitella left for Pescara for €1.5 million along with Matteo Politano for €500,000, as a direct swap for the return of Gianluca Caprari for €2 million. On 24 January 2014 Caprari returned to Pescara in a direct swap with Piscitella. On 30 January 2014 he was signed by Cittadella.

</doc>
<doc id="36859002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859002" title="Norfolk Ornithological Association">
Norfolk Ornithological Association

The Norfolk Ornithological Association owns a number of nature reserves in Norfolk. This ornithological society, founded in 1970, has its headquarters at the Holme Bird Observatory near Holme-next-the-Sea, which adjoining the Norfolk Wildlife Trust Holme Dunes reserve.
The organisation has a particular interest in migration, especially at sites near the coast like the Holme and Walsey Hills reserves, and the Holme observatory alone had ringed 50,000 birds of 300 species by its fiftieth anniversary in 2012. The Holme reserve has a range of different habitats and a number of nationally scarce plants. There is a regular moth trapping programme. The observatory is in the North Norfolk Coast Site of Special Scientific Interest, an area additionally protected through Natura 2000, Special Protection Area (SPA) and Ramsar listings, and part of the Norfolk Coast Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB).
The reserves.
The NOA owns or manages

</doc>
<doc id="36859021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859021" title="Justo Justo">
Justo Justo

Justo Justo was a Filipino columnist and Pasay City Councilor. He was known as a flamboyant AIDS activist. 
Early life.
Panfilo C. Justo, widely known as Justo C. Justo or simply JJ, came from a poor family in the sitio of Manlumay, Leyte. He was born to Francisco Justo Sr. and Ma. Lourdes Milagros Cagoco on September 21, 1941. JJ sold local delicacies to support his elementary education. As a consistent honor student he graduated as valedictorian of the Barangay Palarao Elementary School. His father wanted him to become a lawyer, but after his early death JJ had to take care of his younger brother Francisco Jr. (Frank) and sister Edith.
Career.
JJ enrolled at the Rizal Central Colleges in Pasay City to pursue his high school education. They left Leyte when he was in third year at the Calubian High School.
JJ sold roasted corn and lugaw to support his studies. He finished high school as Most Outstanding Graduate.
JJ's boyhood hobbies included sketching men’s and ladies apparel, writing both poetry and prose, including Visayan lyrics for popular American songs. 
His stepfather Cecilio Pamintuan, novelist and movie writer, gave JJ his first training in journalism. He was later encouraged and helped in his writing by novelists Rico Bello Omagap, Orlando Nadres and Pablo Gomez. 
In 1968 he joined the staff of the former newspaper "Philippine Sun", which allowed him to develop his controversial writing style. He was the first to be published using swardspeak.
JJ founded Pasay Aids Watch and Information Drive (PAWID), and used his own foundation JJ Barangayan (Phils.) Foundation, Inc. to fight against the spread of AIDS. 
Justo used to host a television program titled "Etchos Lang," and gained attention for the cause when he convinced AIDS victim Sarah Jane Salazar to share her story to the public.
He also played a leading part in the establishment of the "Home for the Golden Gays", a retirement home for homosexuals such as Walter Dempster.
Political life.
JJ was among the first media celebrities to make the transition to public office. 
He started his career in the political arena as a Kagawad and later became a barangay chairman in 1987. 
He became a councilor of Pasay City in the 1980s, and completed three terms. 
Personal life.
He married Adela, by whom he had two daughters, Maria Louela Justo-Galvez and Ma. Milagros Justo-Miyazawa.
Death.
Justo died on May 18, 2012, at the Philippine General Hospital. 
He had been bedridden for a year with spinal column problems due to diabetes. 
His remains were interred at Golden Haven Memorial, Las Piñas.

</doc>
<doc id="36859051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859051" title="Whitfield (surname)">
Whitfield (surname)

Whitfield is a surname of Olde English and Anglo-Saxon origins. 

</doc>
<doc id="36859067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859067" title="Lys Gomis">
Lys Gomis

Lys Gomis (born 6 October 1989) is an Italian-born Senegalese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie B side Trapani, on loan from Torino.
Career.
Early career.
He began his career with the Torino youth system, playing in all the youth teams before graduating to the primavera (under-19 side). He was subsequently loaned to Lega Pro side SPAL without collecting any appearances. In 2010–11, he was loaned to Casale in Lega Pro, managing 14 appearances. He remained at Torino throughout the 2011–12 Serie B campaign as third-choice goalkeeper.
In the 2012–13 season, he once again remained at Torino, but as second-choice to Jean-François Gillet. In January 2013 he was loaned to Ascoli in Serie B, where he collected 6 appearances. In 2013–14 Serie A he remained at Torino due to the suspension of Gillet in the pre-season. However, he remained second-choice after the arrival of Daniele Padelli. Gomis made his debut in Serie A on 30 November 2013, replacing an injured Padelli at halftime against Genoa (1–1).
International career.
Gomis was called up by Senegal for a friendly match against Mali on 5 March 2014.
Personal life.
Gomis is son of Senegalese immigrants in Italy residing in Cuneo and formally obtained Italian citizenship on 11 July 2012. He has two younger brothers that are goalkeepers and under contract to Torino; Alfred Gomis currently playing for Crotone in Serie B; and Maurice Gomis who is part of Torino youth team.

</doc>
<doc id="36859083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859083" title="Mason Durie">
Mason Durie

Mason Durie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36859096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859096" title="Loch (disambiguation)">
Loch (disambiguation)

Loch is the Scottish Gaelic and Irish word for a lake or a sea inlet.
Loch may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36859103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859103" title="Monique Drost">
Monique Drost

Monique Drost (born 8 October 1964) is a retired Dutch swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1981 European Aquatics Championships. She also competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics in the 100 m freestyle. 
Monique is the younger sister of Olympic swimmers Frank Drost and Peter Drost. After retiring from competitive swimming she worked as a swimming coach.

</doc>
<doc id="36859110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859110" title="Cooley (surname)">
Cooley (surname)

Cooley is a surname of Anglo-Saxon and Irish origin.

</doc>
<doc id="36859113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859113" title="FV Margiris">
FV Margiris

FV "Margiris", is the world's second largest fishing boat. It is a super trawler and factory ship.
In 2012, Seafish Tasmania brought the ship (then named the Abel Tasman) to Australia. She was originally authorized to catch a quota of 18,000 tonnes of jack mackerel and redbait along the southern shores of the country. After protests against her use by environmental and fishing industry groups, the Australian government passed legislation prohibiting the trawler from fishing in Australian waters for two years. For this reason, Seafish Tasmania subsequently sold its stake in the vessel to Dutch company Parlevliet & Van der Plas. On March 6, 2013, after six months moored in Australian waters, she left Port Lincoln, having reassumed her original name of "Margiris."
After leaving Australian waters, the vessel passed through Cook Strait, New Zealand on March 20, 2013. She was now flagged to Lithuania and owned by Atlantic High Sea Fishing Company.
Margiris arrived in Port of Penco, Chile on April 7, 2013. The vessel did not berth and steamed out of the bay to fish.

</doc>
<doc id="36859117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859117" title="Karl-Friedrich Scheufele">
Karl-Friedrich Scheufele

Karl-Friedrich Scheufele (born February 5, 1958) is Co-President of Chopard and he is in charge of the Chopard Manufacture in Fleurier, Switzerland, the men watches division and all business management aspects. Together with his younger sister Caroline Scheufele he overlooks marketing, advertising and communication for the company.
He was born in 1958 in Germany and grew up in the city of Pforzheim, where he lived until the age of 15. In 1963 his family took over the Geneva-based watch manufacture Chopard. At the age of 15, Karl-Friedrich left Germany to become a boarder at Geneva’s International School. He served an apprenticeship with a Geneva jeweller, before studying at the Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales in Lausanne. Back in Geneva after a period spent travelling, he joined the family company, spending successive periods in all departments.
His passion for classic and vintage cars for instance lead to the company’s sponsorship of the famous Mille Miglia car rally, in which he has taken part since 1988, and the prestigious Grand Prix de Monaco Historique. Karl-Friedrich is known for his collector’s instinct and his preference for high quality objects. Over the years, he has patiently built up his personal collection of mechanical clocks and watches including pieces of both historical and technical interest which retrace the evolution of the House of Chopard.
In 1996, his vision became reality when he founded the Chopard Manufacture in Fleurier and thus renewed the company’s ties with its tradition as a manufacture of mechanical movements.
Karl-Friedrich is an enthusiastic wine connoisseur, a passion from which emerged another successful business idea : « Le Caveau de Bacchus » Under this name three exclusive wine shops opened in Geneva, Lausanne and Gstaad.
Karl Friedrich Scheufele, together with his wife Christine, acquired the Chateau Monestier La Tour in January 2012, a major wine estate in the region of Bergerac, through the « Galerie des Arts du Vin France » headquartered in Geneva. The wine estate comprises over 100 hectares including 30 hectares of vineyards of the Bergerac AOC appellation.

</doc>
<doc id="36859118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859118" title="John S. Latsis Public Benefit Foundation">
John S. Latsis Public Benefit Foundation

The John S. Latsis Public Benefit Foundation, an independent, non profit organization, was established in 2005 with the aim of undertaking and supporting a variety of public benefit activities in the areas of science, education, culture, arts, social welfare, environmental protection etc. in Greece and abroad. 
It is named after the late John Latsis (1910-2003), a Greek tycoon, whose various entrepreneurial activities in Greece and other countries all over the world were accompanied by public benefit work. 
As mentioned in its website "the John S. Latsis Public Benefit Foundation invests significant time and thought in determining the projects where its funds will have the greatest multiplier benefit.".

</doc>
<doc id="36859134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859134" title="Lancia Esadelta">
Lancia Esadelta

Lancia Esadelta is an Italian truck produced from 1959 to 1971.
History.
The predecessor was the Lancia Esatau truck and the successor the Fiat 684.
This truck had many versions used in European countries especially in Italy.
Technical characteristics.
The maximum speed of the truck is 67 km/h. The transmission is 4x2 - 6x2/2 and had a 6 cylinder diesel engine.
Versions.
Lancia Esadelta A<br>
Lancia Esadelta B<br>
Lancia Esadelta C

</doc>
<doc id="36859149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859149" title="El Sevilla">
El Sevilla

Miguel Ángel Rodríguez Jiménez (born 10 June 1970 in San Juan de Aznalfarache, Seville, Spain) aka El Sevilla is a Spanish actor and the lead singer of the comedy rock band Mojinos Escozios. He is also a contributor on radio programs on Cadena 100 and National Spanish Radio.
Career.
Mojinos escozios.
In 1994, he created the rock band, Mojinos Escozios, when he met the other members, Vidal Barja Sr., Vidal Barja Jr., Juan Ramón Artero, and Juan Carlos Barja, in Mollet del Vallés, Barcelona. The group has sold more than 2 millions albums and performed over 450 concerts in Spain. They have released 12 albums.
Radio.
He has his own program on Spanish radio station Cadena 100 titled "La junla" hosted by José Antonio Abellán; and another with the famous program "Afectos Matinales" on National Spanish Radio with Jordi Tuñón and Queralt Flotats.
He was the center of some controversy for comments made on "La junla" "Sálvame's" Jorge Javier Vázquez. Vázquez sued Rodriguez for defamation and was awarded €250.00. However, Vazquez was actually only compensated with 10.000 €.
Television.
El Sevilla has appeared on several television programs such as Andreu Buenafuente's "La cosa nostra", Jesús Vazquez's "La central" and as an anchorman on "La noche de Fuentes y Cía." by Manel Fuentes. He also made cameos on others productions, including "Plats bruts", "7 Vidas", "Los Lunnis" and "Land Rober", and was a panel judge on "Gente de primera".
In February 2010 he appeared as a contestant on "¡Más que baile!" over Jorge Javier Vazquez's protests. The episode was controversial due to some alleged favouritism toward one of the participants, Belén Esteban: Despite her poor rehearsal and performance, she won.

</doc>
<doc id="36859166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859166" title="Juan Miguel López">
Juan Miguel López

Juan Miguel López (born 7 April 1967) is a Cuban former track and field athlete who specialised in the triple jump.
He won bronze at the 1989 IAAF World Indoor Championships, silver at the 1989 Central American and Caribbean Championships and silver at the 1990 Central American and Caribbean Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36859170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859170" title="Snap (horse)">
Snap (horse)

Snap (1750 – July 1777) was a Thoroughbred racehorse who won all four of his races. After retiring from racing he became a successful stallion. He was Champion sire four times and his progeny included the undefeated Goldfinder.
Background.
Snap was a brown colt foaled in 1750. Bred by Cuthbert Routh and Lord Portmore, as a yearling he was valued at £70. Snap's sire was Snip, a son of the undefeated Flying Childers. His dam was a sister to Slipby and a daughter to Fox. He was sold to Jenison Shafto when Cuthbert Routh died in 1752.
Racing career.
Snap's first race came in the spring of 1756 at Newmarket, where he beat Marske to win 1000 guineas. Both horses were carrying ten stone in weight. In the following meeting at Newmarket he again beat Marske for 1000 guineas off level weights, after starting as the 1/10 favourite he won easily. Snap beat Farmer and Music to win the £100 Free Plate, which was run in four mile heats. The Free Plate was run at York, his only race away from Newmarket. His fourth and final race came at Newmarket in April 1757, where he beat Sweepstakes to win 1000 guineas.
Stud career.
After his final race Snap was sent to Kenton, Northumberland to replace his sire Snip at stud. He became a leading sire and was Champion sire in 1767, 1768, 1769 and 1771. His progeny included Latham's Snap and the undefeated Goldfinder. His was also the broodmare sire of Epsom Derby winners Assassin and Sir Peter Teazle. Sir Peter Teazle also went on to become a 10-time Champion sire. Snap died in July 1777 at West Wratting in Cambridgeshire, where he had been standing at stud since 1767. In total he sired winners of over 260 races worth over £90,000
Pedigree.
"Note: b. = Bay, blk. = Black, br. = Brown", gr. = Grey

</doc>
<doc id="36859179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859179" title="Sergey Meladze">
Sergey Meladze

Sergey Meladze (born 1 April 1980) is a Paralympic powerlifter set to compete for Turkmenistan at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. He won a bronze medal in powerlifting at the 2010 Asian Para Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36859182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859182" title="Rowing at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's single sculls">
Rowing at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's single sculls

The men's single sculls competition at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich took place from August 27 – September 2 at the Olympic Reggatta Course in Oberschleißheim.
Results.
Heats.
Winner of each of the three heats (green) qualify to the semifinal round, remainder goes to the repechage.
Repechage.
Top three finishers in each heat qualify to the semifinal round.
Semifinals.
Semifinal A/B.
First three qualify to the Final A, remainder to Final B.

</doc>
<doc id="36859202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859202" title="William O'Sullivan">
William O'Sullivan

William O'Sullivan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36859208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859208" title="Caroline Scheufele">
Caroline Scheufele

Caroline Scheufele (legally Caroline Gruosi-Scheufele, born December 14, 1961 in Pforzheim, Germany) is a German business woman. She is the Artistic Director and Co-President of Chopard, the Swiss-based luxury watches and jewellery manufacturer. As Artistic Director and Head of the Creation and Design department at Chopard, Scheufele is responsible for the High Jewellery division, for the design and creation of jewels and ladies’ watches as well as for fragrances and accessories. Scheufele is also in charge of the international retail business.
Career.
Caroline Scheufele was born in 1961 in Pforzheim, Germany to a family of watch dealers. In 1963 her family took over the Geneva-based watch manufacture Chopard, and over the following years they traveled back and forth between Germany and Switzerland. At the age of 12 Caroline moved to Switzerland in order to study at Geneva’s International School. She decided to join the family business immediately after obtaining her diploma, while being enrolled in classes in Design and Gemmology.
In 1985, she created the Happy Diamonds jewelry collection, a Chopard jewellery line that is based on the idea of enabling diamonds to shine more brightly by freeing them from their retaining settings and enabling them to move about freely. In 2006, the Red Carpet Collection was created: sixty unique high jewellery pieces were launched on the occasion of the 60th Cannes Film Festival.
Together with her older brother Karl-Friedrich, she oversees marketing, advertising and communication for the Chopard brand. She is constantly traveling the globe, visiting Chopard boutiques and discovering new locations to expand the network. Scheufele is also behind Chopard’s collaboration with the Cannes Film Festival. 
In January 2012, Scheufele lost a £1 million emerald ring in a hotel bathroom in Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="36859217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859217" title="Evans Bradshaw">
Evans Bradshaw

Evans Bradshaw (1933 – November 17, 1978) was an American jazz pianist. Born in Memphis, Tennessee, Bradshaw learned piano from an early age and was playing in his father's band by the age of 12. He moved to New York City in 1958 and recorded two albums for the Riverside label. Following these two albums Bradshaw never recorded again.

</doc>
<doc id="36859228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859228" title="Marcio Fernandes">
Marcio Fernandes

Marcio Miguel Da Costa Fernandes (born 18 May 1983) is a Paralympic athlete set to represent Cape Verde at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. He was born in Portugal to Cape Verdean parents. He lost his leg in a car accident at age 10. He is the first Cape Verdean athlete to participate at a Paralympic Games on merit rather than invitation.

</doc>
<doc id="36859231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859231" title="Nicaragua at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Nicaragua at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Nicaragua competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36859238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859238" title="Mauritania at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Mauritania at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Mauritania competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36859247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859247" title="Sierra Leone at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Sierra Leone at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Sierra Leone competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36859255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859255" title="Hayters Hill Nature Reserve">
Hayters Hill Nature Reserve

Hayters Hill is a forest remnant of 8 hectares, located on high ground near Byron Bay, in the easternmost part of Australia. It was once part of the Big Scrub rainforest. 

</doc>
<doc id="36859278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859278" title="Bedi Mahal">
Bedi Mahal

Bedi Mahal is a palace situated in Kallar Syedan, Rawalpindi District, Punjab, Pakistan. The palace was built by Sikh Khem Singh Bedi in the later half of the 19th century. After the division of India and Pakistan, it was turned into a high school; now it is in ruins.

</doc>
<doc id="36859284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859284" title="2012–13 Iran Futsal's 1st Division">
2012–13 Iran Futsal's 1st Division

The 2012–13 Iranian Futsal 1st Division will be divided into two phases.
The league will also be composed of 16 teams divided into two divisions of 8 teams each, whose teams will be divided geographically. Teams will play only other teams in their own division, once at home and once away for a total of 14 matches each.
Teams.
Play Off.
After the Maku Javan withdrew from league, Football Association decided to hold a playoff game between the two teams that won 3rd place in their group in the 2012 2nd Division.

</doc>
<doc id="36859286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859286" title="Balearic green toad">
Balearic green toad

The Balearic green toad ("Bufo balearicus", "Bufotes balearicus", or "Pseudepidalea balearica") is a toad belonging to the true toad family Bufonidae. It is a low-land species but can be found as high as asl in central Italy.
Distribution.
In spite of the name, this species is native to Italy (where it is present on all territories except for the extreme north-east and south-west) and Corsica. It was probably introduced to the Balearic Islands in prehistoric times, where it is common but declining.
Taxonomy.
Once considered the same as "Bufo viridis", molecular genetic data now firmly support its status as a separate species.

</doc>
<doc id="36859287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859287" title="Gershom Stewart">
Gershom Stewart

Sir Gershom Stewart KBE (30 December 1857 – 5 December 1929) was a Scottish-born British businessman in Hong Kong who became a Conservative Party politician in England. He was a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong, and after his return to the United Kingdom he sat in the House of Commons from 1910 to 1923, as the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Wirral division of Cheshire.
A persistent opponent of Irish Home Rule, Stewart was one of the minority of Conservative MPs who opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty in 1921. He was also one of the "Diehard Conservatives" who in late 1922 forced the end of the Lloyd George-led coalition government with the Liberals.
Early life.
Stewart was born in Greenock in Scotland, the son of Andrew Stewart and his wife Margaret (née Leitch), but grew up in England on the Wirral. He was educated at Mostyn House school, and at Bishop Vesey's Grammar School in Sutton Coldfield.
Business.
Stewart's first employment was in Liverpool in the East India trade. In 1882 he went to China to work for the Hong Kong and Shanghai Bank, but set up in business on his own in 1899. He became a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and chairman of the China Association. In 1906 he represented Hong King at the Conference of the Chambers of Commerce of The Empire in London. In the same year he retired to England, taking residence in Hoylake on the Wirral with his wife Henrietta (1876–1946), who he had married in 1904.
Political career.
1910 election.
At the general election in January 1910 Stewart stood as the Conservative candidate for the Wirral, a seat which had been held by the Conservatives from its creation in 1885 until won by the Liberals in 1906. The sitting Liberal MP was the industrialist William Lever, who did not stand again, and the Liberal candidate was Edward Jones.
Stewart was a strong supporter of Tariff Reform, a cause which was popular in that area,
and the campaign was strongly contested on both sides, with both candidates benefiting from a lot of support from Liverpool and the other large towns in Lancashire.
Stewart won the seat with a majority of 1,447 (7.6%), and held it at the December 1910 election with an increased majority of 2,316 (13.0%).
In Parliament.
In Parliament supported establishing sugar beet cultivation in the United Kingdom, and in 1911 he was one of several MPs to be a founding vice-president of the Incorporated English Beet Sugar Pioneer Association.
In January 1912, Stewart was the principal speaker at a public meeting in Flixton opposing Irish Home Rule.
In May that year, he wanted to speak in the Commons in the second reading debate on the Home Rule Bill, but was not called by the speaker.
After the signing of the Anglo-Irish Treaty in December 1921, which concluded the Irish War of Independence and led to the establishment of the Irish Free State in 26 of Ireland's 32 counties, Stewart was one of 58 MPs who voted against ratifying the treaty.
In Fenruary 1922, he was one of 45 MPs from Great Britain to vote against the second reading of the Irish Free State (Agreement) Bill, which gave legal effect to the treaty.
He also opposed the suffragist movement, and was listed as a Parliamentary supporter of the National League for Opposing Woman Suffrage.
His constituency adjoined the Port of Liverpool, and Stewart took an interest in maritime issues. In 1913 he supported legislation against dangerous deckloads such as locomotives, which could break lose in a storm,
and in 1918 he successfully lobbied for the expenses of repatriating merchant seamen being released from enemy countries to be paid by public funds.
In August 1913, he proposed using funds from the Boxer Indemnity to establish a British university in central China.
During the Great War, he was one of a group of 8 MPs who visited the Western Front in December 1915, and wrote an account of his visit for "The Times" newspaper.
In February 1916 he was appointed to a committee to advise the Board of Trade on matters arising under the Trading with the Enemy Amendment Act 1906,
and in 1917 he became a member of the Unionist war Committee,
joining its Enemy Influence Sub-committee.
Post-war elections.
Stewart was re-elected unopposed at the 1918 general election, standing as a Coalition Conservative. He held his seat at the 1922 general election in a three-cornered contest with 51% of the votes, a majority of 4,874 (19.3%) over his Liberal opponent Stephen Roxby Dodds. The Labour Party candidate came a poor third. At the next general election, in 1923, Labour did not field a candidate in the Wirral. "The Times" noted that Stewart's 1922 majority of 4,874 was little higher than the Labour vote of 4,363, and expecting Labour voters to support the Liberal candidate it predicted a close finish, but expected that Stewart would be returned. However, the Wirral was no exception to the nationwide pattern of a large swing to the Liberals, and Dodds won the seat with a majority of 1,840 votes (7.2%).
In Stanley Baldwin's resignation honours announced in February 1924, Stewart was made a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE), "for colonial and imperilal services".
The title was conferred at a ceremony on 7 March 1924, in the throne room of Buckingham Palace.
Stewart died aged 72 on 5 December 1929, at his home in Sloane Street, London. His funeral was held on 9 December at Holy Trinity Church on Sloane Street.
His estate was valued at £71,834 (net).

</doc>
<doc id="36859292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859292" title="Carl McHugh">
Carl McHugh

Carl Gerard McHugh (born 5 February 1993) is an Irish professional footballer who plays for English club Plymouth Argyle. Primarily a central defender, McHugh can also play as a left back.
Club career.
Early career.
Born in Lettermacaward, County Donegal, McHugh signed a scholarship with English club Reading at the age of 16. McHugh spent loan spells at Swindon Supermarine and Dundalk. McHugh spent one year as a professional at Reading before being released in the summer of 2012.
Bradford City.
McHugh signed for Bradford City in August 2012. He made his professional debut for Bradford City on 28 August 2012, in a League Cup match against Watford. He made his debut in The Football League on 27 October 2012, coming on as a substitute in the 1–0 defeat away at Burton Albion.
In November, he starred and scored an equalising header for Bradford City in their FA Cup victory over Northampton Town. Earlier that month, McHugh had been praised by his manager for his performance against Wigan Athletic in the League Cup, and he later commented that his recent spell of first-team games had been a "huge learning curve" for him. McHugh's performances have been praised by team-mate Rory McArdle.
Following Bradford City's elimination of Aston Villa in the League Cup semi-final, McHugh was photographed waving the flag of his native county on the pitch at Villa Park. He later said, "That was the highlight of the night for me. Back in Bradford they might have thought it was the Irish flag, but they know now that it is the Donegal flag." In the run-up to the 2013 Football League Cup Final, which McHugh played in, he was cited as an "unsung hero" of the Bradford City team. In the latter stages of the 2012–13 season, McHugh began to be played more as a left back. In June 2013, McHugh was praised by former Bradford City left-back Wayne Jacobs. In July 2013, McHugh signed a new one-year contract with Bradford City, and later that month he spoke about his fight to become a first-team member in the forthcoming season.
In November 2013 McHugh publicly spoke about his lack of first-team football. By 17 January 2014, however, he had played 3 of the club's last 4 games, and he credited a sports psychologist for helping him regain his first-team spot.
Plymouth Argyle.
On 16 June 2014, McHugh signed a two-year contract with Plymouth Argyle.
International career.
Having previously played for them at under-17 and under-19 levels, McHugh was called up to the Republic of Ireland under-21 squad in January 2013. He made his debut for the U21s on 6 February 2013, appearing as a second-half substitute in a 3–0 victory over the Netherlands. McHugh was recalled to the Irish under-21 squad in March 2013, and he earned a second cap for the under-21s on 25 March 2013. He was re-called to the U21 squad in October 2013 for two Euro Championship qualifiers.
Personal life.
McHugh played Gaelic football for Na Rossa, where he was coached by All-Ireland winner Declan Bonner. He is a close friend of Donegal Gaelic footballer Patrick McBrearty. McHugh's footballing hero is Shay Given, who also comes from Donegal.

</doc>
<doc id="36859304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859304" title="Cala d’en Serra">
Cala d’en Serra

Cala d’en Serra is a beach in the northern part of the Spanish island of Ibiza. It is in the municipality of Sant Joan de Labritja and is north of the village of Sant Joan de Labritja, and east of the beach resort of Portinatx.
The beach of "Cala d’en Serra" is a small horseshoe bay with a further satellite coves near by. The sandy beach has clean clear water and was once named in "The Guardian" newspaper, one of Europe’s best beaches. The bay is surrounded by steep cliffs.
The Abandoned Hotel.
This building project was started in 1969 by acclaimed Catalan Architect Josep Lluís Sert, who was exiled in the United States at the time, was planned to be a luxury hotel resort complex. "Sert’s" clerk of works, "Antonio Ferran" signed off on his projects back in Catalonia to get around the fact that Spain's fascist government ensured that Sert himself could not be accredited as an architect in the Catalonia & Balearic islands region. By the middle of the 1970s a lot of work had already been completed but project was put on hold, and then abandoned completely after "Sert" died of lung cancer in 1983.<br> 
In the years following "Sert’s" death there have been many proposals and heated debates over what should be done with the half finished project. Many islanders consider the half constructed hotel a blight on an area of outstanding natural beauty while others see the project as an important piece of cultural heritage, since "Sert" has now been elevated to one of Catalonia's most acclaimed architects. In the year 2000 plans were drawn up to complete the complex in the style intended by "Sert", for use as an exclusive tourist attraction and Thalassotherapy centre. These plans were also eventually abandoned, mainly due to the world banking crisis and the subsequent downturn in the island tourist economy.

</doc>
<doc id="36859309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859309" title="Filipinophile">
Filipinophile

Filipinophilia is interest, love, or admiration of the Philippines or Filipino culture. A person who has this interest or the like is a Filipinophile.
The word was derived from the word "Filipino" which was coined by the Spanish explorer Ruy López de Villalobos, who named the islands "las Islas Filipinas" ("the Philippine Islands") after Philip II of Spain whom he served.
History.
Antonio Pigafetta was one of the first Europeans to ever set foot in the Philippines. He listed and documented many of his sightings of the islands as he and other Spanish explore the islands. He included vast plains, mountains, and jungles that fascinated him. He later learns of the native culture and languages, and the first European to taste and eat kare-kare. 
Ruy López de Villalobos was a Spanish explorer who sailed the Pacific from Mexico to establish a permanent foothold for Spain in the East Indies. On January 6, 1543, several small islands on the same latitude were seen, and named them Los Jardines (The Gardens) after his own linking of the place. In 1571 Spanish conquistador Miguel López de Legazpi founded the Manila in what today is Intramuros. Impressed by the sight of a prosperous city near a river, Legaspi eventually made Manila the capital of the Philippine Islands, which Spain would control for over three centuries.
Martín de Rada, a member of the Order of Saint Augustine, is much remembered as a great defender of the Filipino people against the lack of justice of Spanish officials at the local level. A key document in this matter was his Parescer del Provincial fray Martin de Rada, agostino, sobre las coasa de estas tieras ("About the abuses committed against the natives in the collection of tributes"), dated at Manila, June 21, 1575.
Frank Laubach, an Evangelical Christian missionary and mystic known as "The Apostle to the Illiterates", came to the Philippines to teach his "Each One Teach One" program. He showed a deep interest in the Philippines and Filipino culture when he wrote a biography of the Filipino national hero, "José Rizal: Man and Martyr", published in Manila in 1936. He also translated the hero's valedictory poem, "Mi Ultimo Adios" (My Last Farewell.) His version is ranked second in ideas, content, rhyme and style among the 35 English translations in a collection. He also studied Maranao culture, commenting that " The Moros of Lake Lanao have amazingly rich literature, all the more amazing since it exists only in the memories of the people and had just begun to be recorded in writing. It consists of lyric and poetry with the epic greatly predominating."
William Henry Scott was a historian of the Gran Cordillera Central and Prehispanic Philippines, who wrote many books about the country. In 1994, the Ateneo de Manila University posthumously gave Scott the Tanglaw ng Lahi Award for a lifetime "spent in teaching not only in the classroom, but also the outside world by means of the broad reaches of his contacts and communication, and most of all through his hundreds of published scholarly articles and inspirationals which continue to disseminate and teach honest Philippine history to succeeding generations of Filipinos."
During the filming of "The Bourne Legacy", actress Rachel Weisz admitted of being amazed of Palawan, saying that "can live in Palawan forever!" during the shooting in El Nido, Palawan. Jun Juban, of the Philippine Film Studios Inc., told reporters during the weekly news forum at Annabel's restaurant in Quezon City that Weisz was amazed at Palawan's beauty. But she also shows deep concern with poverty in the Philippines after presumably seeing — and experiencing — the renowned banal impoverishment that blankets much of the country. In an interview with ANC, theatre actor John Arcilla said he had a conversation with Weisz, who was deeply concerned with what she had observed in the country. "Every break [I have conversations with Rachel and she's more concerned with the poverty in the Philippines. She's asking if the people in the squatters area on the side are just numbers of poor people in the Philippines or are there more. did not hesitate to tell her that there are a lot… and asked are these the poorest[?] I said no they’re not the poorest," Arcilla related.
Sports.
Manny Pacquiao is a Filipino boxer who rose to fame after winning eight-division world titles. He was named "Fighter of the Decade" for the 2000s (decade) by the Boxing Writers Association of America (BWAA), World Boxing Council (WBC) and World Boxing Organization (WBO). He is also a three-time "The Ring" and BWAA "Fighter of the Year," winning the award in 2006, 2008 and 2009, and the Best Fighter ESPY Award in 2009 and 2011. Bob Arum, long time boxing promoters, named Manny Pacquiao as the "Pound for Pound King", and has gained his support in fights. 
When Pacquiao was allegedly defeated by Timothy Bradley in the 19th of June, 2012, Arum orders an investigation of the match which he believes wasn't right. Arum said in a press conference, "I want to investigate whether there was any undue influence, whether the Athletic Commission gave any particular instruction and how they came to this conclusion", in spite of being adamant at the post-fight news conference that the result was due to judging errors and not the result of anything suspicious. "The whole sport is in an uproar. People are going crazy." His investigations however were panned by the Nevada State Athletic Commission. Naseer Soomro, 26 years old who was named The Tallest Man in the World in his age category admitted that he is an avid fan of Pacquiao. "I Love You Filipino! Mabuhay Filipino! Mabuhay Pacquiao!", says Naseer as he cheers and meets Pacquiao for the first time.
Martial arts.
Eskrima, also known as Kali, is a famous weapons based martial art which comes from the Philippines. It consists of weapon-based fighting with sticks, knives and other bladed weapons, and various improvised weapons including hand-to-hand combat and weapon disarming techniques. Bruce Lee shows Eskrima of which he learned from his Filipino student and friend Dan Inosanto in the film Game of Death. Where Bruce Lee faced Dan Inosanto in one of the featured battles with masters of different martial arts as he climbs the tower. This is one of the films that first brought Eskrima to popular international attention.
Wars.
In 1901, U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt established a naval base in the Philippines at Subic Bay, on territory won from Spain during the Spanish–American War in order to protect the islands from light of Japan's growing military might in the Pacific region and increasing political unrest in China, knowing of its power reaching the Philippines. He managed to create it even with opposition from Leonard Wood, governor-general of the Philippines, and various military leaders. After the Second World War, Subic Bay's strategic importance was recognized. The harbor became a service port for U.S. forces during the Vietnam War in order to bridge the gap between the U.S. and Vietnam.
In World War II, after the attack on Pearl Harbor, General Douglas MacArthur was put in charge of the Philippines where he had to defend the islands against an attack by the Japanese. He eventually lived a great amount of time in the Philippines where he admired the country. In March 11, 1942, he was forced to leave the islands when the Japanese overrun Corregidor. Although reluctant to leave, he promised the Filipino people that he would free them and finally make the U.S.A. promise of independence. He finally launched an invasion in Leyte.
In the Korean War, Major General Robert Soule was impressed by the Filipinos during the Battle of Yultong Bridge that he put many under his command, commenting that the fighting Filipinos is the best allied unit in his command.
Literature.
Robert A. Heinlein is a famous American author who published his science-fiction masterpiece Starship Troopers. Heinlein made many references to Filipino culture and the Philippines in the eyes of his character Juan Rico, who is a Filipino youth turned soldier.
Jose Garcia Villa was a Filipino poet and a National Artist for Literature. He is known for introducing the "reversed consonance rime scheme", as well as for "comma poems" that made full use of the punctuation mark in an innovative way. His first collection of poetry, "Have Come, Am Here", in which he introduced reversed consonance, was published in the U.S. in 1942 to critical acclaim. He introduced his comma poems in another collection called "Volume Two", which was nominated for the Bollingen Prize in 1949. Other collections of Villa's poems include "Selected Poems and New", published in 1958, which gathers his works between 1937 and 1957; "Poems 55", published in the Philippines by Alberto Florentino in 1962; and "Appasionata: Poems in Praise of Love", a collection of love poems published in 1979. According to "Asiaweek" magazine, "In a world of English-language poetry dominated by British and Americans, Villa stood out for the ascetic brilliance of his poetry and for his national origin."
Politics.
In March 16, 1900, the Taft Commission was created by U.S. President William McKinley. McKinley wanted to hasten the transition of the Philippine military government into a civil one after the bloody Philippine insurgeny and the fall of economy, which he felt can be fixed and renewed by the use of education of the Filipino people. The first law it passed set aside P2 million for the construction of treads and bridges. From September 1900 to August 1902, the Commission was able to enact 440 pieces of legislation for the Philippines. In 1903, William H. Taft was given the seat to the Supreme Court, but he reluctantly declined since he viewed the Filipinos as not yet being capable of governing themselves, because of his popularity among them, and in the hope of making the Philippines into a powerful democratic territory. This decision was one among many in Taft's career which demonstrated a compulsive dedication to the job at hand, without regard to his self-interest.
A known Filipino is Carlos P. Romulo who was the 1st Asian President of the United Nations Assembly. He began a career as a diplomat at the United Nations. As a signatory of the charter forming the United Nations in 1945, he spoke the famous line, "Let us make this floor the last battlefield" at the first General Assembly. There was at first silence, but then he received a standing ovation—the only one given to any speaker at the conference. A famous historic scene in the UN happened when Andrei Vishinsky, chief of the Soviet delegation, dismissed him as a "little man from a little country," Romulo was undeterred, fighting he said "like David, slinging pebbles of truth between the eyes of blustering Goliaths." Dubbed by his colleagues "Mr. United Nations," he was elected president of the United Nations General Assembly in 1949—the first Asian to hold the position—and served as president of UN Security Council four times, in 1981, in 1980 and twice in 1957.
Food.
Chef Cristeta Comerford is famous for being the White House Executive Chef since 2005 who was known for serving President George W. Bush and continues on to serve President Barack Obama and his family. She stated that she served Bush and her family Filipino cuisine such as adobo and bulalo, which the family liked to eat. Will Smith himself said that he loves Filipino foods.
Music.
Freddie Aguilar, known for his song "Anak", not only broke the Philippine record charts in 1979, but it also hit no. 1 spot in Japan and achieved considerable popularity in other countries such as Indonesia, Malaysia, Hong Kong, and parts of Western Europe.
The song has become so famous that, by some counts, it has been recorded in as many as a hundred versions in 23 languages throughout the world. Billboard reported that the song was the number two world hit of the 1980s. As of 2006, it was unsurpassed as the highest-selling record of Philippine music history.
Other famous Filipino musicians are Allan Pineda Lindo, Jr. better known as apl.de.ap. Jessica Sanchez who is famous for being part of American Idol season eleven, whose performance of Buddy Holly's "It Doesn't Matter Anymore" got a standing ovation from the three judges. Randy Jackson was astonished by Jessica's performance, In the semi-finals, Sanchez performed Jennifer Hudson's "Love You I Do" from the film "Dreamgirls" where she got the only standing ovation of the evening from the three judges. Jackson called it "one of the best of the last two nights". Jennifer Lopez stated, "the whole thing is really really so beyond your years". Steven Tyler commended her "exceptional timing" and added, "Your voice is perfect, your pitch is perfect." When she was going to be voted out, all three judges decided to save her from elimination, stating that she has "potential".
Lea Salonga, is a Filipina lyric mezzo-soprano singer and actress who starred in the lead role of Kim in the musical Miss Saigon, for which she won the Olivier, Tony, Drama Desk, Outer Critics and Theatre World awards. She was also the first Asian to play the roles of Éponine and Fantine in the musical Les Misérables on Broadway. She also provided the singing voice of two official Disney Princesses: Jasmine in Aladdin (1992), and Fa Mulan in Mulan (1998) and Mulan II (2004). She was named a Disney Legend in 2011 for her work with the company.
Charice Pempengco, is another Filipino singer who rose to popularity through YouTube. Dubbed by Oprah Winfrey as the "Most Talented Girl in the World", she released her first international studio album "Charice" in 2010. The album entered the "Billboard" 200 at number-eight, making Charice the first Asian solo singer in history to land in the Top 10 of the "Billboard" 200 albums chart.
Several Filipino singers, including Charice Pempengco, Rhap Salazar, Maria Aragon and few others have appeared on the Ellen DeGeneres Show.

</doc>
<doc id="36859335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859335" title="Tell Jabin">
Tell Jabin

Tell Jabin () is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate, located north of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Tell Rifaat and Kafr Naya to the north, Mare' to the northeast, Bayanoun, Mayer and al-Zahraa to the west. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Tell Jabin had a population of 2,579 in the 2004 census.

</doc>
<doc id="36859355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859355" title="José Félix Díaz">
José Félix Díaz

José Félix Díaz (born January 16, 1980) is a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives, representing the 116th District, which stretches from Doral to Kendall in northeastern Miami-Dade County, since 2012, previously representing the 115th District from 2010 to 2012.
History.
Díaz was born in Miami and attended St. Brendan High School, after which he attended the University of Miami, where he received a degree in political science and English in 2002. He then received his Juris Doctor from Columbia Law School in 2005, and moved back to Florida, where he was a losing contest on Season 5 of "The Apprentice". After leaving the show, Díaz began working for Akerman LLP as an attorney specializing in commercial litigation and zoning and land use. From 2006 to 2010, he served as a member of the American Bar Association House of Delegates.
Florida House of Representatives.
In 2010, when incumbent State Representative Juan-Carlos Planas was unable to seek re-election, Díaz ran to succeed him in the 115th District, which narrowly stretched from Doral to Cutler Ridge in Miami-Dade County. He faced Kendall Community Councilwoman Carla Ascencio-Savola in the Republican primary, and he campaigned on improving the quality of living in the district, noting, "It's an important time to make this area, this district, better. People have lost confidence in where they live," and on his lack of experience in politics, declaring, "People have rallied around the fact that I'm not the same-old, same-old in the district." Ultimately, Díaz defeated Ascencio-Savola by a comfortable margin, winning 60% of the vote to her 40%. He advanced to the general election, where he was opposed by Jeffrey Solomon, the Democratic nominee and Christopher Blau, the Tea Party nominee. Neither of his opponents proved to be a significant obstacle, however, and Díaz easily defeated both of them in a landslide, winning 64% of the vote to Solomon's 33% and Blau's 3%.
When the state's legislative districts were redrawn in 2012, Díaz was drawn into the 116th District, which contained most of the territory that he had previously represented in the 115th District. He faced fellow State Representative Ana Rivas Logan in the Republican primary, and an extremely contentious election ensued. Díaz accused Logan of having her campaign workers tell voters that he was gay, was "pro-abortion" and "voted for a 15-percent increase" in university tuition, while Logan alleged that Díaz's campaign made calls to voters in the district, telling them, "Don't vote for her. She's a Nicaraguan. Your commitment is with the Cuban vote." Despite the rancor of the race, however, it was not close, with Díaz winning the nomination with 66% of the vote to Logan's 34%. Advancing to the general election, he only faced write-in opposition and won re-election with nearly 100% of the vote.
Díaz was mentioned as a potential candidate to run against Democratic United States Congressman Joe García in the 26th Congressional District, he ultimately declined to run, instead opting to run for re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="36859386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859386" title="Sam Scowen">
Sam Scowen

Samantha "Sam" Scowen (born 29 October 1987) is a British adaptive rower who competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. She competes in the mixed scull with partner Nick Beighton.
History.
Scowen was born in 1987, growing up in Wokingham. Born with a missing growth plate in her left leg and a flat hip socket, Scowen has undergone intensive surgery including five leg lengthenings.
She first tried rowing in 2008 and later joined the Dorney Boat Club. She teamed up with James Roberts in the TA mixed double scull and in May 2009 they took a gold medal in the World Rowing Cup in Munich. In August 2009 she competed in the World Rowing Championships in Poland, racing in the adaptive TA mixed double where she and partner Roberts finished 5th. Despite this success, the partnership was split when a change is disability classifications meant that Roberts was no longer able to compete. With no other partner availabale, Scowen was unable to compete in 2010.
In 2011 rowing newcomer Captain Nick Beighton of the British Army joined Scowen as her new sporting partner. The two competed in the TA mixed Double Scull at the world cup in Munich. They finished third to take the bronze. In August Scowen travelled to Slovenia to take part in the 2011 World Rowing Championships, she and Beighton finished 6th. In 2011, she and Beighton were the first rowers to qualify for the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. They finished fourth, on the losing end of a photo finish for the bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36859396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859396" title="Pie Magazine">
Pie Magazine

PIE Magazine is a Canadian luxury lifestyle magazine that considers itself a "book-o-zine". It is released three times each year and is produced in Barrie, Ontario.
Each issue features original editorial content covering lifestyle, personalities, profiles, entertainment, travel, sports, automobiles, fashion, music, arts, politics, leisure, local highlights, home design and wellness.
The editor-in-chief of "PIE Magazine" is Sandra Roberts. She is also the publisher and C.E.O of the magazine. Roberts is also the editor-in-chief of Imago zine Inc., parent company of "PIE magazine", as well as being a fashion stylist and creative director.
The magazine has several contributors, and is distributed through Disticor direct and available at Chapter's, Indigo, various hotspots, events, tradeshows and major bookstores throughout Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="36859404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859404" title="Ratyan">
Ratyan

Ratyan () is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate, located northwest of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Mayer to the northwest, Al-Zahraa and Bayanoun to the west and Tell Jabin to the east. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Ratyan had a population of 2,216 in the 2004 census.

</doc>
<doc id="36859411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859411" title="Chris Salem">
Chris Salem

Chris Salem is an Australian rugby league player who represented Lebanon in the 2000 World Cup.
Playing career.
Salem played 15 matches for Lebanon between 2000 and 2009, including at the 2000 World Cup and captaining the side at the 2009 European Cup.
In 2010, while playing for the Bankstown City Bulls in the Bundaberg Red Cup, Salem tested positive for methylhexaneamine and was immediately suspended. The NSWRL and Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority later handed him a two-year suspension; he is suspended until 10 September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36859454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859454" title="Marcelling">
Marcelling

Marcelling is a hair styling technique in which hot curling tongs are used to induce a curl into the hair. Its appearance was similar to that of a finger wave, but made by a quite different means. 
Accounts vary about the invention of the style. Some reports ascribe the invention of the technique to Marcel Grateau (1852–1936), who invented it in 1872 (others say 1875). François Marcel Woelfflé, who later changed his name to François Marcel, was granted U.S. patents for implements for performing the technique: the first, U.S. patent 806386, entitled "Curling-Iron", was published in 1905, and the second, entitled "Hair-Waving Iron", for an electric version, under the name François Marcel, was published in 1918. There is also a 1936 obituary for Francois Marcel Grateau, with dates matching those of the first-named Marcel Grateau. Given the dates, and the coincidence of names, it is quite possible that they were all the same man.
Marcelled hair was a popular style for women's hair in the 1920s, often in conjunction with a bob cut. One famous wearer was Josephine Baker. It is a popular hairstyle for African-American men. The doo-wop group the Marcels were named after the hairstyle.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="36859462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859462" title="Synchronised swimming at the Commonwealth Games">
Synchronised swimming at the Commonwealth Games

Synchronised swimming is one of the sports at the quadrennial Commonwealth Games competition. It has been a Commonwealth Games sport since 1986. It is an optional sport and may, or may not, be included in the sporting programme of each edition of the Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36859464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859464" title="2012 World Ports Classic">
2012 World Ports Classic

The 2012 World Ports Classic is the inaugural edition of the two day cycle race between the port cities of Rotterdam and Antwerp. It is scheduled to start on 31 August 2012 and finish one day later on 1 September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36859483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859483" title="O'Reilly Auto Parts 200">
O'Reilly Auto Parts 200

There have been three NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series races named O'Reilly Auto Parts 200:

</doc>
<doc id="36859485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859485" title="List of Op artists">
List of Op artists

The following is a list of notable op artists:

</doc>
<doc id="36859490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859490" title="Ibrahim Fofanah">
Ibrahim Fofanah

Ibrahim K. Fofanah, also known as Ike Fofanah (born 13 February 1994) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer who plays professionally for Norwegian club HamKam as a forward.
Career.
Fofanah played for Kamboi Eagles, Wellington People and FC Kallon in Sierra Leone. In 2011 he was the Sierra Leone National Premier League top goalscorer with eight goals during the thirteen game season as well as voted best player of the league. He was also one of three nominees for the "2011 Sierra Leone Best Player" award, alongside European based players Teteh Bangura and Mohamed Bangura. Despite suffering from a broken leg injury at the start of his time with FC Kallon, he was still signed by Swedish club Djurgården who brought him to Sweden to help with his rehabilitation. In October 2013 Djurgården announced that they would not be extending Fofanahs contract and that he would leave the club at the end of the year. He then signed for Norwegian club HamKam in 2014.
He made his international debut for Sierra Leone in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36859495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859495" title="Teri MacDonald">
Teri MacDonald

Teri MacDonald-Cadieux (born November 8, 1963) is a Canadian stock car racing driver. Sister of NASCAR Winston Cup Series driver Randy MacDonald, she is currently retired from competition; she has competed in the past in NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series and CASCAR competition.
Early career.
Born in Whitby, Ontario on November 8, 1963, during the 1990s MacDonald was a member of the PPG Pace Car Team, a group of professional drivers who drove the pace car at IndyCar events. She also drove in competition in sports cars, including the IMSA series. An accident at Road Atlanta in 1997 nearly ended her career; MacDonald suffered a broken neck, and she was forced to wear a halo to stabilise her head and neck.
Following her recovery, MacDonald returned to sports car racing; in 2000, she moved to stock cars, competing in the American Speed Association's National Tour before joining the CASCAR Super Series, Canada's top stock car series, for the 2001 season. She finished 14th in points, scoring two top 10 finishes over the course of the year.
NASCAR.
MacDonald made her debut in NASCAR's national touring series in 2002, in the Craftsman Truck Series at Memphis Motorsports Park. Randy MacDonald also competed in the race, making the siblings the first brother-sister combination to compete against each other in a top-level NASCAR race since Tim Flock and Ethel Flock Mobley in 1949.
MacDonald ran in three other races during the 2002 season; her best finish was 29th at Memphis. In 2003 she ran for Rookie of the Year in the Craftsman Truck Series; however she would only compete in one event that year, at Darlington Raceway, finishing 30th.
MacDonald returned to the Truck Series for two races in 2004; at Mansfield Motorsports Speedway, MacDonald, Tina Gordon and Kelly Sutton competed in the UAW/GM Ohio 250, the first time three female drivers raced in the same NASCAR event. She finished 25th in the event, her best finish of the year; a 32nd place finish at Memphis was her final NASCAR event.
Personal life.
MacDonald currently works as a Christian inspirational speaker. She is married, to Charles Cadieux; they have one son.

</doc>
<doc id="36859507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859507" title="Longmore House">
Longmore House

Longmore House, formerly Longmore Hospital, on Salisbury Place, Newington, Edinburgh, is the headquarters of Historic Scotland. Together with the associated mortuary and chapel (connected to the main building by an underground tunnel), boundary walls, gatepiers and railings, the property is designated a Category B listed building. The separate nurses' residence, on Salisbury Road, now converted to flats, is also Category B listed.
The Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh did not have facilities to care for the chronically ill. The Edinburgh Association for the Relief of Incurables, using a £10,000 bequest from the Edinburgh solicitor John Longmore of Deanhaugh, bought 8 Salisbury Place and opened it as a hospital in 1875. The Association then purchased 9 and 10 Salisbury Place and commissioned a new hospital for the site, to a neoclassical design by John More Dick Peddie. The new 3-storey Longmore Hospital opened on 10 December 1880. Extensions, also designed by Dick Peddie, were built to the east (1886-91) and to the west (1899), on the site of a row of villas, including the former Wilson's Academy.
In 1903 the Edinburgh Association for Incurables received a royal charter. In 1906 Liberton Hospital opened, and the 2 hospitals together were known as the Royal Edinburgh Hospital for Incurables (REHI). In 1948 the hospital was taken over by the Scottish National Health Service.
Longmore Hospital closed in 1991, with services, including breast cancer diagnosis and care, being transferred to the Western General Hospital. Historic Scotland moved to the converted and extended property in 1994. Liberton Hospital, on Lasswade Road, is still in service, specialising in geriatric medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="36859514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859514" title="David Oberhauser">
David Oberhauser

David Oberhauser (born 29 November 1989) is a French footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
He plays for FC Metz.

</doc>
<doc id="36859516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859516" title="Allen Engel">
Allen Engel

Allen Willard Engel (b. October 20, 1932) is a farmer and former political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada. He represented Notukeu-Willow Bunch from 1971 to 1975 and Assiniboia-Gravelbourg from 1978 to 1986 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a New Democratic Party (NDP) member.
He was born in Gravelbourg, Saskatchewan, the son of Emil Engel. Engel studied at the Saskatchewan Teacher's College and taught school for several years. In 1955, he married Joyce Beverly Baumbach of Lodi, California. Engel ran unsuccessfully in the newly created Assiniboia-Gravelbourg riding in 1975 before being elected again in 1978. He was defeated by Ralph Goodale when he ran for reelection to the assembly in 1986 and was defeated again by John Thomas Wolfe in a 1988 by-election held after Goodale ran for a federal seat.Engel served as the Legislative Secretary to the Minister of Agriculture from 1978 - 1982, and Agriculture Critic from 1982 - 1986. During his tenure, Engel was instrumental in the preservation of the Grasslands National Park in Southern Saskatchewan, home to some of the world's oldest varieties of virgin prairie. Engel also focussed his efforts on international development including supervising Saskatchewan matching grants for agricultural growth in Africa, and later serving on international development boards. A street in Regina, Saskatchewan was named to honour his service to the province in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36859519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859519" title="Al Gharbia">
Al Gharbia

Al Gharbia (Western Region) is a Municipal Region in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. The capital of Al Garbia is Madinat Zayed (Bida Zayed).
The Region had a population of 202,154 as of the Census of 2010 (including Islands Region with 17,646). With a given population density of 6, the area of the region could be calculated at 33,700 square kilometers. Other official sources, however, state an area of 59,760 km², or an 83 percent share of the emirate total of 72,000 km².
This region comprises seven townships, with population figures of the 2005 census of population (109,000 for the region):
Al Gharbia's coastal communities are served with six Western Region Ports built, developed and managed by Abu Dhabi Ports Company (ADPC). These include Mugharrag, Al Sila, Sir Baniyas, Dalma and Marfa Ports. The ports support local industries like fishing, tourism, logistics and leisure activities as well as facilitating the transport of people and goods to offshore islands.

</doc>
<doc id="36859543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859543" title="Olivier Vannucci">
Olivier Vannucci

Olivier Vannucci (born 24 May 1991) is a French footballer who plays as a defender for Gazélec Ajaccio in Championnat National.

</doc>
<doc id="36859551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859551" title="Rowing at the Commonwealth Games">
Rowing at the Commonwealth Games

Rowing is one of the sports at the quadrennial Commonwealth Games competition. It has been a Commonwealth Games sport since 1930. It was held at every edition from 1938 to 1962, but was not held again until 1986. It has not been held since. It is an optional sport and may, or may not, be included in the sporting programme of each edition of the Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36859554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859554" title="Space programme of Kenya">
Space programme of Kenya

The space programme of Kenya has been largely shaped by that country's position on the equator and has basis of existed foreign infrastructure and experience. The development of the programme started in May 2012.
Conditions.
As one of only a handful of equatorial states, Kenya is ideally sited for a spaceport to efficiently launch satellites into geostationary and other orbits.
The closest regional facility, and the only one ever active in East Africa, is the Italian-owned Broglio Space Centre (more known as San Marco) near the Kenya's coast. In 1962 the agreements between Italy and Kenya and between University of Rome La Sapienza and Royal Technical College (now University of Nairobi) were signed and prolonged later for using of Kenyan territorial waters and building of base camp for two main sea platforms of spaceport on Kenyan territory near Ngomeni and Ungwana Bay. Later for servicing of San Marco spaceport among other needs, a tracking station in the nearest Kenyan city of Malindi was created (and still operates) by Italy and ESA.
After end of operation of San Marco/Broglio space centre by Italians, Kenyan government was born an idea to found a mostly commercial national space programme based on retake of this spaceport and use of Malindi station that caused some economic and diplomatic troubles.
Developments.
In building a launchpad for modern rockets to be able to launch satellites into geostationary orbit, Kenya intends to involve other partners such as the Ukraine that already produce launch vehicles for sea-platform Sea Launch spaceports. The Kenyan government of premier Raila Odinga offered the Ukraine the right to develop the spaceport for launch of its own rockets and the facilities for assembly of satellites.

</doc>
<doc id="36859571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859571" title="Florent André">
Florent André

Florent André (born 6 June 1991) is a French footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Consolat Marseille on loan from Ligue 1 side SC Bastia.

</doc>
<doc id="36859592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859592" title="Maciej Pospieszyński">
Maciej Pospieszyński

Maciej Pospieszyński is a Polish glider aerobatic pilot, current World Champion in Unlimited category.

</doc>
<doc id="36859600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859600" title="Maxsta">
Maxsta

Ian Koromah, better known by the stage name Maxsta, is an English rapper and MC from East London. Having been an active and high profile member of the London urban music scene for several years, he recently attracted attention for being signed to Just Jam, a subsidiary of Sony Music Entertainment. A fast-paced, choppy style of delivery has led him to be compared to fellow London rapper Dizzee Rascal. He has worked with some of the most notable members in grime and UK hip hop, including Tinie Tempah, Chipmunk and Wiley.
Early life.
Koromah was born in Lewisham, London in 1992. His parents had moved from Sierra Leone to avoid its civil war. Raised in Peckham, Koromah's family eventually moved to East Ham in the borough of Newham. It was here that Koromah attended Langdon School: the same school that the well known grime MC Kano attended. He became known as Maxsta after telling people his name was Maxwell to avoid being called Ian. While at school Koromah became heavily interested in music, taking lessons in the guitar, piano and cello.
Koromah has stated in several interviews that he enjoys a diverse selection of music. As a child he was initially into rock music and skateboarding before becoming interested in grime, being introduced to it through JME's “Shut Yuh Mut” and Ghetto's “2000 And Life.”
Career.
By the age of 14, a growing love of the genre led Koromah to experiment with rapping himself. His music was heard by several other MCs in London, including the rapper God’s Gift, part of the grime collective Mucky Wolfpack, based in Bow. This led him to join the group. Shortly afterwards however, he decided to go solo. Koromah worked with several well established names in grime over this period, including the MC Jammer.
On 30 June 2009, Koromah released "East London Is Back", a "stunningly spartan Atari teenage riot of electro bloops and beeps". The song received much attention and was given support by national radio stations BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio 1Xtra. This paved the way for a mixtape, "The Maxtape", released on 29 March 2010. It was a commercial success, selling out in the first few days. Shortly afterwards, Koromah performed at T In The Park 2010.
However, in response to the lyrical content in his music, Koromah suffered several physical assaults, including one incident in which he was stabbed. To avoid continuing violence Koromah and his family left East Ham, moving to Essex. This string of incidents prompted Koromah to rethink his approach to music.
His new musical direction was reflected in the song "Average Kid", which was released in early 2011.
Shortly afterwards, in March 2011, Koromah was signed to Just Jam Records, a subsidiary of Sony Music Entertainment. The label is owned by entrepreneur Jamal Edwards, CEO of the successful online urban music platform SB:TV. Subsequently, Koromah featured in the 2011 Google Chrome advert, the second most popular YouTube advert of the year. Koromah was also involved in the Adidas We Are London advertising campaign.
On 5 August 2012, Koromah's debut single was released, titled "I Wanna Rock". It reached number 67 in the UK charts and received support from several radio DJs; it was featured as Radio 1 presenter Nick Grimshaw's record of the week. "I Wanna Rock" was also remixed and featured guest vocals from fellow London rapper Tinchy Stryder, Rizzle Kicks and the Birmingham-based MC Lady Leshurr.
Koromah's second single "Pop Off" followed "I Wanna Rock". His debut album was due to be released in February 2013 but has been postponed to 2014.
His third single "Wanna Go" featuring Little Nikki was released on 29 September 2013. It entered the UK Singles Chart Update at number 40, being his most successful single to date.
Personal life.
On 19 March 2012, Koromah announced via Twitter that his brother Kevin Koromah had died at the age of 14. Speaking several months later, he stated: "That day I became a beast … For me, failure is not an option now; it's not in my vocabulary. The last thing I want is my brother to look down and see me wasting my opportunity."

</doc>
<doc id="36859603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859603" title="Nicholas Crispe (died 1564)">
Nicholas Crispe (died 1564)

Nicholas Crispe (by 1530-1564), from Whitstable, Kent, was an English politician.
Family.
Nicholas Crispe was the eldest son of Sir Henry Crispe and Katherine Scott (buried 9 Feb. 1545), the daughter of Sir John Scott of Scot's Hall in Smeeth, Kent.
Career.
Crispe was educated at Gray's Inn, (1544).
He was elected a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Sandwich in November 1554 and 1558. he was appointed High Sheriff of Kent for 1559–60 and sat on the bench as a Justice of Peace for the county from 1562 to his death.
Marriages and issue.
Crispe married firstly Frances Cheyne, the daughter of Sir Thomas Cheyne of the Blackfriars, London and Shurland, Isle of Sheppey, Kent, and his first wife, Frideswide Frowyk (died c.1528), the daughter of Sir Thomas Frowyk, Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, by whom he had an only daughter, Dorothy Crispe, who at his death became the ward of Sir Francis Knollys.
Crispe married secondly Mary Glemham, the daughter of Christopher Glemham of Glemham, Suffolk.
Crispe's property was inherited by his daughter Dorothy.

</doc>
<doc id="36859607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859607" title="KATCOM">
KATCOM

KATCOM, or in full Korean Attached Commonwealth Division, refers to significant numbers of South Korean soldiers who, during the Korean War, were attached to the 1st Commonwealth Division, similar to the KATUSA system in the US Army. 
The system took effect from May 1952. Korean troops were included within Commonwealth units as replacements simply to make up numbers during periods of troop rotation. Soldiers assigned as KATCOMs were given 16 weeks' standard basic training at the ROK Replacement Training Center with further specialist training on British and Canadian weaponry. On average, each British battalion received 94 Korean soldiers, making a total of 1,000 Koreans across the whole Commonwealth division.
More broadly, KATCOM can also refer to Korean troops serving in other UN contingents, notably the Belgian and Dutch Contingents.

</doc>
<doc id="36859632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859632" title="Guildford Civic Hall">
Guildford Civic Hall

Guildford Civic Hall was an arts and entertainment venue in Guildford, Surrey. Opened in 1962, it closed in January 2004 and has since been demolished. In its day many major artists performed there. By 2010 development was underway for a new ₤26 million replacement facility, which opened as G Live in September 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36859633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859633" title="John Manwood (disambiguation)">
John Manwood (disambiguation)

John Manwood (died 1610) was an English barrister.
John Manwood may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36859662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859662" title="Edward Wood (MP)">
Edward Wood (MP)

Edward Wood (fl. 1584-1586) was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Sandwich in 1584 and 1586.

</doc>
<doc id="36859663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859663" title="Discrimination towards non-binary gender persons">
Discrimination towards non-binary gender persons

Discrimination towards gender variant persons who fall outside of the gender binary is prejudice towards individuals who do not fit the gender binary as strictly male or female. It is a type of transphobia and sexism. It affects third gender, genderqueer, and other non-binary identified people. Cisgender and binary transgender people can both display prejudice against non-binary people, and there is discrimination of this sort in the transgender community much like there is transphobia in the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) communities.
A study in the "National Transgender Discrimination Survey" showed that genderqueer and other non-binary individuals were more likely to be unemployed (76% vs. 56%), suffer physical assaults (32% vs. 25%), experience police brutality and harassment (31% vs. 21%), and opt out of medical treatment due to discrimination (36% vs. 27%) compared to transgender individuals who identified within the gender binary (i.e., trans men and trans women). This study also found that they were more likely to be people of color (30% vs. 23%) and younger (under 45) than binary transgender people (89% vs. 68%).

</doc>
<doc id="36859696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859696" title="Cu Chi Wildlife Rescue Station">
Cu Chi Wildlife Rescue Station

Cu Chi Wildlife Rescue Station () is a center located in the Cu Chi District of Ho Chi Minh City that helps rare wild animals recover from captivity and promotes awareness of wildlife-related issues. It is administered by Wildlife at Risk, a non-government organization. It was founded in 2006 and has accepted over 2,000 distressed wild animals. The center's pangolins, bears, otters, and other animals may be viewed by visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="36859716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859716" title="Pandit Nehru Bus Station">
Pandit Nehru Bus Station

Pandit Nehru Bus Station (PNBS) is a bus station located at the southern side of Vijayawada city and beside to the Krishna River. The bus station is owned by Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC). It was inaugurated on 23 September 1990 and is officially named as Telugu Satavahana Prayana Pranganam with its current name of Pandit Nehru Bus Station. This is the major bus station in Andhra Pradesh. The PNBS bus station is the Fourth biggest and busiest bus stations in India   followed from Delhi, chennai, MGBS,Hyderabad. Many buses from other states like Chhattisgarh, Orissa, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu arrives at this bus station daily. The bus station is connected to each and every town and city in the whole Andhra Pradesh State. PNBS covers an area . There are 62 platforms totally with two terminals, departure terminal has 48 platforms and arrival terminal has 14 platforms. A waiting hall for reserved passengers and AC lounges for AC Reserved passengers are provided by APSRTC. There are also food courts located in bus terminus and having so much space for car, scooter parkings and Bus parking.
Expansion of the Pandit Nehru Bus Station (PNBS) of the AP State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) is on the cards. A proposal to this effect has been submitted to the Government with an initial expansion plan at an estimated cost of Rs. 2 crore.The new structure proposed to be constructed in the low-lying area abutting the highway will have nearly 20 additional platforms. The Pandit Nehru Bus Station in the city has attained a new look. The place now exudes a refreshing touch of elegance, thanks to the long-awaited air-conditioned deluxe Volvo lounge that has been opened on platform no. 29. While the main lounge can accommodate 50 people, its extension (divided into two different rooms) has a seating capacity for 25 and 20, respectively.
Operations.
The city is well connected to every city and town in the state. The city is also connected to important cities in other states such as Bangalore, Chennai, Coimbatore, Bhubaneshwar and Jagdalpur. APSRTC lines using the station include Pallevelugu, Express, Deluxe, Super Luxury, Indra AC, Garuda, Garuda Plus, Vennela AC Sleeper.
Buses.
Major buses provide their services at the vijayawada PNBS:.

</doc>
<doc id="36859719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859719" title="Manor of Bradwall">
Manor of Bradwall

The Manor of Bradwall was a manorial estate (i.e. the land) in the parish of Bradwall near Sandbach in Cheshire, that dates back to the 13th century. Several families have been associated with either the Manor, or the more recent country seat at Bradwall Hall.
Bradwall of Bradwall (13–14th century).
Richard de Bradwall (living before 1232 in the time of King John) was the first of two families to settle in the Manor of Bradwall, as the so-called mesne lord of the moiety (manor).
He was succeeded by Reginald de Bradwall, followed by a line of three Richards, until Richard de Bradwall who married Elizabeth (daughter of Thomas de Sandbach), had three daughters, and the line became extinct.
At one time, Richard owned the Elworth Estate located partly in Bradwall, which he passed to his son Thomas de Helleworth, about the time of Edward I (1239–1307). The family coat of arms is not known.
Venables of Bradwall (14th century).
Sir William Venables (living in 1312) was the second of the two families who settled in the Manor of Bradwall. He is also noted for a skirmish with the Abbot of the Monastery of St Mary or Vale Royal, on behalf of his older brother Sir Hugh Venables, Baron of Kinderton in which the Abbot's attendant was killed with an arrow.
Venables' second son, Sir William Venables (living in 1362), succeeded to the title, but because he had three daughters (Joan, Katherine, and Ellen), the title became extinct in the 14th century, passing to the Beryingtons through marriage.
The Venables of Bradwall coat of arms features a dragon-like wyvern devouring a child (see illustration for details).
Berington of Moresbarrow and Bradwall (14–16th century).
William de Beryngton of Moorsborough and Bradwall acquired the title from his mother, Joan Venables of Bradwall, who married Thomas de Beryngton. The title remained in the family for about six generations, until Helen Berington, the only daughter and heiress of William and Elizabeth, married Philip Oldfield in about 1569. The family coat of arms features three greyhounds below a crest containing a greyhound's head (see illustration for details).
Oldfield of Bradwall (16–18th century).
Philip Oldfield succeeded to Bradwall at the time of his marriage to Joan Berington around 1869. A notable barrister who practised at Chester, a recumbent alabaster effigy of him is in the Church of St Mary-on-the-Hill, Chester. The estate remained in the family for six generations, until one William Oldfield, and unmarried only son, sold the estate in 1719. The Oldfield coat of arms features three pattée crosses, and a wyvern on a coronet (see illustration for details).
Ward, and Jervis, of Bradwall (18–19th century).
William Oldfield sold the Bradwall estate to Charles Ward of Dublin, who five years later in 1725, conveyed it to his son-in-law, John Jervis (who died in Bradwall), who in turn passed the title to his son, John Jervis, a Welsh judge, who held the title until his death in 1802. On the 9 June 1802, the trustees conveyed the estate to John Latham, M.D.
Latham of Bradwall (19th century).
The Latham family held the Bradwall estate for three generations. John Latham (1761–1843) was a physician who became President of the Royal College of Physicians His sons, John Latham (1787–1853), was a magistrate and poet, and Peter Mere Latham (1789–1875) a physician and "a great medical educator". Latham senior's grandson George William Latham (1827–1886), was an English landowner, barrister and a Liberal politician. When his wife died two years later, in November 1888, the estate was sold to Thomas Barlow, Esq. of Torkington, near Stockport. The Latham coat of arms features an eagle preying on a child (see illustration for details).
Barlow Baronetcy of Bradwall Hall (20th century).
The Barlow Baronetcy of Bradwall Hall was created on 20 July 1907 for John Emmott Barlow (1857–1932), a successful businessman and Liberal Member of Parliament representing Frome. He was succeeded by his eldest son, John Denman Barlow the second Baronet (1898–1986), a Member of Parliament for Eddisbury and Middleton and Prestwich. The title has been held since 1986 by his eldest son, Sir John Kemp Barlow, 3rd Bt. (1934-). Sir John Denman's brother, Thomas Bradwall Barlow (1900–1988), was a director of the family firm, Bradwall (F.M.S) Rubber Estate, Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="36859720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859720" title="Lego The Lord of the Rings (video game)">
Lego The Lord of the Rings (video game)

Lego The Lord of the Rings is a multi-platform action-adventure video game, developed by Traveller's Tales, that was released on Nintendo 3DS, Nintendo DS, PlayStation Vita, Microsoft Windows, Wii, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360. The OS X version of the game, published by Feral Interactive, was released on 21 February 2013.
Based on "The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy, the game follows the original storylines of ', ', and "", taking players through the epic story events, "re-imagined with the humour and endless variety of Lego play". The game utilises music and voice acting taken from all three films of the film trilogy. Developer Traveller's Tales has stated they toned down the slapstick humor found in other Lego-licensed titles. The game follows the events in the films; however, like the "Lego Star Wars" series, some scenes from the films have been altered to become more family friendly or just provide comic relief to the player. The player, as always, can play with family and friends with easy access drop-in, drop-out gameplay option. The game is more like a role-playing game than previous Lego video game titles because the player has an inventory that grows throughout play. 
This is the last LEGO game to be released on the Wii.
The game was not released for Wii U because Traveller's Tales and Lego were busy completing "Lego City Undercover", which was already behind schedule.
Gameplay.
New features are added to the gameplay from the older Lego video games, such as the travelling through Middle-earth in between levels, and switching between storylines of different heroes. Players also collect and use a variety of weaponry and magical items, including the Light of Eärendil, Elven Rope, swords, and bows. New character abilities include Lighting up dark places (Frodo, Gandalf, Radagast and Saruman) and being thrown at things (Gimli and Gloin). Each character has their own inventory that can be used to collect new and better items. The game has a total of 18 levels (plus a bonus level upon completion), as well as a hidden ending, which is unlocked after 100% of the game is complete.
Free roam.
In the "open world" mode, the game features one or two changeable characters following the player (or players in the cooperative mode). The game features a blacksmith, who can be found in Bree, to make tools out of Mithril (represented by silver Lego bricks). There are also various side quests that can be found within the open world map, such as fetching a lost tool for a non-player character. While every area of the map is accessible on foot, the quickest way to get across the large area is to use the "fast travel" mode from within the Map screen (found by utilizing the start menu or simply pressing the select button). Free Roam mode spans the entirety of the films but does not allow access to Mirkwood or the lands east, or south of Mordor, giving the player the ability to literally walk from the Shire to Mordor. It features a split-screen free roam like "". 'Open world' mode is not available on either the PlayStation Vita or Nintendo DS.
Synopsis.
Plot.
The game follows the storylines from the "The Lord of the Rings" films: "The Fellowship of the Ring", "The Two Towers", and "The Return of the King". However, the developers modified the storylines to fit the events into a number of game chapters per film. Notable scenes have been recreated from the films, such as the memorable Moria scenes. Each different character has at least one special ability. The game features a new dynamic for a Lego game, where the characters will be able to acquire new items and weaponry as the story advances.
"In contrast to our other games, covering those three films is an epic journey," says TT Games chief Jonathan Smith. "It really is a sense of an adventure rather than a series of stories. You build up your characters as you venture through the world of Middle-Earth. Our hub will be the world of Middle-Earth. As you see that unfold, as you journey through it toward your ultimate destination on this epic quest, that gives it a sense that is completely different to the open world of Gotham of "Lego Batman 2: DC Super Heroes". You're really driving forward on a quest. Practically, in terms of the levels there's a mix between fighting and puzzling as you'd expect. We have some very big battles. We have some cool enemies. And then, for puzzling, if you're a connoisseur of the series perhaps you'll remember something more like "" where we're picking up and dropping items and there's some inventory-based play as well and customization of characters as they go through the adventure."
Characters.
There are more than 80 playable characters, including Frodo, Gandalf, Legolas, and many others to discover and unlock including Tom Bombadil, a character who appears in the books but never appeared in the film trilogy. Players experience the "The Lord of the Rings" heroes come to life in an all new way, as they deliver original dialogue taken directly from the films. Unlike in the Lego "The Lord of the Rings" sets, the Hobbits appear barefoot. The player can also create their own character, by travelling to Hobbiton and entering the Hobbit house with the green door, which is Frodo and Bilbo's house, Bag End.
Development.
Audio.
Similar to "Lego Batman 2: DC Super Heroes", "Lego The Lord of the Rings" features talking minifigures. This makes it the second Lego game to feature actual dialogue, the third being "Lego City Undercover". However, the dialogue is taken directly from the films unlike the other two, which feature original vocals. Additional voices were provided by Eric Artell, Steven Blum, Cam Clarke, Chris Edgerly, Kieren Elliott, Gideon Emery, Crispin Freeman, Bob Joles, Tom Kane, Jennifer Taylor Lawrence, Yuri Lowenthal, Jim Meskimen, Nolan North, Liam O'Brien, Jon Olson, Jim Piddock, Eliza Schneider, Keith Szarabajka, Fred Tatasciore, Anna Vocino and Hynden Walch.
Marketing and release.
"Lego The Lord of the Rings" complements the Lego "The Lord of the Rings" toy collection. The pre-ordered game comes with a unique Elrond minifigure with a code to enter on the game's homepage for a wallpaper and designer video. "" showed a coming soon part for the game. A demo was released for Microsoft Windows, Nintendo 3DS and Xbox 360. Upon release, the Xbox 360 version is potentially being recalled for being shipped with demo discs rather than the full retail copy.
The Wii version for Europe was delayed until 30 November.
Downloadable content.
"Lego Lord of the Rings" has three packs of downloadable content (DLC), which were also available with pre-ordering the game. The first one includes Smeagol (before he was corrupted as Gollum), Sauron in his Second Age "fair" form, and three other characters, and the second one includes characters such as Mini Balrog and a Corsair of Umbar. The third one includes only tools, such as the Three Elven rings, and a fourth includes a special Faramir and a Barrow-wight. The Xbox 360 version of the game allows for purchase of the DLC with Microsoft points while the PlayStation 3 version allows purchasing them via the PlayStation Network Store. There is no way to buy the DLC for the PC versions of the game.
Reception.
"Lego The Lord of the Rings" has received generally positive reviews from critics.

</doc>
<doc id="36859723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859723" title="Évert Lengua">
Évert Lengua

Évert Erickson Wilmer Lengua Vergara (born 20 January 1983) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a centre back. He currently plays for Cobresol in the Torneo Descentralizado.
Club career.
Lengua played for Estudiantes de Medicina in the 2002 Torneo Descentralizado season. He played in Peruvian top-flight for the Ica based side until the end of the 2004 season.
Then he joined Universidad César Vallejo in 2007. Then in 2008 he had a short spell with Segunda División side La Peña Sporting and later Copa Perú side Sport Huamanga.
Then in January 2009 he joined Cobresol.

</doc>
<doc id="36859731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859731" title="Albert Saijo">
Albert Saijo

Albert Saijo (1926—2011) was an Asian-American poet and, along with Shig Murao, one of only two Asian Americans to be recognized as a part of the Beat Generation. Saijo's only solo collection of poetry, "Outspeaks: A Rhapsody" was published in 1997 when he was 71 years old.
Early life.
Saijo was born in California in 1926. In 1942, Saijo and his family were removed from their California home and imprisoned at Heart Mountain Relocation Center as part of the U.S. government's program of Japanese American internment. He later joined the 100th Battalion of the 442nd Regimental Combat Team, and served in Italy.
"The Backpacker".
Saijo's "The Backpacker" (1972) is a short book offering guidance on how backpackers can enter a spiritual psychedelic experience. A new edition featuring an expanded section on food was published in 1977. Reviewing "The Backpacker" in the hiking magazine "Backpacker" in 1973, Denise Van Lear wrote that "no other book so graciously portrays nature's lure as it relates to hikers. Saijo's eloquent prose will transform you."
"Trip Trap" and relationship with the Beat Generation.
"Trip Trap" (1972) is a collection of haiku by Saijo, Jack Kerouac and Lew Welch. The poems describe a road trip from California to New York taken by the three men in 1959, and invoke Gary Snyder, who was then in Japan, as a kind of guiding spirit. Saijo and Welch first met Kerouac in California November 1959, when Welch offered to drive Kerouac to Northport, New York in his Willys Jeepster, nicknamed "Willy". As they travelled, the trio composed spontaneous collaborative poems. On arriving in New York, they visited Allen Ginsberg and Peter Orlovsky's apartment, then spent the night at Kerouac's mother's house in Northport before returning west. Saijo and Kerouac became friends, bound by a shared wanderlust and appreciation of Zen Buddhism, cool jazz and alcohol. Saijo later was a minor character in Kerouac's "Big Sur", in which he takes the name "George Baso" and in Kerouac's depiction of the 1959 drive is described as "the little Japanese Zen master hepcat sitting crosslegged in the back of Dave's [Lew's] jeepster".
"Outspeaks".
Saijo moved from Northern California to Volcano, Hawaii in the early 1990s. Six years later he published "Outspeaks: A Rhapsody" (1997), a lyrical memoir. His poetry in "Outspeaks" is written entirely in capital letters and punctuated with dashes, resembling the work of the poets of the Beat Generation, yet though his poems take a stream-of-consciousness form Saijo did not adhere to Kerouac's mode of spontaneous prose. In his best-known poem, "EARTH SLANGUAGE WITH ENGLISH ON IT" he explains his style by expressing a wish for a "UNIVERSAL GRAMMAR", a "BIRTHRIGHT TONGUE" with "NO FORMAL-VERNACULAR OR DEMOTIC-HIERATIC OPPOSITION". With this "slanguage", he approaches topics including racism, the environment, technology and religion often from unexpected angles.
"Outspeaks" also includes Saijo's recollections of his road trip with Kerouac and Welch, and is grounded in the 1960s: Saijo writes "I CONSIDER MYSELF A CHILD OF THE '60S—IT WAS WHEN I BECAME A REBORN HUMAN". In her review of "Outspeaks" in the alternative literary journal "Tinfish", Juliana Spahr described Saijo as "a new ".
Saijo died in Volcano, Hawaii in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36859732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859732" title="Mongolia national futsal team">
Mongolia national futsal team

The Mongolia national futsal team is controlled by the Mongolian Football Federation, the governing body for futsal in Mongolia and represents the country in international futsal competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="36859738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859738" title="Crewe (surname)">
Crewe (surname)

Crewe or Crew is a surname of Old Welsh origin.

</doc>
<doc id="36859749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859749" title="Stiffkey Fen">
Stiffkey Fen

It is part of the North Norfolk Coast Site of Special Scientific Interest. The larger area is now additionally protected through Natura 2000, Special Protection Area (SPA) and Ramsar listings, and is part of the Norfolk Coast Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB). The reserve was donated to the Buxton Conservation Trust in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36859751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859751" title="Wallace &amp; Gromit's Musical Marvels">
Wallace &amp; Gromit's Musical Marvels

"Wallace & Gromit's Musical Marvels" (also known as Wallace and Gromit at the Proms) is the name of Prom 20 of the 2012 season of The BBC Proms, which features orchestral renditions of Julian Nott's theme from Wallace & Gromit and classical music set to scenes from the Wallace & Gromit films. Wallace is performed by Ben Whitehead, the actor who performed Wallace in the episodic adventure game series, Wallace & Gromit's Grand Adventures. Due to its popularity, it became a full touring show in 2013, premiering at The Plenary in Melbourne, Australia on February 9, 2013.
Plot.
"Musical Marvels" features new animated footage of Wallace and Gromit that are shown between the orchestral pieces. The animated scenes are made to interact with the conductor on stage through an invention called a Maestromatic. This is a conductor's stand with a plate of cheese and crackers and a chute which receives letters and compositions from Wallace, who is said to be below the concert hall. A new musical composition by Wallace is slated to be played by the end of the night, called "My Concerto in Ee, Lad". Wallace invented a mechanized petrol powered piano called the pianomatic to play the tune, but the invention backfired on itself and the piano, along with his concerto, was destroyed. Gromit ended up saving the night by composing his own musical piece, "A Double Concerto for Violin and Dog", which he played on a priceless Stradivarius violin found below the concert hall over the monitor with English classical violinist Tasmin Little. In the end, Wallace congratulates Gromit for a job well done, gives him a bouquet of flowers from a mechanized flower dispenser, and sits down on the Stradivarius violin.
Production and release.
"Musical Marvels" was performed live at the Royal Albert Hall on the 29th of July, 2012. It featured the Aurora Orchestra conducted by Nicholas Collon who also narrated and 'communicated' with Wallace. It was broadcast live on BBC Radio, and then a later video broadcast was made on BBC One on the 27th of August.
Due to its popularity, it became a full touring show in 2013. It premièred at The Plenary in Melbourne, Australia on February 9, 2013. It will be performed at other venues throughout 2013, with the animated short film "A Matter of Loaf and Death" screened at each performance.

</doc>
<doc id="36859752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859752" title="Tommy McGrane Memorial Cup">
Tommy McGrane Memorial Cup

The Tommy McGrane Memorial Cup was an annual pre-season football tournament hosted by East Kilbride Thistle. The trophy was named after Tommy McGrane, one of the founders of East Kilbride Thistle. It had been held at the Show Park, East Kilbride since it was founded in 2005. The tournament was played in a straight knockout format of two semi finals and a final. The semi final losers played in a third-fourth play-off match. The tournament regularly attracted Scottish Football League clubs, with teams such as Clyde and Hamilton Accies taking part in previous years.

</doc>
<doc id="36859770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859770" title="Mill at Lobachsville">
Mill at Lobachsville

Mill at Lobachsville is a historic grist mill complex located in Pike Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. The complex consists of the three-story, stone and frame banked mill with corrugated steel gable roof (1887); 2 1/2-story, stone and frame farmhouse (c. 1745); 2 1/2-story, stone settler's cabin dated to the 18th century; one-story, frame summer kitchen; one-story, frame ice house; one-story, frame wagon shed; two-story, stone and frame barn (1814); one seat privy; stone and frame pig sty; and the millraces and pond. The mill ceased operation in 1965. The custom mill was built as part of a working farm.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36859774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859774" title="Prannoy Kumar">
Prannoy Kumar

Prannoy Haseena Sunil Kumar (born 17 July 1992) is a badminton player from India. He won Silver Medal in Boys' singles at 2010 Summer Youth Olympics. In 2011, he participated at the 2011 India Super Series and in 2012 at the Badminton Asia Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36859795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859795" title="John Croke (disambiguation)">
John Croke (disambiguation)

John Croke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36859810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859810" title="Pop (ghost)">
Pop (ghost)

Pop () is a cannibalistic female spirit of Thai folklore. It manifests itself as a woman that likes to devour human viscera. Pop is related to the Phi Fa spirit.
Legends.
A traditional legend says that long ago, a prince fond of magic found a way to enter bodies which were still alive and to take control of them. Once the prince said magic words and entered the body of an animal. His servant overheard those words, repeated them, and entered the body of the prince. The servant fooled people into thinking he was the prince. Seeing this, the prince quickly entered the body of a bird and rushed to tell the truth to his wife. Upon hearing this, the prince's wife had the servant's body destroyed and the prince challenged the false prince to enter the body of an animal. When the servant foolishly entered and took control of the animal's body, the real prince re-entered his own body. The servant was unable to re-enter his body as it was destroyed. Henceforth, his revenant spirit goes from one body to another, eating its intestines.
Village legends say that this ghost lives inside a sorceress and leaves her body during sleep. Before the witch can die, the spirit has to find a body into which the Pop will be transmitted by consuming some saliva of the old sorceress.
These ghosts are powerful. If they succeed in haunting someone, they will eat that person's intestines during sleep. One way to get rid of them is to call in a healing dancer. This spirit doctor chases away the Pop by means of a spinning dance. When the patient is watching the dance, Pop will enter into the spinning movement and be chased from the body.
In 2007, following the mysterious and sudden deaths of four villagers in Kalasin Province's Sam Chai District, some 1000 residents, fearing the deaths were caused by evil spirits, raised some 35000 Thai Baht for an exorcism of "Pop", allegedly dwelling in two of the female villagers.
In 2012, 10 males died suddendly in Pakse, Champa Province, Laos. People believed that these deaths were caused by Pop.
Modern adaptations.
Thai films about Pop include 1989 movie "Ban Phi Pop" (บ้านผีปอบ), "The House of Pop", 1990 movies "Ban Phi Pop 2" (บ้านผีปอบ 2), "The House of Pop 2", "Lang Phao Phan Khot Phi Pop" (ล้างเผ่าพันธุ์โคตรผีปอบ), "Holocaust of the Ogre Clan", "Tanha Phra Chan" (ตัณหาพระจันทร์), "Midnight Shade 2", and "Pop Phi Hian" (ปอบผีเฮี้ยน), "Pop is strong enough", all by Ekapan Banleurit, as well as "Phi Lop Pop Mai Lop" (ผีหลบปอบไม่หลบ), "Phan Phi Pop" (พันธุ์ผีปอบ), "The Breed of Pop", and "Phi Pop Chom Tingtong" (ผีปอบจอมติ้งต๊อง), "Pop at its Most Crazy". It also appears in movies with a mixture of horror and comedy such as 2008 film "Ban Phi Poep" (บ้านผีเปิบ), "The House of the Spirit Gorging itself", and "Krasue Fat Pop" (1990) with Chutima Naiyana, in which Krasue fights against Pop, judged to be a more malevolent spirit than Krasue by the villagers.
Chao Nang, "The Princess's Terror", 1992 "Mae Nak Choe Pop" (Mae Nak meets Pop), 1997 Pop Phi Fa and 2009 Pop Phi Fa (remake) are Thai television soap operas (ละคร) based on the Pop legend. This ghost is a popular subject in the same manner as Krasue or Krahang and humorous depictions, as well as gory ones, are common in Thai comics.

</doc>
<doc id="36859813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859813" title="Kew Baptist Church">
Kew Baptist Church

Kew Baptist Church is an independent evangelical church affiliated to the Association of Grace Baptist Churches (South East). It is at Windsor Road in Kew in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames, south west London.
The church was founded in 1861 in Parkshot, Richmond, as Salem Baptist Church. Its entrance was at 5 Parkshot, a Grade II listed building. The church moved to Windsor Road, Kew in 1973 and changed its name to Kew Baptist Church in 1990. 
A number of children's activities, including a playgroup, are held at the church hall.

</doc>
<doc id="36859815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859815" title="Croke (surname)">
Croke (surname)

Croke is a surname from Olde Norse meaning 'bent' or 'crooked'.

</doc>
<doc id="36859831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859831" title="Bep Weeteling">
Bep Weeteling

Albertha "Bep" Weeteling (born 28 December 1946) is a retired Dutch swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1966 European Aquatics Championships. She also competed in four freestyle and backstroke disciplines at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics but was eliminated in the preliminaries. She won two silver medals at the 1965 Summer Universiade, in the 400 m freestyle and 100 m backstroke.
Bep is the younger sister of the former swimmer Jan Weeteling who also participated in the 1964 Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36859833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859833" title="Collège Saint-Michel">
Collège Saint-Michel

Collège Saint-Michel (German: Kollegium St. Michael) is a Gymnasium school located in Fribourg, Switzerland. It was established in 1582 by the Jesuit order as an boys' school.

</doc>
<doc id="36859840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859840" title="Yoder Mill">
Yoder Mill

Yoder Mill, also known as Renninger Mill, is a historic grist mill located in Pike Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. The mill was built in 1796, and is a 2 1/2-story, frame building measuring 41 feet by 50 feet. It sits on a stone basement. It was rebuilt in 1885 after a fire. Also on the property is a contributing 2 1/2-story, stuccoed stone miller's house (c. 1885) the headrace and millpond. The merchant mill ceased operation in the 1940s.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36859852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859852" title="Slovenian part-time work referendum, 2011">
Slovenian part-time work referendum, 2011

A referendum on a law on part-time work was held in Slovenia on 10 April 2011. The law was rejected by 80% of voters.
Background.
On 26 October 2012 the National Assembly passed a law on part-time work by a vote of 39 to 32. However, it was then rejected by the National Council by a vote of 20 to 14 on 2 November. The National Assembly approved the law again by a vote of 47 to 28 on 16 November. The National Council then attempted to force a referendum on the law, but although the motion passed 18–7 in favour, at least 21 votes were required.
The law would allow unemployed people, students and pensioners to work for up to 60 hours a month and 720 hours a year. However, they would be paid less and have fewer employment rights, including no right to reimbursement for meals at work and commuting costs, as well as no sick or parental leave. They would also get no annual leave entitlement and no severance pay. 
The ŠOS student organisation and the Association of Free Trade Unions of Slovenia (ZSSS) both opposed the new law, as it would create a new class of employees who received fewer social benefits. Between 3 January and 6 February 2011 the ŠOS and the ZSSS collected 47,000 signatures, more than the 40,000 required to hold a referendum under article 90 of the Slovenian constitution. As a result, the National Assembly fixed the date for a referendum on 17 February.

</doc>
<doc id="36859859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859859" title="John Grace (UK politician)">
John Grace (UK politician)

John Grace (16 November 1886 – 8 December 1972) was a British Conservative Party politician. He sat in the House of Commons in the 1920s.
Political career.
At the 1924 general election, Grace was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Wirral division of Cheshire, defeating the one-term Liberal MP Stephen Roxby Dodds. He was re-elected in 1929, and held the seat until he stood from Parliament at the 1931 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="36859888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859888" title="Cromwell (name)">
Cromwell (name)

Cromwell is an English surname which comes from the village Cromwell, Nottinghamshire.

</doc>
<doc id="36859939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859939" title="Charles Edward-Collins">
Charles Edward-Collins

Major-General Charles Edward Edward-Collins CB CIE (28 May 1881 – 21 November 1967) was a British Indian Army officer.
Edward-Collins was born in Cornwall, the son of Edward Charles Edward-Collins, a local landowner, and his wife, Eleanor Mary (née Alms). His younger brother was Admiral Sir Frederick Edward-Collins of the Royal Navy. He was educated at Marlborough College and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, and was commissioned second lieutenant in the North Staffordshire Regiment in February 1900, transferring to the Devonshire Regiment the following month. He served in the Second Boer War from 1900 to 1902 and was promoted lieutenant in November 1901. In January 1907, he was seconded to the Indian Army's Supply and Transport Corps (later the Indian Army Service Corps), and transferred permanently in October 1909. He served in the Abor Expedition in 1911–1912, for which he was mentioned in despatches and promoted brevet major in June 1912.
He was promoted substantive major in February 1915 and served with the Bushire Field Force in Persia in 1918–1919, for which he was again mentioned in despatches and appointed Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire (CIE) in January 1920. In November 1923, he was appointed an assistant director of transport at the Headquarters, Army in India, in which post he served until March 1926. He was promoted brevet lieutenant-colonel in June 1924.
He then served as commandant of the Indian Army Service Corps Training Establishment until May 1930 and in May 1930 was promoted colonel. He served as deputy director of transport at the Headquarters, Army in India until September 1933, when he was appointed deputy director of supplies and transport for the Army in India, serving in the post (with the temporary rank of brigadier) until September 1937. He was appointed Aide-de-Camp (ADC) to the King in September 1935, holding the position until September 1937, and Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in the 1937 Coronation Honours of King George VI. He was promoted major-general in September 1937, retired from the Indian Army in September 1940 and returned to his ancestral home at Trewardale, near Blisland. He commanded the North Cornwall Group of the Home Guard from 1942 to 1945 and served as High Sheriff of Cornwall in 1955.
In 1907, Edward-Collins married Nora Mabel de la Cour Corbett. They had two sons and three daughters. She died in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="36859940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859940" title="Crowe (surname)">
Crowe (surname)

Crowe or Crow is a surname of Middle English or Gaelic Irish origin. Its Olde English origin means 'crow', and was a nickname for someone said to resemble this bird, probably if they had very dark hair. Its Irish origin comes from the word 'hound'.

</doc>
<doc id="36859944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859944" title="Val Smith">
Val Smith

 
 
Val Smith is a lawn bowler from New Zealand. 
At the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, she competed in the woman's triples competition. 
At the 2010 Commonwealth Games at Delhi, she won a silver medal in the woman's singles competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36859948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859948" title="Václav Vašíček">
Václav Vašíček

Václav Vašíček (born 10 February 1991) is a Czech footballer. He plays as a striker, currently for 1. SC Znojmo, on loan from SK Sigma Olomouc. After being Znojmo's top scorer in the 2011–12 Czech 2. Liga, Vašíček re-signed on loan at Znojmo for another six months in August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36859951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859951" title="David Whitehouse">
David Whitehouse

David Bryn Whitehouse, FSA, FRGS (15 October 194117 February 2013) was a British archaeologist and Senior Scholar of the Corning Museum of Glass. He was Director of the British School at Rome between 1974 and 1984.
Early life.
Whitehouse was born 15 October 1941, the son of Brindley Charles Whitehouse and his wife Alice Margaret Whitehouse. He grew up in the village of Wildmoor near Bromsgrove, Worcestershire. He was educated at Catshill First School and at King Edward's School an independent school located in Birmingham. He read for a Bachelor of Arts (BA), later promoted to Master of Arts (MA), at St John's College, Cambridge. He held a Doctor of Philosophy degree (Ph.D.) in Archaeology, also from the University of Cambridge.
Academic career.
Whitehouse was a Scholar at the British School at Rome from 1963 to 1965. He became Wainwright Fellow in Near Eastern Archaeology at the University of Oxford from 1966 to 1973. During that tenure, he was director of excavations at Siraf in the Persian Gulf.
He was Director of the British Institute of Afghan Studies between 1973 to 1974, and Director of the British School at Rome for ten years, from 1974 to 1984. In 1984, he joined the Corning Museum of Glass as Chief Curator. He became Deputy Director of Collections three years later and in 1988 he was appointed Deputy Director of the Museum. He became Director in 1992 and Executive Director in 1999. He stood down from the post in 2011, becoming the museum's Senior Scholar.
Later life.
Having battled for a short time with cancer, Whitehouse died on 17 February 2013.
Personal life.
Whitehouse married Ruth Delamain Ainger in 1963. Together they had one son and two daughters: Peter, Sarah, and Susan. In October 1975, he married Elizabeth-Anne Ollemans in Johannesburg, South Africa. They also had one son and two daughters: Simon, Julia, and Nicci.
Honours.
Whitehouse was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London (FSA) on 11 January 1973. He was also a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society (FRGS).
Selected works.
Whitehouse wrote or edited more than 500 scholarly papers, reviews, monographs, and books. The following are a selection of those.

</doc>
<doc id="36859955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859955" title="Krishna Dharabasi">
Krishna Dharabasi

Krishna Dharabasi is a Nepali author. He won the Madan Puraskar for "Radha" in 2062 B.S.His real name is Krishna Prasad Bhattarai but is popular by his pen name Krishna Dharabasi.He is a Famous novelist and short story writer of Nepal. Basically Dharabasi is an essayist of the younger generation, who despite staying far away from Kathmandu, the center of literary activities, has established himself as a versatile author of different generes such as novel, short stories, poetry and criticism etc.
To his credit there are three anthologies of essay authored within the present decade namely "Baalak Haraeko Suchana", "Naari Bhitra Tyesto Ke Chha Hajur", "Uttamjang Sijalpatiko Aalu", .His popular story book "Jhola" is based on the Sati system that existed in Nepal. 
Dharabasi is the master of elegant style, his essays mostly reflect the life of humble people and rural floks in the eastern Terai. His writing is simple yet full of satire against contemporary politics and social disharmony. His essays portray beautiful local colour.
His deep insight into human nature and the degrading social value and absurd living is sometimes very piercing. He picks up simple event, insignificant for most of us ye reveal his penetrative insight into their objects or events.His novel based on refugees 'Saranarthi', deconstructive novel based on character from Hindu 'purans'(Novel)'Radha' and short stories like "Jhola'(Transcribed-A Bag), 'Nari bhitra tyesto k cha hajur!' . Several of his other novels, short stories, autobiography(Aadha Baato and Paandulipi), poems and articles are published.

</doc>
<doc id="36859962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859962" title="Hugh Herdon">
Hugh Herdon

Major-General Hugh Edward Herdon CB CIE (28 October 1871 – 11 March 1958) was a British Indian Army officer.
Herdon was educated at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, as a Queen's India Cadet and was commissioned second lieutenant in the Wiltshire Regiment in July 1892. He was promoted lieutenant in August 1894, transferred to the Indian Army in December 1896 and joined the 55th Coke's Rifles. He served in the Tirah Expedition in 1897–1898 and on the North-West Frontier in 1901–1902. He was promoted captain in 1901 and major in July 1910 and served as a brigade major from November 1908 and as a deputy assistant adjutant and quartermaster-general from 6 August 1914 to 16 March 1915 and 30 December 1915 to 8 January 1916, a general staff officer grade 2 from 17 March 1915 to 29 December 1915 and 27 March to 9 July 1917, deputy assistant adjutant-general from 9 to 27 January 1916, and assistant quartermaster-general from 10 July 1917 to 17 February 1918.
As a lieutenant-colonel, he served with the Bushire Field Force in Persia in 1919, for which he was mentioned in despatches and appointed Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire (CIE) in January 1920, and also served in the Third Anglo-Afghan War in 1919, for which he was promoted brevet colonel in January 1920, and in Waziristan in 1919–1920, for which he was again mentioned in despatches. He was promoted substantive colonel in March 1922.
He was promoted temporary colonel-commandant in May 1922 and commanded the 13th Indian Infantry Brigade from June 1923 to May 1926, and served in Waziristan in 1922–1923, for which he was appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in May 1924. He was promoted major-general in November 1926 and was General Officer Commanding Waziristan District from November 1927 to November 1931, when he retired.
Herdon served as colonel of the 1st (Coke's) Battalion, 13th Frontier Force Rifles, the successor to his old regiment, from May 1933 to September 1945. He was married to Laura. Their only son, Lieutenant-Colonel Hugh Owen Seymour (Hoss) Herdon, was killed in action in Normandy on 7 June 1944 while commanding the 2nd Battalion, Royal Warwickshire Regiment, aged 38. He is buried in La Délivrande War Cemetery in Douvres-la-Délivrande.

</doc>
<doc id="36859964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859964" title="Blacklite District">
Blacklite District

Blacklite District (also referred to as bLd) is an electronic hard rock band hailing from Spearfish, South Dakota, formed in 2002 by vocalist/guitarist Kyle Pfeiffer and vocalist Roman James. In 2013, the group scored two consecutive No. 1 singles on SiriusXM Octane, landed Top 40 on "Billboard"s Mainstream Rock Chart, sold over 50,000 units, and toured the country with acts such as Saving Abel, Art of Dying, Jackyl, Royal Bliss and Nonpoint as well as many others. Blacklite District's major label debut, "Worldwide Controversy", was released on April 22, 2014, after leaking to piracy sites on April 21.
History.
The roots of Blacklite District go back to 2002 when guitarist Kyle Pfeiffer and vocalist Roman James began jamming together at the ages of 12 and 11 respectively. After writing and recording many demos, and playing live in the Black Hills area for many years, they were discovered by Grammy Award-winning producer Stephen Short, in early 2011. After signing a production deal, Short took the band to Sonic Ranch Studios in May 2011 to record their seven-track debut release, "This Is Where It Ends"', which was released on November 11 of that year.
In September 2011, bLd released their debut single, "I'm Still Right Here", to hometown station KDDX (X-ROCK 101.1 and 103.5) in five states in the Midwest, where it received airplay during late 2011 and early 2012. The group followed the release of the single with a debut concert at the Whisky A Go-Go on the Sunset Strip in Hollywood, California on October 28.
In early 2012, bLd relocated from the Black Hills of South Dakota to Los Angeles, to start a West Coast tour, and continue promotion on the "This Is Where It Ends" release. On April 15, bLd was featured as a performer at the 40th Anniversary Party at the Rainbow Bar & Grill in Hollywood. In May, the band finalized their video plans to shoot "Left Behind", which would serve as the band's second single. The single/video was released on August 28 to much online success.
In September 2012, bLd announced on their Facebook and Twitter pages that they had signed with Creed and Paramore manager Jeff Hanson (music executive), and would relocate to Orlando, Florida to release a new album for Silent Majority Group and Warner Music Group. It was also announced that the new album will be produced by Brett Hestla, producer of bands Framing Hanley, Tantric, and Dark New Day.
On 12-12-12, the band posted a new sample of music, which ended up being the single "With Me Now". The same day, it was announced that the advance single, "Take Me To The Grave", would be debuting on SiriusXM.
On December 19, "Take Me To The Grave" debuted on SiriusXM Octane. Three days later, the single hit #13 on Octane's "Big Uns" countdown, marking the first time Blacklite District has entered national radio charts. The song was released to iTunes on January 2, 2013. On January 3, it was announced that "Take Me To The Grave" hit #1 on SiriusXM Octane's Playlist. On January 19, the song peaked at #7 on the Big 'Uns Countdown. For the week ending January 25, the song shot onto the US Active Rock charts at #82, marking Blacklite District's debut on Mainstream Charts. On March 7, the band released "I Gambled and I Won" as the third track from the upcoming album.
On April 4, it was announced that Blacklite District would be joining Saving Abel and Art of Dying on a spring tour, marking bLd's first major tour.
The bands single, "With Me Now", was released to radio September 2013, to much commercial success. The song spent 5 weeks at #1 on SiriusXM Octane, and hit #15 on the US Rock Singles Sales chart by RadioContraband.com. The single has sold over 45,000 copies, and the EP of the same name has sold nearly 4,000 copies on iTunes. 
Blacklite District launched a US tour in support of Saving Abel and released "Worldwide Controversy" on April 22, 2014. The album was featured in the "Top Rock Albums" on iTunes the week of release. On July 11, bLd launched a headlining tour with support from Another Lost Year and Lullwater. The band is also working on their sophomore album.
Discography.
Studio albums
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="36859984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859984" title="Oxidative/fermentation glucose test">
Oxidative/fermentation glucose test

Oxidative/fermentation glucose test (OF glucose test) is a biological technique utilized in microbiology to determine the way a microorganism metabolizes a carbohydrate such as glucose (dextrose). OF-glucose deeps contain glucose as a carbohydrate, peptones, bromothymol blue indicator, and 0.5% agar. 
To perform the OF-glucose test, two tubes of OF-glucose medium are inoculated with the test organism. A layer of mineral oil is added to the top of the deep in one of the tubes to create anaerobic conditions. Oil is not added to the other tube to allow for aerobic conditions. The tubes are then incubated for 24-48 hours. If the medium in the anaerobic tube turns yellow, then the bacteria are fermenting glucose. If the tube with oil doesn't turn yellow, but the open tube does turn yellow, then the bacterium is oxidizing glucose. If the tube with mineral oil doesn't change, and the open tube turns blue, then the organism neither ferments, nor oxidizes glucose. Instead, it is oxidizing peptones which liberates ammonia, turning the indicator blue. 

</doc>
<doc id="36859985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859985" title="Crump (surname)">
Crump (surname)

Crump is a medieval English surname.

</doc>
<doc id="36859994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36859994" title="James William Arthur Garner">
James William Arthur Garner

James William Arthur "Jim" Garner (b. August 19, 1944) is a farmer, rancher and former political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada. He represented Wilkie from 1978 to 1986 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Progressive Conservative.
He was born in Wilkie, Saskatchewan, the son of William J. Garner and Lillian Brown, and was educated there. In 1967, he married Marie Angeline Harriet Skeates. Garner was defeated by Linda Clifford when he ran for the Wilkie seat in the Saskatchewan assembly in 1975; he defeated Clifford to win the seat in 1978. Garner served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Highways. He resigned from cabinet after it was revealed that he had diverted a Saskatchewan government plane to Unity to take him and his family to Regina. Garner did not run for reelection in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="36860001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860001" title="Lee Lyang">
Lee Lyang

Lee Lyang(korean:이량, hanja:李梁, 1519 - 1583) was Korean Joseon Dynasty's politicians and powerful man from royal familys Jeonju Lee cleans. descendant to Prince Hyoryeongs and uncle of Queen Insun. Courtesy name was Gonggeo(공거 公擧).
Life.
Lee Lyang was a royal family of Joseon Dynastys, he was great-great-great-grandson of Prince Hyoryeong. and his sister Lady Lee married to Shim Gang. Their daughter Queen Insun married to Prince Gyungwon, son of King Jungjong and later King Myungjong. early years he studied at Chung Sa-ryong's private academies.
In 1546 he passed to Saengwon and Chinsa exam. Also he was special recruitment appointed to bureaucrat. But he was passed to Imperial examination in 1552. He was work in a Joseon dynasty government office inspection department, opinion department.
In 1550, King Myungjong was tension was Yun Won-hyung's take of government power and Lee Lyang was promoted rapidly under the auspices of King Myungjongs. But he was promotion second level bureaucrat only two years. But, he was illegally accumulate wealth. In 1563 he was ousted from Joseon Dynasty's governments.

</doc>
<doc id="36860021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860021" title="Holme Bird Observatory">
Holme Bird Observatory

It is part of the North Norfolk Coast Site of Special Scientific Interest. The larger area is now additionally protected through Natura 2000, Special Protection Area (SPA) and Ramsar listings, and is part of the Norfolk Coast Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB).

</doc>
<doc id="36860037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860037" title="Invicta FC events">
Invicta FC events

This is a list of events that Invicta Fighting Championships have held since their inaugural event, Invicta FC 1: Coenen vs. Ruyssen. The promotion has held seven events as of December 2013.
Invicta FC 1: Coenen vs. Ruyssen.
Invicta FC 1: Coenen vs. Ruyssen was the inaugural event of the promotion held on at the Memorial Hall in Kansas City, Kansas, United States. It was headlined by former Strikeforce women's bantamweight champion Marloes Coenen and French fighter Romy Ruyssen, who had lost to Coenen by 2nd round submission in her second professional fight in 2008. The event also marked the MMA debut of 2008 Summer Olympics women's freestyle wrestling medalist Randi Miller.
The event was not televised, but was available as a free video stream at the Invicta Fighting Championships webpage. Fighters Sofia Bagherdai, Randi Miller, Ashleigh Curry, and Romy Ruyssen missed weight for their bouts. Bagherdai and Curry forfeited 10% of their purse to their opponent, while Miller and Ruyssen foreited 25% of their purse to their opponent.
After the event, fight of the night ( bonus to each fighter) went to Kaitlin Young and Leslie Smith who fought to a draw, submission of the night ( bonus) was awarded to Sarah Schneider, and Liz Carmouche and Jessica Penne both received social media bonuses.
Results.
Source(s)
Invicta FC 2: Baszler vs. McMann.
Invicta FC 2: Baszler vs. McMann was a mixed martial arts event held on at the Memorial Hall in Kansas City, Kansas. Like the first event, it was made available as a free stream on the promotion's official website. The event was headlined by
2004 Summer Olympics women's freestyle wrestling silver medalist Sara McMann and Shayna Baszler. It will be the second event of the promotion.
As part of the alliance with Japanese promotion JEWELS, JEWELS Lightweight Queen (115 lbs.) Ayaka Hamasaki was set to face undefeated Austrian fighter Jasminka Cive as part of the main event but Cive was unable to secure her visa in time and has been replaced by Lacey Shuckman. Angelica Chaves was scheduled to fight Kikuyo Ishikawa on the card, but Ishikawa withdrew from the fight on June 7. Ishikawa was replaced by Nicdali Rivera-Calanoc.
Vanessa Porto was scheduled to fight Kelly Kobold but on June 25, Kobold withdrew from the fight due to a shoulder injury suffered while training. Kobold was replaced by Sarah D'Alelio.
Amanda Nunes was scheduled to fight Milana Dudieva but Dudieva withdrew from the fight on July 9 due to a medical illness and was replaced by Leslie Smith. However on July 20, Smith suffered a hand injury that forced her to also withdraw from the fight and she was then replaced by Raquel Pa'aluhi in the fight with Nunes.
Jessica Phillipus missed weight for her bout and forfeited 25% of her fight purse. After the event, fight of the night (US$1,500 bonus to each fighter) went to Sara McMann and Shayna Baszler who competed in the main event. Two submission of the night bonuses (US$1,000 bonus) were awarded to Sarah D'Alelio and Alexis Davis.
Results.
Source(s)
Invicta FC 3: Penne vs. Sugiyama.
Invicta FC 3: Penne vs Sugiyama was a mixed martial arts event to be held on at the Memorial Hall in Kansas City, Kansas. Invicta President Shannon Knapp has announced that the event will feature the first championship bout for Invicta Fighting Championships. Invicta will continue their partnership with JEWELS as Jessica Penne will face unbeaten JEWELS Featherweight Queen (105 lb.) Naho Sugiyama for the Invicta FC Atomweight Championship. Sara McMann was originally scheduled to fight for Invicta FC Bantamweight Championship but will be recovering from injury. Knapp has since announced that a fight will be held to determine who eventually faces McMann for the championship. On August 27, Invicta added former Strikeforce women's champion Sarah Kaufman to the card in a fight against Kaitlin Young. However on September 17, Kaufman was forced to withdraw due to injury.
Leslie Smith was originally scheduled to fight Cat Zingano, but the promotion allowed Zingano to withdraw from the fight so that she could accept a fight for Strikeforce. Zingano was replaced by pro boxer and undefeated MMA fighter, Kim Connor-Hamby. Katalina Malungahu was scheduled to fight Taylor Stratford, however Stratford was forced to withdraw due to a knee injury. Stratford was replaced by Ediane Gomes. Sarah Kaufman was set to fight Kaitlin Young, however an injury forced Kaufman to withdraw from the fight on September 17. As a result, Leslie Smith was moved from her fight with Connor-Hamby to fight Young in what was be a rematch from Invicta FC 1 where they fought to a draw. Raquel Pennington was added as the new opponent for Kim Connor-Hamby. On September 26, Connor-Hamby withdrew from the fight due to injury. After Strikeforce canceled their previously scheduled event, Cat Zingano was added back to the Invicta 3 card as the replacement opponent against Pennington. Julia Budd was set to fight Elaina Maxwell but Maxwell withdrew after suffering a concussion in training and was replaced by Danielle West.
Tara LaRosa (127.6 lbs) and Lacey Schuckman (106.2 lbs) failed to make weight at the weigh in. Schuckman was able to get within 1 pound of her 105 weight class limit within the next two hours and was fined 10% of her purse. LaRosa was not able to get within one pound of 125 pounds within two hours and was fined 25% of her purse. After the event, fight of the night (US$1,500 bonus to each fighter) went to Michelle Waterson and Lacey Schuckman. The submission of the night bonus (US$1,000 bonus) was split between Jessamyn Duke and Stephanie Frausto while knockout of the night (US$1,000 bonus) went to Joanne Calderwood.
Results.
Source(s)
Invicta FC 4: Esparza vs. Hyatt.
Invicta FC 4: Esparza vs. Hyatt was a mixed martial arts event held on at the Memorial Hall in Kansas City, Kansas. The event will be headlined by a strawweight championship bout between Carla Esparza and Bec Hyatt. Esparza was originally scheduled to fight Ayaka Hamasaki for the title but Hamasaki pulled out of the fight due to commitments to defending her JEWELS lightweight title in December and was replaced by undefeated Brazilian fighter Claudia Gadelha. On December 28, Gadelha was forced to withdraw from the main event title fight after suffering a broken nose in training. Gadelha was replaced by Bec Hyatt, who was originally set to face Joanne Calderwood. As a result, Calderwood's opponent was changed to Livia von Plettenberg. On December 19, Shannon Knapp announced Invicta FC 4 would air as an online pay-per-view however due to purchasing issues on the night of the event, the idea was thrown out and it was announced that all buyers would be refunded. The price for the Ustream run iPPV for IFC4 was $7.95.
After the event, fight of the night (US$1,500 bonus to each fighter) went to Alexis Davis and Shayna Baszler. The submission of the night bonus (US$1,000 bonus) went to Rose Namajunas while knockout of the night (US$1,000 bonus) went to Veronica Rothenhausler. Additionally, Bec Hyatt and Jodie Esquibel both received a social media bonus.
Results.
Bonus awards
Source(s)
Invicta FC 5: Penne vs. Waterson.
Invicta FC 5: Penne vs. Waterson was a mixed martial arts event held on April 5, 2013. Shannon Knapp announced during Invicta FC 4 that the event will be headlined by a co-main event of Jessica Penne defending her Invicta FC Atomweight Championship against "The Karate Hottie" Michelle Waterson along with a flyweight championship bout between Vanessa Porto and Barb Honchak and that Sarah Kaufman would make her Invicta debut on the show. The show was originally targeted for April 13, however Knapp announced they would change it to April 5 after the UFC announced a show on that date.
On February 5, 2013 it was announced that Invicta FC had signed Zoila Frausto Gurgel and she would make her debut at Invicta FC against Jennifer Maia.
On February 15, 2013, Shannon Knapp announced that Invicta FC had signed Cristiane Santos to debut at Invicta 5 against Ediane Gomes. The signing was notable because it was the first professional bout for Santos since her suspension in December 2011 while competing in the now-defunct Strikeforce organization. The winner of the fight will face Marloes Coenen at Invicta FC 6 to crown the first Invicta FC Featherweight Champion. Gomes was originally scheduled to fight Julia Budd but was moved when Santos was signed. Budd will now face Fiona Muxlow. On March 19, 2013, Ediane Gomes suffered an injury and was forced to withdraw from the fight with Santos. As a result, Fiona Muxlow was moved to fight Santos and Budd would be matched against another new opponent in Mollie Estes. Mollie's original opponent was to be Veronica Rothenhausler but Veronica suffered an injury and was dropped from the card allowing Estes to be moved into the fight with Budd.
A fight between River Jones and Lauren Barefoot was originally scheduled to take place on the preliminary card but was canceled when Jones suffered an injury. Cassie Rodish was originally scheduled to fight Nicdali Rivera-Calanoc but Nicdali was forced to withdraw due to injury on March 11 and she was replaced by Simona Soukupova. Kaitlin Young was set to fight Amanda Nunes, but Nunes suffered an arm injury in training and was replaced by Lauren Taylor.
After the event, fight of the night went to Sarah Kaufman and Leslie Smith. Submission of the night went to Rose Namajunas and knockout of the night went to Miriam Nakamoto. Additionally, Bec Hyatt and Jessica Penne both received social media bonuses for promoting the event.
The event was the first successful Internet Pay-Per-View for Invicta, broadcast for $9.95 by Ustream.
Results.
Bonus awards
Invicta FC 6: Coenen vs. Cyborg.
Invicta FC 6: Coenen vs. Cyborg was a mixed martial arts event held on 13 July 2013. The event will be headlined by Marloes Coenen vs Cristiane Santos to crown the first Invicta FC Featherweight Champion. It has been stated that the winner between Leslie Smith and Jennifer Maia will get a title shot against Flyweight Champion Barb Honchak. The fight between Charmaine Tweet and Ediane Gomes will determine who will be the first to get a title shot against the winner of the Featherweight Championship Main Event.
The event will air on cable and satellite pay-per-view in the United States and Canada in addition to their online PPV stream, as the promotion has come to a deal with Integrated Sports Media for live viewing at 9:00 p.m. ET – 6:00 p.m. PT on both cable and satellite pay-per-view via iN Demand, DISH, Avail-TVN in the United States and Bell TV in Canada, for a suggested retail price of $14.95. The event was also available as an Internet Pay-per-View for $14.95 from Ustream.
Livia von Plettenberg was scheduled to fight Laura Sanko but Sanko withdrew from the fight on April 26 due to pregnancy. She was replaced by Cassie Robb. On June 4, Carla Esparza withdrew from her Strawweight title defense due to a knee injury and was replaced by Claudia Gadelha, who was originally scheduled to fight Joanne Calderwood. Calderwood was then matched up against Sarah Schneider. On June 23, Schneider also withdrew due to injury and was replaced by Norma Rueda Center. On June 26, Julia Budd withdrew from her fight against Ediane Gomes due to injury and was replaced by Charmaine Tweet. However on July 10, Tweet announced that she was unable to make the fight due to visa issues and she was replaced by Tamikka Brents just three days before the event in what was to be a catchweight fight at 150 lbs. Brents weighed in 5 pounds over so the fight was made a lightweight fight. On July 12, the day before the event at the weigh-ins, it was announced that Veronica Rothenhausler was deemed medically unable to compete after passing out due to her weight cut thus canceling her planned fight with Mollie Estes although Estes did still receive her fight purse. The planned fight between Cassie Robb and Livia von Plettenberg was also canceled due to von Plettenberg failing to make the weight limit. Due to this, a new fight was made between Livia von Plettenberg and Kathina Catron. During the event, it was announced that Tamikka Brents suffered an injury, canceling her fight with Ediane Gomes.
After the event, fight of the night was awarded to Leslie Smith & Jennifer Maia. Jessica Penne received the submission of the night bonus while knockout of the night went to Miriam Nakamoto.
Results.
. Gadelha was deducted a point for an illegal knee.
Bonus awards
Invicta FC 7: Honchak vs. Smith.
Invicta FC 7: Honchak vs. Smith was a mixed martial-arts event that took place on December 7, 2013.
Background
The first announced fight saw Carla Esparza defend her strawweight championship against undefeated Claudia Gadelha. The main event was announced to be Barb Honchak defending her flyweight championship against Leslie Smith. A third title fight took place as Lauren Murphy faced Miriam Nakamoto to crown the first Invicta FC Bantamweight Champion. The event also featured debuts of several fighters including Felice Herrig and Tonya Evinger.
Kelly Kobold was also scheduled to make her debut against Tonya Evinger, but Kobold pulled out of the fight on November 22 due to injury and was replaced by Sarah D'Alelio.
Carla Esparza was due to defend her strawweight title against Claudia Gadelha, but Gadelha was taken to hospital with a bacterial infection and the bout was cancelled.
Like IFC 6, IFC 7 was available as a regular Pay-Per-View and also as an Internet Pay-Per-View. The price remains $14.95 for both ($14.95 is a suggested retail price for the PPV and may vary depending on the provider. The event was also available in High Definition PPV for a higher price, typically $10 more.), but the Internet Pay-Per-View hosting has shifted from Ustream to DaCast.
After the event, the main event of Barb Honchak vs. Leslie Smith was awarded "Fight of the Night" while Nina Ansaroff earned "Knockout of the Night".
Results.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36860040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860040" title="Rowing at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's coxed pair">
Rowing at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's coxed pair

The Men's Coxed Pairs competition at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich took place from August 27, 1972 - September 2, 1972 at the Olympic Regatta Course in Oberschleißheim.
Results.
Heats.
The top crew in each heat advanced to the final, with all others sent to the repechages.
Repechages.
Top two finishers in each heat advanced to semi-finals.
Semi-Finals.
Top three finishers in each heat advanced to final.

</doc>
<doc id="36860049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860049" title="Jan Weeteling">
Jan Weeteling

Jan Weeteling (born 18 August 1940) is a retired Dutch swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1962 European Aquatics Championships. He also competed in the 200 m backstroke and 4×100 m medley relay at the 1964 Summer Olympics but was eliminated in the preliminaries. He won the silver medal in the 200 m backstroke at the 1963 Summer Universiade.
Bep is the elder brother of the former swimmer Bep Weeteling who also participated in the 1964 Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36860063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860063" title="Serbia at the European Athletics Championships">
Serbia at the European Athletics Championships

Serbia officially has competed at the European Athletics Championships since 2006. Before Serbia has competed as part of SFR Yugoslavia and Serbia and Montenegro.

</doc>
<doc id="36860068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860068" title="Ireland at the 1960 Summer Paralympics">
Ireland at the 1960 Summer Paralympics

Ireland participated in the inaugural Paralympic Games in 1960 in Rome, Italy. The 1960 Paralympics, now considered to have been the first Paralympic Games, were initially known as the ninth Stoke Mandeville Games, Games for athletes with disabilities founded in Great Britain in 1948.
Ireland were one of 23 nations to enter athletes and the team of five athletes finished 12th in the medals table, winning two gold medals. Both of Ireland's gold medals were won by Joan Horan. Horan won her medals in two different sports, one in women's St. Nicholas Round open archery and one in the women's 25 m Crawl complete class 2 swimming event.

</doc>
<doc id="36860072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860072" title="LCC-TV">
LCC-TV

Lincoln Community Cable (LCC) is a group of community television stations on cable channels 5, 10, and 21 in Lincoln, Nebraska, operated by the City of Lincoln as public, educational, and government access (PEG) cable television stations. The stations broadcast city council meetings, county commission meetings, school board meetings and a variety of community events and information.

</doc>
<doc id="36860076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860076" title="Łukasz Wójcik">
Łukasz Wójcik

Łukasz Wójcik is a Polish glider pilot, runner-up in 2012 world gliding championships in 18m class and the runner-up in the Standard Class in 2013 European Championships. He had also won 2008 Polish national championships and placed second in 2009 European.

</doc>
<doc id="36860106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860106" title="Cust (surname)">
Cust (surname)

Cust is a surname which may have derived from the given name 'Constance'.

</doc>
<doc id="36860120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860120" title="Carlos de Cárdenas">
Carlos de Cárdenas

Carlos Teodor de Cárdenas Culmell (1904-1994) was a Cuban Olympic sailor who won a silver medal in the 1948 Summer Olympics. He also placed fourth in the 1952 Summer Olympics and sixth in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
de Cárdenas is the father of Cuban Olympic sailors Carlos de Cárdenas, Jr. and Jorge de Cárdenas.

</doc>
<doc id="36860137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860137" title="Iolaus longicauda">
Iolaus longicauda

Iolaus longicauda, the Long-tailed Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Côte d'Ivoire and Nigeria.
Adults have been recorded in August.

</doc>
<doc id="36860146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860146" title="Sergio Ubillús">
Sergio Ubillús

Sergio Hernán Ubillús Segura (born 1 January 1980) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a left back for Cobresol in the Torneo Descentralizado.
Club career.
Sergio Ubillús began his senior career in the Torneo Descentralizado with Universitario de Deportes in the 2000 season playing under manager Roberto Challe. He stayed with Universitario only until the next season.

</doc>
<doc id="36860154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860154" title="Maxym Polyakov">
Maxym Polyakov

Maxym Anatoliovych Polyakov () born April 23, 1982 is a Ukrainian politician, economist and public figure. Polyakov Maxym served on Uman City Council as Deputy Mayor for Economic Activities from 2011 to 2012. He is the head of the Uman Center Political Party's section "Front for Change". He also heads the "Bridge" youth organization and "Green world". He is the co-founder of the "Uman International Economic Forum".
Early life.
Maxym Anatoliovych Polyakov was born in Uman (then part of the Soviet Union). After leaving school, Polyakov enrolled as an economics student in the Uman State Pedagogical University named after Pavlo Tychyna. He graduated from the university in 2004, and later continued his postgraduate studies.
Career.
After working for several private companies from 2006-2010, including Impexagro and KwadroAutoGroup, he taught economics at the Uman affiliate of the European University and at the Uman State Pedagogical University.
He became head of the Uman Center Public Organisation "Front for Change" and its sister political party in 2009 and 2010 respectively. On 15 June 2013 his Front for Change (party) merged into "Fatherland".
He also helmed a studu on the "Scientific and methodological principles of socio-economic development of the Cherkasy region".

</doc>
<doc id="36860170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860170" title="Iolaus maesa">
Iolaus maesa

Iolaus maesa, the Chocolate-bordered Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in northern Guinea, Sierra Leone, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop), Cameroon, the Republic of Congo, the Democratic Republic of Congo (Tshopo) and Uganda. The habitat consists of forests.
The larvae feed on the flowers of "Loranthus incanus".

</doc>
<doc id="36860193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860193" title="Mike Collings">
Mike Collings

Mike Collings (born ) is a sport shooter from New Zealand. 
At the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester he was 21st in the full bore rifle open singles and seventh in the full bore rifle open pairs. 
At the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi he won a gold medal in the full bore rifle open pairs with John Snowden. He also competed in the full bore rifle open singles, finishing fourth.
Collings won the Ballinger Belt at the 1998 New Zealand rifle shooting championships. In 2009 he finished second and was top New Zealander. He is married to sport shooter Diane Collings.

</doc>
<doc id="36860198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860198" title="Global News (ABS-CBN)">
Global News (ABS-CBN)

Global News is a late-night English newscast of the Filipino television network ABS-CBN Broadcasting Corporation and was produced by CNN from 1998 to 2003, The show aired every night after Martin Late @ Nite and before sign-off.

</doc>
<doc id="36860202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860202" title="Slanning">
Slanning

Slanning may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36860247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860247" title="Monte Carlo (vodka)">
Monte Carlo (vodka)

Monte Carlo Vodka is a brand of distilled spirit produced in Cognac, France. 
In 2012, Monte Carlo Vodka was introduced to the market in Florida. In 2013 Monte Carlo Vodka was approved with the Société des alcools du Québec for sale of the Vodka in Canada and will be entering the Canadian market. 
Ingredients.
Monte Carlo Vodka is nine-times distilled and seven-times filtered and made using locally-grown winter wheat and mountain spring water sourced from deep aquifers. The vodka has been described as having "a smooth and unique taste with a hint of French grain." 
Monte Carlo Vodka Kosher Line.
In 2013 Monte Carlo Vodka launched a Kosher line of vodka with the approval of Badatz. Those that conform to the regulations of kashrut (Jewish dietary law)and food that may be consumed according to halakha (Jewish law) will be able to drink Monte Carlo Vodka. 
References.
Find The Best, Raiting Monte Carlo 97 points 
Vodka Only; Drinks, Cocktails, and Reviews http://vodkaonly.com/monte-carlo-vodka-review/

</doc>
<doc id="36860262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860262" title="Italian Strategic Fund">
Italian Strategic Fund

The Italian Strategic Fund, also known as the Fondo Strategico Italiano (FSI), was established in late July 2011 as a state-backed sovereign fund and is speculated to have an operating balance of €4 billion. Its purpose is to invest in strategic Italian companies to help them to compete globally. The fund’s activity is restricted to healthy and profitable Italian businesses, with solid growth prospects, in need of capital injection to enlarge their business and be competitive on a global scale. The initial capital of the fund totalled €1 billion, with 90% of this sum contributed by CDP and 10% from Fintecna. The CDP is ready to inject a total amount of €4 billion.
The fund was set up by the state-controlled lender Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (CDP) on the directive of Economy Minister Giulio Tremonti, emulating a similar fund in France, allegedly after French dairy company Groupe Lactalis SA made a successful takeover bid for Parmalat. The initial capital of the fund totalled €1 billion, with 90% of this sum contributed by CDP and 10% from Fintecna. The CDP is ready to inject a total amount of €4 billion.
In September 2011, Maurizio Tamagnini, formerly a top investment banker at Merrill Lynch, was hired as the CEO of the fund. The position of chairman is filled by Giovanni Gorno Tempini, who is also the CEO of CDP.
Investments.
In May 2012, the Italian Strategic Fund stated that it would give financial backing to help fund a project that will bring fibre-optic cables to Italy’s main cities, as part of the country’s attempt to increase high-speed connectivity to the internet. The €4.5 billion project, led by fibre-optic company Metroweb and its main investor F2i Fondi Italiani per le Infrastrutture will receive an initial €200 million through Reti TLC, the vehicle that control Metroweb. There is also an option for the fund to provide a further €300 million.
In May 2012, the FSI acquired an 18.6% stake in biopharmaceutical company Kedrion S.p.A from holding company Sestant S.p.A for a total of €150 million. In addition, the FSI has an option to acquire a majority stake in Kedrion from Sestant.
Also in May 2012, the defence and aerospace group Finmeccanica agreed to sell its 14% stake in aero-engine parts maker Avio to the FSI. According to Finmeccanica, the deal is subject to Avio being listed on the Milan stock exchange before the end of 2012.
In November 2012, Prime Minister Mario Monti, signed with the Government of Qatar a €2.0 billion development project; the main investor is Qatar Holding.
It was announced in March 2014 that the FSI had made a non-binding offer for a 30 percent stake in the Spanish olive oil producer Deoleo.

</doc>
<doc id="36860270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860270" title="Mirjam van Hemert">
Mirjam van Hemert

Mirjam van Hemert (born 30 September 1950) is a retired Dutch swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1966 European Aquatics Championships. She also competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in the 100 m freestyle and 4×100 m freestyle relay, but failed to reach the finals. She won a national title in the 100 m freestyle in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="36860287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860287" title="A Short History of Ethics">
A Short History of Ethics

A Short History of Ethics: A History of Moral Philosophy from the Homeric Age to the Twentieth Century is a 1966 book on the history of moral philosophy by the Scottish philosopher Alasdair MacIntyre. It is the first of a series of books by MacIntyre on the history and development of ethics.
The book covers Greek ethics including Plato and Aristotle, Christian moral thought including the work of Martin Luther and writers including Niccolò Machiavelli, Montesquieu, Edmund Burke, Immanuel Kant, David Hume, Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, Karl Marx, Søren Kierkegaard, Arthur Schopenhauer and Friedrich Nietzsche. MacIntyre also discusses twentieth century philosophers including G. E. Moore, John Dewey and R. M. Hare.
According to a review in "The Journal of Philosophy", one of MacIntyre's primary theses in the book is that "moral concepts change as social life changes" and therefore philosophers who believe there is one subject of ethical inquiry are mistaken. A review in the "British Journal of Educational Studies" describes the book as a "stimulating, if highly impressionistic, account of the history of ethics written from the point of view of his own convictions about the state of moral concepts".
In a review for "The Philosophical Review", J. B. Schneewind describes the work as a "brilliant and provocative book" that is "not so much a history of ethics as an essay about the history of ethics". Schneewind criticises some elements of the book, noting the absence of any discussion of Henry Sidgwick and also noting MacIntyre's lack of references or bibliography or of careful exposition of some of the issues of interpretation in the history of ethics.

</doc>
<doc id="36860304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860304" title="Glyn Webster">
Glyn Webster

Glyn Hamilton Webster (born 1951) is the Bishop of Beverley in the Church of England and former Canon Chancellor (a canon residentiary) and Acting Dean of York Minster in the Diocese of York. In August 2012, his appointment as the next Bishop of Beverley was announced following the announcement in December 2011 that Martyn Jarrett would retire as Bishop of Beverley on 30 September 2012. Beverley is the see reserved for the Provincial Episcopal Visitor for the Province of York.
Webster worked as a State Registered Nurse at the Blackburn Royal Infirmary before training for the ordained ministry at Cranmer Hall, Durham. He was a curate at Huntington in the Diocese of York from 1977 to 1981. From 1981 to 1992, he was Vicar of St Luke's York. From 1981 to 1992, he was a chaplain at the York District Hospital and from 1992 to 1999, he was the Senior Chaplain for the York Health Services NHS Trust. He was a canon and prebendary of York Minster from 1994 to 1999 and also Rural Dean for the City of York from 1997 to 2004. From 2005 to 2010, he was Associate Diocesan Director of Ordinands. Since 1999 he has been a canon residentiary of York Minster. He was elected as a member of General Synod in 1995. From 2000 to January 2013, he served as Prolocutor of the Lower House of the Convocation of York and also as a member of the Crown Nominations Commission and the Archbishops' Council. He was a chaplain to the Queen.

</doc>
<doc id="36860305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860305" title="Teller (company)">
Teller (company)

Teller is a part of NETS and is a company that provides international card acceptance in the Nordic countries. The employees work in three different countries, at the offices in Ballerup, Oslo and Stockholm.
Short history.
They have a history going back to 1977, when Visa Norway was established. In 2003 the name was changed to be Teller. In 2007 Teller, BBS and Nordito formed a joint holding company.
Business area.
They provide merchants with payment services, which enable payment by card when buying at physical stores, by mail order, phone and online. The cards that are accepted through Teller are Visa, MasterCard, American Express, JCB, China UnionPay and the Danish credit/debit card Dankort. Teller has an anti-fraud section that work together with the police to monitor, investigate and analyze card fraud. They also offer the option to receive payment in multiple currencies as well as different settlement options.

</doc>
<doc id="36860320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860320" title="Kieran Tscherniawsky">
Kieran Tscherniawsky

Kieran Tscherniawsky (born 18 January 1992) is a Paralympian athlete from England competing mainly in category F33 discus. In 2011 he became the World Junior Champion in the discus and has qualified for the Great Britain team for the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
Personal history.
Tscherniawsky was born in Boston, Lincolnshire in England in 1992. Tscherniawsky, who has cerebral palsy, took up wheelchair basketball at the age of eleven. After visiting Stoke Mandeville at the age of 16 he became part of the GB development squad, focusing on power lifting. He eventually gravitated towards the throwing events, specialising in the shot put and discus. He began competing at the age of 17.
In 2009 he competed in both shot put and discus, but by 2010 he dropped the shot to concentrate of discus alone. His personal best in the discus in 2009 was a throw of 21.34m at a meet in Nottingham in September. A year later, back at Nottingham, Tscherniawsky recorded a throw of 27.65 in the discus, his seventh personal best of the year. In 2011 he was selected as part of the Great Britain team to attend the 2011 IPC Athletics World Championships in New Zealand. Tscherniawsky threw 27.52 to finish seventh. Three months later, at the Junior World Championship in Dubai, he threw a personal best of 28.06 to take first place. Before the end of the year Tscherniawsky had improved his discus further, posting a distance of 29.57, which gave him the gold at the England Senior Championships.
In 2012 Tscherniawsky broke the 30 metre mark in two competitions; 30.23 at the National Athletics Championships in Dublin, and then improved that again in July with a personal best of 30.99 at the BWAA Grand Prix at Stoke Mandeville. His performance in the meets leading up to the 2012 Summer Paralympics saw him qualify for the Great Britain team at the Games in London, competing in the F32-34 discus category. At the Paralympic Games, his best throw of 29.05m equated to 925 points, which saw him finish in 10th place. 
The next year Tscherniawsky improved on his personal best in the discus with a distance of 31.51 at the Cheshire & Manchester County Championships in May. In June he represented Great Britain at the 2013 IPC Athletics World Championships, held in Lyon. He entered two events, the shot put and discus throw. In the shot put he recorded 9.76m to finish seventh, while in his preferred discus he threw 29.14m to finish fifth. 

</doc>
<doc id="36860330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860330" title="The Chevin (band)">
The Chevin (band)

The Chevin is an English post-punk revival band, based in Leeds who formed in 2010. The band is composed of four childhood friends, Coyle Girelli (lead vocals and guitars), Mat Steel (guitars and keyboards), Jon Langford (bass guitar) and Mal Taylor (drums). The band gets their name from The Chevin, a ridge overlooking their home town of Otley, West Yorkshire.
History.
Formation.
Singer and songwriter Coyle Girelli and guitarist Mat Steel have been playing music together since the age of 12 years old. All four band members met in school while growing up in the small West Yorkshire town of Otley. They, along with keyboardist and guitarist Mark Heaton, formed the alternative band Your Vegas in 2007 and released one album, "A Town and Two Cities", in 2008 before renaming themselves The Chevin. 
"Champion EP" (2011 – 2012).
The Chevin's debut five-track EP was released on October 31, 2011 on Fierce Panda Records. The lead track "Champion" was playlisted at XFM London, XFM Manchester, BBC 6 Music, and was supported by many UK DJs including Steve Lamacq. 
In November, 2011, The Chevin supported the UK Tour for The Airborne Toxic Event. At a sold out Shepherds Bush Empire show, So Recordings' owner and president saw the band perform. The band signed to So Recordings weeks later. The Chevin supported The Pigeon Detectives during the second half of November across Europe. In December the band supported White Lies, ending the tour at Wembley Arena.
Notorious music critic Neil McCormick of "The Telegraph" described the band as "old-fashioned, OTT and big enough to crush all resistance." UK Magazine Artrocker nominated The Chevin as one of the Best New Bands of 2011.
"Borderland" (2012 – Present).
in 2011 The Chevin moved to Sonic Ranch, a recording studio complex 30 miles east of El Paso, Texas, USA. For three weeks, The Chevin recorded and mixed their debut album "Borderland" with producer Noah Shain.
The Chevin debuted in the United States at the 2012 SXSW Music Festival, in Austin, Texas.
In May 2012, The Chevin performed at Live at Leeds, Camden Crawl Festival and The Great Escape Festival, while ending the month supporting European dates for Franz Ferdinand.
The band's debut single on So Recordings, "Drive" was released on May 28. Major support from UK Radio continued along with stadium play around the country during football and rugby matches. The Chevin's second single "Blue Eyes" was released on 23 July and garnered surprising support from BBC Radio 2. The band were guests on Dermot O'Leary's Radio 2 show. The Blue Eyes video featured many shots of band's home town of Otley.
On 23 August The Sun (United Kingdom) premiered the brand new video for "Champion", starring Aurelia Scheppers. They wrote: "Boasting brooding verses, anthemic choruses and plenty of synthesizer, The Chevin bear more than a passing resemblance to US giants The Killers." The video was shown on "E! News" on September 26, 2012.
So Recordings released "The Champion EP" on August 28 in the United States. The next day, The Chevin made their US Television debut, performing "Champion" on the Late Show with David Letterman. Three days later, the band performed at the Bingley Music Live festival.
The Chevin released their debut album "Borderland" in the US on September 25, 2012 and then two days later performed "Champion" on Conan. iTunes celebrated the release of the album by making "Champion" the US iTunes Store "Single Of The Week" where it received over 1/4 of a million downloads in just one week.
The Huffington Post featured 2 songs from "Borderland" ('Champion' and 'Love Is Just A Game') in its Top 52 Songs Of 2012 List. South Africa's largest national rock radio station 5FM playlisted "Champion."
The Chevin performed at the Firefly Music Festival on June 23, 2013.
Use in other media.
"Champion" is featured on the football simulation game, FIFA 13's soundtrack. The song was also used during ESPN's coverage of the 2012 MLS Cup Playoffs and on the Sky Sports special 'The Magic Of Messi', that focused on Lionel Messi's record breaking year. 
UK-based bookmaker William Hill used "Champion" for its 2013 television commercial campaign. 

</doc>
<doc id="36860347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860347" title="And That">
And That

And That is the debut album from Mike Skinner and Rob Harvey's collaboration, The D.O.T. It was released on Skinner's label The Beats on 22 October 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36860359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860359" title="Church of the Sacred Heart (Heron Lake, Minnesota)">
Church of the Sacred Heart (Heron Lake, Minnesota)

The Church of the Sacred Heart (Catholic) is a Roman Catholic church in Heron Lake, Minnesota, United States. Built in 1921 at a cost of $150,000, the church was designed by architects Parkinson & Dockendorff of La Crosse, Wisconsin. The design is Neo-Baroque with neoclassical touches. It was modeled after Central European churches and based on a basilica plan with prominent twin bell towers. It was dedicated in August 1921 in a ceremony officiated by Bishop Patrick R. Heffron of the Diocese of Winona. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="36860361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860361" title="Iolaus mafugae">
Iolaus mafugae

Iolaus mafugae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda (the Kigezi district) and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kivu). The habitat consists of montane forests.

</doc>
<doc id="36860373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860373" title="Iolaus mermis">
Iolaus mermis

Iolaus mermis is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Kenya (from the coast to Meru) and Tanzania (from the northern coast to Amani). The habitat consists of forests.
The larvae feed on "Helixanthera verruculosa", "Oncella ambigua", "Agelanthus sansibarensis" and "Agelanthus subulatus".

</doc>
<doc id="36860376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860376" title="Beg Khan">
Beg Khan

Beg Khan is a concatenation of "Baig" and "Khan", titles originally used in Central Asia and the Middle East to indicate nobility or high rank. It is used as part of the name or title by the following:

</doc>
<doc id="36860377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860377" title="Church of the Sacred Heart (Freeport, Minnesota)">
Church of the Sacred Heart (Freeport, Minnesota)

The Church of the Sacred Heart (Catholic) at 110 3rd Ave., NE., in Freeport, Minnesota, United States, was built in 1905. It was designed by architects Parkinson & Dockendorff.
The parish was founded by a German community and was originally part of a parish in New Munich. The community in Freeport asked the Diocese of St. Cloud for a priest to form their own parish, so Father Simplicius Wimmer arrived in the community. The first church was a wood frame structure built in 1882, measuring by , with a rectory added in 1890. The parish outgrew this building and built a new one in 1896, which was a brick-veneered building measuring by and seating 1000 people. The second building was completed at a cost of $30,000. The original wood building was donated to the parish of St. Rose and moved north.
The 1896 building was struck by lightning and destroyed by fire in 1904. The parish immediately organized a rebuilding effort, and even the priest pitched in. The third building was even larger and more ornate than the second building, with a total construction cost of $115,000 by the time it was finished in 1915. It required 38 boxcar loads of brick for its construction.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
The parish is now part of a cluster with Immaculate Conception in New Munich, Minnesota and St. Rose of Lima in St. Rosa, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="36860381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860381" title="RNDM">
RNDM

RNDM is an American alternative rock band formed in 2012, consisting of Pearl Jam's bassist Jeff Ament, singer-songwriter Joseph Arthur and drummer Richard Stuverud. They released their first album, "Acts", on 30 October 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36860385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860385" title="Mura River (Angara)">
Mura River (Angara)

The Mura () is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia. It is a left tributary of the Angara River.

</doc>
<doc id="36860390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860390" title="Ivan Aleksić">
Ivan Aleksić

Ivan Aleksić (born 6 March 1993) is a Croatian football midfielder, currently playing for Osijek in the Prva HNL.

</doc>
<doc id="36860398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860398" title="Journal of Economic Methodology">
Journal of Economic Methodology

The Journal of Economic Methodology is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of economic methodology, including methodological analyses of the theory and practice of economics, the implications of developments in both the theory and practice of economics, economics's philosophical foundations, the rhetoric of economics, the sociology of economics, and the economics of economics. It is the official journal of the International Network for Economic Method.

</doc>
<doc id="36860415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860415" title="Iolaus mongiro">
Iolaus mongiro

Iolaus mongiro is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda.

</doc>
<doc id="36860424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860424" title="Office of the Ombudsman (New Zealand)">
Office of the Ombudsman (New Zealand)

The Office of the Ombudsman (in Māori: "Tari o te Kaitiaki Mana Tangata") was established in 1962 under the Parliamentary Commissioner (Ombudsman) Act 1962. The term "Ombudsman" is Swedish and basically means "grievance person". The primary role of the Ombudsman in New Zealand is to investigate complaints against government agencies. In 1983 the responsibilities were extended to include investigation of agencies that fail to provide information requested in accordance with the Official Information Act. The Ombudsman also has responsibility to protect whistleblowers and investigate the administration of prisons and other places of detention.
Ombudsman (New Zealand).
The first Ombudsman in New Zealand was Guy Powles who had a previous background as a lawyer, soldier, administrator and diplomat. He held the position of Ombudsman until his retirement in 1977. At the time of his appointment, only three other counties had an Ombudsman - Sweden, Finland and Denmark. Initially, the New Zealand Ombudsman was limited to investigating complaints about central government departments and organisations. In 1968, his jurisdiction was extended to include education and hospital boards. The Ombudsmen Act 1975 expanded the service and extended its reach to include local government agencies as well.
In 1983, the Official Information Act required government agencies to respond to requests for information (known as OIA requests). The Ombudsman was given the task of investigating complaints against Ministers of the Crown and central government agencies when requested information was not supplied in a timely manner as required by the Act. In 1988 this power was extended to the review of decisions made by local government agencies as well. In 2005 all Crown entities were brought within the Ombudsman's jurisdiction under the Ombudsmen Act and Official Information Act.
Chief Ombudsman.
New Zealand's Chief Ombudsman ("Nga Kaitiaki Mana Tangata" in Māori) is appointed by the Governor-General of New Zealand on recommendation of the House of Representatives to oversee investigation of complaints against government departments, and report, with recommendations, to Parliament.
Current Ombudsman.
In addition to the Chief Ombudsman, Professor Ron Paterson was appointed on 4 June 2013 as an Ombudsman.
Other roles.
Protecting whistleblowers.
The Ombudsman is one of a number of agencies responsible for protecting 'whistleblowers' - employees who report serious wrongdoing in their workplace under the Protected Disclosures Act, which came into force in 2001. The Act applies to both public and private sector workplaces. 'Serious wrongdoing' includes unlawful, corrupt or irregular use of public money or resources; conduct that poses a serious risk to public health, safety, the environment or the maintenance of the law; any criminal offence; and
gross negligence or mismanagement by public officials.
The Act states that employers cannot take legal or disciplinary proceedings against an employee who makes a 'protected disclosure', or brings their concerns to an 'appropriate authority'. The Act also states that if an employer takes retaliatory action, the employee can initiate a personal grievance case under the Employment Relations Act. The Human Rights Act may also be available to anyone who is victimised as a result of protected disclosures.
Chief Ombudsman Dame Beverley Wakem says only 10 to 12 people a year ring her office about the Act and even fewer have used it to reveal information. She says the law could have been used during the collapse of finance companies, and that she can't understand why nobody used the legislation to raise concerns about safety practices at the Pike River mine.
Preventing inhumane treatment.
The Ombudsman is also part of "National Preventive Mechanisms" which administer The Crimes of Torture Act which establishes New Zealand’s international obligations under the United Nations Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture (OPCAT). OPCAT was established to ensure a system of regular visits by independent international and national bodies to prisons, police cells and mental health hospitals in order to prevent torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment. Countries that have signed up to OPCAT allow their performance to be monitored by the United Nations Subcommittee on Prevention of Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Ombudsman appoints Prison Investigators to visit prisons and other places of detention in New Zealand and to conduct investigations after complaints. The Ombudsman also conducts "own motion investigations" to investigate significant and systemic issues.

</doc>
<doc id="36860441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860441" title="Joseph Hoult">
Joseph Hoult

Joseph Hoult (18 August 1847 – 18 October 1917) was a British ship-owner from Liverpool. He was also a Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1900 to 1906.
Early life.
Hoult was the son of the John Hoult and his wife Alice (née Welsby). He was brought up in the Stanley area of Liverpool and educated privately, before being apprenticed to a shipbroking business in Liverpool on a salary of £60 per year.
When he was 21 he set up his own shipbroking business, and later became an owner of steamships through his company, Joseph Hoult & Co, in Castle Street, Liverpool.
Career.
Business.
His business prospered, and he became a member of Liverpool City Council and a Justice of the Peace. In 1872 he married Julia Anne Murray, from Edinburgh.
In 1896 Hoult was appointed by the Board of Trade committee to inquire into the manning of merchant ships.
The inquiry had been prompted by the shipwreck in 1894 of the under-manned vessel "Port Yarrock", which foundered in Bantry Bay with the loss of 20 lives. Its remit was to advise whether the law needed to be changed to allow the detention of undermanned ships.
In their report later that year, the majority of the committee recommended legal controls, but Hoult and the other ship-owners on the committee submitted a minority report which opposed legal control. They claimed that any such Law would disadvantage British ships against their foreign competitors, and would be too rigid as improvements in propulsion and navigation technology reduced the necessary levels.
In 1897 Holt was elected as a member of the council of the British Empire League. In December of that year, he told the annual dinner of the Liverpool Shipbrokers' Benevolent Society that British business had been hampered by too much regulation, and called for the abolition of light dues.
Parliament.
At the 1900 general election, Hoult was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Wirral division of Cheshire. The seat had been held by the Conservatives since its creation in 1885, and Hoult's predecessor Edward Cotton-Jodrell had been returned unopposed in 1886 and 1895. However, Hoult's majority of 1,005 votes (9% of the total) was less than a third of that won by his predecessor in 1892; in a growing electorate, the number of Conservative votes had remained static while the Liberal vote grew. At the next election, in 1906, Hoult was defeated by the Liberal candidate William Lever (later Viscount Leverhulme). He did not stand for Parliament again, although his name was mentioned as a possible candidate in the Liverpool Kirkdale by-election in 1907.
After Parliament.
In May 1913, Hoult was one of a group of British ship-owners who established a mutual form of war insurance for ships. The Liverpool and London war Risks Association (Limited) covered the risks of British shipowners so long as Britain was neutral in any conflict, and the insured ships did not breach that neutrality.
In the same month he contributed £1,000 towards the establishment of a Liverpool Flying Corps,
the total cost of which was estimated at £40,000 for equipment alone.
However, the project was abandoned in June, when the executive committee of the project reported that neither the War Office nor the Admiralty would guarantee the local facilities which would be needed.
The Secretary of State for War, Col. J. E. B. Seely was slow to respond to the proposal, but visited Liverpool in July to announce that any such venture should be organised centrally.
On 8 March 1915, as the German U-boat Campaign moved into a phase of unrestricted attacks on the merchant shipping of Britain and her allies, "The Times" newspaper published a letter from Hoult commending one of his sea captains who had vowed that he would try to ram and sink any U-boats he encountered. He noted that two British captains had already claimed to have sunk one U-boat each, and offered a reward of £500 apiece for the next 4 U-boats sunk by British merchant ships or trawlers.
Others wrote to "The Times" offering to supplement Hoult's offer. On 10 March, a further £105 was pledged.
On 12 March, the idea was criticised by the ship-owner Lord Inverclyde, who pointed out that ramming a u-boat endangered the ship and invalidated its insurance.
The offer was further increased on the same day by an offer of £100 per U-boat from the French owners of Perrier mineral water,
and by 24 March the total had reached £2,000 per submarine.
In January 1917 it was reported that Hoult had invested £250,000 in War Loans.
Hoult died aged 70, on 18 October 1917. He was found dead in his bed at his county home in Bowscar, near Penrith.

</doc>
<doc id="36860450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860450" title="Easter Park Farm Quarry">
Easter Park Farm Quarry

Easter Park Farm Quarry () is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1986. The site is listed in the ‘Stroud District’ Local Plan, adopted November 2005, Appendix 6 (online for download) as an SSSI and a Regionally Important Geological Site (RIGS).
Location and geology.
The site is to the south west of Minchinhampton. It is important for the study of Middle Jurassic rocks of the Bathonian Stage. The exposed limestones contain a significant collection of fossil ammonites, which support them to be dated as "morrisi" zone. The rocks show the character change which occurs in rocks of this age from fine grained limestone to the coarser, oolitic limestones of Minchinhamption.
The limestones also contain fossil corals, echinoids, gastopods and bivalves.
Conservation.
Natural England reports in October 2011 that vegetation clearance is needed to maintain the favourability of the site.

</doc>
<doc id="36860453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860453" title="John Snowden (sport shooter)">
John Snowden (sport shooter)

John Snowden (born 16 January 1969) is a sport shooter from New Zealand. 
At the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, he competed in the full bore rifle open singles and open pairs. 
At the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi, he won a gold medal in the full bore rifle open pairs with Mike Collings. He also competed in the full bore rifle open singles, finishing 13th.
In 2013, Snowden won the Ballinger Belt at the New Zealand rifle shooting championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36860454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860454" title="Ada, Karaman">
Ada, Karaman

Ada (or Adaköy) is a village in the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province, Turkey. At it is situated in the mountainous area to the south east of Karaman. It is called "Ada" (meaning "island") because it is almost surrounded by creeks. Its distance to Karaman is . The population of the village was 435 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36860456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860456" title="La Crosse County School of Agriculture and Domestic Economy">
La Crosse County School of Agriculture and Domestic Economy

The La Crosse County School of Agriculture and Domestic Economy is a historic structure in Onalaska, Wisconsin. It was designed by architects Parkinson & Dockendorff from La Crosse, Wisconsin. It opened in 1909 as a school offering instruction in agriculture and domestic science. The school closed in 1925. The building has also been known as the Onalaska High School Annex. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="36860468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860468" title="Wu Fu (Five Luck)">
Wu Fu (Five Luck)

The term Wu Fu, or Five Luck comes from the books "Shu Jing" and "Hong Fan". The five lucks, represented by five bats, include longevity, wealth, health and peace, good morals; and good death.
To invited good fortune or "five luck drop by your door", people place posters onto the door into their home encouraging luck's favor.

</doc>
<doc id="36860469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860469" title="Iolaus moyambina">
Iolaus moyambina

Iolaus moyambina, the Sierra Leone Fine Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea, Sierra Leone and western Liberia.

</doc>
<doc id="36860485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860485" title="Dere, Karaman">
Dere, Karaman

Dere (formerly Fisandın, also called Dereköy) is a village in the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province, Turkey. It is situated to the south of Karaman and to the north of Gödet Dam reservoir. It is on the creek between Karaman and the dam and is named after the Turkish word for creek, "Dere". Its distance to Karaman is . The population of the village was 1040 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36860499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860499" title="Cırbıklar, Tarsus">
Cırbıklar, Tarsus

Cırbıklar is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of antiquity) plains to the east of motor way . The distance to Tarsus is and the distance to Mersin is . The population of Cırbıklar is 117 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36860502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860502" title="Willard D. Purdy Junior High and Vocational School">
Willard D. Purdy Junior High and Vocational School

The Willard D. Purdy Junior High and Vocational School, also known as Purdy School, is a historic school building located on Third Street in Marshfield, Wisconsin, United States. Built in 1919, it was the first junior high school in Marshfield. It was named after a local soldier who died in World War I. The building was designed in the Collegiate Gothic style by Childs & Smith from Chicago. A substantial addition to the school in 1926 increased the size by more than three-fold and was designed by architects Parkinson & Dockendorff from La Crosse, Wisconsin. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="36860511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860511" title="Elbeyli, Mut">
Elbeyli, Mut

Elbeyli is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated to the west of Turkish state highway . The distance to Mut is and to Mersin is . The population of the village is 435 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36860520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860520" title="Long Wave">
Long Wave

Long Wave is the second solo album recorded by Jeff Lynne. released on 8 October (UK) and 9 October 2012 (US).
The album contains cover versions of songs that influenced Lynne's songwriting whilst growing up and residing in Birmingham, it was recorded between 2010 and 2012.
The album debuted at number 7 on the UK Albums Chart and at number 1 on the UK Top 40 Independent Albums Chart, then also at number 133 on the US Billboard 200 albums chart, at number 33 on the Billboard Top Independent Albums chart and at number 48 on the Billboard Top Rock Albums chart.
"At Last" is scheduled to be the first UK and "Mercy Mercy" the first US single issued from the album.
Lynne said of the album:
Track listing.
"All songs performed and produced by Jeff Lynne."

</doc>
<doc id="36860521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860521" title="Günlüce, Ödemiş">
Günlüce, Ödemiş

Günlüce is a village in Ödemiş district of İzmir Province, Turkey. It is at . It is situated to the north of Ödemiş. Distance to Ödemiş is and to İzmir is . The population of Günlüce is 1491. as of 2011. The ruins of Lydian city of Hypaepa are to the north of the town. During the Seljuks and Ottoman era, the present settlement was known as "Dağdibi" or "Dadbey".

</doc>
<doc id="36860531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860531" title="Sancaklı, İzmir">
Sancaklı, İzmir

Sancaklı is a village in Karşıyaka district of İzmir Province, Turkey. (Karşıyaka is an intracity district of İzmir.) Sancaklı is situated to the north of İzmir at and to the south of Yamanlar Mountain. Distance to Karşıyaka is . The population of the village is 147 as of 2011. Main economic activity of the village is animal breeding and dairying . Beekeeping is also promoted.

</doc>
<doc id="36860535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860535" title="Waupaca Free Public Library">
Waupaca Free Public Library

The Waupaca Free Public Library is a historic Carnegie library located on Main Street in Waupaca, Wisconsin, United States. It was built from 1913 to 1914 and designed by architects Parkinson and Dockendorff from La Crosse, Wisconsin. The design combines elements of English Tudor Revival and American Arts and Crafts architectural styles. The construction was funded with a grant from the Carnegie Corporation. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="36860544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860544" title="Ayaskent, İzmir">
Ayaskent, İzmir

Ayaskent (former "Ayasili" and "Ayasköy") is a town in Bergama district of İzmir Province, Turkey. It is situated in the northern part of Bergama plains at . The distance to Bergama is and to İzmir is The population of Ayaskent is 1242. Ayaskent (then known as "Ayasili") was founded during the Ottoman Empire era. In 1976 Ayaskent was declared a seat of township. Main econoımic activities are agriculture and light industry based on agriculture. Dairy, flour factories, olive press and a cottom gin are the some of the industrial workshops of the town.

</doc>
<doc id="36860550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860550" title="Nathan Harris">
Nathan Harris

Nathan "Nate" Harris (Born 1880) was an African-American baseball third Baseman and Captain in the pre-Negro leagues. He played for many of the best teams between 1900 and 1910.
Born and raised in Middleport, Ohio, Harris moved to Columbus, Ohio with his parents at the age of 14 and started playing baseball and football in high school. A football injury took him out of the first half of his next baseball season. The family moved again to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and he played there for the Keystones.
Harris played football for Indiana and was injured again, which left him unable to play baseball again until 1899. In 1900, he pitched and played first base for Bud Fowler and his Smoky City Giants. In June of 1901 he took over for William Binga playing third base for the Columbia Giants until Binga returned. Then, he worked the rest of the season as a utility player until the end of the 1902 season when the Columbia Giants moved to Big Rapids, Michigan.
Harris stayed in Big Rapids during the winter months, coaching the football team at the Preparatory College.
In 1903, he played third base for the Cuban Giants of New York until he was injured in a game at Portland, Maine. For the rest of the season, Harris played outfield and pitched.
In 1904, Harris formed a team using a familiar name, the Smoky City Giants. He signed players Bowman and Payne, who later found fame with the Philadelphia Giants.
In 1905, Harris joined the Leland Giants for one season. After that season, he played winter ball for Sol White and his Philadelphia Giants where they wintered in Palm Beach, California. He returned to Philadelphia and played regular season baseball for the Giants in 1906.
He returned to the Leland Giants in 1907, where he would mostly remain until a court battle split the Leland Giants in 1910. Harris went to the Chicago Giants and played there in 1910 and 1911. He also captained the team in 1910.
The last known team where Harris played was the Paterson Smart Set in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="36860553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860553" title="Ralph Katzman">
Ralph Katzman

Ralph Katzman (born May 13, 1940) is a farmer and former political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada. He represented Rosthern from 1975 to 1986 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Progressive Conservative.
He was born in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan, the son of Lahe Katzman, and was educated in Saskatoon and at the University of Saskatchewan, where he studied agriculture. In 1970, Katzman married Lucille Jean Martler. He served as government whip in the provincial assembly and was also legislative secretary for the ministers of agriculture and highways. In 2000, Katzman was found guilty of fraud for diverting $450,000 from the Conservative caucus bank account to a private bank account; this was related to a political scandal involving Saskatchewan Progressive Conservatives during the 1980s. He was sentenced to one year in jail and ordered to repay over $100,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36860570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860570" title="Trinity House of Leith">
Trinity House of Leith

Trinity House, 99 Kirkgate, is a category A listed building in Leith, Edinburgh, Scotland, which was a guild hall, customs house, and centre for maritime administration and poor relief. In the Late Middle Ages and Early Modern Era it also served as an almshouse and hospital. Now in state care, it houses a maritime museum.
Trinity House was the headquarters of the Incorporation of Masters and Mariners, a trade incorporation and charitable organisation founded in the 14th century when the shipowners and shipmasters of Leith formed a Fraternity (from which the name, "Trinity", may derive). The present Trinity House is a Category A listed Georgian neoclassical house, designed by Thomas Brown and built in 1816-8, using the existing basement and vaults of the former Trinity House and mariners' hospital of 1555.
Concerned to improve safety at sea, Trinity House established the first formal nautical training in the country and licensed pilots for the Forth and around the Scottish coast. By collecting Licht Money (), by the 17th century they were maintaining primitive coal-fired lights in the Forth. In the 19th century, Trinity House was involved in the planning and funding of new and more reliable lighthouses that took advantage of improvements in technology. These included the Bell Rock lighthouse, Fidra lighthouse and the Isle of May lighthouse.
The Masters and Mariners invested in land, which became known as Trinity Mains, near the village of Newhaven. This land later developed into a suburb of Leith and is now the modern-day district of Trinity.
The medieval Incorporation served as a blueprint for the establishment of Trinity Houses in other maritime centres, including Dundee, Hull, London and Newcastle.
History.
The Masters and Mariners of the Trinity House in the Kirkgate was the oldest and wealthiest of the trade guilds of Leith. The guilds were divided into 4 groups:
In 1380 King Robert II granted the Incorporation of Master and Mariners of Leith the right to levy a duty, called Prime Gilt, of 12 pennies on each ton of goods landed at Leith. An additional voluntary contribution called Crown Money was also collected. Trade was largely conducted over the North Sea, with the Nordic and Baltic regions, the Low Countries and France. The funds raised by the prime gilt and crown money were then used for the relief of the sick, the poor and the widows and orphans of lost or captured mariners; and to care for aged mariners.
In 1555 the Incorporation had sufficient funds to build a hospital at the Kirkgate. The basement of this building survives under the current Trinity House.
Following a series of disputes over payments, in 1566 Mary Queen of Scots confirmed the right the Incorporation to collect payments: ratifying "the gift, foundation, erection and institution of the hospital and of the prime gilt". Refusal to pay would result in the confiscation of sails and anchor.
In 1680, funded by fees and by a levy on Leith shipmasters, the Masters and Mariners appointed a professor to teach the mathematics of navigation to the sons and apprentices of shipmasters. This training for future officers was subsequently extended across Scotland.
On 29 June 1797 the Corporation of the Trinity House of Leith was granted a royal charter.
As a result of the requirement for formal qualifications stipulated in the Merchant Seamen Act 1844, in 1855 Trinity House and other Leith organisations founded the Leith Navigational School (also called the Government Navigation School), based at a room at St Ninian's Church (also called the Mariners' Church), on Commercial Street. In 1903 Leith Navigation School came under the control of the Scottish Education Department, and the name was changed to Leith Nautical College (since merged to become part of Jewel & Esk College).
Prime Gilt was abolished in 1862, so Trinity House had to depend on property income to meet pension payments.
Currently Trinity House is in Historic Scotland care.

</doc>
<doc id="36860576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860576" title="Edge Common">
Edge Common

Edge Common () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1974.
The Common is in the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. 
Flora.
The site is unimproved Jurassic limestone grassland. This is the type of grassland which was prevalent in the Cotswolds, and the site represents a good example. The grasses include Tor Grass, Upright Brome and there are typical calcareous herbs present. There is an area of Beech woodland, and Birch scrub, with scattered disused quarries.
Invertebrates.
It is a noted site for butterflies, particularly the Cotswold "blues" and the Duke of Burgundy. Grazing regimes are being managed to support this.

</doc>
<doc id="36860577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860577" title="Cala Xuclar">
Cala Xuclar

Cala Xuclar is a beach in the northern part of the Spanish island of Ibiza. It is in the municipality of Sant Joan de Labritja and is north of the village of Sant Joan de Labritja, and west of the beach resort of Portinatx.
Description.
The beach of "Cala Xuclar" is set in a very small cove surrounded by cliffs and is at the head of a "seasonal" river. This is one of the best "get-away-from-it-all beach’s" on the island. The small bay is excellent for snorkelling. On both side of the cove there are several rustic fisherman’s huts and at the water line there are some sea caves. From the cove there are walks along the cliffs paths through the pine woods that clad the cliff tops here. 

</doc>
