<doc id="36811473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811473" title="Imre Sulyok">
Imre Sulyok

Imre Sulyok de Lekcse et Alsószopor (? – 25 January 1578) was a Hungarian politician in the Principality of Transylvania, who served as Chancellor of Transylvania from 1576 until his death.
Biography.
Sulyok was born into a Sulyok "gens" (clan) of Szatmár County. His parents were István Sulyok and Klára Kende. He married Borbála Keresztúry, whom he had a son and a daughter. He studied at the University of Wittenberg between 1562 and 1563.
He served as a clerk for voivode Christopher Báthory's Chancellery in 1567. He functioned as Master of Judgement from 1572 to 1574. Prince Stephen Báthory sent Sulyok as his envoy to Vienna in the court of King Maximilian to thank the monarch's intervention in the promoting peace between the Prince and Gáspár Bekes. Sulyok went to Warsaw in 1575 and visited the Sejm to urge them to offer the Polish throne for Prince Báthory. He participated in the reorganizing of the place of authentication of the Kolozsmonostor Abbey in that same year.
Imre Sulyok was appointed Chancellor of Transylvania in the next year, replacing Ferenc Forgách, when Stephen Báthory became King of Poland and his younger brother, Christopher ruled the county as voivode. Sulyok had estates in Doboka County. He died in office on 25 January 1578. He was succeeded by Farkas Kovacsóczy (for voivode Christopher in Transylvania) and Márton Berzeviczy (for Stephen Báthory in Poland).

</doc>
<doc id="36811475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811475" title="Kharabanan-e Olya">
Kharabanan-e Olya

Kharabanan-e Olya (, also Romanized as Kharābānān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 163, in 33 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811479" title="Kharabanan-e Sofla">
Kharabanan-e Sofla

Kharabanan-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Kharābānān-e Soflá; also known as Kharābān and Kharābānān) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 58, in 10 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811485" title="2000 Southern Conference Baseball Tournament">
2000 Southern Conference Baseball Tournament

The 2000 Southern Conference Baseball Tournament was held at Joseph P. Riley, Jr. Park in Charleston, SC from May 17 through May 21. Top seeded won the tournament and earned the Southern Conference's automatic bid to the 2000 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament. It was the Eagles second tournament win.
The tournament used a double-elimination format. Only the top eight teams participate, so VMI, Western Carolina, and Wofford were not in the field. Western Carolina earned the top seed by winning the season series over regular season co-champion The Citadel. College of Charleston earned the seventh seed by winning the season series over Davidson.
Seeding.
<br>
Bracket.
"* - Indicates game required extra innings."

</doc>
<doc id="36811486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811486" title="Kharabanan">
Kharabanan

Kharabanan () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36811487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811487" title="Chato District">
Chato District

Chato District is one of the five districts in Geita Region of northwestern Tanzania. Its administrative centre is the town of Chato. The main ethnic group in the district are the Sukuma.
History.
The Chato District was formed around 2005 within Kagera Region after being separated from Biharamulo District. In 2012, it was transferred to the newly created Geita Region.
In March 2006, Rwandan refugees who had settled in the district were evicted. The following year, a few who had been evicted improperly were allowed to come back.
Climate.
The annual rainfall in Chato District is adequate for crops, being between per year. The maximum temperature averages around and the minimum temperatures around .
Wards.
The Chato District is divided into 22 wards:
Economy.
The primary economic activity is subsistence farming without irrigation, using only rain. Common crops for local consumption are bananas, beans, maize, cassavas, and sweet potatoes. Commecial farming is not well developed, but cotton, tobacco, and coffee are grown for sale. Livestock rearing is usually an adjunct to farming, with some commercial ranches.

</doc>
<doc id="36811494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811494" title="Hiram Booth">
Hiram Booth

Hiram Evans Booth (born 25 October, 1860 near Postville, Iowa) served as a senator in the 1st Utah State Legislature from 1895–1897. A Liberal and then a Republican, Booth was active in Utah politics for decades.

</doc>
<doc id="36811502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811502" title="Courtney Burton">
Courtney Burton

Courtney Lee Burton (born June 28, 1978, South Bend, Indiana) is an American retired professional boxer from Benton Harbor, Michigan who fought in the lightweight and welterweight divisions. 
Throughout his career Burton was known as a switch-hitter being able to fight either orthodox or southpaw, he stood 5' 9" though many boxing records have him listed at 5' 7".
Early life.
At the age of eight, Burton was involved in a street fight on the hard streets of Benton Harbor when three boys jumped on him in which one pulled out a bat and struck Burton across his back. Napoleon Lark (a local boxing trainer) was driving around in his car and spotted the fight and stopped it. Lark drove Burton home and asked Burton would he like to learn how to defend himself and Burton agreed. Courtney began competing in amateur boxing and Lark and his wife Thelma eventually became Courtney and his younger brother Bill's legal guardians.
Amateur career.
Burton was a superb amateur boxer, winning the Silver Gloves competition three times, the Junior Olympics back to back (in 1993 at 139 lbs. and 1994 at 147 lbs.), he was a two time International World Champion, and in 1994 he won the 156 lbs. title and was voted the "Outstanding Boxer of the Event" at the World Junior Olympics in Germany. Burton earned a spot on the famous 1996 Olympic boxing team but suddenly declined participating in the 1996 Olympics. He finished his amateur career with a record of (87-4) although he states he had a lot more fights as an amateur and had a career record of (139-16).
Early professional career.
Courtney Burton began his professional career in 1996 against Sam Mahmoud in Waukegan, Illinois, Burton won by via majority decision. After his debut fight Burton would quit boxing for a while due to his long time trainer and father-figure Napoleon Lark convincing Burton to go back to school and receive his G.E.D., after Burton dropped out of high school when he was 16 (in which at the time he had quit boxing too.) Burton agreed to do so and completed his schooling and returned to the ring 3 years later in 1999 and faced Nelson Hernandez at the Civic Center in La Porte, Indiana, Burton won by via unanimous decision.
Professional career.
Burton would go on to win 14 of his next 15 fights with one being a no contest before losing his first fight to Eleazar Contreras Jr. in Louisiana, Burton was knocked out in the 5th round after being knocked down five times in the fight. In his next fight in February 2003, he knocked out Tomas Barrientes in the 1st round and knocked out ex-champion Gabriel Ruelas a month later. He then faced veteran and Indiana native Angel Manfredy on July 29, 2003 at the Civic Center in Hammond, Indiana. Burton floored Manfredy in the 7th round and knocked him out in the 8th round, this would become Burton's most glorified and celebrated victory of his career. After beating Manfredy in his backyard Burton immediately shot up in the ranks, during the post fight interview Courtney called out Floyd Mayweather Jr. on the nationally televised fight. His next bout he faced Francisco Lorenzo in the U.S. Virgin Islands for the vacant WBO NABO Lightweight title. The fight was promoted by legend Sugar Ray Leonard after the great seen Burton's previous breakthrough victory over Angel Manfredy, Burton struggled with Lorenzo but edged his way to a split decision victory.
Fall.
In his next fights he would hit a hiatus, he was knocked out by Julio Diaz in 2004 in an IBF title eliminator in the 11th round, and would win a highly dipusted bout against Emanuel Augustus in which many critics felt Augustus was robbed due to Augustus outboxing Burton throughout the whole fight and leading tremendously on compubox after the fight, and because the bout was in Burton's home state of Michigan. He lost a grueling match against Ebo Elder on Showtime which by many was one of the greatest fights ever showcased on Showtime's network, Elder knocked out Burton in the last round of their 12 round bout (after this bout Burton disbanded from his long time trainer Napoleon Lark.) He lost his next three fights by knockout as well to Rolando Reyes, Juan Lazcano, and Emanuel Augustus (in their second fight, in which Augustus earned his revenge.)
Retirement.
Burton retired from boxing in 2006 after his lost to Emanuel Augustus in their second fight after being knocked out five times out of his previous six fights. Courtney made a short comeback to boxing at the end of February 2010, and beat Angel Hernandez by split decision. In his last fight he fought Detroit's Vernon Paris, Burton lost by unanimous decision though many felt he won. Burton ended his career with a record of (22-7) with 11 knockouts and 1 no contest, during his professional career Burton won the NABO Lightweight title and was a 2-Time Indiana State Boxing Champion at Lightweight and Welterweight.
Personal life.
He is now a trainer in Benton Harbor, Michigan at First Chance Boxing Inc. with aspirations to start his own boxing club one day. Burton is married and also has a son from his ex-wife named Courtney Burton Jr. (born in 2000), he is also the first cousin of retired 7' 0 Heavyweight boxer Marcellus Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="36811505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811505" title="Kol Kol-e Olya, Eyvan">
Kol Kol-e Olya, Eyvan

Kol Kol-e Olya (, also Romanized as Kol Kol-e ‘Olyā; also known as Kolkol) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 142, in 32 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811507" title="Anton Vickerman">
Anton Vickerman

Anton Vickerman is a British disc jockey and website operator. He was the operator of Surfthechannel.com, a link site. He was sentenced to four years in jail following a privately funded legal campaign after British public prosecutors refused to try him. It has been called the first high-profile successful prosecution for the film industry. He is the first UK citizen sent to prison for linking to films and TV shows.
Biography.
Anton Vickerman lived in Gateshead, United Kingdom. He had previously worked as DJ in England and then on the Spanish island of Tenerife. He returned to England in 2001. He also worked as an engineer and a trainer for BT. Vickerman was married to Kelly Vickerman. In July 2010, they separated citing FACT's case as the reason.
In addition to Surfthechannel, Vickerman operated the websites Supernova, SFD Hostings, Snarf It, Torrent Rat and Newzmonster. He is known variously by the names "Coco", "The Shadow" and "FD", under which latter name Vickerman is attributed as a major participant and factor in the closure of the first major torrent site, SuprNova.
SurftheChannel.com.
Surfthechannel.com was a popular link website for people seeking TV shows and movies. It had over 400,000 visitors a day. While the site hosted no videos, it organised a collection of links to infringing content. At the site's peak in mid-2009 it generated up to £50,000 ($78,500) per month in advertising revenue. He ran the website through Scopelight, which sent earnings to a bank account using an assumed name in Latvia. It was described as more popular than Facebook, though Judge Evans cited that the website was shown to be ranked 514th most popular in the world.
Prosecution by FACT.
Federation Against Copyright Theft (FACT) is a trade organisation in the United Kingdom established to represent the interests of the its members in the film and broadcasting business on copyright and trademark issues. In 2007, FACT and the British police shuttered TV Links, a linking website that contained a video directory for television programs, films, and music videos. Owner David Rock was arrested for offenses of facilitating copyright infringement, even though they were later changed to trademark infringement. David Rock was released without trial.
Discovery and raid.
In order for FACT to close the site, it had to uncover who was operating the website, but Vickerman had used an anonymising service and offshore server space to conceal his identity. FACT hired investigator Pascal Hetzscholdt to identify Vickerman. On July 10, 2008, Hetzscholdt met Vickerman at a London hotel. Hetzscholdt wrote a report stating that Vickerman discussed plans to "experiment with using the BitTorrent network as the infrastructure to offer popular current films through STC." Vickerman denies this. This meeting would later be used as evidence in the trial, though FACT claims that no audio record exists. Vickerman wrote, "I am firmly of the belief that such an audio recording did exist but that it was 'disappeared' by FACT Ltd due to it containing nothing controversial."
On July 12, another FACT agent with covert recording equipment went to Vickerman house, which was on the market, and gained entry as a potential buyer. Other private information about Vickerman was also obtained.
On August 18, 2008, Northumbria police raided the home and arrested both Vickerman and his wife. FACT's involvement in the raid is shown in court documents. Vickerman told investigators that he believed the website was legal and "exempt from liability". Shortly thereafter, the Vickermans were released on bail.
On September 1, an investigator from Bedfordshire Trading Standards Financial Investigations Unit showed up with an "asset restraint order". The relationship between the Bedfordshire Trading Standards Financial Investigations Unit (BTSFIU) and FACT is a deep one. The agency's form for asset confiscation notes that "priority will be given to those referrals that involve cinematic piracy." Vickerman also filed a Freedom of Information Act and found that "BTSFIU had made 23 similar restraint order applications in 2008, all on behalf of FACT." The asset freeze was cancelled a month later because Bedforshire Trading Standard could not legally operate outside of Bedfordshire County.
Crown Prosecution Service weighs in.
The Crown Prosecution Service refused to prosecute Vickerman. On December 12, 2008, an agent explained in a letter, that Vickerman's alleged crime was not publishing infringing material, but making it easier to find said material. It also suggested that civil law could act as a remedy. The letter concluded that "the evidence provided is too vague to establish what actual offences are alleged and thus I cannot advise any charge at this stage."
Private party trial.
Anton Vickerman was criminally prosecuted by FACT under the right of private prosecution in the United Kingdom. Under private prosecution, the party must bear all costs of the trial. The case was delayed due to applications for dismissal, disclosure, a stay of indictment over abuse of process, and for the DPP to take over the case. Vickerman charges that FACT "withheld key documents" from him that would help with his case, including the CPS letter. He petitioned government prosecutors to take over the prosecution, but was denied. The case which was supposed to be for October 2010 was pushed back. The third time it was set was for November 2011. This too was delayed because Vickerman had traveled to Majorca, but was unable to return due to a claimed medical condition.
The trial finally commenced in May 2012. Vickerman was optimistic because of the TV-Links case, where another judge had ruled that TV-Links had not infringed copyright. The trial lasted for eight weeks. David Walbank defended Vickerman. Ari Alibhai prosecuted the case. Vickerman was found guilty of "conspiracy to defraud" instead of copyright infringement.
Judge Evans made a reference to TV-Links, saying Vickerman "pressed on, knowing that TV-Links had been taken down following the intervention of FACT on the basis that what it had been doing was unlawful." Judge Evans claimed that Vickerman was arrogant for not shutting down his website until days before the lawsuit. Judge Evans took into account the industry's claims of damages, calling them speculative, but believed the loss had been in the millions of pounds.
Response.
"The Guardian" wrote, "Loz Kaye, leader of the Pirate Party UK, said the prosecution should never have been brought and was driven by private interests."
Kieron Sharp, of the Federation Against Copyright Theft, said: "Let's be clear, this is fraud and about the jobs of people who service the film industry, not one or two highly-paid actors."
Concerns over FACT and the case have been widespread. Ars Technica's Timothy Lee article chronicles FACT's involvement in the case, from hiring private investigators, to organising and being involved in the raid, hiring the forensic investigator, using a government entity created and funded by FACT to impose an unlawful asset freeze to conducting a private party criminal trial when CPS would not. 
Concerns have been raised as to the effect on ongoing cases, specifically, the Richard O'Dwyer extradition case. Jimmy Wales says, "There is no connection between the two. The extradition court does not look at the merit of the charges. I don't see how this has any negative impact at all for O'Dwyer. It shows the copyright charge would not stick."
Another link site, UKNova TV, was sent a cease and desist letter from FACT and subsequently scaled back its operations and prevented users from sharing links, in the wake of Vickerman's conviction.
Notes.
Charges.
In papers such as "The Irish Times" and "Screen Daily", the charge is described as "facilitating copyright infringement" instead of "conspiracy to defraud", though other sources correctly attribute the correct ruling. In November 2012 Anton Vickerman admitted Contempt of Court in relation to material he caused to be published on the Internet on sentencing, and he received a further term of imprisonment.

</doc>
<doc id="36811511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811511" title="Kol Kol-e Olya">
Kol Kol-e Olya

Kol Kol-e Olya () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36811516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811516" title="Rosalind Brewer">
Rosalind Brewer

Rosalind Brewer serves as President and CEO of Sam's Club, a division of Wal-Mart Stores Inc.. As of 2014, she is listed as the 64th most powerful woman in the world by "Forbes".
Biography.
Brewer completed her undergraduate education at Spelman College, where she earned a bachelor’s degree in chemistry. She is a graduate of the Director’s College at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business/Stanford Law School, and she also attended an advanced management program at The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Prior to joining Walmart, Brewer had a 22-year career at Kimberly-Clark Corporation. Starting out as a scientist, she eventually advanced to president of the Global Nonwovens Sector in 2004.
Brewer’s career with Walmart began in 2006 with her position as regional vice president over operations in Georgia. From there, she became the division president of Walmart’s Southeast market, then president of Walmart East. In 2012, Brewer was named President and CEO of Sam’s Club, becoming the first African American to lead a Walmart division.
Throughout her career, Brewer has amassed experience spanning global manufacturing operations, research and development, marketing and strategic business unit leadership. Her professional interests include building strong teams, inspiring mentoring networks and improving communities.
In 2013, Brewer was named one of the World’s 100 Most Powerful Women by Forbes. The magazine also named her among the Most Powerful Black Women of 2013. Additioanally, Working Mother named her one of the Most Powerful Working Moms of 2013. Consistently, she has been honored by Fortune magazine as one of the 50 Most Powerful Women in Business. As of 2014, she is listed as the 64th most powerful woman in the world by "Forbes".
Brewer is married with two children. She serves on the board of directors for Lockheed Martin Corporation, and she is chair of the board of trustees for Spelman.

</doc>
<doc id="36811528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811528" title="1947–48 Western Football League">
1947–48 Western Football League

The 1947–48 season was the 46th in the history of the Western Football League.
The champions for the third time in their history and for the second consecutive season were Trowbridge Town, and the winners of Division Two were new club Salisbury, formed after the previous Salisbury club disbanded.
Two games in each division were left unplayed at the end of the season, and were ignored.
Final tables.
Division One.
Division One remained at eighteen members with two clubs promoted to replace Frome Town and Welton Rovers, who were relegated to Division Two.
Division Two.
Division Two was increased from thirteen to eighteen clubs, after Clandown and Soundwell were promoted to Division One, and Thorney Pitts disbanded. Eight new clubs joined:
1 The system of using goal average to separate two teams tied on points was used up to and including the 1976–77 season.
2 The points system: 2 points for a win, 1 point for a draw and 0 points for losing.

</doc>
<doc id="36811532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811532" title="Integrated Farm School">
Integrated Farm School

Integrated Farm School ( – "Mojtame`-e Gāvdārī Fārgh ol Taḥeṣīlān") is a village and school in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 11 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811535" title="Shirah Choqa-ye Chalanchi">
Shirah Choqa-ye Chalanchi

Shirah Choqa-ye Chalanchi (, also Romanized as Shīrah Choqā-ye Chālānchī; also known as Shīrah Choqā) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 76, in 17 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811543" title="La Badil">
La Badil

La Badil (No Other Choice) is an undercover documentary film produced and directed by British filmmaker Dominic Brown, about the struggle of the indigenous Sahrawi people of Western Sahara.
Background.
In 2010, over 15,000 Sahrawis staged a protest camp known as Gdeim Izik, in the Western Sahara desert to resist Moroccan rule. Their cries received limited media coverage, and when Moroccan security forces broke up the camp, four Sahrawis and eleven Moroccan soldiers were killed. It was on the second anniversary of this uprising that Brown travelled undercover to the region to film the documentary.
<br>
In an interview published by Newstime Africa, the filmmaker stated that his motivation behind the film was "because the situation in Western Sahara is one that very rarely gets the media coverage that it deserves" adding that he hoped it would "also show how there are many vested interests involved (eg. France and their trade deals with Morocco), that are preventing the Sahrawi people getting justice."
Content.
The documentary covers the current human rights and political situation of the Sahrawi. There are several interviews recorded with human rights victims including an elderly lady who had been attacked in her home the previous day by Moroccan security forces. There is also a focus given to the alleged vested interests of countries in the region, particularly France. The film states that the French Government's close relationship with Morocco, their trade deals and their use of veto over the terms of the UN mission in Western Sahara are major factors.

</doc>
<doc id="36811563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811563" title="Beth Brooke-Marciniak">
Beth Brooke-Marciniak

Beth Brooke-Marciniak (born 1959) is the Global Vice Chair of Public Policy for EY (Ernst & Young). She is also EY’s global sponsor for Diversity and Inclusiveness and a prominent advocate for the benefits of inclusive leadership and growth. As of 2014, she is listed as the 98th most powerful woman in the world by "Forbes".
She previously worked in the U.S. Department of the Treasury for two years where she worked on tax policies in insurance and managed care. Brooke is also a member of the Audit Advisory Committee for the U.S. Department of Defense, is a member of the U.S. delegation to the 53rd and 54th United Nations Commission on the Status of Women, and serves as a Pathways Envoy for the U.S. State Department.
Education.
Born Beth A. Millard, she was first woman to be awarded a basketball scholarship by Purdue University. Brooke obtained a bachelor's degree in industrial management/computer science there, and received an honorary degree from the university.
Personal life.
She married basketball player Michelle Marciniak in April 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36811566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811566" title="Bagatelles and Satires">
Bagatelles and Satires

Benjamin Franklin was responsible for writing satirical "comedies". His most notable humorous work is the collection called, "The Bagatelles".
The Bagatelles.
"The Bagatelles", or "jeux d'espirit" in French, are a collection of comics produced in Franklin's Passy Press in France.
Rules by Which a Great Empire May Be Reduced to a Small One.
"Rules by Which a Great Empire May Be Reduced to a Small One" is a comedic work Benjamin Franklin wrote in 1773. Franklin wrote it to insult the colonies' secretary of state, but wrote as if giving Machiavellian advice on how to lose an empire. Franklin pretended to advocate the tyranny that many over-imposed rulers desire as necessary to lose support of the people. For instance: to keep colonies under control, "...quarter troops among them, who by their insolence may provoke rising of mobs." (Franklin, 1773) This work also advocated poor representation of the ruler.
Remarks Concerning the Savages of North America.
"Remarks Concerning the Savages of North America" was a comedic work, published 1784, referring to some colonists as savages and the Native Americans as sophisticated.

</doc>
<doc id="36811572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811572" title="Maple Canyon">
Maple Canyon

Maple Canyon is located just outside of Fountain Green, Utah. This canyon offers excellent rock climbing, camping, hiking and general recreation. Many climbing enthusiasts visit this area and have found excellent sport climbing due to the nature of the cobblestone rock.

</doc>
<doc id="36811585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811585" title="Maria das Graças Silva Foster">
Maria das Graças Silva Foster

Maria das Graças Silva Foster () (born 26 August 1953) is a Brazilian business executive and chemical engineer. She is the CEO of Petrobras-Petróleo Brasil, Brazil’s state-controlled oil company, which is located in Rio de Janeiro. She is the first woman in the world to head a major oil-and-gas company. In April 2012, she was listed on the "Time" 100 list of the most influential people in the world. In In 2014, she was recognized as the 16th most powerful woman in the world by "Forbes Magazine". She was ranked by Fortune magazine in 2013 as "the Most Powerful Woman in Business" (outside the U.S.) for the second year in a row.
Personal background.
Maria das Graças (née Silva) Foster was born on 26 August 1953, in Caratinga, Minas Gerais in southeastern Brazil. By the time she was eight years old, Foster's family moved from Caratinga to a favela, also known as a shanty town community, outside of Rio de Janeiro. The area, known as Complexo do Alemão was extremely poverty stricken and ridden with crime. Overpopulation, drug trafficking, unsanitary conditions, malnutrition, pollution, and diseases, along with high mortality rates remain widespread in the poorer favela communities. The conditions in Complexo do Alemão necessitated consistent occupation and monitoring by Brazilian security forces. 
Foster credits her success and motivation to excel to the support she has received from her mother, yet characterizes her childhood as "happy, joyful but very difficult". In an interview with "O Globo", she said, "I lived in the Complexo do Alemão for 12 years, lived with domestic violence in childhood and faced difficulties in life. I have always worked to help support my mother and my children and pay for my studies. Willpower is everything for me. I was never afraid of work." She never knew if she would be able to continue going to school. In order to pay for her school books, she often collected recyclable trash that had been dumped in the streets. During this time, her neighbors were immigrants from Portugal, who would occasionally call on Foster for assistance. In exchange for extra money, she would often help them with reading and writing letters and acclimating to the Brazilian culture.
Despite her national prominence and wealth, Foster continues to live in an apartment in Rio de Janeiro's Copacabana neighborhood, with her husband, British-born, Colin Foster, and her two adult children. Foster's home apartment is boxed in by large seemingly ominous apartment buildings, and surrounded by the hillside favelas. In spite of her ability to afford luxuries that would reflect her standing in the country's social, political, and professional circles, she chooses to travel by taxi, rather than own a car. She is easily recognized and popular with local drivers, who always greet her with a smile, in an effort to get her business.
Educational background.
She attended the Fluminense Federal University, graduating in 1978 with a Bachelors degree in chemical engineering. In 1979, she began postgraduate studies, earning a Masters degree in nuclear engineering from the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro. In 1999, she earned her MBA in economics from the Getulio Vargas Foundation.
Professional background.
Foster joined Petrobras as an intern in 1978, utilizing her Masters degree in chemical engineering. She was hired as a chemical engineer in 1981 and went on to serve in managerial roles in the Gas and Energy Business Unit and at the Leopoldo Miguez de Mello Research and Development Center, as well as the Transportadora Brasileira do Gasoduto Bolivia-Brasil. 
In 1998, Foster was working for a Petrobras unit that was involved importing natural gas from Bolivia. During this time, she met Dilma Rousseff, who in October 2010, would be elected to serve as the first female President of Brazil. In 1998, Rousseff was a relatively unknown energy official, serving in Rio Grande do Sul in southern Brazil. Foster and Rousseff developed a lifelong professional relationship, based in their mutual support of the leftist Workers Party, which rose to power in 2002, resulting in the election of Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva as the President of Brazil. At this time, Rousseff was named the head of the board of directors of Petrobras, serving for seven years during the administration of da Silva. 
When da Silva appointed Rousseff to serve as Brazil's energy minister, Rousseff appointed Foster as one of her top aides in the national capital of Brasília. In this capacity, Foster functioned as both the Executive Secretary of the Federal Government Program for Mobilizing Brazil's Oil and Gas Industry (PROMINP), and the Interministerial Coordinator for the National Program for Biodiesel Production and Use. She continued serving in these roles for two years, after which she return to Petrobras. As colleagues, Foster and Rousseff continued to research, network with individuals and organizations, and cultivate international partnerships in an effort to develop foreign investment opportunities to increase and enhance the profitability of Brazil's oil industry and Petrobras, as the country's state-controlled oil company.
In January 2003, Foster was appointed to serve as the Secretary of Oil, Natural Gas, and Renewable Fuels at the Brazilian Ministry of Mines and Energy. During this time, she also began serving as the President of Petrobras Química SA (Petroquisa), a role which accompanied her appointment as the Director of Investor Relations. She simultaneously served as the Executive Manager of Petrochemicals and Fertilizers, which was affiliated with the Downstream Management of Petrobras. In May 2006, Foster began serving as the President of Petrobras Distribuidora SA, with responsibilities as the Financial Director of the company. In September 2007, she was named as a member and officer of the Executive Board and Gas and Energy. In 2010, she became the first woman to serve in a management role in the company, when she was elected to the executive board of gas and energy.
On February 9, 2012, Foster was elected to serve as a member of the Petrobras Board of Directors and after a nomination by Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, she was chosen to take over the helm of the company as the Chief Executive Officer, replacing José Sérgio Gabrielli, who had served as the head of the company for seven years. She was also named a Member of the Executive Board and Member of the Board of Directors of Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras.
Challenges.
On the day that Foster was named as the new head of Petrobras in January 2012, stockholder shares in the company spiked, gaining nearly four percent. By April 2012, Foster's personal and professional integrity came under fire, when the Brazilian press began aggressively questioning business transactions that had taken place between Foster's husband and Petrobras. In 2010, the newspaper, "Folha de São Paulo", reported that a company controlled by Foster's husband, over a time span of three years, successfully negotiated business contracts to supply Petrobras with electronic equipment, resulting in financial gains in excess of hundreds of thousands of dollars.
In response to the scrutiny, Petrobras representatives denied any wrongdoing. None of the transactions involving Foster's husband took place before she had been appointed as CEO of the company. Additionally, none of the contracts involved the oversight of Foster in her leadership capacity with the company, previous to replacing José Sérgio Gabrielli as CEO. Petrobras also denied the claims that the company led by Foster's husband entered into transactions worth several hundred thousand dollars, but stated that only small purchases were made, worth considerably less.
Despite the deflection and discrediting of scrutiny by the media, public confidence in the company have waned, resulting in a loss in shares of over 30 percent in 2012. Concerns with the company's viability continue, focusing on a wide range of issues including delivery and procurement delays in offshore operations, maintaining profitability, while balancing costs with a low price point of domestic sales, and importing refined products from overseas. Additional concerns center around meeting demands, while not only meeting expectations, but increasing supply to an estimated 4.5 million barrels a day, from 2.3 million. Successfully meeting these goals require leadership to address any possible equipment bottlenecks, resulting in decreased cycle time and deliver. Challenges also include the development of new cutting-edge drilling technologies, while maintaining corporate environmental regulatory standards, which safeguard against spills at offshore fields.
In responding to public and shareholder concerns, Foster has acknowledged the challenges that accompany a female executive in a company with over 82,000 employees, in an industry dominated by men. As the first woman in the world to head a major oil-and-gas company, she doesn't shy away from a challenge, but even welcomes it to a certain degree. Speaking in an interview with the Brazilian financial newspaper, "Valor Econômico", Foster said, "have to be prepared to go to work in these companies, [we have to enter into the market. The market is ready ... for talent, competence and education."
Honors and awards.
In April 2007, Foster was honored by the Order of Rio Branco with the merit rank of Commander, presented by the Ministry of Foreign Relations of Brazil. The following year, she was named Executive of the Year by the Institute of Brazilian Finance Executives. In 2009, she was the recipient of the Tiradentes Medal, presented by the Legislative Assembly of the State of Rio de Janeiro. In 2011, she was made a Knight Commander of the Admiralty Order of Merit, and in 2012, she received the Inconfidência Medal, the highest decoration conferred by the Government of the State of Minas Gerais, in recognition of her outstanding contributions to the social, cultural and economic development of Minas Gerais and Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36811601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811601" title="Pointe-Claire Yacht Club">
Pointe-Claire Yacht Club

The Pointe-Claire Yacht Club is a yacht club in Pointe-Claire, Quebec, Canada. It is an important historical establishment that has been a part of the Pointe-Claire community for more than 130 years.
History.
The Pointe-Claire Yacht Club was begun in 1879 when a group of boating enthusiastic came together and decided to form the Pointe-Claire boating club. They were able to lease part of the old railway pier from the Grand Trunk Railway that was no longer being used to ship limestone. The first years of the club were productive ones that were mainly spent constructing their own clubhouse and establishing themselves in the area. By 1890 they were able to host their first annual regatta with its 39 members.
In the beginning of the Pointe-Claire Boating Club the main focus was on paddling, not sailing. Some members of the boating club felt that’s sailing was being neglected, in 1892 they broke away from the Pointe-Claire Boating Club to formed their own club for sailing, the Corinthian Sailing Club. The Corinthian Club was interested in promoting sailing races, to establish uniformed rules for the Government of all Races, and to encourage building and sailing yachts. As an overall interest in sailing increased within Pointe-Claire the sailing club eventually merged back with the Pointe-Claire Boating Club, allowing their old club house to become a storage area.
Library and Archives Canada has the Frederick A. Dawson collection of images of the Pointe Claire Yacht Club 1882-1989 
By 1913 the Pointe-Claire boating Club was large enough to host the Eastern Division Regatta of the Canadian Canoe Association for the first time. The fact that the Boating club was able to reach such a size managed to help it survive through World War I. When the summer of 1914 arrived the club suffered a substantial decrease in members due to the war. They were forced to abandon expansions plans that they had and simply focus on keeping the club open by holding fundraisers. When the end of war finally came many returned to the club enthusiastically looking to improve the club and as well as community life. They were able to finally persuade the Grand Trunk Railway to sell them the east side of the pier, and renamed themselves the Pointe-Claire Yacht Club.
The same threat of closure was faced in World War II by the club when manly of the members went off to war or simply did not have the leisure to be a part of a yacht club anymore, but the Pointe-Claire Yacht club prevailed once again. While other such boating clubs like the Valois Boating Club and the Lakeside Boating club went under, the Pointe-Claire Yacht Club was able to survive and undergo expansion after the war.
The Pointe Claire Yacht Club has had to go through many trials over the years but has always managed to come out on top. It has now established itself as an important landmark of Pointe-Claire as well as a vital part of the Pointe-Claire community.
Bibliography.
1979

</doc>
<doc id="36811636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811636" title="Siddharth Venugopal">
Siddharth Venugopal

Siddharth Venugopal is an Indian film actor who has appeared in Tamil films. He made his debut in Gandhi Krishna's romantic musical "Ananda Thandavam" (2009), before playing a supporting role alongside Vijay Antony in "Naan".
Early life.
Siddharth Venugopal was born on November 28, 1985 in Coimbatore, India. He has a sister named Rathi. He was schooled in the city attending Lisieux Matriculation Higher Secondary School, before moving on to complete a degree in information technology at Kumaraguru College of Technology. Following a brief stint in films, he returned to education in 2011 after signing up for an MBA at Graziadio School of Business and Management at Pepperdine University, California.
Career.
During his college days, Siddharth had taken up modelling assignments and acting courses and in October 2007, six months old in a Chennai multinational company, he got a call from director Gandhi Krishna’s office, after the director saw him in a print ad. After a six-hour audition, he was selected to play the lead role in the director's romantic musical "Ananda Thandavam", a film adaptation of the Sujatha Rangarajan serialized novel "Pirivom Santhippom". The film was shot in India and USA for more than a year and featured him alongside Tamannaah and Rukmini Vijayakumar. However the film opened to unanimously poor review in early 2009, with a critic from Sify.com stating that the actor "can do little to save the film". Rediff.com felt that Siddharth's performance was one of the weaker aspects of the film noting "though he does his best when he's romancing his beloved, and there are sparks during emotional scenes, he seems to miss his cue a few times, making you wonder if someone with acting chops might not have done a better job."
Siddharth, before the release of his debut film had agreed terms to star in another film produced by Aascar Ravichandran to be directed by newcomer Jeeva Shankar. The film titled "Naan" was to see him portraying the lead role with Rukmini Vijayakumar playing the lead female role, however due to the failure of his previous film, the producer called off the project. The film restarted with Vijay Antony's interception as producer in 2010, while the music director making his debut as an actor also took the lead role from Siddharth. The film was shot over two years, with Siddharth playing a supporting role, amongst an ensemble cast also including actresses Rupa Manjari, Anuya Bhagwat and Vibha Natarajan. The film released in August 2012 to predominantly positive reviews, with Siddharth gaining critical acclaim for his performance of the rich youngster, Ashok with a critic noting he is "impressive".

</doc>
<doc id="36811641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811641" title="Clean Monday">
Clean Monday

Clean Monday (), also known as Pure Monday, Ash Monday, Monday of Lent or Green Monday, is the first day of the Eastern Orthodox Christian, Saint Thomas Christians of India and Eastern Catholic Great Lent. It is a movable feast that occurs at the beginning of the 7th week before Orthodox Easter Sunday.
The common term for this day, "Clean Monday", refers to the leaving behind of sinful attitudes and non-fasting foods. It is sometimes called "Ash Monday," by analogy with Ash Wednesday (the day when the Western Churches begin Lent). The term is often a misnomer, as only a small subset of Eastern Catholic Churches practice the Imposition of Ashes. The Maronite Catholic Church and The Mar Thoma Nasranis of India-Syro-Malabar Catholic Church are notable amongst the Eastern rite that employs the use of ashes on this day.
Liturgically, Clean Monday—and thus Lent itself—begins on the preceding (Sunday) night, at a special service called Forgiveness Vespers, which culminates with the Ceremony of Mutual Forgiveness, at which all present will bow down before one another and ask forgiveness. In this way, the faithful begin Lent with a clean conscience, with forgiveness, and with renewed Christian love. The entire first week of Great Lent is often referred to as "Clean Week," and it is customary to go to Confession during this week, and to clean the house thoroughly.
The theme of Clean Monday is set by the Old Testament reading appointed to be read at the Sixth Hour on this day (), which says, in part:
Clean Monday is a public holiday in Greece and Cyprus, where it is celebrated with outdoor excursions, the consumption of shellfish and other fasting food, a special kind of azyme bread, baked only on that day, named "lagana" () and the widespread custom of flying kites. Eating meat, eggs and dairy products is traditionally forbidden to Orthodox Christians throughout Lent, with fish being eaten only on major feast days, but shellfish is permitted in European denominations. This has created the tradition of eating elaborate dishes based on seafood (shellfish, molluscs, fish roe etc.). Traditionally, it is considered to mark the beginning of the spring season, a notion which was used symbolically in Ivan Bunin's critically acclaimed story, "Pure Monday".
The happy, springtime atmosphere of Clean Monday may seem at odds with the Lenten spirit of repentance and self-control, but this seeming contradiction is a marked aspect of the Orthodox approach to fasting, in accordance with the Gospel lesson () read on the morning before, which admonishes: "When ye fast, be not, as the hypocrites, of a sad countenance: for they disfigure their faces, that they may appear unto men to fast. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward. But thou, when thou fastest, anoint thine head, and wash thy face, that thou appear not unto men to fast, but unto thy Father which is in secret..." (v. 16-18). In this manner, the Orthodox celebrate the fact that "The springtime of the Fast has dawned, the flower of repentance has begun to open..."

</doc>
<doc id="36811642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811642" title="Mindy Grossman">
Mindy Grossman

Mindy Grossman is the CEO of the Home Shopping Network. In 2012, she was ranked by "Forbes" as the 96th most powerful woman in the world. Grossman joined HSN in 2006, after spending spending six years at Nike and five years at Polo Jeans.
Education.
Born in a Jewish family, Grossman attended Manhattanville College and George Washington University.
Awards.
In February 2012, she won the Ernst & Young's Corporate Innovator of the Year award. In 2010, the Financial Times listed her as one of the top 50 women in world business, and in 2009, Forbes named her one of the 100 most powerful women in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="36811656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811656" title="Westwood Secondary School – Malton">
Westwood Secondary School – Malton

Westwood Secondary School opened its doors in Malton, Ontario in September 1968 with 585 students. It is located at 3545 Morning Star Drive. The first principal was Kenneth Teeter. The school had a capacity of 1150 pupils when it opened. The school was set on 17 acres and cost $3 million to build.
At the official opening on November 28, 1968 Elwy Yost hosted the opening ceremonies. Yost spoke about the changes in education; that teachers used to rely on textbooks alone. Yost mentioned films, magazines, overhead projectors, slides and television as modern teaching aids.
Westwood Secondary School and Erindale Secondary School are architecturally twins; the exteriors are nearly identical while their interiors are different.
Prior to 1968, most Malton students were bused to Applewood Heights Secondary School. In 1968, before Glenforest Secondary School opened in 1969, the Dixie-Bloor and Rockwood students were bused to Westwood SS.
The brick and mortar of Westwood Secondary School still exists, as do the memories of the students that attended Westwood for 32 years. The school was renamed Lincoln M. Alexander Secondary School in 2000.
Yearbook.
“Fidelitas”
Athletics.
The Westwood Wildcats

</doc>
<doc id="36811657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811657" title="Thomas R. Cutler Mansion">
Thomas R. Cutler Mansion

The Thomas R. Cutler Mansion at 150 E. State St. in Lehi, Utah, United States, was built in 1900. It was possibly designed by architect Walter Ware. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
It is "historically significant as the home of Thomas R. Cutler, a prominent Utah businessman" and "the house is significant as one of a very limited number of Colonial Revival boxes in Utah, and as the only documented extant example of the type in a small town in Utah."

</doc>
<doc id="36811668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811668" title="Death of a Man in the Balkans">
Death of a Man in the Balkans

Death of a Man in the Balkans () is a 2012 Serbian black comedy film with elements of drama written and directed by Miroslav Momčilović. Following showings on the film festival circuit throughout summer 2012, the film had its Serbian premiere on 16 November 2012,after which it went into general theatrical release.
Plot.
An introverted loner who composes music for a living (Nikola Kojo) commits suicide in a Belgrade apartment in front of his web camera. 
Drawn by the gun shots, his neighbours, handyman Aca (Emir Hadžihafizbegović) and bean-loving Vesko (Radoslav Milenković), gather in the dead man's apartment waiting for the paramedics, police, and forensic investigator to show up. Their respective wives Nada (Nataša Ninković) and Vera (Anita Mančić) also come in and out. They pass time by eating, drinking, playing chess, and telling stories of the deceased man unaware that the web cam is still running. They extol his music though nobody can quite remember his name.
When they finally arrive, paramedics and police display more concern for their personal mobile phone conversations than for the dead man. Eventually even a glib real-estate agent (Nikola Đuričko) shows up with a reluctant client (Mirjana Karanović) as well as a pizza delivery guy (Miloš Samolov).
It takes the arrival of the forensic investigator (Aleksandar Đurica) to alert the room to the presence of the webcam, which has been filming all along. Now aware of the unblinking eye of the camera, the members of the randomly assembled group suddenly feel the need to justify their previous statements and actions.
Production.
Made in chamber play format, "Smrt čoveka na Balkanu" consists of a single 80-minute shot from the web cam perspective. The plot takes place in real time. Director Momčilović said that the scaled-down format of his film is a direct consequence of the global economic crisis: "The latest economic crisis forced me into coming up with a film that doesn't require a lot of initial funds". He also revealed the initial script idea came from reading an actual local news item about a man suffering a heart attack during a game of table tennis in the local sports center where the other people who happened to be there called the paramedics and then continued playing table tennis while waiting for the ambulance, reasoning they didn't want to waste the valuable time slot at the sports center.
Reception.
Jessica Kiang of Indiewire included "Death of a Man in the Balkans" on her 2013 top ten list, referring to it as "an immensely enjoyable, frequently laugh-out-loud funny story" and "an absurd comedy of manners that observes the very different way people behave when they know they’re being watched as opposed to when they think they’re alone".

</doc>
<doc id="36811669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811669" title="Mlada (abbess)">
Mlada (abbess)

Mlada was a Benedictine abbess and founder of the first monastery in Bohemia. In 965 she undertook a diplomatic trip to Rome and was instrumental in the formation of the Diocese of Prague.
Life.
Mlada was the youngest daughter of the Bohemian prince Boleslav I. The 12th-century "Chronica Boemorum" by Cosmas of Prague describes her as an educated woman; she had studied Latin and was destined for a clerical career. In the years 965 to 969, she was sent by her father to Rome to Pope John XIII to request permission for the establishment of a separate diocese for Bohemia and Moravia. The negotiations were tough. Bohemia was part of the Diocese of Regensburg and Bishop Michael refused to forego the revenue from Czech churches until his death on 23 September 972. The approval was only granted by his successor, Wolfgang of Regensburg. Mlada left Rome in the winter of 972 and returned to Prague. The ecclesiastical permission was followed by secular negotiations. After the "Reichstag", meeting in Quedlinburg in March 973, had decided to approve the foundation of the diocese, it took another three years, to 976, until Dětmar was ordained as the first bishop of Prague.
Mlada had also brought another result of her diplomatic mission back to Bohemia: the permission to found a monastery. During her stay in Rome she had entered the Order of Saint Benedict, adopting the religious name Maria, and had been ordained as abbess. Thus she was able to lead the newly formed Abbey at St. George's Church in the Prague Castle, the very first congregation in Bohemia. She held this office until her death.
Contemporary sources do not report the birth nor the death date of Mlada. The oft-cited claim that she died on 9 February 994 goes back to the Jesuit Georgio Crugerio and dates from 1669, based on the oral tradition of the monastery. The Benedictines of the Monastery of St. George have not been able to secure an official status as "Saint" or "Blessed" for their founder, who is therefore referred to as "Venerable". Her grave is reportedly located in the Mary Chapel of the former Monastery of Saint George. Archaeological investigations have, however, been unable to establish beyond reasonable doubt that the person buried there is indeed Abbess Mlada.

</doc>
<doc id="36811717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811717" title="Dexter (season 7)">
Dexter (season 7)

The seventh season of Dexter premiered on September 30, 2012. The season follows Dexter's tangles with a Ukrainian mob boss and introduces the character Hannah McKay, a mysterious widow with a green thumb and a checkered past. The season seven story arc is continued over the course of the eighth season, which premiered on June 30, 2013.
Development.
On November 21, 2011, Showtime renewed "Dexter" for both a seventh and eighth season, each consisting of 12 episodes. Showtime officially announced that the seventh season will premiere Sunday, September 30, 2012. These two seasons feature a story arc spanning across both seasons. The premiere episode of Season 7 featured a flashback to Debra and Dexter's childhood. On April 24, it was confirmed that Ray Stevenson will guest star in the upcoming Season 7, and he is set to play the head of a Ukrainian crime syndicate who arrives in Miami determined to find out who killed one of his associates. Jason Gedrick will appear in a multi-episode arc playing the manager of a Miami-area gentlemen’s club that becomes linked to a high-profile murder case. Yvonne Strahovski, who is known for starring in the NBC television series "Chuck", has also joined "Dexter" as Hannah McKay, a woman with a "checkered past" who arrives to help Miami Metro Homicide reopen an old murder case out of mutual benefit, and becomes Dexter's new love interest.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="36811727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811727" title="Sheri McCoy">
Sheri McCoy

Sheri McCoy (born 1959) is an American scientist and business executive. She is known as the CEO of Avon Products and former Vice Chairman and member of the Office of the Chairman of Johnson & Johnson, where she was responsible for the pharmaceutical and consumer business divisions of the company. She was appointed as the Vice Chairman in January 2011, after which she was named by "Fortune Magazine", as the 10th woman on their list of "50 Most Powerful Women in Business", a list on which she has been included since 2008. In February 2012, she resigned her employment with Johnson & Johnson after 30 years and was subsequently named as the CEO of Avon Products. In August 2012, she was recognized as the 39th most powerful woman in the world by "Forbes Magazine".
Personal background.
Sherilyn S. "Sheri" McCoy was born in 1959, in Quincy, Massachusetts. She attended the University of Massachusetts, Dartmouth, earning her Bachelor of Science degree in Textile Chemistry. In 1982, she earned a Masters degree in Chemical Engineering from Princeton University. She received her Masters of Business Administration in 1988, from Rutgers University. She holds five patents registered in the United States and Europe.
Professional background.
McCoy joined Johnson & Johnson as a chemical engineer in 1982, where she focused on research and development of women's health products. She was eventually promoted to lead the company's research and development division, which was followed with a post as the global president of the division of the company that developed products that met the needs of infants, along with products that treated small injuries and wounds. In 2005, she was appointed to serve as the chairman of the Ethicon Endo-Surgery device division, where she was responsible for business in Latin America. She simultaneously served as a member of the Operating Committee of the Medical Device and Diagnostics Group.
In 2008, McCoy was appointed to chair the Surgical Care Group. This leadership role established her as a member of the company's Executive Committee and one of the highest-ranking female executives in the global drug industry. On January 1, 2009, she was promoted to serve Johnson & Johnson as their Worldwide Chairman of the Pharmaceuticals Group, where she was responsible for new product development and distribution, along with acquisitions and partnerships. She also led the group during legal proceedings and loss of patent exclusivity. In 2010, she was promoted to Vice Chairman of the company.
In February 2012, after 30 years of employment with Johnson & Johnson, McCoy was passed over for a promotion to succeed William C. Weldon as Chief Executive Officer. When Alex Gorsky, head of the industry trade association known as Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) and CEO of Novartis was named to succeed Weldon, McCoy resigned from Johnson & Johnson, effective April 18, 2012.
In March 2012, French beauty products manufacturer, Coty attempted a takeover of Avon Products, presenting an unsolicited $10 billion buyout offer. The bid was rejected by Avon shareholders, who believed that the company was worth more, stating that the monetary offer was way below the market value that would be feasible under the leadership of a new Chief Executive Officer. On April 9, 2012, just two weeks after the takeover was rejected, it was announced that McCoy was chosen to lead Avon Products as their new CEO, effective April 23, 2012.
Board memberships.
While employed with Johnson & Johnson, McCoy represented the company as a member of the Board of Directors of PhRMA, the National Quality Forum, and the Institute of Medicine's Roundtable on Value & Science-Driven Health Care.
Following her appointment as CEO of Avon Products, McCoy continues to serve on the Board of Directors of For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology (FIRST), a nonprofit organization based out of Manchester, New Hampshire, that focuses on developing programs designed to inspire students to consider a career in the fields of engineering and technology. She is additionally a member of the Rutgers University President's Business Leaders Cabinet, while simultaneously serving on the board of Stonehill College, a Roman Catholic liberal arts college located in Easton, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="36811753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811753" title="Mary Barra">
Mary Barra

Mary Teresa Barra (born December 24, 1961) is the Chief Executive Officer of General Motors, since January 15, 2014. Barra is the first female CEO of a major global automaker. On December 10, 2013, GM named her to succeed Dan Akerson as Chief Executive Officer, and prior to that, Barra served as the Executive Vice President of Global Product Development, Purchasing and Supply Chain at General Motors.
In April 2014, Barra was featured on the cover of " Time"'s "100 Most Influential People in the World." 
Education and career.
She was born Mary Teresa Makela. Her father worked as a die maker at Pontiac for 39 years. She studied electrical engineering at General Motors Institute (now Kettering University), obtaining a Bachelor of Science degree. Receiving a GM fellowship at Stanford Graduate School of Business in 1988, she obtained a Masters in Business Administration from the school in 1990.
She started working for General Motors at the age of 18 as a co-op student in 1980 and subsequently held a variety of engineering and administrative positions, including being manager of the Detroit/Hamtramck Assembly plant.
In February 2008 she became Vice President of Global Manufacturing Engineering. In July 2009 she advanced to the position of Vice President of Global Human Resources, which she held until February 2011, when she was named Executive Vice President of Global Product Development. The latter position included responsibilities for design; she has worked to reduce the number of automobile platforms in GM. In August 2013, her Vice President responsibility was extended to include Global Purchasing and Supply Chain.
Barra was listed as one of the world's most powerful women by "Forbes", for the third time, in 2014. She was listed seventh, rising from 35th in 2013.
On May 3, 2014 she delivered the Spring Commencement address for University of Michigan's Ann Arbor campus at Michigan Stadium. She received an honorary degree.
Personal life.
Barra's parents are of Finnish descent. She is married to consultant Tony Barra, whom she met while studying at Kettering University, and has two children. The family lives in Northville, a suburb of Detroit. She has named the Chevrolet Camaro and the Pontiac Firebird as her favorite cars.

</doc>
<doc id="36811772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811772" title="Wittmoor bog trackway">
Wittmoor bog trackway

The Wittmoor bog trackway is the name given to each of two prehistoric corduroy roads, trackway No. I being discovered in 1898 and trackway No. II in 1904 in the "Wittmoor" bog in northern Hamburg, Germany. The trackways date to the 4th and 7th century AD, both linked the eastern and western shores of the formerly inaccessible, swampy bog. A part of the older trackway No. II dating to the period of the Roman Empire is on display at the permanent exhibition of the Archaeological Museum Hamburg in Harburg, Hamburg.
Location.
Both bog trackways are located in the Wittmoor bog in the Hamburg districts of Duvenstedt, Lemsahl-Mellingstedt and the Norderstedt district of Glashütte in Schleswig-Holstein. Both trackways have been disturbed by historical peat cutters. In 1898 Ludwig Fram, a local school teacher and historian followed a hint from Hinrich Mohr, a carpenter from Poppenbüttel, showing him the location of what he called a Russian causeway which is actually trackway No. I. In 1900 Frahm excavated a few planks of the trackway, publishing his findings in 1901 and 1913. The two bog trackways found in Wittmoor were excellently preserved due to the moist, peaty soil.
Bog trackway No. I.
Bog trackway I (location: ) was discovered in 1898, in 1900 and 1901 Frahm excavated a part of the trackway together with Prof. Wilms and it was re-examined by the archaeologists Prejawa and Kolumbe in the 1930s. The trackway ran in southeasterly direction through the Wittmoor and had a length of about . Even during World War II most of the western part of the pead bog were cut for fuel production which destroyed large sections of the trackway. This bog trackway was built up in a much easier technique than the older bog trackway II The path consisted of clean-hewn oak planks ranging from to in length and to width laid directly on the surface of the bog. The trackway was embedded in the peat in a depth of only from below the surface. Also in this part of the bog peat was regularly taken for fuel production, which gradually destroyed the trackway. The well-preserved wooden planks of the way were taken by the peat cutters and used as firewood.
Bog trackway No. II.
Bog trackway No. II (location: ) was discovered in 1904 by Hamburg state geologist Dr. Wolff. It too runs in a southeasterly direction through the Wittmoor, and had a length of about and was located parallel to and south-southwest of trackway No. I. This path was gradually destroyed through regular peat cutting. In 1947 approximately of the central part was excavated by Kellermann in 1947 which is now on displayed in the permanent collection of the Archaeological Museum in Hamburg. The substructure of the road consisted of two split oak planks that were placed parallel to each other on a sand or gravel foundation on the formerly swampy terrain. The thresholds were piles of split oak boards ranging from about to in length, widths between and and thickness of to laid transverse to the direction of the path. The thresholds were notched so as to prevent slipping on the boards. Every second threshold was cut diagonally at the ends. Through the gaps birch poles were driven into the ground to prevent slipping of the thresholds. A large part of the excavated path resembled a building site, the woods were torn out of the path way and thrown together in one place. Beside it newly trimmed timbers were found which were designed to be built in the new way, as well as items interpreted as tools, like a crowbar and mallet. Charred small pieces of wood indicating a fireplace. In 1938 the bog trackway was initially dated by pollen analysis to the 6th century BC; however, a radiocarbon dating performed in 1957 yielded an age nearer the beginning of the Christian era. The most recent dendrochronological dating performed in 1996 yielded a felling date of the trees around the 330 AD 
Interpretation.
The discovery of the two bog trackways disproved the old doctrine that such bog trackways only occurred south of the river Elbe. They show that in earlier times, a lively exchange between the western and eastern shores of the marshland occurred, and that the routes were considered so important that a significant logistical and substantive effort was expended to build paths through the marsh rather than circumvent the area. No archaeological evidence for settlements have been detected belonging to the bog trackways.

</doc>
<doc id="36811791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811791" title="Jan Fields">
Jan Fields

Jan Fields is an American business executive. She is known as the President of McDonald's Restaurants. She has been recognized by "Forbes Magazine" as one of the most powerful women in the world.
Professional background.
She started her career as a crew member at a McDonald's restaurant in 1978, and worked her way up the organisation through the management chain. She served as president and senior vice president of McDonald’s Central Division, senior vice president in the former Southeast Division and regional vice president of the Pittsburgh region. She was then appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, where she oversaw the operations of the 14,000 U.S. McDonald’s restaurants. She was appointed President of McDonald's USA in 2010.
In August 2012, she was recognized as the 88th most powerful woman in the world by "Forbes Magazine", as well as being awarded the Women Operators Network Recognition Award and the Women’s Leadership Award.
On November 15, 2012, Fields announced she is stepping down after two years on the job, following a decision made by senior management. Fields will depart December 1, 2012, and will be replaced by Jeff Stratton, currently McDonald’s global chief restaurant officer. 
Fields serves on the boards of Monsanto, the Chicago Urban League, and United Cerebral Palsy. She lives in the Chicago area with her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="36811806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811806" title="Louis Jules Ernest Malinvaud">
Louis Jules Ernest Malinvaud

Louis Jules Ernest Malinvaud (26 September 1836, Paris – 22 September 1913) was a French physician and botanist.
Beginning in 1860, he studied medicine in Limoges and later Paris (from 1863). After serving as a doctor during the Franco-Prussian War, he left the medical practice in order to consecrate his energies towards botany. As a botanist he collaborated with Pierre Marie Édouard Lamy de la Chapelle (1804–1886).
In 1861 he became a member of the "Société botanique de France". The plant genus "Malinvaudia" (subfamily Asclepiadaceae) was named after him by Eugène Pierre Nicolas Fournier (1834-1884).

</doc>
<doc id="36811818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811818" title="Anton Mari H. Lim">
Anton Mari H. Lim

Anton Mari H. Lim, DVM, better known as Anton Lim, is a Filipino veterinarian, businessman, and humanitarian, and a frequent speaker, organizer, and volunteer throughout the Philippines as he advocates for the disadvantaged. Coordinator of Tzu Chi Foundation, Zamboanga Liaison Office for 12 years, he recently co-founded the Yellow Boat of Hope Foundation, which speaks to the needs of communities where (for example) students are often forced to swim to and from school. To provide support, he networks with local, national, and international nonprofits, private organizations, and committed volunteers. In addition to his veterinary practice and several small businesses, Dr. Lim is a licensed real estate broker.
An active member of Rotary Club of Zamboanga City, Dr. Lim was an early winner of the TESDA-IX Kabalikat Awards in Western Mindanao. He also sits on the Board of Tzu Chi Foundation, Philippine Branch Office, and is a director of Rotary Club of Zamboanga City, as well as a past president, and has received numerous Rotary International awards and citations among which is the Rotary International Service Above Self Award, the highest award Rotary International can bestow to its members worldwide. He is considered the Chief Dreamer and Implementer for the Zamboanga Funds for Little Kids, which was the initial humanitarian movement of what is now the Yellow Boat of Hope Foundation.
Early life and education.
Lim grew up in Zamboanga City witnessing his parents, Antonio and Maria Yu Lim Bo helping other people without fanfare at crucial times in their lives. A graduate of Zamboanga Chong Hua High School, he went on to attend University of the Philippines Diliman, graduating with a UPCVM in 1982. He went on to place among the Top 10 in the government licensure examination for Veterinarians.
Early career.
Born November 22, 1965, in Zamboanga City Mindanao, Philippines, Lim began his career as a veterinarian, and later, after meeting the founder of Tzu Chi, Dharma Master Cheng Yen he was soon challenged to establish a liaison office in Zamboanga City, and eventually agreed. He has always been involved in community service, much of which is through the Rotary Club of Zamboanga City.
EDSA People Power Commission.
A strong advocate for good governance and linking government with the people and civil society organizations, he sits as National Execom member of the People Power Volunteers for Reform and was recently appointed by Benigno Aquino, President of the Philippines as one of the 5 commissioners of the EDSA People Power Commission whose main task is to perpetuate the spirit of the EDSA People Power Revolution by developing an army of volunteers for nation building.
Tzu Chi Foundation.
His current activity often involves collaboration between Tzu Chi and the Yellow Boat Foundation, which Lim co-founded with Jay Jaboneta. He is often found organizing and leading medical, surgical missions in the form of free services for indigents in the many depressed areas of Zamboanga City and neighboring cities and provinces. He also oversees assistance in the surgical needs of special cases; provisions of medical needs to residents in homes for the elderly, physically and sexually-abused children; other medical and health services in the community; and educational and economic needs that arise. In times of manmade and natural calamities, Lim is often seen leading Tzu Chi Zamboanga promptly, often with massive resources.
Dr. Lim spearheaded the establishment and now helps coordinate the Tzu Chi Great Love Physical Rehabilitation and Jaipur Foot Prosthesis Manufacturing Center and the Tzu Chi Great Love Eye Center. The centers are dedicated to alleviating the suffering of those who can be helped by physical therapy and rehabilitation. It restores hope of amputees by making them walk again by donation of FREE Jaipur Foot prosthesis nationwide through the numerous Tzu Chi-Jaipur Foot Camps it held in cooperation with local NGOs. Tzu Chi Great Love Eye Center help those with eye problems who can't afford the treatment or surgeries. Often an initial visit to a poverty-level potential Yellow Boat community reveals unusual medical needs, and plans begin to find a way to get these people the help they need at a Tzu Chi Free Clinic.
Yellow Boat of Hope Foundation (2010-present).
The Yellow Boat Project is Jaboneta and Lim’s first try to restore hope and empower entire communities. In less than two years the Yellow Boat project has grown into a national movement in many underprivileged communities. These are called Yellow Boat Communities, but it's often about more than boats: it's the Yellow Boat principle of helping others so they may learn, grow, and flourish on their own. There is now a registered foundation named Yellow Boat of Hope Foundation, Inc.
A strong believer in empowerment, education, community cohesion, and sustainability, Dr. Lim, Jay Jaboneta, Ofelia M. Samar-Sy and their fellow Yellow Boat associates offers transportation, medical help, economic involvement, and educational support. The goal is that by giving these communities the necessary tools to succeed, these communities will, in time, no longer need the Yellow Boat Foundation.
Kabang.
In mid-2012, Dr. Lim became the caregiver of Filipino hero dog, Kabang, and in early October, accompanied her to the United States: University of California, Davis. On October 17, the university announced that doctors would not be able to close Kabang’s wound until she received treatment for a vaginal tumor and heartworm. They estimate it could be several months before Kabang will be ready to undergo dental surgery and facial reconstruction. Update: June 2013. The surgery is complete and Dr. Lim and Team Kabang accompanied her to the Philippines. She has had a great deal of publicity, and there are plans for her return to her normal life with Dr. Lim as an ongoing mentor.

</doc>
<doc id="36811869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811869" title="Sue Naegle">
Sue Naegle

Sue Naegle is an American business executive. She is the President of HBO Entertainment, Time Warner Cable. In August 2012, she was recognized as the 46th most powerful woman in the world by "Forbes Magazine". She was married to comedian Dana Gould and has three daughters adopted from China.
Naegle grew up in Rockaway, New Jersey and attended Morris Hills High School.

</doc>
<doc id="36811900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811900" title="Boophis axelmeyeri">
Boophis axelmeyeri

Boophis axelmeyeri is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar.

</doc>
<doc id="36811913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811913" title="Ramez Galal">
Ramez Galal

Ramez Galal () (born April 20, 1973) is an Egyptian actor and singer. He graduated from the Academy of Arts (Egypt). He played minor roles including 2007's Dreams Of the Careless Young.
Biography.
Ramez Galal is the son of the director Ahmed Tawfik Galal and Yasser Galal's brother. He studied at Kasr Al Tefl primary school and then moved to El Orman preparatory school. His secondary school was El Giza. After graduating, Ramez decided to join the institute for dramatic arts the acting and directing section. He entered military service after graduating, then returned to acting.

</doc>
<doc id="36811916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811916" title="Kunwar Mohinder Singh Bedi Sahar">
Kunwar Mohinder Singh Bedi Sahar

Kunwar Mohinder Singh Bedi () pen name Sahar was an Indian Urdu poet. "The Times of India" called him a "noted Urdu poet".
Personal life.
Sahar was born in Sahiwal, Punjab, British India in 1920, now in Pakistan and after Partition of India-Pakistan his family shifted to Fazilka, India
Career.
His poetry is varied and includes traditional themes of love and yearning but also themes of unity, peace between India and Pakistan and humor. His poetry is considered to belong to the same transreligious and transnational tradition as that of other well-known poets from the Indian subcontinent such as Muhammad Iqbal, Faiz Ahmad Faiz and Ahmad Faraz.
Sahar's first book of poetry was "T̤ulūʻ-i saḥar" (1962) (translation "Advent of Daybreak"; the title is a play on words as pen name "Sahar", in Urdu means "daybreak"). In 1983, he published a collection of autobiographical poetry titled "Yādon̲ kā jashn" ("A Celebration of Memories").
An international event to celebrate his poetry, called Jashan-e-Sahar ("A celebration for Sahar"), was held in the U.A.E. in 1992.
Poetry.
An example of his use of humor to make a serious point is the following Ruba'i:
Translation
Kanwar Mohinder Singh Bedi Award.
An award was created in his honor known as the Kanwar Mohinder Singh Bedi Award, presented by Haryana Urdu Akademi. It has included a cash prize of Rs. 25,000, a Shawl, memento and citation.

</doc>
<doc id="36811936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811936" title="East Franklin, New Jersey">
East Franklin, New Jersey

East Franklin is a census-designated place and unincorporated community located in Franklin Township, in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the CDP's population was 8,669.
Geography.
East Franklin is located at (40.492887,-74.471123). According to the United States Census Bureau, East Franklin had a total area of 1.088 square miles (2.817 km2), of which, 1.086 square miles (2.812 km2) of it is land and 0.002 square miles (0.004 km2) of it (0.15%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="36811941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811941" title="Bahrain Thirteen">
Bahrain Thirteen

The Bahrain Thirteen are thirteen Bahraini opposition leaders, rights activists, bloggers and Shia clerics arrested between 17 March and 9 April 2011 in connection with their role in the national uprising. In June 2011, they were tried by a special military court, the National Safety Court, and convicted of "setting up terror groups to topple the royal regime and change the constitution"; they received sentences ranging from two years to life in prison. A military appeal court upheld the sentences in September. The trial was "one of the most prominent" before the National Safety Court. A retrial in a civilian court was held in April 2012 but the accused were not released from prison. The sentences were upheld again on 4 September 2012. On 7 January 2013, the defendants lost their last chance of appeal when the Court of Cassation, Bahrain's top court upheld the sentences.
The thirteen are Abdulhadi al-Khawaja, Abdulhadi al-Mukhodher, Abduljalil al-Miqdad, Abduljalil al-Singace, Abdulla al-Mahroos, Abdulwahab Hussain, Hasan Mushaima, Ibrahim Sharif, Mohamed Habib al-Miqdad, Mohamed Hasan Jawad, Mohamed Ismail, Sa’eed al-Nuri and Salah al-Khawaja. They were originally twenty-one, but seven were tried "in absentia" and one was released in April 2012. The thirteen became popular heroes in Bahrain, and analysts speculated that the government was concerned that their release might re-energize the protest movement and frustrate government supporters who oppose any royal pardons.
The trial, conviction and sentencing of the Bahrain Thirteen drew expressions of concern from European Union, Denmark, France, Ireland, United Kingdom and United States, and international organizations including the United Nations, Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch, Reporters Without Borders, Committee to Protect Journalists and Human Rights First. The government of Bahrain maintained that trials were fair. The Bahrain Independent Commission of Inquiry (BICI), an independent inquiry commissioned by the King of Bahrain, concluded in November 2011 that there had been a discernible pattern of mistreatment to the defendants while in prison.
Background.
In February 2011 the Bahraini authorities sought to repress pro-democracy protests around the Pearl Roundabout, a traffic circle near the financial district in Bahrain's capital Manama (part of the wider Arab Spring movement). On 17 February, in an attack by police that subsequently became known as Bloody Thursday; four protesters died and more than 300 were injured. Protests involving up to one fifth of the population continued over the next month until the government called in Gulf Cooperation Council troops and police and declared a three-month state of emergency. Despite the brutal crack-down that followed, smaller-scale protests and clashes continued, mostly outside Manama's business districts. By April 2012, more than 80 people had died during the uprising. As of December 2012, protests are ongoing.
Naming.
Amnesty International coined the name "Bahrain 13" to refer to the men, which was later adopted by some media sources. Their case is known locally as the Case of Icons () and the Group of 21 (). They were originally twenty-one, but seven were tried in absentia and one was released in April 2012. The seven tried in absentia were either hiding or outside the country.
Role in the Bahraini uprising.
The Bahrain Thirteen played an important role in mobilizing the public opinion against the government, organizing protests and shaping political demands. Some of the group were already in detention when the uprising began, having been arrested in the Manama incident the previous August, and were released on 22 February 2011. Abdulwahab Hussain and Hassan Mushaima, leaders of opposition parties Al Wafa' and Haq Movement respectively, were among the leaders of the 1990s uprising in Bahrain.
Mushaima was a leading member in Al Wefaq opposition group until resigning in 2005 due to their decision to run in 2006 parliamentary election. He then founded the Haq Movement. In 2010, the London-based activist was sentenced in absentia over an alleged plot to overthrow the government, however the charges were dropped in February 2011 as a part of government concessions to the opposition. This allowed Mushaima to return to Bahrain on 26 February and join the protest movement. Abduljalil al-Singace, a blogger and once the chair of University of Bahrain Engineering Department followed Mushaima's path; he resigned from his position in Al Wefaq as public relations chief and joined Haq in 2005 as the head of human rights department. He was among the arrested in August 2010 and joined the uprising when he was released on 22 February. The Haq Movement supported protest plans.
Abdulwahab Hussain was also a member of Al Wefaq who resigned in 2005. Unlike Mushaima and al-Singace, Hussain left politics in 2005. He returned in 2009 when he co-founded Al Wafa' opposition group and became its official spokesperson. He played a bigger role in the uprising; he was not arrested when the uprising began nor was he outside the country. Hussain led the first demonstration in the uprising in the early hours of 14 February. He is also credited with suggesting autonomous action and total decentralization of the protest movement which was adopted by February 14 Youth Coalition, the group behind the call for an uprising in order to avoid getting infiltrated by government.
Abduljalil al-Miqdad is a prominent Shia and political activist, and a co-founder of Al Wafa'. He resigned from the Bahrain Ulama Council in 2005. The relationship between al-Miqdad and Al Wafa' is comparable to that of Isa Qassim and Al Wefaq; its unofficial spiritual leader. Sa'eed al-Nori is a religious, political activist and vocal critic of the government, and member of Al Wafa'. He was among the arrested in August 2010. Mohamed Ismail is a political activist with close relations to Abdulwahab Hussain.
In March 2011, Haq, Al Wafa' and Bahrain Freedom Movement formed a "Coalition for a Republic", calling for the downfall of the current regime by escalation of peaceful protests and the establishment of a democratic republic. While they accepted a western-style constitutional monarchy in principle, saying it was "not very different from a republic", they doubted the regime would voluntarily implement such a radical change and argued that toppling it was unavoidable. The newly found coalition supported a controversial, yet peaceful protest heading to the Royal Court in Riffa. The rally ended in chaos after it was dispersed by security forces and "pro-government Sunni vigilantes".
Abdulhadi al-Khawaja, described by the Index on Censorship as one of the best-known human rights activists in the world, is the co-founder of the Bahrain Centre for Human Rights and a vocal critic of the government. Al-Khawaja was arrested in 2004 and 2007, and reportedly beaten in 2005 over his opposition activities. He holds Danish and Bahraini dual citizenship. His role in the uprising was much less; his activities were limited to "organising peaceful awareness-raising and human rights education". He said he had intentionally kept himself away from the Pearl Roundabout in order to avoid "giv the authorities any reason to arrest" him. Salah al-Khawaja is a former member of Islamic Action Society (Amal) and brother of Abdulhadi al-Khawaja. During the uprising, he sought to document events and contact international media.
Ibrahim Sharif is an opposition leader and president of the secular, leftist, cross-sectarian National Democratic Action Society (Wa'ad). Wa'ad is allied with Al Wefaq opposition group. They organized many protests calling for an elected government and a constitutional monarchy. Sharif is the only Sunni member of Bahrain Thirteen, the rest being Shia. His Sunni identity undermines the attempts of government of Bahrain to visualize the protest movement as a sectarian and pro-Iranian plot, and shows that it has support from parts of the Sunni community. Ten days before the uprising, Sharif demanded "local reform" in a rally in solidarity with the 2011 Egyptian Revolution, however Wa'ad only announced a day before the protests that it supported "the principle of the right of the youth to demonstrate peacefully".
Mohamed Habib al-Miqdad -cousin of Abduljalil al-Miqdad- is a prominent religious and political leader, president of al-Zahraa Society for Orphans and holds Bahraini and Swedish dual citizenship. Al-Miqdad is also a vocal critic of the government. Abdulla al-Mahroos is a religious and political activist, vice president of al-Zahraa Society for Orphans and a vocal critic of the government. Abdulhadi al-Mukhodher is a Shia cleric and Mohamed Hasan Jawad is a rights activist. All of the four were among the arrested in August 2010.
Arrests.
The arrests of the Bahrain Thirteen took place between 17 March 2011 and 9 April, due to their role in the uprising. The first to be arrested were Abdulhadi al-Mukhodher, Abduljalil al-Singace, Abdulwahab Hussain, Ibrahim Sharif, Hassan Mushaima and Saeed al-Nuri, and the last was Abdulhadi al-Khawaja. Most were arrested by security forces in the middle of night. According to the Bahrain Centre for Human Rights, no warrants were shown and many of the detainees were beaten during their arrest. They were held in al-Qurain military prison and on 28 November they were transferred to Jaw prison.
Torture.
Following their arrest the activists were kept in solitary confinement for weeks during which they were allegedly subjected to torture by Bahrain National Security Agency (NSA) officers seeking to secure confessions and for punishment. This reportedly included sexual assaults.
In April, a patient in the Military Hospital saw Ibrahim Sharif with his face swollen, raising concerns that he may have been tortured. According to Amnesty International, Abdulhadi al-Khawaja suffered fractures of the jaw and head and bruising of the arms during his first month in detention, allegedly as a result of torture. After a six-day hospitalization during which he underwent several operations, torture was reportedly resumed. According to Human Rights Watch (HRW) signs of mistreatment were visible on al-Khawaja's face during the first trial session in May and Hassan Mushaima and Abdulwahab Hussain were seen to have noticeable limps. Bahrain Centre for Human Rights published detailed allegations of the torture allegedly inflicted on the Bahrain Thirteen.
On 8 May 2011, the authorities declared that none of the Bahrain Thirteen had been subjected to torture, stating that information from the Military Hospital and the Salmaniya Medical Complex showed that neither hospital had admitted or treated any of the detainees. Rumours of admissions and hospitalization were said to have been fabricated and politically motivated.
The Bahrain Independent Commission of Inquiry, established by the King of Bahrain in June 2011, which found that hundreds of detainees had been subjected to torture and other forms of physical and psychological abuse, observed a discernible pattern of mistreatment with regard to 14 political leaders including the Bahrain Thirteen. According to the Commission's report, torture at al-Qurain prison, where the Bahrain Thirteen were held, stopped after 10 June.
Trial, conviction, and retrial.
Military courts.
The Bahrain Thirteen were sent for trial initially by the National Safety Court, a special military court set up in March 2011 to try protesters, opposition leaders, rights activists, health workers and other supporters or perceived supporters of the Bahraini uprising. The trial was "one of the most prominent" before the National Safety Court. The first hearing on 8 May 2011 marked the first time the fourteen defendants originally charged had seen their families since their arrest and for some it was the first time they had met with their lawyers. All fourteen denied the charges against them.
The two main charges were of "setting up terror groups to topple the royal regime and change the constitution" and of "collaborating with a foreign state", an apparent reference to Iran, and other charges included "insulting the army, inciting hatred, disseminating false information and taking part in rallies without notifying the authorities." Front Line Defenders and Human Rights First observers were denied entry to the trial, but a few Bahraini NGO observers were present. According to Human Rights Watch all of the activities with which the fourteen were charged "related to speech and peaceful assembly" and none were criminal offenses.
On 22 June, seven of the defendants were sentenced to life imprisonment, four to fifteen years in prison, two to five years and one to two years. After they protested loudly when the sentence was read, they were forcibly removed from the court. Amnesty International concluded that an appeal session on 6 September had heard no evidence to support charges. The military appeal court hearing on 28 September took a few minutes before the court upheld all the convictions. In November, the Bahrain Independent Commission of Inquiry asked for a retrial in civilian courts, because they were convicted in military courts.
On 29 January the fourteen began a one-week hunger strike which was joined, according to rights activist Mohamed al-Maskati, by another 150 prisoners. The object of the hunger strike was to demand an end to the political crackdown, protest against their trials and demand the release of prisoners of conscience. Abdulhadi al-Khawaja subsequently went on a new 110-day hunger strike. He was transferred to hospital in April as he kept reducing the amount of his glucose intake. On 30 April 2012, the Court of Cassation reduced Al-Hur Yousef al-Somaikh's sentence from two years to six months and he was released as he had already served his sentence. The court also announced that the thirteen other defendants would be retried by a (civilian) criminal court of appeal, but they were not released from prison, leading to criticism from the United Nations.
Civilian courts.
The first hearing before the High Criminal Court of Appeal, due to take place on 8 May, was postponed to 22 May. Abdulhadi al-Khawaja, on the ninetieth day of his hunger strike, was brought to court in a wheelchair. All the defendants pleaded not guilty. Al-Khawaja and Abdulwahab Hussain told of being subjected to torture during the initial weeks of their detention, the former stating that he had been sexually assaulted and the latter that he had been forced to sign a written statement. On 19 June, defence lawyers asked the court to disregard confessions that the BICI report had suggested were obtained by torture but the public prosecutor insisted on their inclusion in the evidence. According to Bahrain Centre for Human Rights, these confessions were the sole evidence submitted to the court.
During the same session, cleric Mohamed Habib al-Miqdad made a long testimony in which he described alleged torture and renounced his accusation that Nasser Al Khalifa, the son of the king had tortured him in person. The thirteen asked their defense lawyers to stop representing them after the judge decided to continue hearings in secret and subsequently banned media coverage of the case, due to "national security reasons". New lawyers were appointed by court and the judge declared that the final judgment would be given even if the defendants refused to attend. The Court originally expected to give its final verdict on 14 August was attended by a number of foreign diplomats, but the session was deferred until 4 September with no specific reason given. The verdict was expected to have a significant impact on the course of the uprising and analysts suggested that the government was uncertain how to deal with the defendants who became popular heroes, given that their release was likely to give new impetus to the protest movement.
A few days prior to the expected verdict on 4 September, which was also the expected day of the verdict of 28 health workers and Zainab al-Khawaja, Human Rights First said it could be a "transformative day for human rights" in Bahrain "if the right decisions are made". On 4 September, the appeal court upheld the sentences on all of the Thirteen; who did not attend the session. Analysis said the decision was likely to fuel political tensions and street clashes, and highlight the low chances of any reconciliation in near future. Witnesses reported that protesters set tires on fire and clashed with security forces in several Shia villages following the verdict and one protester was severely injured by a stun grenade.
On 7 January, the Cassation Court, Bahrain's top court upheld the sentences. With the court decision the thirteen defendants (who did not attend the trial) had exhausted their last chance to appeal. The only avenue that remains for their release is a royal pardon.
Reactions.
International.
Supranational bodies.
Navi Pillay, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR), expressed serious concern at the trials, which bore the marks of "political persecution". She called for an immediate end to trials of civilians in the Court of National Safety and the immediate release of all peaceful demonstrators arrested in connection with the February protest movement. Rupert Colville, spokesperson for OHCHR, also referred to the sentences as "harsh" and expressed deep concern over "serious due process irregularities". Four United Nations Special Rapporteurs demanded immediate release of Abdulhadi al-Khawaja.
Non-governmental organizations.
A number of rights groups criticized the sentences. Amnesty International designated the Thirteen prisoners of conscience and called for their immediate and unconditional release. It also called for an independent investigation of their allegations of mistreatment and urged that those responsible should be brought to justice, criticizing the Bahraini authorities for what it called a travesty of justice and said sentences were yet another proof that Bahrain was not on the path of reforms. Human Rights Watch demanded the prisoners' immediate release; according to HRW's Middle East and North Africa Deputy Director Joe Stork, the military court’s original verdict was "absolutely mind-boggling", failing to mention a single actual criminal offense beyond acts relating to the defendants' basic human rights.
Reporters Without Borders was shocked by the lengthy sentences and very worried about the physical condition of al-Singace whose release it demanded, along with that of all the other prisoners of conscience. The Committee to Protect Journalists condemned the sentences and dismissed the charges as political score-settling. The Arabic Network for Human Rights Information condemned the sentences as vindictive. The International Federation for Human Rights and the World Organization Against Torture expressed their "utmost concern" at the sentences and demanded the immediate and unconditional release of the Bahrain Thirteen. Human Rights First criticized what it called a "large political show trial" and declared that the sentences revealed the "travesty" of Bahrain’s military courts. Upon reading the appeal sentence, it criticized it and said reform claims were "sham".
English PEN said it was shocked by the lengthy sentence handed down to al-Singace and demanded his release along with all of those imprisoned for peaceful expression of opinion. Jane Kinninmont of Chatham House said that the government "may be trying to show their strength ahead of a planned dialogue with political societies" and that western pressure is limited due to Saudi support. Front Line Defenders, who's al-Khawaja was its Middle East Protection Coordinator for three years condemned his sentence and demanded his immediate and unconditional release. Brazilian political cartoonist, Carlos Latuff produced a cartoon labeled "The Lady Justice of Bahrain" depicting king of Bahrain holding a blood stained sword in a hand and dropping Scales of Justice in the trash with the other.
Domestic.
The government of Bahrain said that trials were fair and judiciary independent. "The court provided all assurances of a fair trial through a team of 17 defense attorneys selected by the defendants. The trial was attended by many diplomats of various nationalities ... as well as representatives of human rights and other civil society organizations," Information Affairs Authority said. Responding to the various international reactions, the Human Rights Affairs Ministry rejected "any intervention by any state or organization". Government supporters praised the sentences asking for no pardons to be given to the thirteen. Mohammed Khalid, a former MP and a hard-line cleric wrote "God is great! God is great!" on Twitter.
Many Sunnis (who compromise a substantial minority) support the government and see the Thirteen as dangerous revolutionaries that would destabilize the country should they succeed in toppling the monarchy. Government hardliners and Sunni political groups often call for harsh and no compromise approach, including calling for no pardons and death sentences. To their many supporters (in Bahrain and abroad) however, the Thirteen are heroes and prisoners of conscience jailed unfairly for nothing more than calling for democracy. Their faces appear daily in banners during protests.
Isa Qassim, Bahrain's top Shia cleric criticized the trials as unfair. He said the sentences were "like a dam preventing people from participating in dialogue". The prominent human rights activist al-Khawaja family did not welcome the retrial. Maryam al-Khawaja considered it "sad news not good news", describing the court as a tool used by the regime against its people. She said she was not shocked by the civil court sentence, as there were "no international consequences and accountability for the Bahrain regime". Al-Khawaja's wife found the decision ridiculous and said that the government was "playing for time". Bahrain Centre for Human Rights maintained that the sentences were based on confessions extracted under torture and the testimony of the alleged torturers. Its head, Nabeel Rajab, criticized the military trial sentence as unfair and falling short of international standards.
Bahrain Youth Society for Human Rights expressed its concern at what it called "violations" against the Bahrain Thirteen. The Al Wefaq political party said that the sentences were hindering efforts at dialogue and damaging the country's international reputation. It rejected the appeal sentence and said they were contradictory to solving the crisis. The Bahraini Press Association described the verdict as "unfair and outrageous" and "marred by abuses and violations of all legal and human rights standards". Human rights lawyer Mohamed al-Tajer said the appeal verdict was "shocking" and that "judge dismissed the appeal". In an op-ed in "Al Wasat", Kassim Hussain argued that the most remembered words about the case of Bahrain Thirteen would be Ibrahim Sharif's words: "These [political trials are trials of ideas".

</doc>
<doc id="36811950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811950" title="Susej Vera">
Susej Vera

Susej Vera (born Venezuela, June 14 of 1976) is a television actress and model. She has, since 2001, appeared in several telenovela television series that have been broadcast in several countries.

</doc>
<doc id="36811973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811973" title="Shaikha Al-Bahar">
Shaikha Al-Bahar

Shaikha Al-Bahar () is the CEO of the National Bank of Kuwait. She is also on the board of the International Bank of Qatar. She was ranked as the 85th most powerful woman in the world by "Forbes" in 2012. Al-Bahar was ranked as the 8th most powerful Arab woman of 2012 by "Arabian Business". Al-Bahar also serves as director of Mobile Telecommunications Company KSC, vice chairman of Watani Investment Company KSCC and vice chair of Watani Investment Company K.S.C.
Education.
Al-Bahar was educated at Harvard Business School, Stanford University and Duke University.

</doc>
<doc id="36811975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811975" title="Ken MacKinnon">
Ken MacKinnon

Ken MacKinnon was born in the London Docklands in 1933 to parents whose families came from the Scottish Isle of Arran and Northern Ireland. He is known as the father of Scottish Gaelic sociolinguistics.
Early life and career.
During the London Blitz he was sent to Cornwall as many other children of the time and later in life settled in the nearby town of Southend-on-Sea where he became, in time, chairman of the council's planning committee and mayor. He took a double degree in sociology and economics at the London School of Economics, followed by National Service in Germany. Following his return from Germany, he taught in Essex secondary schools and technical colleges, and was the head of department at the Barking College of Technology and subsequently was senior lecturer and reader at the Hatfield Polytechnic amongst various other appointments.
Scottish Gaelic.
Although not a native speaker of Gaelic, he taught himself Gaelic when he took an interest in the language. He subsequently took a masters degree and was made a senior research fellow of the Social Science Research Council and used the opportunity to embark on studying the sociolinguistic situation of the Isle of Harris between 1972 and 1974 and has been heavily involved in the discipline ever since.
He was also a member of MAGOG between 2002 and 2004, a body providing advice on Scottish Gaelic to Scottish ministers, and which produced the Meek Report(2002), and was made a member of Bòrd na Gàidhlig in 2004. He was also on the board of MG Alba between 2008-11.
He has an honorary professorship at the University of Aberdeen, and is a reader emeritus at the University of Hertfordshire. He tutors for the Open University in social sciences, education and language studies.
Publications.
Prof MacKinnon published numerous papers and books from the 1970s onwards, most of them on Gaelic in Scotland and Nova Scotia, minority languages and demographics, including:

</doc>
<doc id="36811997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811997" title="I Cavalry Corps">
I Cavalry Corps

I Cavalry Corps may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36812018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812018" title="Dipterocarpus turbinatus">
Dipterocarpus turbinatus

Dipterocarpus turbinatus (Khmer "chhë tië:l dâ:ng"; India "gurjan", "gurjun", "gurgina"; Chinese 羯布罗香 "jie bu luo xiang"; Swedish "keruing", the last an international name for "Dipterocarpus" wood) is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae native to western India and mainland Southeast Asia, and cultivated in surrounding areas. It is an important source of the wood known as "keruing", and is often used in the plywood industry.
Distribution.
The tree is indigenous within the area from India (Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Tripura, Andaman Islands, Nicobar Islands), Bangladesh, Myanmar, Thailand, Cambodia, Laos to Vietnam, while it is cultivated in Indonesia (Sumatra, Java, Kalimantan), Philippines, and China (southeast Xizang, southern & western Yunnan).
Description.
The trees of the species are lofty, growing 30-45m tall. The bark is gray or dark brown, and is shallowly longitudinally fissured and flaky. Branchlets are glabrescent. Leaf buds falcate, buds and young twigs densely gray puberulous. Stipules 2–6 cm, densely, shortly dark grayish or dark yellow puberulous; petiole 2–3 cm, densely gray puberulous or glabrescent; leaf blade ovate-oblong, 20-30 × 8–13 cm, leathery, glabrous or sparsely stellate pubescent, lateral veins 15-20 pairs conspicuously raised abaxially, base rounded or somewhat cordate, margin entire or sometimes sinuate, apex acuminate or acute. Racemes axillary, 3-6-flowered. Calyx segments: 2 linear, 3 shorter, all glabrous, outside glaucous. Stamens ca. 30; anthers linear-lanceolate; connective appendages filiform. Ovary densely pubescent; style terete, silvery gray tomentose on lower half. Nut ovoid or narrowly ovoid, densely appressed tomentose; calyx tube to 2.8 cm in diam., glabrous, glaucous; winglike calyx segments linear-lanceolate, 12-15 × ca. 3 cm, glabrous, minutely papillate near much-ramified solitary midvein. Flowering is March to April, fruiting occurs in June and July
Habitat and status.
It is found in mixed deciduous, evergreen and semi-evergreen forests In Cambodia one description of the habitats is wet dense forest, sometimes on sandy, clayey soils, sometimes on red soils. The conservation status is based on the rate of habitat loss, the major threat for the species, though some subpopulations are protected in reserves.
The resin of the tree (known internationally as East Indian copaiba balsam) is used in India, where it is the source of kanyin oil and gurjun oil, and in Cambodia, where the almost solid resin is especially used to prepare torches. The red brown wood has use documented for India, Cambodia and Yunnan, China. In Cambodia the wood is popular for sawing, woodwork and teacabinet-work. Medicinal uses for the plant include treating gonorrhea, leprosy, psoriasis and other skin diseases. In the home-gardens of S China, it is cultivated both as a medicinal and as a perfume plant.

</doc>
<doc id="36812035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812035" title="Mohammed Ameur">
Mohammed Ameur

Mohammed Ameur ( – born 1959, Oujda) is a Moroccan politician of the Socialist Union of Popular Forces. Between 2007 and 2012, he held the position of "Minister-Delegate for the Moroccans Living Abroad" in the cabinet of Abbas El Fassi.

</doc>
<doc id="36812081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812081" title="1998 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Doubles">
1998 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Doubles

Ellis Ferreira and Patrick Galbraith were the defending champions, but did not participate this year.
Olivier Delaître and Fabrice Santoro won in the final 6–2, 6–2, against Tomás Carbonell and Francisco Roig.

</doc>
<doc id="36812092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812092" title="Henry Dieckhoff">
Henry Dieckhoff

Father Henry Cyril Dieckhoff () (1869-1950) was a Russian priest and linguist. He was born in Moscow, the son of a Lutheran preacher but spent much of his youth in Germany as his mother was Catholic and unable to continue living in Russia. He studied in Berlin and was given Holy Orders without permission from the Russian authorities and therefore first fled to England and the Scotland where he was welcomed as a brother at the Fort Augustus Abbey in 1891. He gained priesthood six years laters in 1897.
He learnt Scottish Gaelic and did detailed research into the dialect of Glengarry and published a dictionary on the dialects, "A Pronouncing Dictionary of Scottish Gaelic". His dictionary was unusual for the time as it included detailed pronunciation information not only on the citation forms but also inflected forms of the entries.

</doc>
<doc id="36812093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812093" title="Cyril Baudouin">
Cyril Baudouin

Cyril Baudouin is a French rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup.
Playing career.
Playing for the Carpentras XIII club, Baudouin represented France Under-21's in 1993.
The next year he made his test debut for France, playing against Fiji. He was part of the French side at the 1995 World Cup, playing in two matches.

</doc>
<doc id="36812097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812097" title="Profanity (instant messaging client)">
Profanity (instant messaging client)

__NOTOC__
Profanity is a text mode instant messaging interface that supports the XMPP protocol. Currently known to work on Linux, OS X and Windows using Cygwin.
Features include multi-user chat, chat state support, contact subscriptions, local user accounts, desktop notifications, and tiny URLs.

</doc>
<doc id="36812119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812119" title="Our Lady of Pompeii Church">
Our Lady of Pompeii Church

Our Lady of Pompei Church is a parish church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Baltimore located in the Highlandtown neighborhood of Baltimore, Maryland. The church offers services in English and Italian. The feast day of Our Lady of Pompei is celebrated on the first Sunday in October.
History.
Our Lady of Pompei was founded as a parish in 1923 in order to serve the Italian immigrant community in Baltimore. Construction of the church began in 1923 and was completed the next year; the first mass was held on June 1, 1924. The church was founded by the Vincentian Fathers. The first pastor and founder was Fr. Luigi Scialdone, C.M..
After spending 17 years of missionary work in the land of China, Fr. Luigi Scialdone, C.M. came to Highlandtown. The archbishop at the time, Michael J. Curley, appointed Fr. Scialdone pastor of the scattered Italian flock. Archbishop Curley reflects on Fr. Scialdone’s work in his letter of April 7, 1934: "He began his work under the most difficult circumstances … The Italian flock was scattered. Very little attention had been paid to them." Work began on January 16, 1923, just as the "Roaring Twenties" were beginning.
Over the next 50 years, Our Lady of Pompei continued to be an anchor in the Highlandtown community. The parish school offered K-12 education and Sunday School. Parishioners enjoyed the feast day celebration and processing throughout the Highlandtown neighborhood and hosted an annual bull roast and summer street carnival.
In the early 1990s, both the parish and the neighborhood were currently experiencing very difficult times. Enrollment in the parish school was declining and families were leaving the city. New realities were setting in - the polarization of the population which consists of two groups, the very young and the very old, the increased presence of transients, and growing financial difficulties for the parish and the people.
In 1991, Our Lady of Pompei made the decision to breakaway from the Vincentian Fathers and join the Archdiocese of Baltimore. Fr. Lou Esposito, current pastor, petitioned Archbishop Keeler to take charge of Our Lady of Pompei. In that letter his Superior General, Fr. Esposito spoke of the decision he made "after a long period of storming heaven and earth." He had the sad duty of requesting the necessary dispensation from his religious vows in order to be incarnated into the Archdiocese of Baltimore. Fr. Lou led the parish in a time of rebuilding.
In 2008, in response to the growing Hispanic community, Our Lady of Pompei began offering mass in Spanish. Fr. Luis Cremis joined the parish, from a mission in Peru, to assist with the expanded ministry. Parish life was reinvigorated! The parish school combined with the parish school of St. Elizabeth's of Hugary to form Archbishop Borders School. This was a K-8 school administered by the Archdiocese of Baltimore operated in the Our Lady of Pompei school building.
Unfortunately, in 2011, then Archbishop Edwin O'Brien, decided to consolidate the Spanish ministry in East Baltimore to one church, Sacred Heart of Jesus (just a few blocks away from Our Lady of Pompei). Archbishop Borders School was also moved to the Sacred Heart of Jesus former parish school building. Not permitted to offer Mass in Spanish, many of the newer parishioners, who made Our Lady of Pompei their home, were uprooted. The Archdiocese's decision crippled Our Lady of Pompei's rebuilding efforts. We were grateful for the group of Hispanic parishioners that remained with Our Lady of Pompei.
The parish was faciing similar problems to the early 1990s - a polarization of two groups, a stable elderly population but a very small number of youths, parish financial difficulties, and decreased participation.
Since 2011, Our Lady of Pompei had been in talks with various organizations to lease the empty school building. The goal was to provide a service to the surrounding community such as an adult learning center or housing for refugees. Unable to secure a use of the building, Our Lady of Pompei, in conjunction with the Archdioses of Baltimore, decided to sell the school building by the end of 2014.
In August 2013, Bishop Madden visited Our Lady of Pompei and spoke with the parishioners. He heard the determination of the parishioners that Our Lady of Pompei is not dead. The message was clear - we require some help from the Archdiocese but we want Pompei to live on! One of the encouraging outcomes with Bishop Madden was discussion to allow Our Lady of Pompei to offer a Spanish ministry again.
As 2014 begins, Our Lady of Pompei has been blessed by some very generous benefactors over the last few years. In addition, the Parish Council has been given rebirth with new members joining. In July 2014, Fr. Lou Esposito, pastor of Our Lady of Pompei, will be celebrating a dual 50th anniversary - 50 years of ordination and 50 years ministering to Our Lady of Pompei.
Our Lady of Pompei is hopeful and excited for the future.

</doc>
<doc id="36812133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812133" title="Dallin House">
Dallin House

The Dallin House at 253 S. 300 East in Springville, Utah was built in c. 1905. It is significant for its association with sculptor Cyrus Dallin, Cyrus E. Dallin (1861-1944).
The house has also been known as the Thomas and Jane Dallin House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36812146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812146" title="2012–13 Ohio State Buckeyes women's ice hockey season">
2012–13 Ohio State Buckeyes women's ice hockey season

The Ohio State Buckeyes represented Ohio State University in WCHA women's ice hockey. The Buckeyes will attempt to qualify for the NCAA tournament for the first time in school history.

</doc>
<doc id="36812148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812148" title="Boophis tampoka">
Boophis tampoka

Boophis tampoka is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar.

</doc>
<doc id="36812167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812167" title="Surfthechannel">
Surfthechannel

Surfthechannel.com was a popular link website for people seeking TV shows and movies. It had over 400,000 visitors a day. While the site hosted no videos, it organized a collection of links that made it popular with those seeking content. At the site's peak in mid-2009 it generated up to £50,000 ($78,500) per month in advertising revenue, and was more popular than Facebook. It was shuttered by Federation Against Copyright Theft and its operator, Anton Vickerman, was tried, convicted and sentenced to four years in jail by a private party prosecution under British law. In November 2012 Anton Vickerman admitted Contempt of Court in relation to material he caused to be published on the Internet on sentencing, and he received a further term of imprisonment. 
Early Partnerships.
Vickerman claims that in the site's early days he had formed partnerships with the likes of Warner Bros, Discovery Channel, and A&E Television Networks.
Other Notes.
When accessing the website it redirects the user to a new website that is full of spam. It is not a good idea to buy into any of these spam.

</doc>
<doc id="36812189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812189" title="Henry County High School">
Henry County High School

Henry County High School is a public high school hosting grades 9–12, located in McDonough, Georgia, U.S.A, and is operated by the Henry County School District. The school is located in the Atlanta Metropolitan Area. Enrollment is around 1,100. The high school's campus includes the Henry County Performing Arts Center and the Henry County Academy for Advanced Studies. The high school has recently seen major renovations and additions to its facilities, and as a result, is the largest public high school in Henry County.
History.
Henry County High School is the oldest public high school in Henry County.
Academic Classes.
Henry County High School offers many honors and AP classes, as do most other schools in the county and state. Students have seven periods a day, plus Academic Advisement (twice a month). Academic courses offered are:
CTAE Classes.
Henry County High School offers a wide variety of CTAE classes and more than any other school in the county such as the following:
Henry Academy for Advanced Studies.
The campus of Henry County High School serves as a community host for college, and adult education programs offered to the local community, and dual enrollment programs offered to high school students. The institutions of higher learning with a presence on campus include Clayton State University, Gordon State College and Southern Crescent Technical College.
Championships and Sports.
Henry county participates in Baseball, Basketball-Ladyhawk's, Basketball-Men's, Cheerleading-Basketball, Cheerleading-Competitive, Core Course, Cross Country-Men's, Cross Country-Women's, Football, Golf, Soccer-men's, Soccer-women's, Softball, Tennis-Men's, Tennis-Women's, Track, Volleyball, Wrestling and Three Position Air Rifle.

</doc>
<doc id="36812210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812210" title="Bent Mountain, Virginia">
Bent Mountain, Virginia

Bent Mountain is an unincorporated community in Roanoke County, Virginia, United States. Bent Mountain is located on U.S. Route 221 southwest of Roanoke. Bent Mountain has a post office with ZIP code 24059.

</doc>
<doc id="36812233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812233" title="Peninsula Building">
Peninsula Building

The Peninsula Building is a commercial high-rise building in Manchester, England. The building is part of Manchester's Green Quarter, a regeneration project north-west of Manchester city centre.
Background.
Peninsula lies on the fringe of the city centre, opposite the Manchester Arena and Manchester Victoria station. Construction of the building began in 2007 and it opened in 2009. The Peninsula has a distinctive elliptical plan, and is clad in a glass and granite rainscreen. The building has a BREEAM rating of 'very good' and has on-site parking for up to 200 cars.
The building is commercial, and is head office for Peninsula Business Services who occupy the first six floors, and LateRooms.com who occupy the top four floors, employing 300 people at the building.

</doc>
<doc id="36812240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812240" title="Har-Ber High School">
Har-Ber High School

Har-Ber High School is a comprehensive public high school for grades ten through twelve serving the community of Springdale, Arkansas, United States. Har-Ber High School is the one of two high schools managed in Washington County by the Springdale School District; other is Springdale High School. Within the state, the school is also known as Springdale Har-Ber.
History.
Accredited by AdvancED since 1979, Har-Ber High School is named in honor of local industrialists Harvey and Bernice Jones.
Academics.
Curriculum.
The assumed course of study at Har-Ber High School is the Smart Core curriculum developed by the Arkansas Department of Education (ADE). Students engage in regular and Advanced Placement (AP) coursework and exams to obtain at least 22 units before graduation. Exceptional students have been recognized as National Merit Finalists.
Awards and recognition.
In 2011, the Har-Ber High School Television Productions program received the Pillar of Emmy Award at the St. Louis Emmy Awards sponsored by the Mid–America Chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences (NATAS). Har-Ber TV won the All-Arkansas Award.
Extracurricular activities.
The Har-Ber High School mascot is the wildcat and Navy blue and Carolina blue serve as the school colors. For the 2012-2014 seasons, the Har-Ber Wildcats participate in the state's largest classification (7A) within the 7A West Conference. Competition is primarily sanctioned by the Arkansas Activities Association with the Wildcats competing in baseball, basketball (boys/girls), competitive cheer, cross country, football, golf (boys/girls), soccer (boys/girls), softball, swimming (boys/girls), tennis (boys/girls, track and field, volleyball, and wrestling.
The 7A West Conference consists of:

</doc>
<doc id="36812244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812244" title="Bad for Me">
Bad for Me

"Bad for Me" is a debut single by the American pop duo Megan and Liz, released on July 31, 2012. The sisters co-wrote the song with Rob Hawkins and producer Martin Johnson of Boys Like Girls. It peaked at #34 on the US Pop Songs chart.
Promotion.
The song's release was first announced in July 2012. They held a Ustream party the night of the song's release onto iTunes to promote the new single. The song peaked at #70 on the iTunes Top 100 during its debut week.
The girls embarked on a nationwide radio tour beginning in the latter half of 2012 to promote "Bad for Me", performing it acoustically at each station visited. They also visited the "Seventeen" magazine headquarters, which got them a picture in the October 2012 issue.
They won the chance to be featured as an act at the iHeart Radio Music Festival in Las Vegas, Nevada in September 2012. The duo performed "Bad for Me", as well as their anti-bullying anthem, "Are You Happy Now?" The festival also put together an intro for their act, titled "The Road to Vegas". Their performance was featured on national television during The CW's broadcast of the festival on October 1, 2012.
On October 8, 2012, they had an on-air interview with Radio Disney and from then onwards, the station added the song to their circulation. The song is currently ranked at #14 on the station's weekly "Top 30 Countdown". They were also featured in a Halloween video byte.
Reception.
Jon Caramanica of "The New York Times" called the song a "tidal rush of teen spite, delivered with cheery plasticity," with attention to the line "This one's for the girls, messing with the boys/Like he's the melody and she's background noise." He also mentions that the duo are "refreshingly pure pop" and "peppy and irresistible." Jocelyn Rubin of "RyanSeacrest.com" describes the song as a classic pop anthem with a hip-hop beat.
Music video.
The music video for "Bad for Me" was shot in conjunction with their television ad for Macy's in June 2012. They first caught the attention of the retail chain when they were the fan-voted winners of the iHeart Radio Rising Star contest.
The video has surpassed three million views on YouTube as of March 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36812258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812258" title="Laguna, California">
Laguna, California

Laguna, California may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36812265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812265" title="Chato (Apache)">
Chato (Apache)

Chato (1854 – 13 August 1934) was a Chiricahua Apache warrior who carried out several raids on settlers in Arizona in the 1870s. He was a protege of Cochise, and he surrendered with Cochise in 1872 going to live on the San Carlos Reservation in southern Arizona, where he became an Army scout.
After the arrest of Noch-del-klinne and the rebellion of the Apache scouts, Chato slipped away from the reservation with other Apache such as Juh, Naiche, and Geronimo, who feared for their lives. Chato and others settled in Mexico where Chato built a ranchera. However General Crook and 250 men attacked his ranchera in June 1883, so Chato surrendered with Geronimo and others to General George Crook. Chato them served under General Crook as a scout, including the subsequent expedition into the Sierra Madre after Geronimo in 1886.
Upon his return to Arizona, Chato led a peace delegation to Washington where he was presented with a silver medal by President Grover Cleveland. On his way back, at Fort Leavenworth he was arrested and deported to Fort Marion in Florida, then to Fort Pickens in Florida, then moved to Mount Vernon, Alabama.
In 1894 Chato and his family were allowed to move to Fort Sill, in Oklahoma, and in 1913 Chato and his family opted to go out to the Mescalero Reservation in New Mexico.
In 1934 Chato's Model-T went off the road outside of Whitetail, New Mexico, on the Mescalero Apache Reservation; he died at the scene.
Popular culture.
In 1970, Ricardo Montalbán guest starred as a fictional Chato on the American television program Gunsmoke.

</doc>
<doc id="36812289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812289" title="Ornithine aminotransferase deficiency">
Ornithine aminotransferase deficiency

Ornithine aminotransferase deficiency (also known as gyrate atrophy of the choroid and retina) is an inborn error of ornithine metabolism, caused by decreased activity of the enzyme ornithine aminotransferase. Biochemically, it can be detected by elevated levels of ornithine in the blood. Clinically, it presents initially with poor night vision, which slowly progresses to total blindness. It is believed to be inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. Approximately 200 known cases have been reported in the literature. The incidence is highest in Finland, estimated at 1:50,000.
Clinical presentation.
Quite often, the presenting symptom of ornithine aminotransferase (OAT) deficiency is myopia which progresses to night blindness. The onset of myopia is often in early childhood. Opthalmological findings in affected individuals include contricted visual fields, posterior subcapsular cataracts (can begin in late teens), elevated dark adaptation thresholds and decreased or absent electroretinographic responses. Symptoms of OAT deficiency are progressive, and between the ages of 45 and 65, most affected individuals are almost completely blind.
In some cases, affected individuals will present in the neonatal period with disease that closely mimics a classic urea cycle defect, such as ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency, as the block in ornithine metabolism leads to secondary dysfunction of the urea cycle. These individuals present with hyperammonemia, poor feeding, failure to thrive and increased excretion of orotic acid.
Diagnosis.
Upon clinical suspicion, diagnostic testing will often consist of measurement of amino acid concentrations in plasma, in search of a significantly elevated ornithine concentration. Measurement of urine amino acid concentrations is sometimes necessary, particularly in neonatal onset cases to identify the presence or absence of homocitrulline for ruling out ornithine translocase deficiency (hyperornithinemia, hyperammonemia, homocitrullinuria syndrome, HHH syndrome). Ornithine concentrations can be an unreliable indicator in the newborn period, thus newborn screening may not detect this condition, even if ornithine is included in the screening panel. Enzyme assays to measure the activity of ornithine aminotransferase can be performed from fibroblasts or lymphoblasts for confirmation or during the neonatal period when the results of biochemical testing is unclear. Molecular genetic testing is also an option.
Genetics.
OAT deficiency is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner, meaning an affected individual must inherit a mutated allele from both parents. The enzyme, ornithine aminotransferase is coded for by the gene "OAT", located at 10q26. OAT deficiency has an increased incidence in Finland, and this population has a common mutation accounting for more than 85% of mutant alleles in this population. It has not been described in any other populations.

</doc>
<doc id="36812299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812299" title="2012–13 Atlanta Hawks season">
2012–13 Atlanta Hawks season

The 2012–13 Atlanta Hawks season was the 63rd season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA) and 45th in Atlanta.
Regular Season.
Game Log.
<br>Total: 44–38 (Home: 25–16; Road: 19–22)
See also.
2012-13 NBA season

</doc>
<doc id="36812302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812302" title="Responsibilities Program">
Responsibilities Program

The Responsibilities Program was the code name for a Federal Bureau of Investigation program active from 1951 to 1955. Under this program the FBI would give reports about possible subversives to state governors and civic leaders.

</doc>
<doc id="36812313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812313" title="Sun Yafang">
Sun Yafang

Sun Yafang () is a Chinese engineer who has served as the chairwoman of Huawei since 1999. As of 2014, she is listed as the 81st most powerful woman in the world by "Forbes".
Background.
She earned her Bachelor's Degree at the University of Electronic Science and Technology of China. In 1982, Yafang started working as a technician at Xin Fei TV Manufactory. In 1985, she became an engineer at the Beijing Research Institution of Communication Technology. She began her career with Huawei in 1989 and became chairwoman of the corporation in 1999.
A 2011 report by the CIA stated Yafang worked for the Ministry of State Security of the People's Republic of China and linked her to the Chinese military.
Awards.
In May 2012, she received the World Telecommunication and Information Society Award from the International Telecommunication Union. As of 2014, she is listed as the 81st most powerful woman in the world by "Forbes".

</doc>
<doc id="36812325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812325" title="Gen Silent">
Gen Silent

Gen Silent is a 2010 documentary film, directed and produced by Stu Maddux. The documentary follows the lives of six LGBT seniors living in the Boston area who must choose if they will hide their sexuality in order to survive in the long-term health care system. It has been screened at numerous colleges and universities as well as in front of government agencies and healthcare organizations. It premiered at the Boston LGBT Film Festival and has won numerous awards at others.
The title of the film is a reference to the generations of older LGBT people who remain in the closet or re enter the closet out of concern for their safety or quality of life. As a result of the documentary, the term Gen Silent has increased in use as a way to refer to this group.
Synopsis.
"Gen Silent" was filmed in the Boston area over a one year period. During that time, director Stu Maddux followed six LGBT seniors through their decision to either stay open about their sexuality or hide it so that they can survive in the long-term health care system. In the documentary a gay man named Lawrence Johnson searches for a nursing home where he and his partner can be open about their relationship while still receiving quality care. It also follows a transgender senior by the name of KrysAnne. She searches for people to care for her because she is estranged from her family. The story of an LGBT couple named Sheri and Lois is told, including how they spent their lives fighting for LGBT rights. While Sheri states that she refuses to hide her sexuality, Lois states that she will if that is what it would take to protect her in the health care system. Mel and his partner are the final couple followed in the documentary. Mel’s partner gets sick and he finds care from a welcoming agency where he feels comfortable and safe to speak openly for the first time about his sexuality and their thirty-nine year relationship together.
Notable screenings.
"Gen Silent" premiered at the Boston LGBT Film Festival in 2010. It was also screened at numerous other film festivals including the Frameline Film Festival, the Provincetown International Film Festival, the New York Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, & Transgender Film Festival, the Melbourne Queer Film Festival and the North Carolina Gay & Lesbian Film Festival.
It was also screened for health care staff at Duke University Medical Center, to lawmakers at the Massachusetts House of Representatives, and the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor. Harvard and Yale Universities have also hosted screenings of the film.
Awards and Recognitions.
"Gen Silent" has won multiple awards including the "Audience Choice Best Documentary" at the Frameline Film Festival in 2011 and the "Audience Choice Best Documentary" at the Image+Nation Montreal International LGBT Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="36812330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812330" title="2012–13 Robert Morris Colonials women's ice hockey season">
2012–13 Robert Morris Colonials women's ice hockey season

The Robert Morris Colonials represented Robert Morris University in CHA women's ice hockey. The Colonials are the defending CHA Tournament champions and will attempt to qualify for the NCAA tournament for the first time in school history.

</doc>
<doc id="36812338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812338" title="Jonathan Kakou">
Jonathan Kakou

Jonathan Kakou (born 18 December 1989) is a footballer who plays as a defender for AS Magenta.

</doc>
<doc id="36812358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812358" title="List of awards and nominations received by Adela Noriega">
List of awards and nominations received by Adela Noriega

The following is a list of awards and nominations received by actress, Adela Noriega. The list is incomplete.
Awards and nominations.
Sol de Oro Awards.
Sol de Oro is awarded by the Mexico's National Association of Journalists.

</doc>
<doc id="36812385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812385" title="2012 Nebelhorn Trophy">
2012 Nebelhorn Trophy

The 2012 Nebelhorn Trophy was an international figure skating competition in the 2012–2013 season. It was held from September 27–29, 2012 in the Eislaufzentrum Oberstdorf.
The event is held annually in Oberstdorf, Germany and is named after the Nebelhorn, a nearby mountain. It is one of the first international senior competitions of the season. Skaters are entered by their respective national federations and compete in four disciplines: men's singles, ladies' singles, pairs, and ice dancing. The Fritz-Geiger-Memorial Trophy is presented to the team with the highest placements across all disciplines.
Results.
Men.
Japan's Nobunari Oda returned from injury to win gold at Nebelhorn, while Russia's Konstantin Menshov took silver, and the United States' Keegan Messing took bronze. 
Ladies.
Canada's Kaetlyn Osmond won her first senior international title, Russia's Adelina Sotnikova took the silver, and Japan's Haruka Imai won bronze. 
Pairs.
Russia's Tatiana Volosozhar / Maxim Trankov repeated as Nebelhorn champions, while the United States' Caydee Denney / John Coughlin took silver and France's Vanessa James / Morgan Cipres won bronze, their first international medal. There were two withdrawals following the short program – Russia's Vera Bazarova / Yuri Larionov withdrew due to a recurrence of an jury to Bazarova's right hip, while Germany's Mari Vartmann picked into her right foot when she fell on a throw triple loop during the short and was unable to put on her skate the next day due to swelling. 
Ice dance.
Madison Chock / Evan Bates of the United States won their first international title, while Julia Zlobina / Alexander Sitnikov of Azerbaijan took the silver, and Germany's Nelli Zhiganshina / Alexander Gazsi dropped from first after the short dance to finish third overall.

</doc>
<doc id="36812388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812388" title="Hienghène Sport">
Hienghène Sport

Hienghène Sport is a New Caledonian football team playing at the New Caledonia Division Honneur.

</doc>
<doc id="36812390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812390" title="Kenneth J. Pienta">
Kenneth J. Pienta

Kenneth J. Pienta is the Donald S. Coffey Professor of Urology at the Brady Urological Institute of the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. He is also a Professor in the Departments of Oncology and Pharmacology and Molecular Science and serves as a faculty member in the Cellular and Molecular Medicine Program at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine and a Professor of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering in the Whiting School of Engineering at Johns Hopkins University. Dr. Pienta is a two-time American Cancer Society Clinical Research Professor Award recipient. He serves as the Director of Research for the Brady Urological Institute. Opened in 1915, the Brady Urological Institute was the only one of its kind in the country. It was the number one Urological Institute in the United States for 21 years in a row from 1991 to 2011.
Dr. Pienta graduated from the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, obtaining the M.D. degree in 1986. After graduation, he completed his internal medicine residency at the University of Chicago and then returned to Hopkins for a medical oncology fellowship from 1988-1991. During medical school and again during fellowship training he was mentored by Dr. Donald S. Coffey, focusing on how cancer cell structure and function were altered in cancer cells. After finishing fellowship, he became an Assistant Professor of Medicine and Molecular Biology at the Wayne State University School of Medicine in 1991.
Dr. Pienta was recruited to the University of Michigan in 1994 as an Associate Professor of Medicine and Surgery and was promoted to Professor of Internal Medicine and Urology in 1998. From 1995 to 2012, Dr. Pienta served as the Director of the Prostate Specialized Program of Research Excellence (SPORE) at the University of Michigan. Dr. Pienta was the Director of Experimental Therapeutics for the Michigan Center for Translational Pathology from 2008 to 2012. He served as the Associate Dean for Clinical and Translational Science and Director of the Michigan Institute for Clinical Research (MICHR) from 2008 to 2011 and as the Associate Vice President for Research, Health Sciences for the University of Michigan from 2011 to 2012. Dr. Pienta was on the faculty of the Cellular and Molecular Biology, Computational Medicine and Biology, and Cancer Biology graduate programs and is a scholar of the Taubman Research Institute at the University of Michigan.
Dr. Pienta’s research career has focused on defining the tumor microenvironment of prostate cancer metastases to develop new therapies for prostate cancer. He has a peer-reviewed track record in organizing and administering a translational research program that incorporates bench research, agent development, and clinical application. He is the author of more than 360 peer-reviewed articles, and been the principal investigator on numerous local and national clinical trials.
Dr. Pienta has championed the concept that multi-disciplinary teams of scientists and clinicians best accomplish translational research. Under his direction, the success of these endeavors led to the receipt of the inaugural 2007 American Association for Cancer Research "Team Science" Award for the discovery of gene fusions in prostate cancer. His accomplishments are reflected by his election to the American Society of Clinical Investigation (2005), induction into the Society of Scholars of the Johns Hopkins University (2011) and League of Research Excellence of the University of Michigan (2011). Reflecting his expertise in patient care, he has been consistently included in “America’s Top Doctors” and in “Best Doctors” in America for the last 10 years. Throughout his career, Dr. Pienta has served as a model of the “triple-threat” physician – scientist and has effectively mentored more than 40 students, residents, and fellows to successful careers in medicine and science. In 2009, the American Urological Association named him Distinguished Mentor of the Year and he was the recipient of the Prostate Cancer Foundation Core Values Award. In 2011-2012, Dr. Pienta served as the President of the Society for Clinical and Translational Science.
Research and discovery.
Dr. Pienta has championed the concept that cancer is best understood utilizing the principles of Ecology. Ecologists have studied the population biology of invasive species for decades and have documented their impact on local environments as well as the global ecosystem as a whole. Invasive species start as a native population within a defined community and are then transported by some means to a new environment. In this new environment, the invader either then dies off or enters a period of time during which it establishes itself (lag period). It then begins to spread and have impact on the local environment, disrupting the ecosystem as a whole. This disruption has broad implications for the native species and the broader ecosystem. Biologic traits that result in a robust invasive species include rapid proliferative capacity, adaptation to environmental stress (phenotypic plasticity) and high tolerance to environmental heterogeneity. The life cycle of invasive species is directly analogous to the study of cancer metastasis. Cancer must grow in a primary site, extravasate and survive in the circulation to then intravasate at a target organ (invasive species survival in transport). Cancer cells often lay dormant at their metastatic site for a long period of time (lag period) before proliferating (invasive spread). Proliferation in the new site has an impact on the target organ microenvironment (ecological impact) and eventually the human host (biosphere impact).
Cancer as an ecosystem.
Ecosystems are interactive systems involving communities of species and their abiotic environment. Tumors are ecosystems in which cancer cells act as invasive species interacting with native host cell species in an established microenvironment within the larger host biosphere. At its heart, to study ecology is to study interconnectedness. In ecologic science, an ecologic network is a representation of the biotic interactions in an ecosystem in which species (nodes) are connected by pairwise interactions (links). Ecologic networks and signaling network models have been used to describe and compare the structures of ecosystems. It has been shown that disruption of ecologic networks through the loss of species or disruption of interactions between them can lead to the destruction of the ecosystem. Often, the destruction of a single node or link is not enough to disrupt the entire ecosystem. The more complex the network and its interactions, the more difficult it is to cause the extinction of a species, especially without leveraging other aspects of the ecosystem. Similarly, successful treatment of cancer with a single agent is rarely enough to cure a patient without strategically modifying the support systems conducive to survival of cancer. Cancer cells and the ecologic systems they reside in can be viewed as a series of nested networks. The most effective new paradigms for treatment will be developed through application of scaled network disruption.
The Cancer Diaspora: Metastasis beyond the Seed and Soil Hypothesis.
Describing metastasis in terms of migration alone is insufficient to cover the nuances of cancer spread. A diaspora, from the Greek diaspora meaning "scattering" or "dispersion", is the movement, migration, or scattering of people away from an established homeland. Historically, "diaspora" has been applied exclusively to describe human behavior. The diaspora concept can also be applied to cancer metastasis. Metastasis is not a simple one-way migration, but rather a dynamic dispersal of cells that are inherently linked to the primary tumor. Although migrants are usually attracted to a new country and can come from single or multiple origins, a diaspora is dispersed, usually expelled, from a single origin. At least early in tumorigenesis, before the establishment of multiple distant deposits of cancer cells, metastases arise from a single site of origin, the primary tumor. The diaspora paradigm takes into account and models several variables: the quality of the primary tumor microenvironment, the fitness of individual cancer cell migrants, as well as migrant populations, the bidirectional movement of cancer, and host cells between cancer sites (including between primary and metastases as well as between metastases), and the quality of the target microenvironments to establish
metastatic sites.
Cancer Cells as Ecological Engineers.
Ecosystem engineers construct and modify their niche. Allogenic engineers modify their environment by mechanically changing their environment (e.g., beavers). Autogenic engineers modify their environment by changing themselves over time (e.g., trees as they grow. Many invasive species function as ecosystem engineers as they change the ecosystem around them as they construct a niche that is favorable to their own survival. Cancer cells function as both allogenic and autogenic engineers. As allogenic engineers, for example, they secrete matrix metalloproteinases that physically alter their environment. The secretion of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) attracts the formation of new vasculature to the local tumor ecosystem. As autogenic engineers, tumors grow in size, changing the architecture, pH, and interstitial pressure of the organ host ecosystem in which they live. This fundamentally changes the growth patterns of host cell species as well as changes the flow of nutrients and information in the forms of cytokines, chemokines, hormones and exosomes as they traffic through the ecosystem.
Niche construction by an invasive species fundamentally changes the ecosystem in which it establishes. Initially, cancer cells, even when they arise in a primary organ site, act as an invasive species. Odling-Smee theorized that niche construction can cause ecological inheritance. Ecological inheritance is the inheritance, via an external environment, of one or more natural selection pressures previously modified by niche-constructing organisms. The concept of ecological inheritance depends on a species leaving the altered niche to their offspring, i.e., the next generation of the species is born into the engineered environment. This engineered environment can then speed the process of the selection of genetic factors that increases a species’ chances of survival. Tumor cell heterogeneity is a well-known concept in cancer biology and is generally attributed to intrinsic genetic instability. The concept of ecological inheritance suggests that the production of tumor cell heterogeneity may be increased through niche construction/ecological engineering. Given these findings, it is possible that this is a plausible concept. For example, does the fact that cancer cells create a hypoxic, nutrient – low environment lead to increased clonal heterogeneity or less as only a few adaptive clones survive? In the case of cancer, ecological inheritance of the malignant niche appears to promote the biodiversity of the cancer species (tumor cell heterogeneity), ultimately resulting in the development, selection, and survival of lethal clones.
A fundamental difference between ecological engineers in nature and cancer cells appears to be the health and longevity of the niche that the species constructs. A good example of this is when a beaver creates a pond that supports life and is passed onto its offspring. The beaver creates a beautiful pond, not a stagnant swamp. The human mind automatically assumes and looks for the “healthy” ecosystem. Nothing about a cancer microenvironment looks healthy to us. As cancer cells divide, they outstrip their blood supply, creating a nutrient poor, poorly oxygenated, acidic stagnant swamp rather than a healthy pond. The cancer swamp hardly seems conducive to growth and yet, this is exactly the environment the cancer cells may need to accelerate the generation of adaptive clones that have the ability to metastasize. As a secondary consequence, an environment is created that destroys the niches of normal host cells with resultant organ destruction, i.e., an ecological spillover. Even the beaver drives out normal species (e.g. trees living in the upstream drainage) while creating new habitats for non-beaver species (ducks, fish). In much the same way, cancer changes the host cells present in the organ ecosystem, destroying (e.g., epithelial cells) and attracting others (e.g., tumor associated macrophages).
In nature, many invasive species act as ecological engineers to create a niche that is conducive to its survival. From an ecological perspective, cancer appears to not make sense because it does not create an ecosystem that achieves equilibrium or a steady-state that allows it to survive as a species – it does not construct a stable niche. But it does engineer a niche that allows it to perpetuate itself and spread (Figure 4). Since there is no negative feedback or control, it ultimately causes organ destruction and the death of the host and itself. From an evolutionary standpoint then, cancer does not appear to be successful. This all depends on perspective.
In ecological and evolutionary terms, cancer is the prototypical ‘successful’ invasive species when looked at in terms of generation and time scale. It lives for thousands of generations and constructs a primary niche that forces it to acquire added qualities that then allow it to spread and invade new environments. Often it is only stopped by the death of the host biosphere. All species in nature live within the earth’s biosphere and species that survive and propagate within it are considered successful – but this will only be true while the earth remains healthy.
Publications.
Partial list:

</doc>
<doc id="36812410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812410" title="2010 Portland State Vikings football team">
2010 Portland State Vikings football team

The 2010 Portland State Vikings football team represented Portland State University in the 2010 NCAA Division I FCS football season a member of the Big Sky Conference (Big Sky). The Vikings were led by first year head coach Nigel Burton and played their home games at Hillsboro Stadium as PGE Park was under renovation. They finished the season with a record of two wins and nine losses (2–9, 1–7 Big Sky)

</doc>
<doc id="36812412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812412" title="Endel Ruberg">
Endel Ruberg

Endel Ruberg (21 May 1917 – 29 December 1989) was an Estonian-Canadian artist, naturalist, and humanitarian. He is best known for his leather and watercolour artwork as well as his volunteer work with children.
Biography.
Endel Ruberg was born in Virumaa, Estonia. He studied art in Finland, where he had gone to volunteer as a Soomepoiss during the Second World War. In 1951, due to uncertainty over possible aggression by the Soviet Union in the region, Ruberg emigrated to Canada. He died in 1989 in Stockholm, Sweden while on holiday.
Endel Ruberg’s artwork won over 50 awards and prizes, among them the Queen Elizabeth II Coronation Jubilee Medal (1978) for his contribution to Canadian art. Alar Kivilo’s documentary film "Ruberg" (1977) profiles the artist’s life and work.
Leather Art.
Leather Relief Technique.
Ruberg created leather artwork in low relief using traditional leather tooling methods and in high relief using a technique he developed himself. The high relief technique relies on applying a homemade paste to the reverse side of a leather piece for support, and then wrinkling, twisting, squeezing the front side to form three-dimensional shapes.
Direct Contact with Nature.
Ruberg worked mostly in the Laurentian forests of Quebec, in direct contact with nature. He valued the freedom and simplicity of nature, and felt that working outdoors was more inspiring and truthful to his art. The film critic Natalie Edwards, in reviewing the documentary "Ruberg", describes Ruberg’s austere work environment as complementing his simple philosophy of life: "… the bird sounds, forest sights, rustic life, and devotion to nature create an atmosphere at one with the artist … we listen with openness to the simple unsophisticated beliefs of Ruberg as he speaks of the greater artistic value resulting from the simpler and more primitive handling of the work."
Themes.
In addition to landscapes, Ruberg created sentimental works that captured the mood felt by many in the Estonian exile community longing for their native land. In "Omal Maal" (1978) Ruberg depicts the skyline of Tallinn, the capital city of Estonia. The reverse side of "Omal Maal" (1978) shows Ruberg’s inscription, taken from the Estonian folk epic Kalevipoeg, the last few verses of canto XVI, expressing the joy one feels when returning home after a long journey. 
Watercolours.
Akvarelli külmutustehnika.
In watercolours, Endel Ruberg discovered a technique to produce naturally occurring frost patterns in his paintings—the "akvarelli külmutustehnika" (an Estonian expression meaning watercolour freeze technique). The "akvarelli külmutustehnika" relies on painting outdoors during winter, allowing the cold air to condense and crystallize the watercolour paints as they dry. In those cold working conditions Ruberg painted with urgency, his brushwork displaying a fluid and spontaneous style. The "akvarelli külmutustehnika" introduces unpredictable geometric patterns, which appear as dendrite formations, needle-like structures, and arrow-like patterns depending on the wind conditions. Ruberg intentionally wanted the natural environment to contribute to his artwork, to enhance the atmospheric quality of the work and to establish a collaboration between artist and nature.
Themes.
The coniferous trees of the boreal forest of Canada are recurring motifs in Ruberg's watercolour paintings. They are represented as symbols of strength. These trees are well adapted to survive prolonged northern winters (their branches shed snow easily and their needle leaves help retain water and warmth). Ruberg felt special attachment to the conifers, saying “I have always felt a strong pull towards the north country. I grew up by a large forest of fir trees. The fir tree is a part of home to me.”
A typical compositional arrangement in a Ruberg watercolour painting is a row of trees standing in front of a sunlit sky. In a painting where the sun explicitly appears, its effect is to fill the sky with a warm palette of colour. Ruberg said “I feel my best work is done in the fading light at the end of the day. The late afternoon sun blesses my work.”
Youth Education.
Art Instruction.
Endel Ruberg was very involved with youth. He worked with young people in camps and in scouting, giving them opportunities to paint and work in leather under his guidance. He also volunteered for three years to help blind and disabled children and guide teachers at the Mackay Centre School in Montreal. On art education, Ruberg said "I am there for guidance and assistance. Perhaps most important of all is encouragement. The young get discouraged easily. The finished work is good incentive. Through early achievement comes patience and eventually maturity." 
Cultural Awareness.
Endel Ruberg encouraged a greater sensitivity to nature and to our ancestral connections with the earth. He re-enacted old rituals associated with the pre-Christian Estonian deity Taara. He also appeared at events dressed in costume as Kalevipoeg, a legendary folk hero of Estonia. 
Endel Ruberg fervently supported an end to Soviet occupation in Estonia. During the 1985 Canadian Ski Marathon he distributed informational material advocating ‘Freedom for Estonia!’ At times his activism led to mild controversies, such as when his Boy Scout troop was barred from exhibiting at Expo 67 due to Ruberg’s distribution of anti-Soviet “propaganda”. Ruberg died before the Dissolution of the Soviet Union and the restoration of independence to Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="36812471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812471" title="1997 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Doubles">
1997 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Doubles

Jim Grabb and Richey Reneberg were the defending champions, but did not participate together this year. Grabb partnered Wayne Black, losing in the first round. Reneberg partnered Sjeng Schalken, losing in the first round.
Ellis Ferreira and Patrick Galbraith won in the final 3–6, 6–2, 6–4, against Olivier Delaître and Fabrice Santoro.

</doc>
<doc id="36812477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812477" title="East Rocky Hill, New Jersey">
East Rocky Hill, New Jersey

East Rocky Hill is a census-designated place and unincorporated community located in Franklin Township, in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the CDP's population was 469.
Geography.
East Rocky Hill is located at (40.415133,-74.617903). According to the United States Census Bureau, East Rocky Hill had a total area of 4.252 square miles (11.014 km2), of which, 4.165 square miles (10.788 km2) of it is land and 0.087 square miles (0.226 km2) of it (2.05%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="36812534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812534" title="Monte Tabor metro station">
Monte Tabor metro station

Monte Tabor is a metro station on the Line 5 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. It was opened on February 3, 2011 as part of an extension of the Line 5 from Quinta Normal metro station. It is one of the three stations built on a viaduct on the just mentioned extension.
The platforms and tracks are enclosed by a steel framed structure. The portal frames are rectangular in shape with rounded corners and have different heights, which creates an undulating pattern along the platforms lengthwise. The structure base is overlapped by an arched tensile membrane structure. This portion of the station is laterally covered with sandwich-structured composite panels of aluminum.
The station features a double decker skyway, which connects the platforms to a cylindrical building. The walkway on the lower deck leads to the westbound platform, while the higher walkway crosses over the tracks and connects with the eastbound platform via two stairways and a two-stop elevator.

</doc>
<doc id="36812535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812535" title="Folding seat">
Folding seat

A Folding seat is a seat that folds away so as to occupy less space. When installed on a transit bus it makes room for a wheelchair or two. When installed on a passenger car, it provides extra seating. 
In churches it may have a projection called a misericord, which offers some support to a person standing in front when the seat is folded.
Folding seats may also be found in stadiums, arenas, theaters and auditoriums where they facilitate entry and exit.

</doc>
<doc id="36812538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812538" title="Nicolas Rossier">
Nicolas Rossier

Nicolas Rossier is an American filmmaker and reporter best known for his biographical documentaries of American academic Norman Finkelstein and the former Haitian President, Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
Filmmaking career.
Rossier was the first journalist to interview ousted president Jean-Bertrand Aristide after the 2004 Haitian coup d'état, with excerpts of this interview being featured in the documentary "Aristide and the Endless Revolution". The film has been called "vital" by "Variety" and "taut, well-balanced and insightful" by the New York Times. Rossier was also the last journalist to interview Aristide before he was allowed to return to Haiti in 2010. His follow up film, "", profiling the life and work of the disgraced Jewish academic and author, received many positive reviews.
His work has aired on television networks around the world including PBS, Al Jazeera English, and the Hallmark Channel and leading international venues such as the Film Society of Lincoln Center in New York, IDFA in Amsterdam, the Rotterdam International Film Festival, and Hot Docs. His work has been praised by industry peers such as Michael Moore, Albert Maysles and Mark Achbar. He has collaborated with many notable professionals in the industry, among them veteran CBC News reporter David Ridgen and Emmy Award-winning producer Jon Alpert.
Early career and biography.
Rossier's first film, "Life is a Dream: a Street Poet in New York" was released in 2000 and won him the Audience Award at the New York Independent Film Festival. He followed up with "Brothers and Others" in 2003 which exposed the impact and backlash of the events of 9/11 on Arab and Muslim communities within the United States which aired primetime on the Hallmark Channel several times. 
Nicolas Rossier was born and raised in Geneva, Switzerland. He pursued a career in the financial sector in Europe before relocating to New York City in 1998 to transition into a career in film and journalism. He has studied at the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies, the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute, the School of Visual Arts and the New York Film Academy. He works and lives in Brooklyn, New York.
Awards.
"Aristide and the Endless Revolution" took the Best Documentary prize at the Pan-African Film Festival and was selected for the Amnesty International Doen Award at IDFA in Amsterdam. "American Radical" won the Audience Choice award at IFP/Chicago Underground Film Festival, the Cinema Politica Audience Award, the Jean Renoir Award for Best Anti- War Film and was named one of the 'top ten best political documentaries' by ScreenJunkies.

</doc>
<doc id="36812559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812559" title="Ælfthryth of Mercia">
Ælfthryth of Mercia

Ælfthryth was the wife of the Mercian King Coenwulf, and had his two children Cynehelm and Cwoenthryth.

</doc>
<doc id="36812560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812560" title="Franklin Center, New Jersey">
Franklin Center, New Jersey

Franklin Center is a census-designated place and unincorporated community located in Franklin Township, in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the CDP's population was 4,460.
Geography.
Franklin Center is located at (40.531534,-74.54141). According to the United States Census Bureau, Franklin Center had a total area of 6.682 square miles (17.305 km2), of which, 6.579 square miles (17.040 km2) of it is land and 0.103 square miles (0.266 km2) of it (1.53%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="36812611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812611" title="Alan Sanchez (boxer)">
Alan Sanchez (boxer)

Alan Sánchez (born February 26, 1991) is a Mexican professional boxer out of Fairfield, California. 
Alan is a welterweight prospect under Don Chargin Productions. 
He is currently rated 68 welterweight boxer in the world by boxrec website and rated 19 in the USA 
Professional career.
Sánchez fought on August 25, 2012 in Fairfield California against welterweight contender Manuel Leyva winning via TKO stoppage in the 10th and final round, the main event of Solo Boxeo Tecate from the Allan Witt Sports Center.

</doc>
<doc id="36812617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812617" title="Grade I listed buildings in Coventry">
Grade I listed buildings in Coventry

There are 19 Grade I listed buildings in the City of Coventry. In the United Kingdom, a listed building is a building or structure of special historical or architectural importance. These buildings are legally protected from demolition, as well as from any extensions or alterations that would adversely affect the building's character or destroy historic features. Listed buildings in England and Wales are divided into three categories—Grade II buildings are buildings of special interest; Grade II* buildings are Grade II buildings of particular interest; and Grade I buildings, which are those of "exceptional" interest. Only around four per cent of listed buildings are given Grade I status.
Coventry is an ancient city and a metropolitan borough in the West Midlands of England. The city's history dates back to at least the 11th century (CE), and by the 14th century, it was a thriving centre of commerce. Like many of Coventry's Grade I listed buildings, the city's walls were erected towards the end of the end of the 14th and the beginning of the 15th centuries. Of the 20 buildings on this list, 14 are in the city centre, and 11 date back to the 14th century. The oldest is St. Mary's Priory, now a ruin, which was founded in 1043. Several other buildings in this list date from the 12th century. The youngest Grade I listed building in the city is the new cathedral, built in the 1950s to replace the 14th-century original. Like much of the city centre, the original cathedral was almost completely destroyed in the Coventry Blitz in November 1940, and the new cathedral was built next to the ruin, which was preserved.
A 20th building, Coombe Abbey, in Coombe Country Park () is owned by Coventry City Council but falls just outside the city boundary and into the Borough of Rugby in Warwickshire and thus is not included in this list.

</doc>
<doc id="36812625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812625" title="Chato people">
Chato people

The Chato were an indigenous people of the Southeastern Woodlands, that formerly lived on the coast in Mississippi and Alabama and around Mobile Bay. They were related to the Choctaws and Chickasaws. One source indicates that "The Chato were part of the Apalachee Indian tribe, as were the Escambe." However, the more general opinion is that the Chato tribe was of "unknown ethnic affinity," although they were allied with the Choctaw.

</doc>
<doc id="36812626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812626" title="Kansas City Renegades">
Kansas City Renegades

The Kansas City Renegades are a charter member of the Champions Professional Indoor Football League set to begin play for its inaugural 2013 season. Based in Kansas City, Missouri, the Renegades will play their home games at Kemper Arena.
The Renegades will be the second arena/indoor team based in Kansas City, following the Kansas City Command (previously known as the Kansas City Brigade) which played in the Arena Football League from 2006 until 2008 and then again from 2011 until 2012.
Franchise history.
2012.
The Renegades came about when the team purchased the physical assests of the Command. The Renegades are owned by Jeremy Ploeger; founder of sports management firm J&M Management, vice chairman of the Jackson County Board of Planning & Zoning Adjustments, and a former candidate for the Missouri House of Representatives in the 51st District. In addition, general manager Reggie Harris was the Brigade's general manager for their inaugural season. On September 20, 2012, the franchise announced that it would be nicknamed the "Renegades," with spokesman, Darron Story stating, "The Renegades name comes from going against the grain and represents our effort to separate ourselves from the past unsuccessful franchises. You have to have a renegade attitude to come behind that and be excited and have energy."
2013.
The Renegades opened the season poorly with losses to Omaha and Sioux City to drop to 0-2, but bounced back in the following three weeks with wins over Oklahoma, Wichita and Kansas (Topeka). The first two wins over Oklahoma and Wichita came largely to the credit of both kick returner OJ Simpson (unrelated to the NFL running back) who earned CPIFL Special Teams player of the week honors after scoring two touchdowns on kick returns against Wichita, and wide receiver Clinton Solomon who scored 4 touchdowns against Oklahoma and was named CPIFL Offensive player of the week on that day. Solomon raised his season total to 6 against Wichita the following week. Xavier Lee also led the team to victory against Wichita despite setting foot in Kansas City for the first time only a few days before the game. The Renegades defeated the Kansas Koyotes in week 6 to jump to their first time over .500 in franchise history. They finished the season 8-4. The team is not playing in the 2014 season, the team has chosen to take the season off to "reorganize". No announcements about future play have been made.

</doc>
<doc id="36812633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812633" title="Principality of Vitebsk">
Principality of Vitebsk

The Principality of Vitebsk was a Ruthenian principality centered around the city of Vitebsk in modern Belarus, that existed from its founding in 1101 until it was inherited into the Grand Duchy of Lithuania in 1320, and only nominally until 1508.
History.
The area around Vitebsk was controlled by the principality of Polotsk beginning from the 10th century. Following the death of Vseslav of Polotsk in 1101, Polotsk was divided into six smaller principalities each to be inherited by one of his six surviving sons. Vseslav's second born son, Sviatoslav Vseslavich inherited the lands surrounding Vitebsk and started the Vitebsk branch of the princes of Polotsk.
In 1106, Sviatoslav had partaken in a raid against the Baltic tribes in Semigallia with his brothers. In 1127, the prince of Kiev, Mstislav Vladimirovich, began a war with the princes of Polotsk over trade routes and pillaged several cities including Polotsk. Following the death of Rogvolod Vseslavich in 1128, Davyd Vseslavich inherited Polotsk and opposed the truce between Rogvolod and Kiev and renewed the conflict. During the new campaigning in 1129, Mstislav Vladimirovich captured the three remaining sons of Vseslav (Davyd, Sviatoslav and Rostislav) and annexed Polotsk and its vassals including Vitebsk. Mstislav gave the title of Polotsk to his son Svyatopolk Mstislavich. Sviatoslav and his brothers along with their immediate families were exiled to Constantinople where Sviatoslav died in 1130.
Sviatoslav's son Vasilko Sviatoslavich, after having likely served as commander under emperor John II Komnenos, returned from his exile in Constantinople in either 1131 or 1132 to claim his inheritance as Prince of Vitebsk. In 1132, the residents of Polotsk unhappy with the rule of Svyatopolk Mstislavich, invited Vasilko to claim the Principality of Polotsk. Vasilko accepted the offer and gave the title of Vitebsk over to his son Vseslav Vasilkovich. Under the reign of Vseslav, the other exiled Polotsk princes were allowed to return in 1139 and the princes of Vitebsk, Minsk and Drutsk began to quarrel over the control of Polotsk after Vseslav claimed Polotsk in 1162. In 1165-1167 due to the feudal strife, the principality of Vitebsk was shortly acquired by the princes of Smolensk. However this submission was short lived, and Vitebsk soon regained independence and given to Briachislav Vasilkovich, another son of Vasilko. During this time period, the principality had strong trade connections to Riga.
In 1186, the principality of Vitebsk again fell under the influence of Smolensk which angered the princes of Polotsk and Chernigov whom in 1195 marched against the prince of Smolensk. As a result of this campaign, Vitebsk again fell under the rule of Polotsk. In the beginning of the thirteenth century, Vitebsk had close relationships with the princes of Vladimir-Suzdal but due to the swift diplomatic maneuvering of Lithuanian princes, the principality fell under the influence of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. It is not known who succeeded after the death of the second Briachislav Vasilkovich in 1232. However, in 1254, the nephew of Mindaugas, Tautvilas was given Polotsk, and he placed his son Constantine as ruler of Vitebsk in 1262. The last prince of Vitebsk was Jaroslav Vasilkovich, whose daughter Mary was married to a Lithuanian prince. Jaroslav died in 1320 without heirs and Vitebsk was incorporated into the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
In 1508, the Voivodeship of Vitebsk was created out of the lands of the former principality along with the cities of Orsha, Drutsk and Mogilyov.

</doc>
<doc id="36812659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812659" title="Shang Zhixin">
Shang Zhixin

Shang Zhixin (Traditional Chinese: 尚之信) (died 1680) was a major figure in the early Qing Dynasty, known for his role in the Revolt of the Three Feudatories. He was Prince of Pingnan (平南王, "Prince who Pacifies the South"), inheriting his position from his father, the surrendered Ming Dynasty general Shang Kexi.
In 1673, Shang Kexi, on account of old age, requested the Kangxi Emperor to allow him to retire back in his adopted homeland Liaodong. He thus passed on his position to Shang Zhixin, who was his eldest son. As Prince of Pingnan, his duties were primarily concerned with the defence of Guangdong province.
Not long afterwards, the Qing court, as part of its policy of centralization, decided to abolish Pingnan Feudatory under the pretext that Shang Zhixin was "difficult to control". Shang Kexi, who was then still in Guangdong, was willing to accept this and made preparations to move his entire family back to Haicheng. 
However, the rebellion of the Pingxi and Jingnan feudatories, under Wu Sangui and Geng Jingzhong respectively, put an end to these plans. Shang Zhixin was ordered to give military command back to his father, who was still loyal to the Qing; however, many of his men deserted to the rebel camp. From 1673 to 1676, Guangzhou held out as a Qing fortress in the midst of rebel-held territory.
In early 1676, forces loyal to Shang Zhixin placed Shang Kexi under house arrest. Having gained the military command of Pingnan Feudatory, Shang Zhixin promptly joined Wu Sangui's forces. However, after Shang Kexi's death in late 1676 (and also following the surrender of rebel generals such as Wang Fuchen), Shang Zhixin changed his mind and defected back to the Qing. The Qing court ordered him to lead troops against Wu Sangui; but Shang Zhixin only made token efforts to that end, hoping to preserve his own forces.
In 1679, Kangxi stripped Shang Zhixin of much of his military powers. In 1680, with a Qing victory imminent, Shang Zhixin was arrested, brought to Beijing and ordered to commit suicide. In return for killing himself, Shang Zhixin's family was spared from punishment.

</doc>
<doc id="36812689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812689" title="Grøtavær Church">
Grøtavær Church

Grøtavær Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway. It is located in the village of Grøtavær on the island of Grytøya. The church is part of the Grytøy parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1915 and it seats about 200 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36812694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812694" title="Tzur Shalem">
Tzur Shalem

Tzur Shalem is an Israeli outpost attached to the Israeli settlement of Karmei Tzur in The Gush Etzion settlement bloc in the West Bank. The outpost is under the jurisdiction of the Gush Etzion Regional Council. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
Tzur Shalem was founded in March 2001 in memory of Shmuel Gillis, a senior hematologist at Hadassah Medical Center in Jerusalem who lived in Karmei Tzur. Dr. Gillis was killed by Palestinians earlier in 2001.
The outpost, which is just from its parent community of Karmei Tzur, started with 6 caravans. By the summer of 2004 it had grown to 22 caravans.
In June 2002 Palestinians killed Eyal and Yael Sorek and army reservist Shalom Mordechai in Tzur Shalem. The attack called the legitimacy of outposts in general into question in Israel. Avraham Rotem, a researcher at the Begin-Sadat Center for Strategic Studies, said that a settlement of even five families would require 60 to 80 soldiers along with a vast amount of infrastructure in order to defend it. Rotem claimed that "nything can be defended. But the question is if it is smart, and whether the IDF needs this on its head, and the answer to that question is no. These tiny settlements are an albatross on the neck of the IDF."

</doc>
<doc id="36812716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812716" title="Lundenes Church">
Lundenes Church

Lundenes Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway. It is located in the village of Lundenes on the island of Grytøya. The church is part of the Grytøy parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The red wooden church was built in 1974 by the architect Osvald Flakstad. The church seats about 200 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36812720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812720" title="Dinoponera">
Dinoponera

Dinoponera is a strictly South American genus of ant in the subfamily Ponerinae, tribe Ponerini, commonly called tocandiras or giant Amazonian ants. These ants are generally less well known than "Paraponera clavata", the bullet ant, yet "Dinoponera" females may surpass in total body length, making them the largest in the world.
Distribution.
"Dinoponera", a strictly South American genus, has been found from montane rainforest on the eastern slope of the Andes in Peru, Ecuador and Colombia to savannah and lowland rainforest in Brazil, Guyana, south through Bolivia, Paraguay and Argentina.
Size.
"Dinoponera" contains one of the largest species of ants in the world with female "Dinoponera gigantea" specimens in length. Size is the most obvious character distinguishing "Dinoponera". The only other ants with a worker caste approaching this size are "Paraponera clavata" (the bullet ant) and the larger "Pachycondyla" such as "Pachycondyla crassinoda", "Pachycondyla impressa" and "Pachycondyla villosa". "Paraponera clavata" is easily separated by its anvil shaped petiole with a spine on the ventral surface, highly sculptured body and deep antennal scrobes. "Pachycondyla" is regarded as the sister taxa to "Dinoponera". "Dinoponera", in addition to their size, are distinguishable from "Pachycondyla" by the presence of two laterally projecting clypeal teeth and rows of spines on the pygidium and hypopygidium.
Reproduction.
Females.
"Dinoponera" is one of the roughly 10 ponerine genera in which some species have secondarily lost the typical morphologically specialized queen caste for a reproductive worker known as a gamergate. Conflict over dominance is intense in colonies with younger workers usually joining a linear hierarchy of one to five workers depending on colony size. The gamergate, or alpha female has the highest ranking. The alpha female mates with non-nestmate males at night at the entrance of the nest. After copulation the female bites through the male's gaster to release herself and pulls out the genital capsule which acts as a temporary sperm plug. After mating the female is unreceptive to other males and remains monandrous. The gamergate maintains dominance with ritualized behaviors such as antennal boxing and biting, "blocking", as well as gaster rubbing and curling.
Alpha females may "sting smear" a competing female with secretions from the Dufour's gland, triggering the lower ranking workers to immobilize the marked female. Subordinate females (beta, gamma, or delta) may produce unfertilized eggs but these are usually consumed by the alpha female in a form of "queen policing".
Males.
Males are born throughout most of the year in tropical species, however "Dinoponera australis" which lives in the more temperate south was found to only produce males in May–July. When the alpha declines reproductively or dies, she is replaced by a high-ranking worker.
Foraging.
Workers lower in the hierarchy forage individually for food items on the substrate and do not recruit other nestmates to assist with food transport. Although foraging workers do not recruit nestmates, Nascimento "et al". (2012) found a positive feedback between incoming food and stimulation of new foragers as well as task partitioning once food was brought into the nest. Lower ranking females processed protein resources while higher ranking females handled small food pieces and distributed them to the larvae. Fourcassié & Oliviera (2002) found "Dinoponera gigantea" foraging to be concentrated in the early morning and afternoon but did not sample at night. Morgan (1993) observed the highest activity at night in "Dinoponera longipes". "Dinoponera quadriceps" has a marked seasonal pattern in activity. It is most active in May–August, the late rainy season to early dry season in the semiarid Caatinga. Activity was strongly negatively correlated to temperature and positively correlated to prey abundance. The diets of both "Dinoponera gigantea" and "Dinoponera quadriceps" have been shown to be predominantly scavenged invertebrates, but include live prey, seeds and fruits. Araújo & Rodrigues (2006) state that the taxonomic diversity of prey is comparable to other tropical ponerines, but has an optimal prey size of 2–3 cm in "Dinoponera". Diet seems to be very similar across the genus, regardless of habitat.
Venom.
Despite their large size and strong venom, "Dinoponera" are likely preyed on by many vertebrate and invertebrate species across South America. Like many other ant species, "Dinoponera" can be infected by the entomopathogenic fungi "Cordyceps" sp. Buys "et al". (2010) discovered a "Kapala" sp. eucharitid wasp emerging from the puparia of "Dinoponera lucida".
For subduing large live prey and defense, workers possess a sting that has been known to cause severe pain lasting up to 48 hours, lymphaedenopathy, edema, tachycardia and fresh blood to appear in human victim feces are common symptoms. In gamergates the venom sac is empty. Workers may have 60–75 unique proteinaceous components in the venom. The convoluted gland within the venom system of "Dinoponera australis" has been found to possess close similarities to those of vespine wasps. The contents of "Dinoponera australis" venom have been found to be similar to those of "Pachycondyla" spp. Due to the high diversity of compounds and systemic effects, venom of "Dinoponera" could be of use to the pharmaceutical industry. For instance, Sousa "et al". (2012) demonstrated in mice that venom from "Dinoponera quadriceps" had antinociceptive properties. The authors note that the local population of northeast Brazil uses dry crushed "Dinoponera quadriceps" ants to treat earaches, and the stings of live ants are administered for back pain and rheumatism.
Colonies.
Colonies vary in size depending upon species. "Dinoponera australis" colonies have an average of 14 workers (range 3–37), "Dinoponera gigantea" average 41 workers (range 30–96) and "Dinoponera quadriceps" has the largest colonies with an average of 80 workers (range 26–238).
Colony founding.
New colonies are founded by fission, a process in which a beta female is fertilized in the natal nest. This new alpha female then leaves the nest with a cohort of workers to found an incipient colony, sometimes employing tandem running.
Nests.
The nest consists of large chambers and tunnels in the soil possibly with an earthen mound and can be 0.10–1.2 m deep. Nests are deeper in "Dinoponera australis" and "Dinoponera quadriceps" than in "Dinoponera gigantea", Monnin "et al". (2003) suggests that deeper nests are a possible adaptation to seasons and aridity. "Dinoponera gigantea" nests may have up to eight entrances and can be weakly polydomous, whereas 1–30 openings with an average of 11 were recorded for "Dinoponera longipes". Nesting density and spatial distribution varies depending on habitat. Density ranges from 15–40 nests per ha-1 to 80 nests per ha-1. Morgan (1993) measured a spacing between nests for "Dinoponera longipes" with a median of 35 m (n=22, range 14–69.5 m). "Dinoponera australis" and "Dinoponera gigantea" usually nest at the base of trees. Observations of "Dinoponera quadriceps" nests show that in more arid Caatinga and Cerrado habitats, nests are predominantly constructed under trees, whereas in Atlantic forest 60% of nests were 3 m away from any tree.

</doc>
<doc id="36812728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812728" title="Hovey Lake Archaeological District">
Hovey Lake Archaeological District

The Hovey Lake Archaeological District is a historic district composed of multiple archaeological sites in the extreme southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Indiana. Comprising a small village site and a group of yet smaller campsites in a major river floodplain, the district has been designated because it is likely to give researchers important information about life in the area shortly before the area first experienced contact between Indians and Europeans.
Geography.
The district lies within the boundaries of the Hovey Lake Fish and Wildlife Area, a wildlife refuge in the southeastern portion of Point Township in Posey County, the southwesternmost township in Indiana's southwesternmost county. The district and surrounding countryside are located in a low-lying floodplain area near the Ohio River, very close to its confluence with the Wabash River. Land in the district comprises a mixture of sand and silt, formed into successive swales and swells. Vegetation and animals known in states to the south but otherwise unseen in Indiana are known in southern Point Township: large trees such as the bald cypress, the pecan, and the water hickory reach their northernmost point in the vicinity of Hovey Lake, as do many species of smaller plants and some types of mammals. Hovey Lake itself is a backwater representing the remnant of an oxbow lake that was cut off from the Ohio River no later than AD 1570 and likely more than a century earlier. It is surrounded by low-lying sand ridges with just enough elevation to avoid submersion in all but the worst spring floods.
Archaeological investigation.
During the summer of 1980, a consortium of archaeologists from Indiana University and the historic preservation office in the Indiana Department of Natural Resources conducted a field survey of the Hovey Lake Fish and Wildlife Area. Twenty-one different sites located east of the lake and west of the riverbank were found; all sat on the low sand ridges. The sizes of the sites and the nature of the various features at each one led the surveyors to conclude that the sites were inhabited by peoples of the Caborn-Welborn culture. A later manifestation of the Mississippian culture, Caborn-Welborn is centered near Hovey Lake at the mouth of the Wabash. Its sites are divided into five types by size:
Within the Hovey Lake district, most sites were farmsteads, with the exception of a single site that appears to have been a hamlet or a small village. The locations of the sites in the district led the surveyors to conclude that most farmsteads were only used during the late spring and summer as the spring floods disappeared and the agricultural year reached its peak.
One of the most important sites revealed by the survey was given the name "Big Baltzman Site". Located about west of the Ohio River bank, Big Baltzman produced a wide range of stone tools, including scrapers, knives, projectile points, and celts. Moreover, the same excavations yielded evidence of typical Mississippian houses and of the inhabitants' diets, particularly numerous mussel shells and deer bones. Because Big Baltzman and some other sites are located on or near the Ohio River shoreline, erosion by the river is a danger: unlike the Wabash, the Ohio naturally moves and erodes rather slowly, but the construction of dams on the river has radically changed its patterns: the increased elevation of the river behind its dams makes flooding at the site more likely, as has been seen in the riverine-caused destruction of such Ohio River sites as Yankeetown upstream from Evansville, Indiana. Further damage to the district — both Big Baltzman and other sites — comes from two large and at least two small sources. Because the district comprises primarily farmland, agricultural activities may unintentionally damage sites, and the placement of oil derricks also risks compromising the sites; meanwhile, direct human contact is also feared as a source of danger: bird hunters' construction of hunting blinds and vandals' intentional theft of artifacts are known to risk the district's integrity.
Recognition.
In late 1985, the area east of Hovey Lake and west of the Ohio River was designated a historic district and listed on the National Register of Historic Places because of its archaeological importance. It is one of many substantial archaeological locations in Point Township: a very cursory survey of the county in the 1940s found fifteen different villages in the township, most of them within of one or both rivers. Today, it is one of three National Register-listed archaeological locations in Point Township, along with the Ashworth Archaeological Site and the Murphy Site; as well, the township includes the Hovey Lake-Klein and Welborn Village sites, which were deemed eligible for the National Register but were not added purely because of objections by property owners.

</doc>
<doc id="36812734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812734" title="The Soul of Ben Webster">
The Soul of Ben Webster

The Soul of Ben Webster is an album by American jazz saxophonist Ben Webster featuring tracks recorded in 1958 for the Verve label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars with its review by Scott Yanow stating "The great tenor is at his best on a beautiful version of "Chelsea Bridge" and "When I Fall in Love"... Recommended". 
Track listing.
"All compositions by Ben Webster except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36812765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812765" title="Blanqueado metro station">
Blanqueado metro station

Blanqueado is an underground metro station on the Line 5 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile.
The tunnel containing the platforms, which are long, is connected by a concourse tunnel to a large shaft, which includes the ticket hall, as well as the stairways and elevator that lead to the only exit. The tracks rest at a depth of .

</doc>
<doc id="36812768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812768" title="Sugar Man (disambiguation)">
Sugar Man (disambiguation)

Sugar Man or The Sugar Man may refer to:
In music:

</doc>
<doc id="36812779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812779" title="2006–07 Millwall F.C. season">
2006–07 Millwall F.C. season

During the 2006–07 English football season, Millwall competed in Football League One.
Results.
"Millwall's score comes first"

</doc>
<doc id="36812786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812786" title="WUME-FM">
WUME-FM

WUME 95.3 FM is a radio station broadcasting an Hot Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Paoli, Indiana, the station is owned by Diamond Shores Broadcasting, LLC. 

</doc>
<doc id="36812790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812790" title="SMK Muhammadiyah Pekalongan">
SMK Muhammadiyah Pekalongan

SMK Muhammadiyah Pekalongan is a senior vocational school in Pekalongan, Central Java, that is run by the Muslim organisation Muhammadiyah. It was established in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="36812812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812812" title="UnboundID">
UnboundID

UnboundID is a company based in Austin, Texas that develops identity management software. UnboundID is known for developing identity management applications, and for offering directory services capable of processing large amounts of user-identity information at high speeds.
The company helps companies financially capitalize on customer data. UnboundID’s products allow companies to manage, share, and protect customer data in real time, utilizing data from cloud, mobile, and social applications. Founded in 2007 by former employees of Sun Microsystems, the company simplifies the business of managing and trading identity data across domains. In 2012, UnboundID raised $12.5 million in funding from OpenView Venture Partners of Boston.
History.
2007-2009.
After Sun Microsystems closed its Austin-based directory services product division, former employees Neil Wilson, David Ely, Don Bowen, and Stephen Shoaff left Sun and co-founded UnboundID in December 2007. UnboundID released Directory Server, a standards-based platform as their initial product in March 2009. Based on LDAP V3, the product was aimed at handling the identity and personalization demands of Web-based services and mobile computing. As part of the announcement, telecommunications company Alcatel-Lucent said it is using the UnboundID Directory Server as the foundation for its platform to support personalized Web 2.0 and communications services over wired and mobile networks. 
In June 2009, UnboundID unveiled a new synchronization server, allowing bilateral synching of two LDAP servers. This server was specifically designed to support both DSEE (Directory Server Enterprise Edition), Sun Microsystems’ well-established server, and UnboundID’s own Directory Server, which the company claims is faster, is supported on a wider platform range, and requires a smaller hardware footprint.
Then in July 2009, the company released a proxy server that provides users with load balancing, failover and extra security controls. The UnboundID Directory Proxy Server is an LDAPv3 gateway that supports various directories and adds unique features when paired with UnboundID’s own directory. The proxy server is the third piece of the start-up’s lineup, which includes its high performance standards-based directory server aimed at the identity and personalization demands of Web-based services and mobile computing.
2011.
In January 2011, UnboundID released an updated identity management platform, designed to facilitate delivery of cloud services and mobile applications. This platform, able to securely integrate and synchronize several sources of identity data in real time, is the only directory services platform certified VMware Ready. This capability allows companies to access user data including location and user preferences, and then tailor their products more specifically to individual network subscribers. The updated platform supports identity unification by synchronizing identity data repositories and provides a framework for building extensions to pre-existing identity infrastructures.
Additionally, UnboundID hired and promoted for several key positions at this time. Andy Spillane, former executive with AOL Inc. and Yahoo! Inc., as well as president of product and technology for Friendster, joined UnboundID as the new chief product officer. The previous month the company hired one new vice president and promoted another, bringing the total employee count up to 35 full-time workers.
In July 2011, UnboundID released a Beta version toolkit for the SCIM (Simple Cloud Identity Management – now known as the System for Cross-domain Identity Management) initiative.This product allows developers to deliver customer and identity data with extra security and greater efficiency when transferring data between cloud, mobile, and on-premise applications.
2012.
UnboundID announced plans to expand the company’s international presence in March 2012. UnboundID raised $12.5 million in funding from OpenView Venture Partners of Boston, building on previous support from Silverton Partners received in 2009.
At Cloud Expo East 2012 in New York, UnboundID suggested new directions for company growth. Focusing on emerging opportunities in the “identity economy,” Mr. Land, vice president of marketing, suggested that UnboundID will be involved in helping individuals manage the use of their own identity data and its availability online, and that the company will be advocating informed consent so that individual network users may better understand how their identity data is used.
In July 2012, UnboundID joined TM Forum, a global, non-profit industry that facilitates service providers’ agility and innovation. UnboundID will work with these service providers, proposing ways to capitalize on identity data they already own. This partnership gives UnboundID access to collaboration with ninety percent of the world’s largest service providers, united through use of TM Forum’s Frameworx, a “suite of standards that provides the blueprint for effective business operations, enabling service providers to assess and improve performance by using a proven, service-oriented approach to operations and integration.”
2013.
UnboundID released Version 4.0 of the UnboundID Identity Data Platform in 2013, which included enhanced data unification capabilities, improved security, and scalability to manage identity data. The company also became a member of IAPP. 
Awards.
In May 2011 UnboundID was named a 2011 "Cool Vendor in Identity and Access Management" by Gartner.
UnboundID was featured as a “Best Place to Work,” ranking number 10 in the small employer category for Central Texas by the Austin Business Journal in June 2012.
August 2012 UnboundID received the 2011 Communications Solutions Product of the Year Award for the UnboundID Identity Services Platform.

</doc>
<doc id="36812833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812833" title="Gamma Piscis Austrini">
Gamma Piscis Austrini

Gamma Piscis Austrini (Gamma PsA, γ Piscis Austrini, γ PsA) is multiple star system in constellation of Piscis Austrinus, with an apparent magnitude of +4.46. The primary component is a white A-type giant. It is approximately 222 light years from Earth. With a temperature estimated at 10,600 Kelvin, the star shines with a rather decent luminosity of 81 times that of the Sun.
Gamma Piscis Austrini is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 24.1 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 21,600 and 30,800 light years from the center of the Galaxy.
Gamma Piscis Austrini came closest to the Sun 1.8 million years ago when it had brightened to magnitude 3.78 from a distance of 157 light years.
Naming.
In Chinese, (), meaning "Decayed Mortar", refers to an asterism consisting of refers to an asterism consisting of γ Piscis Austrini, γ Gruis, λ Gruis and 19 Piscis Austrini. Consequently, γ Piscis Austrini itself is known as (, .)

</doc>
<doc id="36812841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812841" title="WZDM">
WZDM

WZDM 92.1 FM is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Vincennes, Indiana, the station is owned by The Original Company, Inc. 

</doc>
<doc id="36812866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812866" title="Fort Gates Ferry">
Fort Gates Ferry

The Fort Gates Ferry is an auto ferry that crosses the St. Johns River in Florida, downstream of Lake George and just upstream of Little Lake George, at Fruitland Cove. The oldest operating ferry in Florida, it acts as part of the Florida Black Bear Scenic Byway.
Location and history.
The Fort Gates Ferry, also known as the Gateway Ferry, connects Fort Gates Ferry Road near Pomona Park on the east bank of the St. Johns River with Forest Service Road 43, leading to Salt Springs in the Ocala National Forest, on the west bank. The ferry first entered service in the 1850s and is the oldest ferry service still operating in Florida. It was operated as a military ferry by the Confederate Army during the American Civil War.
The current ferry began operation in 1914, and is one of four still operating in the state of Florida. The ferry, part of the Florida Black Bear Scenic Byway, consists of a barge pushed by a tugboat converted from a 1910 Sharpie sailboat. It has a weight limit of . The tugboat, named "Too Wendy", is long and is powered by a diesel engine. Hurricane Gladys sunk the ferry's tugboat in 1968; service was suspended until it could be raised.
In 1972, an automobile commercial featuring Paul Newman was filmed on the Fort Gates Ferry. In 2009 the ferry was part of a route named the "World's Worst Commute" in a contest run to promote a brand of motor oil.
Traffic.
The ferry, with a toll of $10 in 2009, is one of four in Florida. Operating daily except Tuesday during daylight hours, it has an estimated annual traffic load of 1,500 vehicles per year. The ferry takes ten minutes to cross the one mile (1.6 km) span of the river; it can carry two to four pickup trucks, a dozen motorcycles, or 38 dirt bikes or bicycles.
The ferry is privately operated by the Fort Gates Fish Camp, and is funded by Putnam County as a public transportation service; the subsidy was set at $10,000 per year in 1995. Putnum County is planning on replacing the ferry landings with new structures.

</doc>
<doc id="36812922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812922" title="WSKL">
WSKL

WSKL 92.9 FM is a radio station broadcasting an oldies format. Licensed to Veedersburg, Indiana, the station serves the areas of Danville, Illinois and Attica, Indiana, and is owned by Zona Communications, Inc. 

</doc>
<doc id="36812930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812930" title="Jamil ibn Ma'mar">
Jamil ibn Ma'mar

Jamīl ibn 'Abd Allāh ibn Ma'mar al-'Udhrī (; d.701 CE), also known as Jamil Buthayna, was a classical Arabic love poet. He belonged to the Banu 'Udhra tribe which was renowned for its poetic tradition of chaste love.

</doc>
<doc id="36812931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812931" title="Men's U23 Pan-American Volleyball Cup">
Men's U23 Pan-American Volleyball Cup

The Men's U23 Pan-American Volleyball Cup is a bi-annual Continental Cup organized by NORCECA for U23 teams from South-, North- and Central America, and the Caribbean.

</doc>
<doc id="36812937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812937" title="Fix Me (10 Years song)">
Fix Me (10 Years song)

"Fix Me" is the second single from the 2010 album "Feeding the Wolves", released by alternative metal band 10 Years.
Music video.
On June 17 and 18, the band shot a music video for "Fix Me" in Columbus, Ohio with production company Thunder Down Country. The video was released via YouTube on August 9, 2011.
The video depicts the band in a karaoke bar playing as various different characters. As the video continues, the characters get into a fight with one another.

</doc>
<doc id="36812965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812965" title="Women's U23 Pan-American Volleyball Cup">
Women's U23 Pan-American Volleyball Cup

The Women's U23 Pan-American Volleyball Cup is a bi-annual Continental Cup organized by NORCECA for U20 teams from all over America (North-, South- and Central America, and the Caribbean)

</doc>
<doc id="36812971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812971" title="Raffaele Carelli">
Raffaele Carelli

Raffaele Carelli (Martina Franca, 25 September 1795 - Naples, Italy, 1864) was an Italian painter and painter of the School of Posillipo.
Raffaele’s father, Settimio Carelli, was a painter in Puglia, where he had been a follower of the style of Pompeo Battoni. Raffaele as a young man sought employment in Naples, and initially worked with a painting restorer, but sooned worked in the studio with Wilhelm Jakob Huber. In 1833, he won a prize for landscape art from the Neapolitan Academy for two vistas of "Cascade of Fibreno" and the "Scoglio di Frisa". He was best known for his landscape paintings, sometimes commingling with genre scenes. As a "documentary" painter, completing water colors of various sights, he accompanied the Duke of Devonshire in some tours of Sicily, Greece, Asia Minor, and Constantinople. He was the father of the painters Consalvo (Gonsalvo) and Gabriele Carelli. He is the grandfather of the painters Giuseppe Carelli (1858 - 1921), son of Conzalvo, and Conrad Hector Raffaele Carelli (1866-1956), son of Gabriele.

</doc>
<doc id="36812978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36812978" title="WLPK">
WLPK

WLPK 1580 AM is a radio station broadcasting an classic hits format. Licensed to Connersville, Indiana, the station is owned by Rodgers Broadcasting Corporation. 
History.
On March 17, 2014 WLPK changed their format from oldies to classic hits, branded as "K Mix 106.9" (the frequency in the branding is for FM translator W296BA 106.9 FM Connersville, Indiana).

</doc>
<doc id="36813003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813003" title="The xx discography">
The xx discography

The discography of English indie pop band The xx consists of two studio albums, five extended plays, eight singles and six music videos.

</doc>
<doc id="36813031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813031" title="WIFE-FM">
WIFE-FM

WIFE 94.3 FM is a radio station broadcasting an Country music format. Licensed to Rushville, Indiana, the station is owned by Rodgers Broadcasting Corporation. 

</doc>
<doc id="36813036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813036" title="Astropecten articulatus">
Astropecten articulatus

Astropecten articulatus or royal starfish is a sea star of the family Astropectinidae.
Habitat and behavior.
The habitat of the "Astropecten articulatus" varies from 0 - and it lives most commonly at the mid continental shelf around .
"Astropecten articulatus" is found along the east coast and commonly along the southeast coast of the United States.
Description.
"Astropecten articulatus" has dorsal granulose paxillae that are usually dark blue to purple and orange marginal plates with supermarginal white spines.
The five ambulacral grooves contain numerous ambulacral spines and tube feet. The mouth has a set of five jaws covered with spines. The color of the madreporite is light orange, and it has raised pores that connect to the water vascular system. The arms can reach in length.
"Astropecten articulatus" has large orangish yellow marginal plates. It has short paxillae that give the aboral surface a granular appearance. Its paxillar areas on the arms are about twice the width of the marginals and are very compact. Fresh specimens are usually bright blue or purple with yellow, orange, or white marginals.
Feeding.
"Astropecten articulatus" is a carnivore and feeds on molluscs, which it catches with its arms and then takes to the mouth. The prey is then trapped by the long, moving prickles around the mouth cavity. Unlike other starfish, it swallows food whole.

</doc>
<doc id="36813040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813040" title="Ben Webster and Associates">
Ben Webster and Associates

Ben Webster and Associates is an album by American jazz saxophonist Ben Webster featuring tracks recorded in 1959 for the Verve label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4½ stars with its review by Al Cambell stating ""Ben Webster and Associates" is a 1959 session that took full advantage of the long-playing LP format. Highlighted by the 20-minute version of Ellington's "In a Mellow Tone" in which tenor titans Ben Webster, Coleman Hawkins, and Budd Johnson plus trumpeter Roy Eldridge stretch out, not so much in a cutting contest as a laid-back jam session amongst friends. This summit meeting turned out to be a tribute to another tenor master of the same generation, Lester Young, who had died less than four weeks before this session". 
Track listing.
"All compositions by Ben Webster except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36813043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813043" title="Software analytics">
Software analytics

Software Analytics is to utilize the data-driven approach to enable software practitioners to perform data exploration and analysis in order to obtain insightful and actionable information for completing various tasks around software systems, software users, and software development process.
Software Analytics is a field within the area of Analytics, along with web analytics, fraud analytics, etc.
Data under exploration and analysis by Software Analytics exists in software lifecycle, including source code, software requirement specifications, bug reports, test cases, execution traces/logs, and real-world user feedback, etc. Data plays a critical role in modern software development, because hidden in the data is the information and insight about the quality of software and services, the experience that software users receive, as well as the dynamics of software development.
Insightful information obtained by Software Analytics is information that conveys meaningful and useful understanding or knowledge towards performing the target task. Typically insightful information cannot be easily obtained by direct investigation on the raw data without the aid of analytic technologies.
Actionable information obtained by Software Analytics is information upon which software practitioners can come up with concrete solutions (better than existing solutions if any) towards completing the target task.
Software Analytics focuses on trinity of software systems, software users, and software development process:
Software Systems. Depending on scale and complexity, the spectrum of software systems can span from operating systems for devices to large networked systems that consist of thousands of servers. System quality such as reliability, performance and security, etc., is the key to success of modern software systems. As the system scale and complexity greatly increase, larger amount of data, e.g., run-time traces and logs, is generated; and data becomes a critical means to monitor, analyze, understand and improve system quality.
Software Users. Users are (almost) always right because ultimately they will use for the software and services in various ways. Therefore, it is important to continuously provide the best experience to users. Usage data collected from the real world reveals how users interact with software and services. The data is incredibly valuable for software practitioners to better understand their customers and gain insights on how to improve user experience accordingly.
Software Development Process. Software development has evolved from its traditional form to exhibiting different characteristics. The process is more agile and engineers are more collaborative than that in the past. Analytics on software development data provides a powerful mechanism that software practitioners can leverage to achieve higher development productivity.
In general, the primary technologies employed by Software Analytics include analytical technologies such as machine learning, data mining and pattern recognition, information visualization, as well as large-scale data computing & processing.
Examples of Software Analytics usage.
In March 2014, New Relic, a San Francisco-based company, announced New Relics Insights, a Software Analytics platform. Insights, which has been described as “Splunk for apps,” uses an SQL-like query language to access its database. Insights “promises to give software makers a blow-by-blow account of how people are using their apps and enable mere mortals — business managers not just data scientists — to interactively query the stats generated.” Online learning app developer Quizlet uses New Relic Insights beta software to run queries against its historical app user data. Quizlet founder Andrew Sutherland told VentureBeat his company has shifted its marketing focus from younger to older demographics based on findings gained from Insights. 
History.
In May 2009, Software Analytics was first coined and proposed when Dr. Dongmei Zhang founded the Software Analytics Group (SA) at Microsoft Research Asia (MSRA). The term has become well known in the software engineering research community after a series of tutorials and talks on software analytics were given by Dr. Dongmei Zhang and her colleagues, in collaboration with Professor Tao Xie from North Carolina State University, at software engineering conferences including a tutorial at the IEEE/ACM International Conference on Automated Software Engineering (ASE 2011), a talk at the International Workshop on Machine Learning Technologies in Software Engineering (MALETS 2011), a tutorial and a keynote talk given by Dr. Dongmei Zhang at the IEEE-CS Conference on Software Engineering Education and Training (CSEE&T 2012), a tutorial at the International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE 2012) - Software Engineering in Practice Track, and a keynote talk given by Dr. Dongmei Zhang at the Working Conference on Mining Software Repositories (MSR 2012).
In November 2010, Software Development Analytics (Software Analytics with focus on Software Development) was proposed by Thomas Zimmermann and his colleagues at the Empirical Software Engineering Group (ESE) at Microsoft Research Redmond in their FoSER 2010 paper. A goldfish bowl panel on software development analytics was organized by Thomas Zimmermann and Professor Tim Menzies from West Virginia University at the International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE 2012), Software Engineering in Practice track.

</doc>
<doc id="36813067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813067" title="Delta Piscis Austrini">
Delta Piscis Austrini

Delta Piscis Austrini (Delta PsA, δ Piscis Austrini, δ PsA) is multiple star system in constellation of Piscis Austrinus, with an apparent magnitude of +4.20. The primary component is a yellow G-type giant. It is approximately 170 light years from Earth.
Delta Piscis Austrini is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 13.8 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 24,000 and 35,300 light years from the center of the Galaxy.
Delta Piscis Austrini will come closest to the Sun 2.8 million years from now when it will brighten to magnitude 2.87 from a distance of 83 light years.
Chinese name.
The Chinese name for Delta Piscis Austrini is () meaning "Materials for Making Tents", because this star is marking itself and stand alone in "Materials for Making Tents" asterism, Well mansion (see : Chinese constellation). 天綱 (Tiān Gāng) westernized into Tien Kang, meaning "the Heavenly Rope" in R.H. Allen's work, but the name is for the asterism consisting this star, β PsA and ζ PsA.

</doc>
<doc id="36813076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813076" title="Sly Creek Dam">
Sly Creek Dam

Sly Creek Dam (National ID # CA00272) is a dam in Butte County, California.
The earthen rockfill dam was completed in 1961 by the local public utility, the South Feather Water and Power Agency, formerly known as the Oroville-Wyandotte Irrigation District. The dam stands high and long at its crest. It impounds Lost Creek for irrigation storage and hydroelectric power, along with the smaller Lost Creek Dam immediately downstream. 
The reservoir it creates, Sly Creek Reservoir, has a water surface of and a maximum capacity of . Recreation includes fishing, camping and hiking. The site is surrounded by the Plumas National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="36813092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813092" title="St. Thomas the Apostle Church">
St. Thomas the Apostle Church

St. Thomas the Apostle Church may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36813117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813117" title="Tappenosaurus">
Tappenosaurus

Tappenosaurus ("Tappen's lizard") is an extinct genus of synapsid from the Middle Permian of Texas. American paleontologists Everett C. Olson and James Beerbower described the genus in 1953 based on three specimens that were uncovered from the San Angelo Formation. It was named for Dr. Neil Tappen, who found the type specimen in 1951 as a member of the field party. The first specimen (the holotype) is a fragmentary skeleton including parts of the back of the skull, pieces of teeth and ribs, an axis vertebra, a dorsal vertebra, three neural spines, the ends of both humeri and a partial hip. The second specimen includes cervical vertebrae, a rib, and a scapulocoracoid. The third specimen is only represented by ribs. These bones are larger than comparable parts of the largest skeletons of "Dimetrodon", a closely related and much better known sail-backed synapsid. Olson and Beerbower designated the type species Tappenosaurus magnus in reference to its large size, and also placed it in its own family, Tappenosauridae. Olson later estimated the total length of "Tappenosaurus" to be , comparing it in size with the largest of the dinocephalians, a more advanced group of synapsids that lived later in the Permian.

</doc>
<doc id="36813124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813124" title="William San">
William San

William San (, born 10 October 1975) is a Malaysian actor, radio deejay and host.
San started out as a radio deejay before going into acting and hosting. He has acted in several Singapore-Malaysia co-productions and was nominated for the Best Supporting Actor Award at the 2010 Golden Awards for his role in "Lion.Hearts".

</doc>
<doc id="36813195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813195" title="Jakob Wilhelm Hüber">
Jakob Wilhelm Hüber

Jakob Wilhelm Hüber (Düsseldorf, 1787 – Zurich, 1871) was a German landscape painter of the 19th century. 
While he is described as a faithful pupil of Hackert, He was influential for the painters of the School of Posillipo. He is known for a series of watercolor vedute of Pompeii, painted in 1817 and first published in 1824 by Heinrich Füssli as aquatints, as "Vues pittoresques de Pompéi". Raffaelle Carelli, Achille Vianelli, and Giacinto Gigante were among those who he influenced.

</doc>
<doc id="36813213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813213" title="Paisley, Edmonton">
Paisley, Edmonton

Paisley is a future neighbourhood in southwest Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. Subdivision and development of the neighbourhood will be guided by the Heritage Valley Neighbourhood 12 Neighbourhood Area Structure Plan (NASP) adopted by Edmonton City Council on August 29, 2011. The neighbourhood was officially named in 2012 after Brian Paisley, founder of the Edmonton International Fringe Festival.
Paisely is located within the Heritage Valley area and was the original Heritage Valley Neighbourhood 12 within Heritage Valley Servicing Concept Design Brief (SCDB). 
It is bounded by the future Hays Ridge neighbourhood to the west and northwest across 141 Street SW, the Chappelle neighbourhood to the south across future 28 Avenue SW, the future Heritage Valley Neighbourhood 14 to the east across future Heritage Valley Trail and the future Graydon Hill neighbourhood to the north between Paisley and Ellerslie Road, which is to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="36813246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813246" title="Melati van Agam (1931 film)">
Melati van Agam (1931 film)

Melati van Agam (also written Melatie van Agam; literally Jasmine of Agam) is a 1931 romance film directed by Lie Tek Swie and produced by Tan's Film. Starring A. Rachman, Neng Titi, Oemar, and Bachtiar Effendi, the two-part film follows the young lovers Norma and Idrus. The film, which may be lost, was reportedly a commercial success, but critical reviews were less favourable.
Plot.
Part one.
Norma is known throughout her hometown of Fort de Kock (now Bukittinggi) for her beauty, to the point that she is known as the "Jasmine of Agam". She is in love with a man named Idrus, who is a miner at Sawahlunto. Her parents – descended from nobility – disapprove of the relationship and betroth Norma to Nazzaruddin, a school headmaster who already has four children and is older than Norma's father. Norma is distressed, having previously vowed her eternal love to Idrus, and dreams of having a home with him.
Part two.
After her marriage Norma is taken away to Kota Raja, Aceh (now Banda Aceh), where she must raise Nazzaruddin's children. Their marriage becomes increasingly unhappy, with Nazzaruddin unable to handle his wife's Western education and Norma sinking further into a depression after hearing of Idrus' death. Pregnant, Norma returns to Fort de Kock. After she delivers her child, Nazzaruddin divorces her; he thinks the child resembles Idrus. Eventually Norma commits suicide and is buried next to Idrus. Nazzaruddin sees her spirit take Idrus' in hand as they ascend to heaven together.
Production.
"Melati van Agam" was produced by the ethnic-Chinese owned Tan's Film. It was adapted from a Toneel Melajoe drama written by the reporter Parada Harahap which had proved popular; Tan's earlier work, "Njai Dasima" (1929), had also been an adaptation. However, unlike the earlier production "Melati van Agam" dealt with a then-relatively unknown culture; previous works had dealt with ethnic groups from Java. The Indonesian film historian Misbach Yusa Biran suggests that this may have been caused by the director Lie Tek Swie working with the Sumatran-born reporter Andjar Asmara. The film abandoned the love letters that had formed much of the source material, focusing instead on actions.
"Melati van Agam" starred A. Rachman, Neng Titi, Oemar, and Bachtiar Effendi. Oemar and Rachman had previously acted with the Padangsche Opera, with which Andjar had previously worked. Lie, the director, had previously completed "Nancy Bikin Pembalesan" ("Nancy Takes Revenge"; 1930) for Tan's and was known for his focus on showing attractive landscapes in his work. Cinematography was done by Loepias; the silent film was black and white. The film was completed by mid-1930, and by August of that year an early preview had been shown.
Release.
"Melati van Agam" was released in two parts, with the first premiering on 16 December 1931. Kwee Tek Hoay, writing for "Panorama" magazine, ridiculed the film's "illogical" plot and wrote that "even the stupidest villager could spot the flaws"; he considered Norma's actions more befitting a prostitute than an average woman. Andjar Asmara praised the work in "Doenia Film", especially its acting. The film was a commercial success.
After "Melati van Agam" Lie left Tan's over creative differences. Tan's closed in 1932, after producing several more films, but was reformed in the late 1930s. The Teng Chun produced a remake of "Melati van Agam", with the same title, in 1940.
The film is likely a lost film. The American visual anthropologist Karl G. Heider writes that all Indonesian films from before 1950 are lost. However, JB Kristanto's "Katalog Film Indonesia" ("Indonesian Film Catalogue") records several as having survived at Sinematek Indonesia's archives, and Biran writes that several Japanese propaganda films have survived at the Netherlands Government Information Service.
References.
Footnotes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36813249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813249" title="WFLQ">
WFLQ

WFLQ 100.1 FM is a radio station broadcasting an Country music format. Licensed to French Lick, Indiana, the station is owned by Willtronics Broadcasting. 

</doc>
<doc id="36813276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813276" title="Gaston Bell">
Gaston Bell

George Gaston Bell (September 27, 1877 - December 13, 1963) was an American stage and film actor active over the early decades of the twentieth century.
Early Life and Career.
Bell was born in 1877 at Boston, Massachusetts to George and Elizabeth Bell. His acting career began in 1902 as a member of Charles Frohman’s theatrical organization shortly after his graduation from the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York.
In 1903 Bell toured in Hall Caine’s "The Christian" as Horatio Drake with a troop headed by Lionel Adams and Bianca West. The following year he supported Harry Beresford in Charles T. Vincent’s "Our New Man", and in the spring of 1905 he replaced William Courtenay as Little Billee in "Trilby" at New York’s New Amsterdam Theatre. The next season Bell played one of the three suitors in Clara Lipman’s "Julie Bonbon". and on New Year’s Eve, 1906 he began a long run on Broadway and on the road playing Horace Pettingill in "Brewster's Millions". In 1910 Bell toured with the Columbia Stock Company performing in such plays as Clyde Fitche’s "Girls" as the misanthrope Frank Loot, and the supporting role Bryce Forrester in "Caught in the Rain" by William Collier, Sr. and Grant Stewart. Bell’s last known Broadway performance was in the comedy "Seven Sisters" which ran for 32 performances at the Lyceum Theatre in February and March, 1911 before embarking on its road tour.
Film Career and Later Life.
Bell entered film around 1912 with the Majestic Motion Picture Company, appearing that year in at least two short films, "Opportunity" and "A Warrior Bold". The following year Bell made several short films for Kinemacolor Film Company before joining the Lubin Manufacturing Company to play in films written by playwright Charles Klein. In 1915 he played John Froment II opposite Theda Bara in the William Fox silent film, "Destruction". His last known motion picture was the 1919 film, "The Heart of a Gypsy" by Charles Miller Productions.
By late 1918 Bell was back on the road touring in "The Naughty Wife" by Fred Jackson and the next year with the Max Marcin comedy, "Cheating Cheaters".
Around this time his ten-year marriage to Adelaide (née Cronley) Bell ended in a Reno, Nevada courtroom. Bell later retired to Woodstock, New York to manage an inn, write plays and serve as the first director of the Woodstock Community Players. He died there in December, 1963, aged 86.

</doc>
<doc id="36813277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813277" title="WHZR">
WHZR

WHZR 103.7 FM is a radio station broadcasting an Country music format. Licensed to Royal Center, Indiana, the station serves the areas of Logansport, Indiana and Peru, Indiana, and is owned by Mid-America Radio Group. 

</doc>
<doc id="36813278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813278" title="WZPA-LD">
WZPA-LD

WZPA-LD channel 33 is a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania independent commercial digital low power (LPTV) television station broadcasting on UHF 33 with broadcast range Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and its closer suburbs, part of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania TV market area.
WZPA-LD city of license is Philadelphia, Pennsylvania with transmitter located within Roxborough, Philadelphia antenna farm. WZPA-LD is owned by Mako Communications, LLC of Corpus Christi, Texas since October 2, 2006.
History.
Before the first license was granted the FCC granted numerous construction permits and CP extensions with city of license Camden, New Jersey:
On August 4, 1998 FCC issued new station JF0415DX call signs W33BT and W68CV.
On April 1, 1999 William E. Mattis, Jr. sold construction permit to Mediacasting LLC of Greenville, Delaware.
On March 28, 2000 FCC granted W33BT license for ERP 20.3 kW at .
Between November 6, 2003 and May–August 2004 W33BT was silent.
On April 4, 2005 W33BT granted construction permit for ERP 150 kW channel 33 at with city of license Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
October 31, 2006 WXSI-LP granted modification to locate at .
January 9, 2007 WXSI-LP granted modification.
On April 28, 2005 W33BT call sign changed to WXSI-LP.
On July 20, 2006 WXSI-LP was granted a STA to operate at ERP 1.5 kW, because transmitter broke down and using a replacement.
On October 2, 2006 Mediacasting LLC of Greenville, Delaware sold WXSI-LP to Mako Communications, LLC of Corpus Christi, Texas.
Between December 7, 2006 – January 3, 2007 WXSI-LP went silent after terminated its lease and completion of construction permit at Roxborough, Philadelphia antenna farm.
On February 19, 2007 WXSI-LP call sign changed to WZPA-LP.
Between July 1, 2009 – October 10, 2009 WZPA-LP was silent when lost its network affiliation.
On October 8, 2010 WZPA-LP analog transmission ceased to convert to digital.
About June 18, 2012 WZPA began digital television programming with four 480i virtual channels, while subchannel 33.1 CUBANA without programming.
On June 19, 2012 WZPA added fifth 480i subchannel 33.5 UVM with Azteca America programming.
On June 30, 2012 subchannel 33.1 CUBANA began Cubana de Television programming.
On July 16, 2012 WZPA-LP call sign changed to WZPA-LD.
On October 2, 2012 added sixth 480i subchannel 33.6 PeaceTV with color bars and October 3, 2012 began Peace TV programming.
About February 24, 2013 added seventh 480i subchannel 33.7 UVM with Azteca America programming.
Sometime between February 28, 2013–March 20, 2013 subchannel 33.1 became QVC programming.
Sometime between March 20, 2013–March 28, 2013 subchannel 33.5 became color bars.
In June 2013, WZPA-LD was sold to Landover 5 LLC as part of a larger deal involving 51 other low-power television stations.

</doc>
<doc id="36813281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813281" title="Mantidactylus bellyi">
Mantidactylus bellyi

Mantidactylus bellyi is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family. The species is endemic to Madagascar.

</doc>
<doc id="36813309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813309" title="Mantidactylus bourgati">
Mantidactylus bourgati

Mantidactylus bourgati is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family. The species is endemic to Madagascar.

</doc>
<doc id="36813329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813329" title="Mantidactylus cowanii">
Mantidactylus cowanii

Mantidactylus cowanii is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family. The species is endemic to Madagascar.

</doc>
<doc id="36813332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813332" title="Marie Victoire">
Marie Victoire

Marie Victoire (1913, premiere 2004) is a French-language opera by the composer Ottorino Respighi to a libretto by Edmond Guiraud (fr.wp, 1877–1961) based on his French-language play of the same name, set in the French Revolution.
It was premiered in late January and early February 2004 at the Teatro dell'Opera in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="36813345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813345" title="Mantidactylus delormei">
Mantidactylus delormei

Mantidactylus delormei is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family. The species is endemic to Madagascar.

</doc>
<doc id="36813359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813359" title="Barrington Tops State Conservation Area">
Barrington Tops State Conservation Area

Barrington Tops State Conservation Area is natural area in the Barrington Tops region of eastern Australia. It was previously known as the Polblue and Barrington Tops Crown Reserves. The park was created in January 2003. It covers an area of 8,446 hectares. Unlike the adjacent national park mining is allowed in a State Conservation Area. Zircon, sapphire and rubies were formed from the nearby Barrington Volcano in the Eocene epoch.

</doc>
<doc id="36813366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813366" title="Anomie (Stephen Simmonds album)">
Anomie (Stephen Simmonds album)

Anomie is the fourth album of Swedish singer Stephen Simmonds.

</doc>
<doc id="36813368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813368" title="Lydia Folger Fowler">
Lydia Folger Fowler

Lydia Folger Fowler (May 5, 1822, Nantucket, Massachusetts – January 26, 1879, London) was a pioneering American physician (only the second woman in America to earn a medical degree), professor of medicine, and activist.
Biography.
Lydia Folger was born in Nantucket, Massachusetts, in 1822, to Gideon and Eunice Macy Folger, a historic Massachusetts family descended from Peter Folger, 1618–1690, and Benjamin Franklin. (Other famous members of her family included her cousins Lucretia Mott and Maria Mitchell.) Folger married Lorenzo Niles Fowler, a phrenologist, on September 19, 1844, after meeting him at the house of Walter Folger, an "eccentric and famous astronomer-navigator on Nantucket". The couple had three daughters. Two daughters, Amelia (b. 1846) and Lydia (b. 1850), died young; the third daughter, Jessie Allen Fowler (b. 1856 or 1860), was born in 1860 and was, like her father, also a phrenologist. Like his brother, Orson Squire Fowler, Lorenzo Fowler was a well-known phrenologist; the "New York Times" noted in his obituary that "Prof. Fowler examined the heads of many distinguished men, among them Charles Dickens, Edgar Allan Poe, William Cullen Bryant, Baron Rothschild, Li Hung Chang, and Sir Henry Irving."
Folger attended the Wheaton Female Seminary (Massachusetts) at 16 years, and began teaching there in 1842 at the age of 20. After establishing a lecturing and writing career, she began medical school and earned an M.D. from Central Medical College in New York in 1850, one of eight women entering the first coed medical school in the country; fellow students included Myra King Merrick and Sarah Adamson Dolley. At the time, the eclectic medical school was the only school to offer admission to women; eclectic medicine became popular with those seeking to avoid the harsher methods of then-current professional medicine, such as bloodletting.
Lydia Folger Fowler graduated as only the second woman in America to earn a medical degree, following Elizabeth Blackwell in 1849. Fowler was in fact the first American-born woman to earn a medical degree, and also the first woman to appear before a male medical society. She practiced medicine in New York from 1852 to 1860, and later joined the faculty of Rochester Eclectic Medical College, becoming the first woman professor in a professional American medical school.
Folger was active in women's rights organizations, and participated in the Seneca Falls Convention and presided over the Women's Grand Temperance Demonstration in Metropolitan Hall. Elizabeth Cady Stanton later dedicated "The History of Woman Suffrage" (1881) to Folger. Fowler also frequently lectured to audiences, primarily women, on matters of hygiene and health. The "New York Tribune" in 1855 described one of Fowler's lectures, to a P.T. Barnum-sponsored program on motherhood: 
The Fowlers moved to London in 1863, and Fowler became active in the British Women's Temperance Society, as well as continuing her work practicing medicine and teaching women about health, education, and parenting. Fowler became ill in late 1878 and died on January 26, 1879. Fowler is borrowed at Highgate Cemetery in London (Plot 23701).

</doc>
<doc id="36813369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813369" title="Mantidactylus noralottae">
Mantidactylus noralottae

Mantidactylus noralottae is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family. The species is endemic to Madagascar.

</doc>
<doc id="36813386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813386" title="BRP Nicolas Mahusay (PG-116)">
BRP Nicolas Mahusay (PG-116)

BRP "Nicolas Mahusay" (PG-116) is a "Tomas Batillo" class fast attack craft of the Philippine Navy. It was transferred by the South Korean government in 1998. It was initially acquired as a spare parts hulk, but the need for additional ships led to its commissioning with the Philippine Navy on 2 July 1998.
It was upgraded under the Patrol Killer Medium-Republic of the Philippines (PKM-RP) Program of 2006 by Propmech Corp., the program includes the reinforcement of its hull, replacing the engines, radar, navigation and communication systems, and changing the weapons fit-out to include crane and space for rigid hull inflatable boat. The upgrades were completed in 2008.
The ship received the Philippine Navy Plaque of Merit on 2009, being adjudged as the patrol gunboat of the year.
Technical Details.
The ship was originally powered by 2 MTU MD 16V 538 TB90 diesel engines with total output of 6,000 horsepower. From 2007, Propmech was contracted to replace the old engines with new Caterpillar 3516C diesel engines with a total output of 6,300 horsepower.
The ship is equipped with a Koden Electronics MDC 1500 Series navigation and surface search radar, which replaced the previously installed radar during the refurbishing works in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36813389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813389" title="WQKZ">
WQKZ

WQKZ 98.5 FM is a radio station broadcasting an Country music format. Licensed to Ferdinand, Indiana, the station serves the areas of Jasper, Indiana and Tell City, Indiana, and is owned by Jasper on the Air, Inc. 

</doc>
<doc id="36813401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813401" title="Takesha Meshé Kizart">
Takesha Meshé Kizart

Takesha Meshé Kizart (born Chicago, 1982) is an American operatic soprano. She is grand-niece of Muddy Waters on her mother’s side and a distant relative of Tina Turner.

</doc>
<doc id="36813441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813441" title="WTHD">
WTHD

WTHD 105.5 FM is a radio station broadcasting an Country music format. Licensed to LaGrange, Indiana, the station serves the areas of Sturgis, Michigan and Kendallville, Indiana, and is owned by Swick Broadcasting Company, Inc.
The current WTHD airstaff consists of morning show host Chuck Rowe (6 am to 10 am) and News Director, Tim Murray.

</doc>
<doc id="36813475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813475" title="Prawn">
Prawn

Prawn is a common name, used particularly in Britain and Commonwealth nations, for large swimming crustaceans or shrimp, especially those with commercial significance in the seafood industry. Shrimp that fall in this category often belong to the suborder Dendrobranchiata. In North America, the term is used less frequently, typically for freshwater shrimp.
In the United Kingdom "prawn" is more common on menus than "shrimp", while the opposite is the case in the United States. The term "prawn" also loosely describes any large shrimp, especially those that come 15 (or fewer) to the pound (such as "king prawns" or "jumbo shrimp").
Shrimp versus prawn.
"Shrimp" and "prawn" are common names without the formal definition that scientific terms provide. They are terms of convenience with little circumscriptional significance, and do not represent actual taxa. 
According to the crustacean taxonomist Tin-Yam Chan, "The terms "shrimp" and "prawn" have no definite reference to any known taxonomic groups. Although the term "shrimp" is sometimes applied to smaller species, while "prawn" is more often used for larger forms, there is no clear distinction between both terms and their usage is often confused or even reverse in different countries or regions."
A lot of confusion surrounds the scope of the term "shrimp". Part of the confusion originates with the association of smallness. That creates problems with shrimp-like species that are not small. The expression "jumbo shrimp" can be viewed as an oxymoron, a problem that does not exist with the commercial designation "jumbo prawns".
The term "shrimp" originated around the 14th century with the Middle English ', akin to the Middle Low German ', and meaning to contract or wrinkle; and the Old Norse "", meaning to shrivel up. It is not clear where the term "prawn" originated, but early forms of the word surfaced in England in the early 15th century as "prayne, praine" and "prane". According to the linguist Anatoly Liberman it is unclear how "shrimp", in English, came to be associated with "small". "No Germanic language associates the shrimp with its size... The same holds for Romance... it remains unclear in what circumstances the name was applied to the crustacean."
Regional distinctions.
Britain.
The terms "shrimp" and "prawn" originated in Great Britain. Shrimp is applied to smaller species, particularly species that are dorsoventrally depressed (wider than deep) with a shorter rostrum. It is the only term used for species in the family Crangonidae, such as the common shrimp or brown shrimp, "Crangon crangon". Prawn is never applied to very small species. It is applied to most of the larger forms, particularly species that are laterally compressed (deeper than wide) and have a long rostrum. However, the terms are not used consistently. For example, some authors refer to "Pandalus montagui" as an Aesop shrimp while others refer to it as an Aesop prawn.
Commonwealth.
British Commonwealth countries tend to follow British usage. There are some exceptions in Australia where some authors refer to small species of Palaemonidae as prawns and call Alpheidae pistol shrimp. Other Australian authors have given the name banded coral shrimp to the prawn-like "Stenopus hispidus" and listed "the Processidae and Atyidae as shrimps, the Hippolytidae, Alpheidae, Pandalidae and Campylonotoidea as prawns". New Zealand broadly follows British usage. A rule of thumb given by some New Zealand authors states; "In common usage, "shrimp" are small, some three inches or less in length, taken for food by netting, usually from shallow water. "Prawn" are larger, up to twelve inches long, taken by trapping and trawling." South Africa and the former British colonies in Asia also seem to generally follow British usage.
United States.
In the United States the term "shrimp" is used for almost all species. "Prawn" is less commonly used. Shrimp is the more general term, both in Britain and in North America, but most particularly in the United States. In the United States, the term prawn applies especially to larger shrimps and those that live in freshwater.

</doc>
<doc id="36813500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813500" title="WTRE (AM)">
WTRE (AM)

WTRE 1330 AM is a radio station broadcasting an Country music format. Licensed to Greensburg, Indiana, the station is owned by WTRE, Inc. 

</doc>
<doc id="36813507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813507" title="Anomie (disambiguation)">
Anomie (disambiguation)

Anomie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36813524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813524" title="Mattson, Edmonton">
Mattson, Edmonton

Mattson is a future neighbourhood in southeast Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. The neighbourhood was officially named in July 2012 after Norman Mattson, a prominent land surveyor in Alberta.
Mattson is located within the Southeast Edmonton area and was the original Southeast Neighbourhood 3 within the Southeast Area Structure Plan (ASP).
It is bounded by The Orchards at Ellerslie and Ellerslie Neighbourhood 4 across 66 Street SW to the west, the Walker neighbourhood across future 25 Avenue SW to the north, 50 Street to the east, and Leduc County across 41 Avenue SW to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="36813545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813545" title="Ben Webster at the Renaissance">
Ben Webster at the Renaissance

Ben Webster at the Renaissance is a live album by American jazz saxophonist Ben Webster featuring tracks recorded in California in 1960 and released on the Contemporary label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars with its review by Sott Yanow stating "the music is consistently wonderful... Webster (who was then somewhat taken for granted) is in superior and creative form. Recommended". 

</doc>
<doc id="36813555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813555" title="WXKU-FM">
WXKU-FM

WXKU 92.7 FM is a radio station broadcasting an Country music format. Licensed to Austin, Indiana, the station serves the areas of Seymour, Indiana, Scottsburg, Indiana, and North Vernon, Indiana, and is owned by BK Media, LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="36813567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813567" title="Epsilon Piscis Austrini">
Epsilon Piscis Austrini

Epsilon Piscis Austrini (Epsilon PsA, ε Piscis Austrini, ε PsA) is a blue B-type main sequence star with an apparent magnitude of +4.18. It is approximately 744 light years from Earth.
Epsilon Piscis Austrini is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 18.7 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 23,900 and 28,100 light years from the center of the Galaxy.
Naming.
In Chinese, (), meaning "Palace Guard", refers to an asterism consisting of ε Piscis Austrini, 29 Aquarii, 35 Aquarii, 41 Aquarii, 47 Aquarii, 49 Aquarii, λ Piscis Austrini, HD 212448, 21 Piscis Austrini, 20 Piscis Austrini, υ Aquarii, 68 Aquarii, 66 Aquarii, 61 Aquarii, 53 Aquarii, 50 Aquarii, 56 Aquarii, 45 Aquarii, 58 Aquarii, 64 Aquarii, 65 Aquarii, 70 Aquarii, 74 Aquarii, τ2 Aquarii, τ1 Aquarii, δ Aquarii, 77 Aquarii, 88 Aquarii, 89 Aquarii, 86 Aquarii, 101 Aquarii, 100 Aquarii, 99 Aquarii, 98 Aquarii, 97 Aquarii, 94 Aquarii, ψ3Aquarii, ψ2Aquarii, ψ1Aquarii, 87 Aquarii, 85 Aquarii, 83 Aquarii, χ Aquarii, ω1 Aquarii and ω2 Aquarii. Consequently, ε Piscis Austrini itself is known as (, .)

</doc>
<doc id="36813574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813574" title="Tommy Newberry">
Tommy Newberry

Tommy Newberry is a New York Times and Wall Street Journal bestselling author of "The 4:8 Principle". Newberry is the president of The 1% Club, which was developed to assist entrepreneurs and their families in business leadership. In addition to "The 4:8 Principle", Newberry has authored "Success is Not an Accident, 366 Days of Wisdom, Inspiration," and "The War on Success". Newberry is also an active motivational speaker.

</doc>
<doc id="36813596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813596" title="Onar (rapper)">
Onar (rapper)

Marcin Donesz (born December 19, 1982), better known by his stage name Onar, is a Polish rapper. He began rapping and producing in his teen years with the underground group TJK which culminated in opening for Run–D.M.C. during the Rap Day '97 concert in Warsaw. TJK fell apart shortly after, and Onar proceeded to form Płomień 81 with Pezet. As of then, Onar has recorded several solo albums.

</doc>
<doc id="36813617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813617" title="Nguyen Duc Kien">
Nguyen Duc Kien

Nguyen Duc Kien (born 1964) is a Vietnamese businessman and owner and chairman of the Hanoi ACB football club. In addition he is deputy chairman of the Vietnam Professional Football company (VPF) that now oversees Vietnam’s V-League and First Division football. In 2011 Kien was named "businessman of the year" by an Vietnamese economic newspaper, "Doanh Nhân".
Biography.
He was born and grew up on the outskirts of Hanoi. He attended the Vietnamese University of Military Technology. and then did advanced studies at the Zalka Máté Military Technology College ("Zalka Máté Kollégium") in Budapest, Hungary and then went to work for eight years at a state-run textile firm. In the 1990s he co-founded the Asia Commercial Joint Stock Bank (ACB), now one of the largest commercial joint stock banks in Vietnam, although he retains less than a 5% interest in the bank. Among his holding are interests in Sacombank, Eximbank, VietBank, the Kien Long Commercial Joint Stock Bank and the Vietnam Export-Import Commercial Joint Stock Bank. His family is the fifth richest in Vietnam, with his personal fortune estimated at over $90 million US dollars. Kien's primary residence in Hanoi is a three-storey, 500 square meter villa, located on Xuan Dieu Street, Quang An ward, in Tay Ho (West Lake) district.
In 2011 Kien was embroiled in controversy when he led the charge to pull clubs out of the Vietnamese football V-League.
On 20 August 2012 Kien was arrested in Hanoi for "economic violations". Kien's arrest was followed by that of Ly Xuan Hai, who had just resigned his position as director general of ACB Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="36813622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813622" title="National Litigation Policy">
National Litigation Policy

National Litigation Policy is formulated by the Ministry of Law and Justice of the Government of India to bring down the litigation from government agencies by making them more responsible in filing cases.
Background.
The litigation process is lengthy and time consuming in India. 2.5 crore cases were pending at various levels of judiciary across the country.
THE VISION/MISSION
1. The National Litigation Policy is based on the recognition that Government and its various agencies are the pre-dominant litigants in courts and Tribunals in the country. Its aim is to transform Government into an Efficient and Responsible litigant. This policy is also based on the recognition that it is the responsibility of the Government to protect the rights of citizens, to respect fundamental rights and those in charge of the conduct of Government litigation should never forget this basic principle.
“EFFICIENT LITIGANT” MEANS
“RESPONSIBLE LITIGANT” MEANS
2. Government must cease to be a compulsive litigant. The philosophy that matters should be left to the courts for ultimate decision has to be discarded. The easy approach, “Let the court decide,” must be eschewed and condemned.
3. The purpose underlying this policy is also to reduce Government litigation in courts so that valuable court time would be spent in resolving other pending cases so as to achieve the Goal in the National Legal Mission to reduce average pendency time from 15 years to 3 years. Litigators on behalf of Government have to keep in mind the principles incorporated in the National mission for judicial reforms which includes identifying bottlenecks which the Government and its agencies may be concerned with and also removing unnecessary Government cases. Prioritisation in litigation has to be achieved with particular emphasis on welfare legislation, social reform, weaker sections and senior citizens and other categories requiring assistance must be given utmost priority.
Salient features.
The salient features of the policy are

</doc>
<doc id="36813626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813626" title="WYGB">
WYGB

WYGB 100.3 FM is a radio station broadcasting an Country music format. Licensed to Edinburgh, Indiana, the station serves the areas of Columbus, Indiana, Scottsburg, Indiana, and Shelbyville, Indiana, and is owned by Reising Radio Partners, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="36813644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813644" title="Makhmoor Saeedi">
Makhmoor Saeedi

Makhmoor Saeedi (31 December 1938-2 March 2010) (Urdu: مخمور سعیدی) was an Urdu poet, writer, translator and journalist from Tonk, Rajasthan, India.
Biography.
Makhmoor Saeedi was born on 31 December 1938 in Tonk, India. His father, Ahmed Khan Nazish was also an Urdu poet of repute. After completing his school-studies he graduated from Agra University. After graduation he moved to Delhi. 
From 1956 to 1979, he worked as Joint Editor of Monthly "Tahreek", published by Gopal Mittal. Thereafter, he edited "Nigar", "Aiwan e Urdu" and "Umang", and was also the Secretary of Urdu Akademi, Delhi. He joined National Council for Promotion of Urdu Language, an autonomous body under the HRD ministry in 1998 as literary advisor and edited research journal quarterly "Fikr o Tahqeeq". He was also honorary editor of NCPUL's news and views magazine monthly Urdu Duniya".He died in Jaipur, Rajasthan, on 2 March 2010 and was buried in Tonk.
Literary life.
Makhmoor Saeedi wrote his first poem in 1948 when he was ten years old. He soon mastered the technique of writing Urdu poetry and excelled at writing Ghazals and Nazms in the conventional rhymed formats as well as in unrhymed blank and free-verse. He was greatly influenced by Mohammad Iqbal, Akhtar Sheerani and Josh Malihabadi. He is consider one of the preeminent practitioners of modern poetry in Urdu alongside Basheer Badr, Ali Sardar Jafri and Kaifi Azmi.
He was the poet of real earthy love and beauty who also wrote qataas, rubais, geets and dohas. His twenty publications include "Sabrang", "Seah bar Safed", "Awaz ke jism", "Wahid Mutakallam", "Aate jaate lamhon ki sadaa", "Guftani", "Deewar o dar ke darmiaan" and "Rasta aur main". 
"Rasta aur main" earned him the 2007 Sahitya Akademi Award.
An appraisal of his life and works compiled by Sheen Kaaf Nizam titled "Bheed mein akelaa" was published by the Rajasthan Urdu Akademi in 2007.
Bibliography.
Urdu poetry:

</doc>
<doc id="36813666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813666" title="Ministry of Law">
Ministry of Law

Ministry of Law may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36813684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813684" title="Zeta Piscis Austrini">
Zeta Piscis Austrini

Zeta Piscis Austrini (Zeta PsA, ζ Piscis Austrini, ζ PsA) is an orange K-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +6.43. It may be a variable star. It is approximately 399 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="36813717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813717" title="Silver age (disambiguation)">
Silver age (disambiguation)

Silver age may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36813758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813758" title="C. turricula">
C. turricula

C. turricula may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36813767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813767" title="Émile Bescherelle">
Émile Bescherelle

Émile Bescherelle (3 January 1828, Paris – 26 February 1903) was a French botanist and bryologist.
Bescherelle is known for his analysis of bryological species from diverse locations that included the French West Indies, the Mascarene Islands, Paraguay, New Caledonia, et al. In 1882 with phycologist Paul Auguste Hariot (1854–1917), he took part in a scientific expedition to Cape Horn.
The genus "Bescherellia" is named in his honour by Jean Étienne Duby (1798-1885).
Written works.
In addition, he was a collaborator towards Narcisse Théophile Patouillard's publication of "Catalogue raisonné des plantes cellulaires de la Tunisie".

</doc>
<doc id="36813769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813769" title="Andrew Sayer">
Andrew Sayer

R. Andrew Sayer (born 1949) is Professor of Social Theory and Political Economy at Lancaster University, UK. He is known for significant contributions to methodology and theory in the social sciences.
Background.
Sayer studied a BA in Geography at the Cambridgeshire College of Arts and Technology (now Anglia Ruskin University) in the late 1960s, and then did an MA and D.Phil. in Urban and Regional Studies at Sussex University in the early 1970s. He was lecturer in the School of Social Sciences at Sussex until he moved to a lectureship at Lancaster University in 1993. Although strongly affiliated with sociology, he has affinities with other disciplines, particularly human geography and urban and regional studies, and defines himself as 'post-disciplinary'.
Scholarship.
Sayer's early work was on radical understandings of uneven development in Western societies, and urban and regional change. His book with Kevin Morgan, "Microcircuits of Capital" (1988), was one result. He reworked aspects of political economy and Marxist thought at a time when authors like Anthony Giddens were also redefining explanations of political and economic change ("Radical Political Economy: A Critique", 1995). In the late 1990s he incorporated a cultural understanding of political-economic change, building on Pierre Bourdieu's work on economic and cultural capital. "The Moral Significance of Class" (2005) analyses the ethical aspects of people's experience of class inequalities: how people value one another and themselves. People can be in denial about the existence of class in modern society, even though it influences their livelihoods and careers. The moral economy and its links to political economy form his current interest ("Why Things Matter to People: Social Science, Values and Ethical Life", 2011), and future work is planned on the moral economy and the super-rich. 
Sayer is perhaps best known for his effort to recast the philosophy and methodology of the social sciences, developing critical realism as a philosophy of and for the social sciences ("Method in Social Science", 1984, and "Realism and Social Science", 2000). Critical realism argues for "theoretically informed concrete research". "Method in Social Science" has been cited over 2800 times as of August 2012. Debates about Sayer's approach have been extensive, particularly his view that empirical modelling techniques in the social sciences cannot show real causal relationships, and his dissatisfaction with social constructionism and postmodernism.
Awards.
Honorary Doctorate, Lund University, 2009

</doc>
<doc id="36813771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813771" title="St Michael and All Angels Church, Polwatte">
St Michael and All Angels Church, Polwatte

St Michael and All Angels Church, Polwatte was dedicated on the 29th of September 1887 and is a landmark in Kollupitiya, a suburb of Colombo, the commercial capital of Sri Lanka. A magnificent building of stone, mortar and wood, it stands as a testimony to its rich history of prayer, worship and mission.
St. Michael's is a vibrant and growing Anglican Church of the Diocese of Colombo, Church of Ceylon. It plays an essential role in providing worship and spiritual guidance and also reaches out to the local community making a difference in their lives. Worship services are held in English, Sinhala and Tamil.
The 125th anniversary of the Church will be celebrated in the year 2012.
External links.
church website

</doc>
<doc id="36813773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813773" title="Amaresh Misra">
Amaresh Misra

Amaresh Misra is an Indian writer, author and historian. He is convener of the "Anti Communal Front" in Uttar Pradesh state for Indian National Congress.
During his college years, Misra was a student leader of the radical Left CPI-ML (Liberation) party in Allahabad University. He co-wrote the script for the movie "Bullet Raja".
Amaresh Misra is a proponent of several conspiracy theories. He has claimed that the 2008 Mumbai attacks were organized jointly by the CIA, Mossad and RSS. According to him, the Intelligence Bureau was behind the killing of the Mumbai Police's Anti-Terrorist Squad chief Hemant Karkare. He has also blamed BJP and RSS for the 2012 Assam violence, and MNS for the Azad Maidan riots. In 2014, Misra was arrested by Lucknow police from Gurgaon, for threatening to kill Narendra Modi and posting inflammatory comments against RSS on social media sites.
Awards.
The Urdu Press Club of India awarded Amaresh with the "Jasarat Award" in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36813784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813784" title="NGC 3357">
NGC 3357

NGC 3357 is an elliptical galaxy located in the constellation of Leo. It has a declination of +14 ° 05 '04 "and a right ascension of 10 hours, 44 minutes and 20.9 seconds.
The galaxy was discovered on April 5th, 1864 by German astronomer Albert Marth.

</doc>
<doc id="36813785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813785" title="Periods of stagflation in Pakistan">
Periods of stagflation in Pakistan

The Periods of Stagflation (or also attribute as Stagflation in Pakistan, Pakistan Stagflation or Inflation and unemployment in Pakistan), is a generic on-going period of economic, political and social stagflation in the economic context, which had been affecting the national economic growth of Pakistan in its successive decades of its history.
The first period of stagflation began in 1970s after the disastrous succession of East-Pakistan, followed by the conceding the defeat at the hands of arch-rival, India in December 1971. Although, the government of Zulfikar Ali Bhutto made attempt to end this period, it was subsequently ended by the military government of Zia-ul-Haq in the 1980s. The ending of Soviet engagement in Afghanistan and the offing U.S. aid renewed the second period of stagflation in the 1990s. During this time, both Benazir Bhutto and Navaz Sharif attempted to tackle the stagflation, with Navaz Sharif first implementing economic liberalization and privatization at once, in the 1990s. The second period was subsequently ended by Shaukat Aziz who implemented much tougher taxation, monetary and financial development policies in the 2000s. Widely appreciating Aziz's reforms, the third period again return after the 2008 elections and the wide spread of militancy in the Western Pakistan, which would later followed the global finance crises. Pakistan's leading economists, specialists, technicians, and financial scholars are uncertain what causes the stagflation in the country in the first place, and many attribute this period to several factors that may have cause the stagflation including the state's role in war on terror, corruption, tough monetary policies and several other factors.
Yousaf Raza Gillani (Office: Prime Minister of Pakistan from 2008-2012), is posthumously held responsible for doing too little to improve the economic situation. The leading financial critics points out that Gillani's government carried out no major economic reforms to harness the economic development and the few proposed reforms a and policy measure programmes were either very modest or collapse due to financial crises or opposition from his party's leadership.
Historical analysis.
First period of stagflation.
Yasmeen Niaz Mohiuddin, the author of "Pakistan: A Global Studies Handbook", points out that East-Pakistan had provided employment and market of ~50% of West Pakistan's goods and materials before the 1970s. The war with India had shattered the economy; the captive markets, employments, and industrial attraction in East Pakistan was lost, and the industrial production in the country came to halt. Bhutto's government faced with many difficult problems experienced by Pakistan's economy including the low productivity combined with a high rate of monetary in circulation. As response to this, Bhutto devalued the national currency and announced the new labour policy at an instance. The first attempt was to establish the Command and control economy to revitalize the stagnant economy and introduced he nationalization programme which nationalized the entire private industrial corporations under the government-ownership management which was devolved into a substantial state-sector. Bhutto cancelled the planned economic system and focused on intensifying the government control of private business industries. Zulfikar Ali Bhutto's government replaced the economic planning and the institutionalized competence by appointing highly qualified personnel who took the ad hoc approach to planning the new economic system. The recommendation of the Planning Commission were bypassed and the economic planning became more politicized after 1974.
The Nationalization programme brought a bad juncture and severe the reputation of Pakistan Peoples Party. The heavy mechanical industries were insufficiently overstaffed and failed to produce the effective productivity, with accumulated loss of ₨.254 million. According to the studies of Mohiuddin, the mechanical and machine building industries had employed surplus workers by PPP for various political reasons, which led the sharp decrease in productivity and increase in dead weight losses. However, not every thing was stagflated, some industrial corporation, particularly in cement, petroluem, and fertilizers made profits, others endured with heavy losses. By the end of 1977, Bhutto's economic policy measure programme produced an inevitable huge losses; high budget deficits; high unemployment and fall of GDP growth rate; and an excess of high government expenditures over revenues and inflation.
Bhutto had won the popularity on economic and social justice, but studies shows that income distribution had worsened under his government. Mohiuddin pointed out that the Gini coefficient was increased by nearly ~22.0% in rural areas and ~10.0% in urban areas. The Gini coefficient was increased from 0.231 in 1972 to ~0.263—0.355 in 1979-80 in the country. The inflation and unemployment increased to 16.0% in the 1970s in contrast to 5.0% in the 1960s. The controversial and poorly studied financial policies and political resentment led the dismissal of Zulfikar Ali Bhutto in 1977 and was subsequent executed in 1979.
Economic performance and structural response.
Second period of stagflation.
The first period was generally ended when Zia-ul-Haq introduced the Economic Islamization programme and market corporatization, with large financial foreign aid offered by the United States and the direct investment by the Soviet Union in the 1980s. However, after assassination of Zia-ul-Haq in 1988 and followed by the Soviet depart from the Afghanistan in 1989. Zia's programmes were dismantled by the upcoming Prime minister Benazir Bhutto who would shift to Planned economy. With Soviet disengagement and the United States offing its interest in Pakistan, which led an economic embargo in 1990, led to a deterioration of economy. Benazir Bhutto put forward the Seventh economic plans to boost the economic growth in the country. But, according to William Milam, author of the book ""Pakistan and Bangladesh: Flirting with Failure in South Asia"", claims that the Seventh and Eighth plan was doomed to meet with failure because of the "structural and institutionalize failure" that they would have to address if they were to have chance to restore the economic growth to the levels of the 1980s. In 1989, the population of Pakistan fell under the line of poverty that was rose by 10%; and by 1990, it increased to 20%. Benazir Bhutto's first government failed to make any reforms in the country and the policies that were implemented were either weak and incoherent.
As an aftermath of the 1990 general elections, the right-wing conservatives under the leadership of Nawaz Sharif came to the power for the first time in the history of Pakistan. Nawaz Sharif strike the stagflation with full force after forcefully implementing the Privatization and economic liberalization programmes. The stagflation was temporarily ended in the country. However, Sharif's programmes were widely criticized by Pakistan Peoples Party in state media and the growth did not contain the sustainability. The privatization programme under the economic liberalisation programme came with largely surrounded controversies and reckless by Nawaz Sharif to implement his programme. According to the Pakistan Peoples Party, Nawaz Sharif's government arbitrarily fixing the reference prices of the (privatized) state units and ignoring those suggested by the evaluations; though, Sartaj Aziz strongly dismissed the claims.
In an article, ""The curse of stagflation"", Aziz posthumously blamed the second government of Pakistan Peoples Party, and pointed out the failure of the planned economic system of Benazir Bhutto. In the Eighth Plan, Benazir Bhutto, assisted by her financial advisers at the Finance ministry set target to achieve 6.9% for the GDP growth by 1995, but eventually the GDP Growth rate lowered to 5.3% and ended up at 4.30%. The stagflation generally affected the industrial growth target which was aimed to achieve 7%, but "suffered a serious shortfall in its productivity and instead the industrial growth ends up at the 5.0%, with many industrial firms and factories were forced to closed down, adding to the ranks of the unemployed." The country's stock markets saw the sharpest fall in the history of the country, and its value of shares falls to 40.0%, with total loss of ₨.170 billion to national and foreign investors. Constant economic pressure and failure of the planned economy led the dismissal from power of Benazir Bhutto in 1996 when she failed to materialize her and the relatively poor economic growth. By the 1996, the economic GDP growth had reached to 1.70% (lowest growth since 1970) and the rate of inflation had risen to 10.79% (highest since 1991).
After returning to power with heavy margins, Nawaz Sharif made several attempts to end the stagflation in the country. Overall, the conditions had been worsened and a year after being elected, Sharif ordered the nuclear tests in a response to India's nuclear aggression. Despite the Asian financial crises in 1997 and Russian financial crises in 1998, and amid economic sanctions in the wake of nuclear tests, the foreign exchange increased to $1.5 billion, the stock market improved and inflation was contained at 3.5% as opposed to 7% in 1993-96. Sharif's second government restored the GDP growth to 3.49% in 1997, tough inflation remains high at 11.80%. Little progress was made by Sharif in 1998, and his reforms only leveled up the GDP growth to 4.19%, while retaining the inflation and unemployment at 7.8%.
However, Sharif's reform suffered a major set back in 1999 when the country began militarily involved with India in two occasions, which led the dismissal of his government in 1999. By the time Sharif was dismissed the GDP remains at ~3.19%, though the unemployment and inflation rate decreases down to 2%, and was at 5.74%.
Reassessment and development.
Policies and enforcement.
In 1999, Sharif was dismissed in a military coup d'état led by chairman joint chiefs general Pervez Musharraf and without wasting any time, the new military government brought a role of Shaukat Aziz. At the very beginning the economic slowdown and crises was acknowledge by the new government and Musharraf installed another system known as "Broad-based strategy." The military government wanted a quick economic turnaround and for that purpose, Aziz was brought up to national politics. The Planned economic system was disbanded by Aziz and replaced with a new system known as "Medium Term Development Framework" in 1999.
There was a ~70% declining in the national economy with the loss of $150 million (1999) to $600 million (2000), which constituted 0.21% of FDI global flow. Aziz took initiatives for Foreign direct investment (FDI) offering incentives to foreign investors with his macroeconomic policies, taxation framework and a consistent investment policy. The implementation and enforcement of Economic liberalisation and Privatization programmes led the boom the economy, which subsequently ended the stagflation era, and for the first time since 1984, the GDP growth had reached to 9.0%— one of the highest in the world.
Economic decay and responsive measures.
Third era of stagflation.
The economic performance and growth dramatically decayed after the 2008 general elections and the wide spread militancy in Western Pakistan. President Pervez Musharraf was forced to step down by a collective leadership led by Yousaf Raza Gillani and Asfandiar Vali. To counter Musharraf's legitimacy, Gillani and his collective leadership developed the idea to uplift suspension and restore the Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry as country's chief justice. Musharraf's dismissal led the establishment of more socialist and leftist (although nationalist as well) (soviet oriented) collective leadership-style government; the share of the government was distributed in among the leadership of MQM, ANP, JUI and PML(Q). The new politically dominated collective leadership government led by Prime minister Yousaf Raza Gillani had first struggle to appoint capable finance ministers, and dramatically ousted two Finance ministers of the country. Temporarily, the charge of restoration of the national economy was given to Hina Rabbani Khar who made partial success on presenting the federal budget. During the global economic crises, growth in Pakistan halted the abruptly and stalled for a longer period than any other states in the South Asia, causing the economy first becoming stagnant. Under the presiding rule of Gillani, the state currency value of the Rupee (₨.) crashed from 60-1 USD to 80-1 USD in only a month, the prices of commodities soared through the roof, the number of people living below poverty line increased from 60 million to 77 million. The country's working class (which dominated the population of the country) became virtually deprived from basic necessities and natural resources, notably the food, water and electricity.
According to the Gulf News, the stagflation hits the poor and working class very hard, they key voter of the ruling party, Pakistan Peoples Party. The nationwide floods wiped out the 20% of the economic infrastructure in the country and the economic development initiated by private sector was curbed to ~2.5%, resulting the billion dollar worth of loss of private sector. In a less intensified nationalization programme, there was a massive hiring of unskilled and less-trained working class labour, on a political basis, which slowed down the technological productivity and halted the overall social, political, economical growth. Experts views this problem as this problem also reduced the Gillani's government ability to earn adequate revenues foreign exchange, keeping fiscal and external balances perpetually under pressure.
According to , the inflation rate of prices of goods and services in an economy rise over a period of time. This is due to economic mismanagement of highest order, notably at the government which was presided by Gillani. The Shaukat Aziz era, which had begun with high growth, inherited the government to Yousaf Raza Gillani, began to stagnant and stagflated in 2008. In 2012, just months before being ousted by Supreme Court, Gillani presented the last of five federal budget which Gillani admitted the country's economy was facing the period of stagflation. The fifth budget is an attempt to counter the stagflation by enhancing the salaries of the government and party officials and members; but the rising inflation has already eroded the incomes more than they are likely to get. The experts believes that the government is not in any position to give any relief to the masses, as the government is s facing multifaceted crisis.
Reasoning and causes.
Reasoning with the stagflation, the "Pakistan Today" wrote that the Gilani's government "had upset the balance Private and Public sector, when the government resorts to massive employment in the public sector on political basis, badly affecting its profitability." The "Pakistan Today" reasoned that more than ~48% unskilled and blue collar workers were absorbed in the private-sector industries after the government-management ownership which was engaged in agriculture; thus resulted in a decline of productivity and labour discipline. Though, the specialists and economists remains unclear what key factor causes the stagflation, the many multiple factors can be attributed; on other hand, the key media political specialists and economics writers, including the independent and neutral organization, such as Transparency International, posthumously blamed Yousaf Raza Gillani for doing too little to improve the economic situation. Throughout his democratic rule, no major reforms were initiated and the corruption, tax evasion, and the bad governance are likely to be modest factors to cause the stagflation. In 2012, the Pakistan Institute of Development Economics (PIDE) vice-chairman Dr. Rashid Amjad claims that, "the fiscal and financial constraints are hampering the capacity for investment and growth and the Finance ministry are reluctant to support rapid development of deeper debt markets." Ahmad further endorsed and maintained that, "a major cause of continuing stagflation in Pakistan was lack of Gilani's policy coordination between fiscal and monetary authorities."
One factor may involved in the stagflation is attributed to the mathematical calculation performed by the Pakistan Institute of Development Economics, that points out that the "nation's currency in circulation as a percentage of total deposits is 31%, which is very high as compared to neighboring India". Under Gillani's presiding of the country, nearly ~40.0% of the population fell under the line of poverty, with 16.0% rise in the inflation during his four years of presiding over the country. The new strict and tight monetary policy could not tame the soaring inflation, it did stagnate the economic growth. One economist maintained that stagflation took place when the tight monetary policy did not encourage the strong private sector to play a key part in growth. Analyzing the stagflation problem, the PIDE observed that a major cause of continuous era of stagflation in Pakistan was lack of coordination between fiscal and monetary authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="36813786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813786" title="Yeshivat Otniel shooting">
Yeshivat Otniel shooting

The Yeshivat Otniel shooting, was a terrorist attack carried out on 27 December 2002, in which two Palestinian gunman killed four students at Yeshivat Otniel, a Hesder Yeshiva in the Jewish settlement of Otniel near Hebron in the West Bank.
The attack.
On Friday night, 27 December 2002, over 100 students and faculty members of Yeshivat Otniel were getting ready to have dinner in the dining room of the Yeshiva, while in the adjacent kitchen, four yeshiva students on kitchen duty organized the first course of the Sabbath meals. Two of the four students on kitchen duty were IDF soldiers on leave without pay from the army.
Meanwhile, two Palestinian militants of the Islamic Jihad, disguised as Israeli soldiers and equipped with battle vests, M-16 rifles and hand grenades, made their way to the settlement through the valley located between Othniel and the town of Dahariya, and managed to infiltrate into the settlement. The militants cut the rickety fence which was erected around the building of the Yeshiva and afterwards, around 19:45 pm, they snuck into the building through the back door of the kitchen. The students on kitchen duty had just finished preparing the main dishes on serving plates and were about to bring them into the dining room when the militants entered the kitchen and opened fire at them. In the last moments of his life, Staff Sergeant Noam Apter, upon immediately realizing what was happening, managed to lock the sliding door separating the kitchen and the dining room, before he was murdered by the militants. In doing so, Noam prevented the militants from entering the dining room and carrying out a far deadlier attack. Nevertheless, after killing the students on kitchen duty, the militants smashed the window of the sliding door and began shooting through it into the dining room, wounding four yeshiva students, one of them critically. The majority of the students in the dining room managed to hide underneath the tables while some of them, whom were carrying weapons with them, returned fire at the militants.
During the event soldiers from Lavi Battalion rushed to the scene and waged a 30-minutes gunbattle with one of the militants who had barricaded himself in the kitchen room, before being shot dead. During the exchange of fire the second militant managed to flee the building, and ran through the valley south of the settlement towards Dahariya. Additional IDF forces from the Nahal Brigade assisted by a tracker pursued the second militant and approached him near a large quarry. The militant noticed the soldiers and opened fire on them, wounding three of them seriously. A gunbattle was waging between the IDF force and the militant while he was hiding behind rocks and bushes. Eventually two IDF soldiers managed to charge at him simultaneously from both sides, and kill him. In total, five IDF soldiers whom participated in the gunbattles with the terrorists were injured during the exchange of fire.
Claim of responsibility.
The Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility for the attack. The organization's leader, Abdallah Ramadan Shalah, stated during a phone call with Al Jazeera that the attack was carried out in retaliation to the assassination of the organization's West Bank militia leader a day earlier in Qabatya, near Hebron.
Israel's reaction.
After the attack, The IDF placed Hebron and three nearby villages under curfew. In addition, as a result of the terrorist attack, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told his cabinet that he and Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz had forged an agreement to ramp up the war against terrorism.
As part of the IDF's policy of deterring Palestinian militants from carrying out attacks, on the night of 30 December 2002 an IDF force demolished the homes of Ahmed Faqih, 20, and Mohammed Shaheen, 20, who attacked who carried out the attack in Otniel, which were located in the village of Dura.

</doc>
<doc id="36813787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813787" title="Viola (given name)">
Viola (given name)

Viola is a feminine given name, a variant of the given name Violet.

</doc>
<doc id="36813798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813798" title="Cuban pauraque">
Cuban pauraque

The Cuban Pauraque ("Siphonorhis daiquiri"), also known as the Cuban Poorwill, is an extinct species of nightjar from the island of Cuba in the Caribbean. It was described by Storrs Olson in 1985 from subfossil material he collected in 1980 from a hillside cave overlooking the village, and former historic port, of Daiquirí, about 20 km east of the city of Santiago de Cuba. The specific epithet refers to the type locality.
The species was intermediate in size between its two known congeners, being larger than "S. brewsteri" and smaller than "S. Americana". Olson considered that the cave deposits of the pauraque and other contemporary fauna were the prey of Barn Owls and were of Holocene age. Because of the cryptic nature of parauques and other nightjars, Olson considered it possible that the species might not be extinct, though there have been no confirmed records of living birds.

</doc>
<doc id="36813806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813806" title="Diabolus in Musica (ensemble)">
Diabolus in Musica (ensemble)

Diabolus in Musica (founded Paris, 1992) is a French medieval music ensemble directed by Antoine Guerber. Guerber studied medieval music under :fr:Dominique Vellard at the Centre de Musique Médiévale de Paris and at the Early Music Department of the Conservatoire National Supérieur in Lyon.

</doc>
<doc id="36813810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813810" title="Nehrovo, Ukraine">
Nehrovo, Ukraine

Nehrovo (; ; ; ) is a village in Ukraine's Zakarpattia Oblast. It is 11 miles southwest of Mukachevo, which is the nearest town with a substantial population. It is located in the Irshava Raion (district).
Prior to 1918, the town was known as Maszarfalva, and was part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Between 1918 and 1938, the town belonged to Czechoslovakia, and was named Negrovo. Proceeding the creation of the Soviet Union, the town was acquired as a territory of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, and was created as Nehrovo, as it is known to this day, even after the dissolution of the Soviet Union.
Jews in Nehrovo.
Jews constituted a majority of the population of Nehrovo throughout most of history. In 1880, the Jewish population of the town was tabulated as 104, and in 1921, the community was registered as 168. The rest of Nehrovo's residents consisted largely of Hungarians, Slovaks, and Ukrainians, relative to the country which it belonged to.
Like many Carpathian Jews, moat of Negrovo's Jewish population was decimated, the majority being deported to Auschwitz.

</doc>
<doc id="36813821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813821" title="2012–13 Azerbaijan First Division">
2012–13 Azerbaijan First Division

The 2012–13 Azerbaijan First Division is the second-level of football in Azerbaijan. There are thirteen teams participating in Azerbaijani First Division this season.
Teams.
In April 2013, Tərəqqi owners announced that club will be dissolved and all of their results in Azerbaijan First Division will be annulled.

</doc>
<doc id="36813830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813830" title="2006 Formula Renault 2.0 NEC season">
2006 Formula Renault 2.0 NEC season

The 2006 Formula Renault 2.0 NEC season was the inaugural Formula Renault 2.0 Northern European Cup season. The season began at Oschersleben on 22 April and finished on 17 September at the Salzburgring, after sixteen races.
Motopark Academy driver Filipe Albuquerque won the NEC championship title, having won four races during the season. Runner-up Chris van der Drift amassed four race wins too. His JD Motorsport team-mate Xavier Maassen completed the top three with two wins.

</doc>
<doc id="36813835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813835" title="Malir District">
Malir District

Malir District ( ) is an administrative district of Karachi Division in Sindh, Pakistan. It is located in the Northern and Eastern part of Karachi Division. Area wise it is the largest district of division. It is mostly consisting of rural area and has many farm houses and agricultural lands. Kirthar National Park and Hub Dam are also located on border of this district.
Sindhi and Baloch form overwhelming majority in the district followed by Pashtuns and Muhajirs. 
Malir District was abolished in 2000 and divided into three towns namely Malir Town, Bin Qasim Town and Gadap Town. 
On 11 July 2011 Sindh Government restored again Malir District.
References.
malir district re delimit on 5 November 2013

</doc>
<doc id="36813839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813839" title="Albizia canescens">
Albizia canescens

Albizia canescens, commonly known as Belmont Siris, is a species of "Albizia", endemic to Northern Australia.
Description.
While superficially similar to the closely related "A. lebbek", which has an overlapping native range, "A. canescens" can be distinguished by several features. The crown of "A. canescens" is more open than that of "A. lebbeck", and the foliage glaucous rather than dark green. Both the flowers and pods of "A. canescens" are small and inconspicuous compared to the showy, globular flowers and large pods of "A. lebbeck", and the bark of "A. canescens" is fissured, corky and more fire resistant than the tessellated bark of "A. lebbek.". 
The growth habit if the species is variable, with individuals able to persist and fruit as either a large single stemmed tree to 10 metres, or as a large multi-stemmed shrub. The shrub form appears to develop as a result of coppice regeneration following burning and enables the species to survive in the eucalypt savannas of Northern Australia which are subject to frequent fire.
Distribution and Ecology.
"Albizia canescens" is endemic to Northern Australia in a belt from The Kimberley across the Top End to Rockhampton in Central Queensland. The species grows as a medium sized tree scattered throughout eucalypt savannas. It is rarely abundant in any locale, though common on the CSIRO research station "Belmont" in Central Queensland, from whence it derives its common name. The species appears to have been more common in the past, and the apparent decline may be due to increased fire and browsing pressure from introduced herbivores 
The species is subject to the same diseases and pests that afflict "A. lebbek".
"A. canescens" exhibits an annual leaf drop that occurs with, or shortly prior to, the initiation of new leaf growth, so individuals are either evergreen or very briefly deciduous 
Seeds are short lived and susceptible to insect attack
Human Uses.
"Albizia canescens" is a little-known tree even within its native range. In the early 20th Century it was used to some degree as a source of high quality cabinet timber, although this use has apparently ceased, possibly due to a decline in abundance. However the species retains potential as a high value plantation species, being capable of rapid growth 
The species also has high potential as an agroforestry species. due to the value of the leaves and pods as stock feed. Although the leaf and pod fall is produced in lower quantities than those of "A. lebbek", the materila is much more palatable to livestock. "A. canescens" also enhances pasture growth at low densities.
Aboriginal Australians traditionally used the gum of the tree as a food source.
"Albizia canescens" is also contains many of the same psychoactive components as "A. lebbeck" although no record of its use as a psychoactive agent exists .

</doc>
<doc id="36813858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813858" title="Jessie Smith">
Jessie Smith

Jessie Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36813859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813859" title="Oslo Ess">
Oslo Ess

Oslo Ess is a Norwegian rock/punk band from Oslo with Åsmund Lande as vocalist/guitarist, Peter Larsson on guitar, Knut-Oscar Nymo on bass and Einar Stenseng on keyboards. Lande and Larsson used to play in another formation and launched the band. Although Oslo Ess doesn't have a permanent drummer, a number of drummers have played with the band including Steffen Skau Linnert, Tommy Akerholdt, Kim Akerholdt and Mads Golden.
The band released their debut album "Uleste bøker og utgåtte sko" on Råtass Records on 11 March 2011. The album reached #9 on Norwegian Albums Chart. This was followed up in 2012 with a new album "Verden på nakken, venner i ryggen" that hit #4 on the Albums chart in its first week of release. Their most successful single has been "Caroline". The band's lyrics are mostly about partying and nightlife, reflecting partly Jokke and Raga Rockers, but in a contemporary style of the 2010s.
Oslo Ess were nominated for "best rock group" category in the 2011 Spellemann awards. They also performed to a sold-out crowd on 21 December 2011 and 6th of October in the Rockefeller.

</doc>
<doc id="36813879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813879" title="With Us Until You're Dead">
With Us Until You're Dead

"With Us Until You're Dead" is the eighth studio album of the London based trip-hop band Archive.

</doc>
<doc id="36813895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813895" title="Charles Algernon Whitmore">
Charles Algernon Whitmore

Charles Algernon Whitmore (24 September 1851 – 10 September 1908) was a British barrister and Conservative Party politician. He sat in the House of Commons from 1886 to 1906, as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Chelsea.
Early life.
Whitmore was the son of the County Court judge Charles Shaplabd Whitmore QC and his wife Elizabeth Katherine, a sister of Sir Henry Brownrigg, Bt. He was educated at Eton and Balliol, and became a Fellow of All Souls in 1874, before being called to the bar in 1876 at the Inner Temple.
Political career.
At the 1885 general election, Whitmore unsuccessfully contested the parliamentary borough of Chelsea in London, where he lost by 175 votes (2%) to the sitting MP, the Liberal Sir Charles Dilke, Bt.
However in early 1886 Dilke was involved in a high-profile divorce case which grew into a high-profile sex scandal, and at the next general election, in July 1886, Whitmore defeated Dilke with a majority of 176 votes. He served for a time as private secretary to the Home Secretary Henry Matthews, who as a barrister had conducted the cross-examination of Dilke, destroying the latter's career. 
Whitmore served as the Second Church Estates Commissioner, and in 1895 he was elected by London County Council as an Alderman for the Moderate Party, serving until 1901. He was re-elected as MP for Chelsea at three further elections, but at the 1906 general election he was defeated by the Liberal candidate Emslie Horniman.

</doc>
<doc id="36813900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813900" title="James Currie">
James Currie

James Currie or Jim Currie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36813926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813926" title="1001 Nights (Doctor Who audio)">
1001 Nights (Doctor Who audio)

1001 Nights is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
1001 Nights.
Nyssa attempts to stave off the Doctor's execution by telling tales of their adventures to an angry Sultan.
1001 Nights.
by Emma Beeby
My Brother's Keeper.
by Gordon Rennie
The Interplanetarian.
by Jonathan Barnes
Smuggling Tales.
by Catherine Harvey

</doc>
<doc id="36813929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813929" title="James Curry (disambiguation)">
James Curry (disambiguation)

James Curry was a CFL player.
James Curry may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36813954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813954" title="Amastrianum">
Amastrianum

The Amastrianum (, , pr. "ta Amastrianoú"), by modern authors also Forum Amastrianum, was a public square () in the city of Constantinople (today's Istanbul). Used also as place for public mutilations and executions, it disappeared completely after the end of the Byzantine Empire.
Location.
The precise location of the square is unknown: in the work "De Ceremoniis", written by Emperor Constantine VII Porphyrogenitus (reigned 913–959), the square was located along the southern branch of the Mese Odós (the main street of the city), between the Philadelphion and the Forum Bovis, both stations of imperial processions coming from the Great Palace and heading to the western part of the city. Because of that, the Amastrianum should have lain in the valley of the Lycus creek, between the seventh and the third hills of Constantinople, at midway between the modern neighbourhoods of Şehzadebaşı and Aksaray. According to another source, the square lay in a plain zone on the southern slope of the fourth hills of Constantinople, more or less where the modern roads "Atatürk Caddesi" and "Şehzadebaşı Caddesi" cross each other. Administratively, it was included in the ninth "Regio" of the city. 
History.
No Byzantine source defines directly the Amastrianum as a forum, but from the context it is clear that it was a public square. Its name derived from the city of Amastris (modern Amasra) in Paphlagonia (a region on the Black Sea coast of north central Anatolia), either because someone from that city who had come to Constantinople for business was killed here, or because it was a place of execution for delinquents, and the Paphlagonians had a reputation for being criminals. According to the "Patrologia Latina", the square hosted two statues, respectively of a Paphlagonian and of a slave of him, both always covered with litter and excrement. Indeed the neighbourhood had a very bad reputation, and witnessed several executions. Here Michael III (r. 842–867) let burn the exhumed body of the iconoclast emperor Constantine V Kopronymos (r. 741–775), and Basil the Macedonian (r. 867–886) burned the slaves responsible of having killed their master. In 932, Romanos I Lekapenos (r. 920–944) let burn at the stake here Basil the Copper Hand, who assumed the identity of the usurper Constantine Doukas to lead a rebellion in Bithynia. During the Byzantine age, the Amastrianum was also the centre of the horse trade in the city.
Architecture.
The forum is supposed to have had a rectangular plan. It was adorned with several pagan statues: among them, one of Zeus as Helios and one of a sleeping Heracles. Moreover, groups of turtles and birds, and 16 statues of drakes adorned the place. The square was delimited by a marble fence whose small columns were adorned with the crescent. The strange ornaments, together with its usage as execution place, spread among the populace the belief that the Amastrianum was inhabited by devils.
According to the Parastaseis syntomoi chronikai (a Byzantine Guide of the city written in the 8th or 9th century), in the square lay also the edifice named "Modius" (, pr. "Modion"). This landmark, built in front of the house of a certain Krateros, had a central plan with columns bearing a vault topped by a pyramid. The building hosted a silver exemplar of the "modius", the largest Roman dry measure unit and was used above all in the cereals trade. The exemplar on display was supposed to represent the standard for this unit in the Byzantine Empire. The monument's façade hosted also two bronze hands set on spears. These were supposed to warn the wheat merchants against cheating using false measures: cheaters had their right hand cut, as happened in the 5th century to two sailors accused of having swindled the Emperor while selling him cereals. The monument's location was not accidental: the square was not far from the Egyptian and the Theodosian wheat deposits, both placed near the Harbour of Eleutherios. The "Modius" had been erected by Emperor Valentinian I (r. 364–375), who introduced this standard to Constantinople. A statue of him carrying a "modius" lay under the monument's vault. Over the years the original meaning of the bronze hands was forgotten and the place was actually used to punish criminals, often through mutilation. 
The square's proposed locations have not yet been excavated.

</doc>
<doc id="36813958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813958" title="The Warm Moods">
The Warm Moods

The Warm Moods is an album by American jazz saxophonist Ben Webster featuring tracks recorded in 1960 for the Reprise label. The album was the label's first non-Frank Sinatra release.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars with its review by Scott Yanow stating "Even when simply stating the melody, Webster brings out unexpected beauty in the songs. His tone has never been accurately duplicated".

</doc>
<doc id="36813961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813961" title="Dezzolla Shimane">
Dezzolla Shimane

Outline.
The team was established in April 2001 as FC Central Chūgoku. Though registered to play in Shimane prefecture, their office and training grounds were originally located in what is now Kitahiroshima, Yamagata district, Hiroshima prefecture. In 2008 the team changed its name to "Dezzolla Shimane Esporte Clube", and began to shift its base of operations to Hamada city and the surrounding areas, allowing citizens throughout the prefecture to feel a part of the club. The name is a corrupted portmanteau of the Portuguese words "Deus", meaning "God", and "Olá", meaning "hello". While "Esporte Clube" is Portuguese for "Sport Club". The move was completed in 2012.
As FC Central Chūgoku, home games were mainly played at Hamada City Track and Field Ground and Sun Village Hamada. However, in order to strengthen the idea that it is a club for the whole prefecture, under the name Dezzolla Shimane they also played home matches at Matsue Athletic Stadium (Matsue), Misumi Central Park Track and Field Ground (Hamada), Hamayama Park Track and Field Ground (Izumo and Shimane Prefectural Soccer Park (Masuda). In 2010 Matsue City F.C. (then known as Voladore Matsue) were promoted to the Chūgoku League, after which they, rather than Dezzolla Shimane, used the Matsue Athletic Stadium for home games. For the 2012 season, Dezzolla Shimane's home games are held only at Hamada City Track and Field Ground and Shimane Prefectural Soccer Park.
In 2004, the team made their Emperor's Cup debut at the expense of Iwami F.C. who had represented Shimane prefecture consecutively from 1997 to 2003. They received a bye to the second round where they beat Shizuoka F.C. on penalties, but were eliminated in the third round due to an 8-0 defeat away to Honda F.C.. Similarly, Dezzolla Shimane achieved continuous Emperor's Cup nominations until losing out to Hamada F.C. Cosmos, who are also based in Hamada city, in 2009.
The 2011 season saw the team win its first Chūgoku League title, the first team from Shimane prefecture to do so. For only the second time, the first being in 2007 when they finished second in the league, they qualified to enter the All Japan Regional Football Promotion League Series. However, a first round elimination ensured there would be no promotion to the Japan Football League the following season.
From 2012 the management structure at the club had changed, a with plans to establish a corporation to run the club announced on the official website, after which the clubs head office moved location to Hamada city. It had not been made clear, however, if the clubs parent company had or had not also been incorporated. From March 2012, the club also launched an official Twitter account.
Since it was formed, the club had mainly just enlisted various new members, but following the enrollment of such individuals as Takashi Shoji and Kazuaki Hayshi, over the years the team's aspiration also increased. The result being a young team with strong aspirations claiming a 2011 league victory with a desire to continue improving through 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36813990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36813990" title="Richard Scheller">
Richard Scheller

Richard H. Scheller (born 30 October 1953) is the Executive Vice President of Research and Early Development at Genentech. He was a Professor at Stanford University from 1982 to 2001 and joined Genentech. He has been awarded the Alan T. Waterman Award in 1989, the W. Alden Spencer Award in 1993 and the NAS Award in Molecular Biology in 1997, won the 2010 Kavli Prize in Neuroscience with Thomas C. Südhof and James E. Rothman, and won the 2013 Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research with Thomas Sudhof. He was also given the Life Sciences Distinguished Alumni Award from University of Wisconsin–Madison. He is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and a Member of the National Academy of Science.
Biography.
He earned his B.S. in biochemistry from the University of Wisconsin–Madison and his Ph.D. in chemistry from the California Institute of Technology under the guidance of Eric H. Davidson. While a graduate student, he worked with Keiichi Itakura and Arthur Riggs to help synthesize Somatostatin for Herb Boyer at Genentech. After finishing his graduate studies, he did a brief postdoc with Davidson and later with Eric Kandel and Richard Axel at Columbia University. While at Columbia, he extended his previous work with recombinant DNA to identify the egg-laying hormone (ELH) gene family of neuropeptides.
Richard joined the Stanford University faculty in the Department of Biological Sciences in 1982 and later the Department of Molecular and Cellular Physiology. He was an investigator with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute from 1990 to 2001. While at Stanford, he cloned and identified the proteins that control neurotransmitter release notably those in the Syntaxin family of transport proteins, Rab GTPases, and SNAREs. 
In 2001, he was recruited from Stanford to join Genentech as a Senior Vice President and Chief Research Officer replacing Dennis Henner. In 2008, was named the Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Vice President of Research. After the acquisition of Genentech by Hoffmann-La Roche, he was appointed the Head of Genentech Research and Early Development and a member of the enlarged Roche Corporate Executive Committee. He is concurrently an Adjunct Professor in the Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics at the University of California San Francisco.
Personal life.
He is married to Susan McConnell, a Professor in the Department of Biology at Stanford University and lives on Stanford Campus.

</doc>
<doc id="36814009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814009" title="Central cylindrical projection">
Central cylindrical projection

The Central cylindrical projection is a cylindrical map projection. This is achieved by projecting, from the center of the Earth (hence perpendicularly to the surface), the Earth's surface onto a cylinder tangent to the equator. The cylinder is then cut along one of the projected meridians and unrolled into a flat map.
The distortion in the regions beyond the equator is so pronounced (much worse than in the Mercator projection, which is sometimes erroneously presented as the central cylindrical) that the central cylindrical is not frequently used as a practical projection.
It is not known who first developed the projection, but it appeared with other new cylindrical projections in the 1800s, and regularly finds its way into textbooks (chiefly to illustrate that this is not the way Mercator is constructed).
As with any cylindrical projection, the construction can be generalized by positioning the cylinder to be tangent to a great circle of the globe that is not the equator.

</doc>
<doc id="36814051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814051" title="Kharumwa">
Kharumwa

Kharumwa (Karumwa) is a town in Geita Region of northwestern Tanzania, East Africa. It is the administrative centre for Nyang'hwale District.
History.
Prior to 2012, Kharumwa was part of Geita District, Mwanza Region.

</doc>
<doc id="36814067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814067" title="Callaway, Virginia">
Callaway, Virginia

Callaway is an unincorporated community in Franklin County, Virginia, United States. Callaway is west of Rocky Mount. Callaway has a post office with ZIP code 24067, which opened on July 14, 1871.
Bleak Hill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36814074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814074" title="Bullet Tree Falls">
Bullet Tree Falls

Bullet Tree Falls is a village located along the Mopan River in Cayo District, Belize. It lies approximately five kilometers northwest of San Ignacio. According to the 2010 census, Bullet Tree Falls has a population of 2,124 people in 426 households. The population consists mainly of Spanish-speaking mestizos.
History.
Bullet Tree Falls was originally settled by loggers, and by the late 1800s had attracted a small number of Maya families. During the Caste War of Yucatán numerous Maya refugees from the north settled in the area.
In 1961, Hurricane Hattie caused significant damage to the village, destroying a school building and church. In 1988, the Salvador Fernandez Bridge was completed, replacing an older wooden bridge.
Attractions.
Bullet Tree Falls has developed a small tourist economy facilitated by its location between San Ignacio and the El Pilar Mayan archeological site. The village hosts several lodges and a botanical garden. Buses between Bullet Tree Falls and San Ignacio run several times a day and taxi service is available to San Ignacio and El Pilar.

</doc>
<doc id="36814075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814075" title="The Duskeys">
The Duskeys

The Duskeys is an Irish/Welsh family pop quartet, known for their participation in the Eurovision Song Contest 1982 with the song "Here Today Gone Tomorrow". With 49 points, they came in eleventh position.
The group is composed of members Sandy Kelly, Barbara Ellis, Nina Duskey and Dan Duskey. The last one later fronted the group "Palace" that finished 5th in the 1986 A Song For Europe contest in the UK with the song "Dancing With You Again".

</doc>
<doc id="36814095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814095" title="Lot K, KLCC">
Lot K, KLCC

Lot K, KLCC is a tentative name of the development project that is underway on Lot K and Lot 185 on Kuala Lumpur City Center, Kuala Lumpur. The development comprising two towers, inclusive of offices and Kuala Lumpur's first luxury Raffles Hotel of between 35 and 77 storeys. The project is being designed by César Pelli Architects, designers of the adjacent Petronas Towers, and the environmental design and engineering firm Neapoli. 
Suria extension.
The towers would sit on a four-storey shopping complex podium that will be integrated with the present Suria KLCC mall. The new Suria mall extension will be interconnect with the current mall. Integration with the KLCC Park will also be enhanced.

</doc>
<doc id="36814107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814107" title="WhiteWater West">
WhiteWater West

WhiteWater West is a manufacturing company based in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada. It was established in 1980 and manufactures a variety of products for water parks including water slides and water play areas. The company also owns Hopkins Rides and Prime Interactives which manufacture water rides for amusement parks and dry play areas, respectively.
History.
In 1980, WhiteWater West was established by Geoff Chutter, a former accountant. The company's first project was the WhiteWater Waterslide and Recreation Complex in Penticton, Canada. 
In 1982, WhiteWater West acquired WhiteWater Composites. This was followed by the merger with Brookside Engineering in 1985 and Barr & Wray in 1987.
In 2002, WhiteWater acquired Prime Play (now Prime Interactives). Ten years later, in August 2012, WhiteWater West announced the acquisition of Hopkins Rides. The company will continue to operate as Hopkins Rides.
Commercial structure.
WhiteWater West consists of a water slide and water park product manufacturing arm, with three divisions which manufacture water rides and dry play areas for amusement parks, respectively. The company also has licenses with other companies to market and sell products under the WhiteWater West banner.
"Prime Interactives" is a division of WhiteWater West which began in 1993. The division began by manufacturing a variety of soft play areas. Prime Play also manufactures former WhiteWater West-branded products including the Spinning Rapids Ride and Water Coaster. The division handles sales of products manufactured by Ropes Courses, Inc., such as ropes courses and zip-lines, in Asia, Latin America, and the Middle East.
"Hopkins Rides" is WhiteWater West's latest acquisition. The company began in 1962 as a manufacturer of ski lifts before moving into log flumes, water rides, steel roller coasters and ropes courses. Since filing for bankruptcy in 2001, the company simplified its product offering, reverting to solely water ride manufacturing.
WhiteWater West currently licenses the AquaLoop looping water slide from Aquarena as well as the FlowRider sheet wave attraction from Wave Loch.
Notable installations.
, WhiteWater West has completed between 4,000 and 5,000 projects worldwide, currently averaging about 250 per year. Some notable installations include:
Awards.
WhiteWater West has been awarded over 50 awards. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="36814108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814108" title="Mariah Buzolin">
Mariah Buzolin

Mariah Buzolin Oliveira (born February 3, 1991) is a Brazilian actress. She is best known for her role as Maya Mercado in "All My Children", and as Zoe Mendez in the ABC Family television series "Jane by Design".
Life and career.
She was born in Campinas, São Paulo, Brazil on February 3, 1991. She is the youngest child of two. Her parents named her Mariah Buzolin Oliviera but sometimes she credited as Mariah Moore in several films. At the age of six, she moved to Chicago with her family, where in less than three months she was fluent in the language. In 2003, her first professional opportunities began to appear when she won a fashion contest, competing against hundreds of other girls nationwide. She moved to Los Angeles in 2006 after getting the attention from several agents and agencies.
She began her acting career in 2007 when she playing Sara in "Fallout" and also playing Mary in "The Faithful" alongside "Aliens in the Attic" star, Austin Butler. She also had appearance on the Nickelodeon series "Zoey 101" as Brooke Margolin. In 2009, she playing Beth on the American children's comedy film, "Hotel For Dogs" alongside Emma Roberts and Jake T. Austin. She became known for her role as Angelina on the Disney Channel series, "JONAS".
In 2012, she guest starred on the Nickelodeon show, "Hollywood Heights" and played Zoe Mendes on "Jane By Design".

</doc>
<doc id="36814115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814115" title="W. Alden Spencer Award">
W. Alden Spencer Award

The W. Alden Spencer Award is awarded to an investigator in recognition of outstanding research contributions by the College of Physicians and Surgeons, the Department of Neuroscience, and The Kavli Institute for Brain Science at Columbia University. It is named after W. Alden Spencer, a Professor of Physiology and Neurology at Columbia University. The award winner also gives a lecture.

</doc>
<doc id="36814130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814130" title="Alchemilla erythropoda">
Alchemilla erythropoda

Alchemilla erythropoda (dwarf lady's mantle) is a species of flowering herbaceous perennial plant in the family Rosaceae, native to Eastern Europe. It forms a clump of hairy, palmate leaves up to high, with sprays of yellow flowers in early summer. The leaves of this and its relative "A. mollis" are noted for being highly water-repellent.
This plant is valued as groundcover in cultivation in temperate regions. It tolerates a wide range of soil conditions, but is prone to self-seeding. It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="36814141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814141" title="The Christ Myth">
The Christ Myth

The Christ Myth, first published in 1909, was a book by Arthur Drews on the Christ myth theory. Drews, along with Bruno Bauer (1809–1882) and Albert Kalthoff (1850–1906), is one of the three German pioneers of the denial of the existence of a historical Jesus.
History.
19th-century historical criticism.
Drews emphatically argues that no independent evidence for the historical existence of Jesus has ever been found outside the New Testament writings. He denounces the Romanticism of the liberal cult of Jesus ("Der liberale Jesuskultus") as a violation of historical method, and the naive sentimentalism of historical theology which attributes the formation of Christianity to Jesus's "great personality".
He mentions the key names of historical criticism that emerged in the late 18th century and blossomed in the 19th century in Germany.
Consequences of German historical criticism.
Consequences have been dramatic.
Syncretism.
Drews uses the new findings of anthropology collected by James Frazer (1854–1941) with his descriptions of ancient pagan religions and the concept of dying-and-rising god. Drews also pays extreme attention to the social environment of religious movements, as he sees religion as the expression of the "social soul".
Drews argues that the figure of Christ arose as a product of syncretism, a composite of mystical and apocalyptic ideas:
1. A Savior/Redeemer derived from the major prophets of the Old Testament and their images of:
2. The concept of Messiah liberator freeing the Jews in Palestine from Roman occupation and taxation.
3. Mixed with the patterns of Persian and Greco-Roman dying-and-rising godmen — godly heroes, kings, and emperors, whose stories inspired the new anthropological concept of dying and rising gods popularized by Frazer — such as Baal, Melqart, Adonis, Eshmun, Attis, Tammuz, Asclepius, Orpheus, Persephone, Inanna, also known as Ishtar, as well as Ra the Sun god, with its fusion with Osiris, Zalmoxis, Dionysus, and Odin, figuring in mystery cults of the Ancient Near East.
The Jesus Cult and the Mystery Cults.
Drews points out the marked similarities of the early Christ cult to the existing and popular mystery cults — a theme already developed by W.B. Smith and J.M. Robertson, and later echoed by Maurice Goguel and reprised by the older brother of G.A. van den Bergh van Eysinga and van Eysinga himself. The rapid diffusion of the Christ religion took place in a population already shaped by and conversant with the sacred features of the mystery cults.
Mithras.
The "Christ Myth" is sprinkled with comparisons between the Mithraic mysteries and the cult of Jesus. Although the god Mithras was not exactly a dying-and-rising god, some similarities are meaningful. Especially the sacramental feast which allowed the initiated to experience a mystical union with the god.
Mithraism, imported from Persia to Rome, spread rapidly through the Roman Empire in the 1st century, and was considered a certain rival to early Christianity. The major images show the god being born from a rock. The central theme is the hunting and killing a bull with lots of blood pouring out. The sun was portrayed as a friend of Mithras, and banquets with him on the hide of the bull. Females played no part in the images or the cult. The cult was popular among soldiers, and was likely spread by them. Few initiates came from the social elite, until the revival in the mid-4th century (Emperor Julian). Drews claims that the figure of Jesus seemed more concrete, his story more moving, and it appealed more to women and the underdogs of society. The premature death of Emperor Julian was one of the causes of the Jesus mystery eventually winning over the Mithraic mysteries.
Christianity and the historical personality of Jesus.
Drews asserted that everything about the story of Jesus had a mythical character, and that it was therefore not necessary to presuppose that a historical Jesus had ever existed. In fact, Christianity could have developed without Jesus, but not without Paul, and certainly not without Isaiah.
Drews concludes in the last chapter, "The Religious Problem of the Present": The Christ-faith arose quite independently of any historical personality known to us ;... Jesus was in this sense "a product of the religious social soul" and was made by Paul, with the required amount of reinterpretation and reconstruction, the chief interest of those communities founded by him. The "historical Jesus is not earlier but later than Paul"; and as such he has always "existed merely as an idea", as a "pious fiction in the minds" of members of the community...the Gospels are the derivatives...for the propaganda of the Church, and being without any claim to historical significance...is a group-religion...the connection of the religious community...[Our personal religion, a religion of the individual, a principle of personal salvation, would have been an offense and an absurdity to the whole of ancient Christendom. added 
"Christ Myth II – the witnesses to the historicity of Jesus" (1912).
Critique of circular historical theology.
Arthur Drews published a second part to his book, "Die Christusmythe II: "Die Zeugnisse für die Geschichtlichkeit Jesu"" (1911), to answer objections of scholars and critically examine the historical method of theologians. Joseph McCabe (1867–1955), who started life as a Roman Catholic priest, produced a translation of "Christ Myth II" as "The Witnesses to the Historicity of Jesus" (1912), published both in London and Chicago.
Historicity of Jesus.
The preface of this classic book states: "The question of the historicity of Jesus ["die Frage nach der Historizität von Jesus Christus"] is a purely historical question to be settled with the resources of historical research."
In Ch. 3, "The Methods of Historical Criticism" of Part IV, "The Witness of the Gospels", Drews denounces the unscientific methodology principles of theological history which have been used in Schweitzer's "The Quest for the Historical Jesus", the new theological vogue since David Strauss (1808–1874), and resulted in a long string of "Lives of Jesus". Drews criticizes historical theology as not respecting the rules of non-Christian historical method, and giving way to "sentimental intuitions" and "basic circularity" of argumentation, where the existence of Jesus is presupposed, but not evidenced by outside sources. He takes as example the case of Johannes Weiss.
are convinced of the historicity of the gospels "a priori, before investigating the subject"...[They only have to seek the “historical nucleus” in tradition...How is it that Weinel knows the nature of Jesus so well before beginning his inquiry that he thinks he can "determine by this test what is spurious in tradition and what is not?"...The gospels, it seems, are to be understood from “the soul of Jesus,” not from the soul of their authors!..Johannes Weiss... acknowledges that in all his inquiries he "starts with the assumption that the gospel story in general has an historical root", that it has grown out of the soil of the life of Jesus, goes back to eye-witnesses of his life, and comes so near to him that we may count upon historical reminiscences...There is a further principle, that "all that seems possible... may at once be set down as actual"... is how all theological constructions of the life of Jesus are based... the historicity of which is supposed to have been "proved by showing that they are possible"... Johannes Weiss is a master in...way of interpreting the miracles of Jesus... If any one ventures to differ from him, Weiss bitterly retorts: “Any man who says that these religious ideas and emotions are inconceivable had better keep his hand off matters of religious history; he has no equipment to deal with them" [A classical response of theologians to skeptics...Weiss's "Das älteste Evangelium"...he tries to prove that... Mark is merely incorporating an "already existing tradition". "Not without certain assumptions,” he admits, “do we set about the inquiry..." [emphasis added
Drews, like Schweitzer in his "Quest", focuses mostly on German liberal theologians, while mentioning Ernest Renan (1823–1892) only "en passant". He completely ignores Baron d'Holbach (1723–1789), the first to publish a critical Life of Jesus, with his "Ecce Homo!" ("Histoire critique de Jésus-Christ, ou Analyse raisonnée des évangiles") (1770).
The witness of Paul.
The Epistles of Paul, and doubts about their authenticity: first ten epistles of Paul of Tarsus appeared around 140 AD, collected in Marcion's "Apostolikon". Their lost text was reconstituted by Adolf von Harnack in "Marcion: The Gospel of the Alien God", 1921]
The leader of the Tübingen School of theology, Ferdinand Christian (F.C.) Baur (1792–1860), in "Paulus, der Apostel Jesu Christi" (1845), had established as genuine the four chief Pauline Epistles — Romans, Galatians, First Corinthians and Second Corinthians — and that Paul in the Acts was different from the Paul of the Epistles.
Drews stresses that in the Germany of the 1900s, the genuineness of those four chief "Paulinae" (i.e. Paul's Epistles) "is so firmly held by that any doubt about it is at once rejected by them as "not to be taken seriously"." This fear didn't stop from doubts the likes of:
Drews says it loud and clear: There's a "vicious circle of methodology" in historical theologians, and "if they find Jesus", it's because "they assume in advance he's already in the stories".
"of doing so, [Paul uses "the most complicated arguments from the Scriptures" and the most determined dialectic, when he might have acted so much more simply." added. Why not, for example, in Gal. 2:11–14 "in order to convince Peter that he is wrong in avoiding the tables of the Gentiles?".
Theologians have a ready-made "psychological" excuse to explain Paul's silence on Jesus' life: The epistles are "occasional papers that never have reason to speak expressly about Jesus", as if everything about Jesus had already been communicated orally, and did not need to be repeated in the letters. Even when "letters, [are swarming with dogmatic discussions of the most subtle character", remarks Drews. It's one more excuse that theologians invent to conceal a major difficulty. Paul's Christ does not point to the Jesus of the Gospels.
The witness of the Gospels.
This important part IV covers a complete text criticism and historical criticism of Gospel scholarship in 1912, in 14 chapters:
The Suffering Servant of God in Isaiah 53.
The book emphasized the role played in the formation of the figure of Jesus by the Old Testament character of "The Suffering Servant" in Isaiah 53, Jeremiah, Job, Zechariah, Ezechiel, etc. especially as presented in the Greek version of the Septuagint. "Isaiah 52:13 – 53:12" ESV tells the story of the "human scapegoat" who, on God's will, is turned into an innocent lamb offered for sacrifice:
3 "He was despised and rejected by men;" a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief;... 4 Surely he has borne our griefs and carried our sorrows; yet we esteemed him stricken, smitten by God, and afflicted. 5 But "he was pierced for our transgressions;" he was crushed for our iniquities; upon him was "the chastisement that brought us peace, and with his wounds we are healed". 6 All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned—every one—to his own way; and "the Lord has laid on him the iniquity of us all." 7... yet he opened not his mouth; "like a lamb that is led to the slaughter"... 8 By oppression and judgment he was taken away; ... stricken for the transgression of my people? 9 "And they made his grave with the wicked"... although he had done no violence, and there was no deceit in his mouth.10 "Yet it was the will of the Lord to crush him"... when "his soul makes an offering for guilt"... 11...by his knowledge shall the righteous one, my servant, "make many to be accounted righteous", and he shall bear their iniquities. 12...because he poured out his soul to death and was numbered with the transgressors; yet he bore the sin of many, and makes intercession for the transgressors. added
In ch. 7, "The Mythic-Symbolic Interpretation of the Gospels", Drews writes: The mythic-symbolic interpretation of the gospels "sees" in Isaiah 53 "the germ-cell of the story of Jesus", the starting-point of all that is related of him, the solid nucleus round which all the rest has crystallised. The prophet deals with the "Servant of Jahveh", who voluntarily submits to suffering in order to expiate the sin and guilt of the people. added 
The Suffering Victim of Psalm 22.
Isaiah 53 is seconded by the "Suffering Victim" in crucial Psalm 22, especially its lines: "My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?" (Psalm 22:1; Mark 15:34); "They hurl insults, shaking their heads". (Psalm 22:7; Mark 15:29); "They divide my clothes among them and cast lots for my garment". (Psalm 22:18; Mark 15:24). Other psalms present passages supporting the figure of the "Suffering Servant" of Yahweh (Psalm 1, 8, 15, 23, 24, 34, 37, 43, 69, 103, 109, 110, 116, 118, 121, 128, etc.)
The righteous as personification of wisdom, his persecution and death.
Drews also underlines the contribution of the character of the "Just" or the "Righteous" in the Book of Wisdom, and Sirach.
Drews adds: 7, "The Mythic-Symbolic Interpretation of the Gospels" According to Deuteronomy (21:23), there was no more shameful death than "to hang on a tree" (in Greek "xylon" and "stauros", in Latin "crux"); so that this naturally occurred as the true manner of the just one's death. Then the particular motive of the death was furnished by the passage in Wisdom and the idea of Plato. He died as a victim of the "unjust", the "godless".
8, "Historians and the Gospels" No one will question that the figure of Jesus in the gospels has a certain "nucleus", about which "all the rest has gradually crystallised". But that this nucleus is an historical personality, and not "Isaiah's Servant of God", the "Just of Wisdom", and the "Sufferer of the 22d Psalm", is merely to beg the question; and this is the less justified since all the really important features of the gospel life of Jesus owe their origin partly to "the myth", partly to the expansion and application of "certain passages in the prophets".
13, "The Historical Jesus and the Ideal Christ"...There is not in the centre of Christianity one particular historical human being, but "the idea of man, of the suffering, struggling, humiliated, but victoriously emerging" from all his humiliations, "servant of God," symbolically represented in the actions and experiences of a particular historical person. added
Features of dying-and-rising God.
In Chapter 13, Drews emphasizes the "mystery cult" character of early Christian "ecstatic reverence":
Reception.
Germany.
Drews managed an intense advertising campaign in Germany with lectures, articles, interviews. It caused considerable controversy. His work proved popular enough that prominent theologians and historians addressed his arguments in several leading journals of religion. In response, Drews took part in a series of public debates, which often became emotionally charged.
Drews led a militant campaign for his book, supported by the National Association of Free Religion Societies, and The National Association of Monists. which organized a huge debate on Jan 31 and Feb 1, 1910 in the "Berlin Zoological Garden" between monists and liberal theologians including Baron von Soden of the Berlin University. Attended by 2,000 people, including the country's most eminent theologians, the meetings went on until three in the morning. "The New York Times" called it "one of the most remarkable theological discussions" since the days of Martin Luther, reporting that Drews's supporters caused a sensation by plastering the town's billboards with posters asking, "Did Jesus Christ ever live?" According to the newspaper his arguments were so graphic that several women had to be carried from the hall screaming hysterically, while one woman stood on a chair and invited God to strike him down.
On Feb 20, 1910, a counter confrontation took place in the Bush Circus. The following year, on March 12, 1911 another follow-up debate was organized.
United States.
Drews's international popularity was confirmed by the "New York Times"'s critical review of his "Christ Myth" book on March 26, 1911, "A German's "Christ Myth": Prof. Arthur Drews Carries the Higher Criticism to the Point of Absurdity". The anonymous reviewer recites the current objections addressed to Drews's "Christ Myth" book. He lists the general criticisms addressed by theologians, denouncing ...the pseudo-scientific vagaries... in a style redolent of the professorial chair of a German pedant...[ Jesus's] characteristics...are derived from Jewish ideals floating in the air at the time...This mythical personage was transformed into a demigod by St. Paul...virtually the creator of Christianity. His main grounds for disbelief in the existence of Jesus are "the absence of any contemporary references" to him except in the Gospels — a rather large exception, one would think. Passages of Josephus, Tacitus and Pliny are explained away as being late, or interpolated, or applying to the myth rather than to the person...
Dr. Drews proceeds ruthlessly to remove even this kernel a gracious life, with its marked individuality left by liberal theologians and "leaves virtually nothing in its place" except a mass of floating ideas and ideals...concentrated around a non-existent personality...
Drews denies the originality of the sayings attributed to Jesus, and considers them tainted with other-worldliness...book is an argument in favor of...Monism...known as Pantheism...It is, however, just "the sort of presentment which attracts the half-baked mind that cannot judge of historic evidence." added
Russia.
Drews's "Christ Myth" was to find an unpredictable reception in Russia, as his ideas reached the new Soviet Union leadership at the end of a very circuitous route — as a distant repercussion of the philosophy of Hegel and the reactions of his students, notably the relationship between Bruno Bauer and his young student, Karl Marx.
At the end of World War I, back on the social front, the Russian revolutionary Vladimir Lenin (1870–1924) had become the successor of Marx and Engels' socialism/communism, formulating his own Russian version of Marxism-Leninism of communism and atheism. Once the Bolsheviks gained power in the Soviet Union, Marxist–Leninist atheism became de facto the official doctrine of the state, under the leadership of Lenin, the Soviet leader from 1917 until his death.
Lenin was particularly receptive to the ideas of Bruno Bauer, a former friend and ally of Karl Marx when both were Young Hegelians. According to Zvi Rosen, in "Bruno Bauer and Karl Marx" (1977), Lenin was eager to use Bruno Bauer's attacks on Christianity as agitprop against the bourgeoisie, as updated by Arthur Drews. He accepted Drews's thesis that Jesus had never existed as anti-Christian propaganda.
Lenin argued that it was imperative in the struggle against religious obscurantists to adopt revolutionary ideas like those of Drews, and demolish the icons of "bourgeois" society. Several editions of Drews's "The Christ Myth" were published in the Soviet Union from the early 1920s onwards, and his arguments were included in school and university textbooks. Public meetings debating "Did Christ live?" were organized, during which party operatives debated with clergymen.
However, this acceptance of his ideas in Moscow and the Soviet Union did not save Drews, a believer, from Lenin's attacks, for being a "reactionary, openly helping the exploiters to replace old and rotten prejudices with new, still more disgusting and base prejudices".
At home, the diffusion of his book in the USSR had no impact on Drews's modest life as a teacher in Karlsruhe and were of no use to improving his social lot.
Influence on Couchoud and G.A. Wells.
In a different development to the West, Arthur Drews became influential on the formation of the "Jesus existence denial" theories of Paul-Louis Couchoud and G. A. Wells. Fluent in German, they had followed the huge academic controversy over the Christ Myth, and were able to read all of Drews's work in the original German. They both accepted and adapted Drews's main ideas. Drews had finally found some followers abroad, both in France and England. Wells, for instance, saw Jesus as "a personification of Wisdom", which had "appeared on earth in some indefinite time past." William B. Smith in the US, who also could read German fluently, remained a very close ally and a kindred soul.
In the same manner that Schweitzer is a seminal reference for historicists, Drews is a basic reference for the denial of Jesus historicity. Arthur Drews left his mark on practically the whole development of the "Christ Myth" thesis, (so-called "mythicism") which followed him.
Professional theologians.
In "Christ Myth II" (1912), Drews describes the cultural commotion: Now the whole Press is engaged against the disturber of the peace...Opposing lectures and Protestant meetings are organised, and J. Weiss publicly declares that the author of the book has "no right to be taken seriously." But among his fellows, within the four walls of the lecture-hall, and in the printed version of his lectures, Weiss assures his readers that he has taken the matter 'very seriously', and speaks of "the fateful hour through which our science is passing." [emphasis added 
Most significant theologian scholars immediately felt the need to take up the challenge and entered the debate sparked off by Drews's "Christ Myth" about the "Historicity of Jesus". Most of the responses world-wide by theologians were "violently negative and critical".
But Drews had some quality supporters, like the famous Orientalist Peter Jensen. Coincidentally, M. M. Mangasarian also published in 1909 "The Truth About Jesus, Is He A Myth?". In 1912, William Benjamin Smith published "Ecce Deus: Studies Of Primitive Christianity", (with an introduction by Paul Wilhelm Schmiedel (1912).
Albert Schweitzer.
To discuss Drews's thesis, Albert Schweitzer added two new chapters in the 1913 second edition of his "Quest of the Historical Jesus". ("Geschichte der Leben-Jesu-Forschung", 2. Auflage, 1913)
Ch. 22, (p. 451–499), "The New Denial of the Historicity of Jesus" ("Die Neueste Bestreitung der Geschichtlichkeit Jesu") analyzes Drews's thesis, plus eight writers in support of Drews's thesis about the non-existence of Jesus: J. M. Robertson, Peter Jensen, Andrew Niemojewski, Christian Paul Fuhrmann, W.B. Smith, Thomas Whittaker, G.J.P.J. Bolland, Samuel Lublinski. Three of them favor mythic-astral explanations.
Ch. 23 (p. 500–560), "The Debate About the Historicity of Jesus" ("Die Diskussion über die Geschichtlichkeit Jesu"), reviews the publications of 40 theologians/scholars in response to Drews, and mentions the participants in the Feb. 1910 public debate. Most of the publications are critical and negative. Schweitzer continues his systematic exposure of the problems and difficulties in the theories of the "Bestreiter" ("challengers') and "Verneiner" ("deniers") — the Dutch Radicals, J. M. Robertson, W. B. Smith and Drews — and the authenticity of Paul's epistles and Paul's historicity as well.
In those two chapters, Schweitzer, as usual in those high-minded Victorian times, runs a very polite and courteous discussion of all the arguments presented by the other parties and stays on a high ground of civility.
The discussing style uses such lines as:
That is the way Schweitzer conducted his theological refutation. He did not try to deliver a “hit” or a knock-out impact, but to gradually undermine his opponents' credibility. His interpretations only expressed his own opinions as an expert scholar, while his targets were not automatically "convinced". The debate simply rebounded and kept going after the 2d. edition of 1913.
The "Christ Myth" theological debate, in 1909–1913 and 1914–1927, tabulated by Peter De Mey.
Peter De Mey, a professor of "Systematic Theology" at the Catholic Un. of Leuven (Belgium), in a comprehensive paper "On Rereading the "Christ Myth" Theological Debate" (c. 2004), has cited and tabulated the extraordinary number of refutations from academic theologians in Germany, Britain, the United States, and France.
De Mey does not miss the opportunity first to belittle Drews's book ("no original thinker...a compilation of arguments developed by others...not really convincing") and then limits himself to only a selection of German responses (given the immensity of the literature sparked off by the "Christ Myth"), and only from "fundamental" theologians.
Professor De Mey offers a list of 87 books and articles: 83 publications in 1909–1927 (62 in German, 19 in English, 2 in French), plus 4 isolated odd ones. A "near-unanimity" of the responses cited by De Mey are "opposed to Drews's conclusions", with some variations. Drews is pictured as a "lone maverick" facing the established club of academic scholars and theologians.
Refutations from 1912 to WW II.
WWI put a damper on the heated flurry of refutations to Arthur Drews's "Christ Myth", but they continued unabated, if more sporadically, until WWII. The major critical works weighed the merits of the arguments on both sides to conclude by confirming the historicity of Jesus against the deniers:
Thomas Whittaker, William B. Smith, Arthur Drews, Paul-Louis Couchoud, L. Gordon Rylands, Edouard Dujardin.
"Mythicism".
In their books, A.D. Howell Smith (1942) and Archibald Robertson (1946) popularized the use of "mythicist" (L19, i.e. late 19th century, "a student, interpreter, or creator of myths; also an adherent or student of mythicism), and "mythicism" (rare, M19, "attributing an origin in myth to narratives of supernatural events"; also "the tendency to create myths"). Both were bizarrely adopted as a convenient, but imprecise journalistic shorthand for the "denial of Jesus existence", or the "thesis of non-historicity".However, "mythicize" (M19, "turn into a myth"), "mythicist" (L19) or "mythist" (M19), and "mythicism" (M19), are not found in the scholarly literature until popularized in the early 1940s."Mythify" (E20, "construct a myth") is "rare". Many words are built on "mytho-": "mythoclast" (L19), "mythomaniac" (M19), "mythogenic" (M20), "mythotheology" (E20), "mythographer" (M17, "a writer or collector of myths"). By contrast "mythology" (LME), "mythologize", "mythologist", "mythological" (all three E17) are much older. "Mythos" (M18, "a body of myths", and M20, "a recurrent theme" or "a standard plot") is literary and can sound pretentious.</ref>
For Drews, a professional philosopher, "Jesus historicity" was the "thesis", always affirmed and demonstrated first, while "Jesus historicity denial" was the "antithesis" in a Hegelian sense, always coming in second position, "after" the positive thesis. Same thing with Schweitzer, who, in the rebuttals in the 2d edition of the "Quest" (Ch. 22 & 23), only speaks of "Bestreiter der Geschichtlikchkeit Jesu", or "Verneiner" i.e. "challengers," or "deniers" of the historicity of Jesus. Jesus has to be phenomenologically defined, "before" his existence can be denied.
Theologians like to obfuscate the order of this conceptual link by "reversing" it, claiming that "mythicism" is a positive assertion, with the "historicist" only putting up a "defense" against the "mythicists". For instance, Hoffmann decries Ehrman's book as "entirely inadequate as a "defense"". added. Using the word "defense" switches the onus of evidence onto the non-historicists. This reversal remains impossible when using the terminology of Drews or Schweitzer.
"Mythicism" is also turned into the label of a fictitious, supposedly monolithic, "movement", in which fellow travelers are presumed to show cooperation, provide mutual support, and overlook their differences. But such "mythicism" is an abstraction, which per se does not exist. Only individual "non-historicists" exist, each one with a different interpretation (or none) of the origins of Christianity. There are as many sharp "zizanies" (as the French like to call rivalries) among "non-historicists" as among "historicists", with no apparent dogma or party line. This point had, occasionally, been made by Robert M. Price and Richard Carrier. Hoffmann concurs: "...there is a clear separation between "radical" NT criticism Dutch Radical School... and "sensationalists"...internet propagators of uncontrolled speculation that suits their theological or atheological taste...they have made it far more difficult for the theory to get a fair hearing than any single group opposed to them...the last learned champion of the myth theory is George Wells".
In fact, historicists do exhibit vastly different constructions of the "historical Jesus" — to the point of creating a "mess". Schweitzer never attacks an abstract anonymous doctrine. As a historian, he always addresses the arguments of targeted scholars and writers, from the platform of his own personal arguments, avoids and specifically "names names".
"Jesus Historicists" vs "Historicity Deniers".
WWII put a stop to the public debate initially set off by Arthur Drews, until George Albert Wells (b. 1926), a professor of German at Un. of London, reignited it in the 70s with a series of books directly influenced by his readings of Bruno Bauer, Kalthoff and Drews in their original German.
A whole series of scholars have re-opened the debate by publishing major refutations of Drews's "Christ Myth" thesis, including Ian Wilson (1984), R.T. France (1986), Morton Smith (1986), Graham N. Stanton (1989), Robert Van Voorst (2000), James Beilby and Paul R. Eddy (2009), R. Joseph Hoffmann (1986 and 2010).
Various conferences have been held in the US and Europe, notably by the Committee for the Scientific Examination of Religion (2007), and the Center for Inquiry CFI (2010), with scholars from both sides, such as Robert M. Price making contributions.
Major committees have been formed for communal examinations of the topics of historicity versus non-historicity, including:
With the spread of the Internet, the old theological controversy that was raging 100 years ago has percolated down to the public forum and known a recrudescence, with a "massive upsurge" of the non-existence thesis. Both academic and independent scholars have ridden the new boom with publications all aimed at discussing the "Christ Myth" thesis and its aftermath, including major works by Robert M. Price (August 2011), Bart D. Ehrman (March 2012), Richard Carrier (April 2012), Thomas L. Thompson and Thomas Verenna (July 2012), and Maurice Casey (August 2012).
R. Joseph Hoffmann.
R. Joseph Hoffmann is a reputed historian of Early Christianity. Educated by Catholic nuns, he has remained a sentimental defender of the Church and a vocal advocate of Jesus Historicity, and at the same time a standard-bearer in the forefront of the campaign against Arthur Drews's Non-Historicity thesis. His contributions have been in books, conferences, and committees. He participated in the Jesus Seminar and the aborted Jesus Project. Like all other well-known scholars, Hoffmann also runs an Internet blog, the "New Oxonian". Hoffmann is well known for his witty, highly erudite and often acerbic style, and his penchant for complicated and extreme declarations.
In May 2012, Hoffmann presented the Jesus Process defined as yet another round on the popular theme of "Consultation on the Historical Jesus". An introductory manifesto for the new group has been outlined in "Controversy, Mythicism, and the Historical Jesus" of May 22, 2012.
When listing the major refutations of the "Christ Myth" thesis (Note ), Hoffmann notes that the "important studies" are the five works by S. J. Case, F. C. Conybeare, Maurice Goguel, R. T. France, and Morton Smith. But Hoffmann omits from that list many historically significant refutations such as Albert Schweitzer's critique of the "Christ Myth" in the added chapters 22 & 23 of the 2d edition of the "Quest" (1913, translated in 2001), or Robert Van Voorst's work.
Hoffmann has systematically used the "New Oxonian" for striking rhetorical blows at Drews's Non-Historical thesis, none yet being a decisive "estocade" (i.e. "death blow"). He does not hesitate to impute to Drews "a kind of "proto-Nazi" paganism". have normally held that the gospel writers... wrote fraudulent or consciously deceptive tales... The elimination of James as a “prop” for the historical Jesus has been a priority of the myth theorizers...[an insupportable contention...is for his academic inexactness and sensationalism...with the glaring mistake...Despite the energy of the myth school...It remains a quaint, curious, interesting but finally unimpressive assessment of the evidence... an agenda-driven “waste of time”... a quicksand of denial and half-cooked conspiracy theories that take skepticism and suspicion to a new low. Like all failed hypotheses, it arrives at its premise by intuition, cherry picks its evidence... defends its “conclusions” by force majeure... a dogma in search of footnotes... its most ardent supporters... have been amateurs or dabblers in New Testament studies... least equipped by training or inclination ...[The Christ Myth is manically disorientated, a kind of "proto-Nazi" paganism... Drews is significant largely because he "created the flashpoints" to which many mythicists "return again and again"...[Emphasis added
Hoffmann has declared that the non-historicity thesis should no longer be ignored, but must be confronted head-on: "I have often made the claim that it has been largely "theological interests" since Strauss’s time that "ruled the historicity question out of court."" added.. Meaning that academics have ignored the "Christ Myth" thesis because of university expectations in favor of the historicity of Jesus.
Hoffmann can cite all the cases of PhDs unable to get a meaningful academic job. Not only David Strauss, but also Bruno Bauer was terminated as a professor at an early age. Arthur Drews, Paul-Louis Couchoud, George Albert Wells, Alvar Ellegard, retained their academic positions only because they were independent from a religious studies department. Thomas L. Thompson could not obtain an appointment in the US and found acceptance in Copenhagen. Gerd Lüdemann was not removed from the University of Göttingen but demoted to a non-credit course in ancient history and literature. Richard Carrier has embarked on a free-lance historian career.
Not only Germany, but also the US both produce a surfeit of educated PhDs for the small number of professorships available. "Toeing the line" becomes vital for tenure. Years of study in the best universities do not guarantee prospects of a full career as an academic. Acceptance by future colleagues and chairmen of departments becomes a make-or-break condition.
Hoffmann has mentioned that Bart D. Ehrman's book, "Did Jesus Exist?", is "exceptionally disappointing and not an adequate rejoinder to the routinely absurd ideas of the Jesus-deniers. For that reason... I have had to abandon my indifference and get back into the fight—on the side of the son of man.".
Hoffmann has announced a major book, intended to become the master refutation of the "Christ Myth" thesis, in order to block the insidious increase of its popularity, and to safeguard the integrity of New Testament studies ("New Oxonian", May 22, 2012)This essay is in part an attempt to clarify procedural issues relevant to what is sometimes called the “Christ-myth” or “Non-historicity” thesis—an argumentative approach to the New Testament based on the theory that the historical Jesus of Nazareth did not exist..."The failure of scholars to take the “question of Jesus” seriously" has resulted in a "slight increase in the popularity" of the non-historicity thesis, a popularity that—in my view—now threatens to distract biblical studies from the serious business of illuminating the causes, context and development of early Christianity...It is a preface of sorts to a "more ambitious project on the myth theory" itself and what we can reliably know–if anything—about the historical Jesus. added
Many more similar books are in the works by academic and independent scholars, all capitalizing on the new wave of interest — a vogue similar to that of a 100 years ago. Major publishers are jumping in the bandwagon, welcoming the renewed discussion of Drews's "Christ Myth" thesis and the expanding public debate on "Jesus Historicity" versus "Non-Historicity".

</doc>
<doc id="36814149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814149" title="Linyi Shansong Biological">
Linyi Shansong Biological

Linyi Shansong Biological Products Co.,Ltd.is a high-tech enterprise which is engaged in RD, manufacture and marketing. It manufactures natural, nutritious, functional food and ingredients with modern bioengineering technique and becomes one of the largest soybean further processing companies all over the world.
It was listed on the Singapore Exchange in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36814151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814151" title="Soulmates (Ben Webster album)">
Soulmates (Ben Webster album)

Soulmates is an album by saxophonist Ben Webster and pianist Joe Zawinul featuring tracks recorded in 1963 for the Riverside label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars with its review by Jim Todd stating "What initially seems like an unlikely pairing for this session delivers on its unique pedigree with performances that do full justice to tenor legend Ben Webster and to the then up and coming pianist Joe Zawinul".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Ben Webster except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36814159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814159" title="Chris Johnstone">
Chris Johnstone

Chris Johnstone (born 12 October 1960) is a former professional tennis player from Australia.
Career.
Johnstone was runner-up to Pat Serrett at the 1978 Australian Junior Championships.
His best Grand Slam performance came at the 1982 Wimbledon Championships, where he had wins over David Schneider and Jay Lapidus, to make the third round. In the mixed doubles he and partner Pam Whytcross were semi-finalists.
A right-hander, Johnstone made the finals in both the singles and doubles draws at the 1982 South Australian Open. He lost the singles final to Mike Bauer but won the doubles, with Pat Cash.

</doc>
<doc id="36814185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814185" title="QQK">
QQK

QQK may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36814201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814201" title="Coatbridge College">
Coatbridge College

Coatbridge College is Scotland’s first College with over 145 years of history. The College has over 250 members of staff and is home to around 7,000 students. The College provides further education to the people of North Lanarkshire, in particular those who live in Coatbridge and Airdrie.
The 1970s saw Coatbridge College move away from traditional heavy industries and it changed its focus to commerce. In 1984 the College was extended to create computing suites, hairdressing and beauty salons, a refectory area, sports facilities and a large Theatre, which was later to be named the Ian Bannen Theatre.
Campuses.
The College is currently split over three Campuses. The Kildonan Street Campus is the College’s main campus offering eight out of ten subject areas. The Greenhills Campus is home to the Automotive and Transport Department, with The School of Dental Studies based at the Duart House Campus at Strathclyde Business Park.
Curriculum.
The College currently offers study within 10 Curriculum subject areas including:
Estate Redevelopment.
June 2009 saw the College undergo a redevelopment of its Kildonan Street Campus. Phase 1 included a £22.5 million refurbishment of the College’s south building to improve facilities and provide full disabled access funded by the Scottish Funding Council. The project started as planned in June 2009 and was completed on schedule in April 2011.
Phase 2 of the estates strategy began in May 2011 and is expected to be completed by the end of 2012. Phase 2 will see the entire estate being modernised and enhanced to meet the needs of all students and staff, provide sustainable and flexible accommodation, state of the art equipment and teaching facilities as well as the opportunities for businesses and communities to engage with the College. The College’s focus in placing the learner at the heart of all activity has, and will, continue to ensure an ever improving learner experience. The intent is to improve the quality and extent of its demand led, flexible curriculum within a sustainable and fit for purpose environment.
Phase 2 has seen the completion of the College’s state of the art conference center facilities which offers industry leading technology within a 249 capacity lecture theatre, along with break out meeting and interview rooms.
HMIE.
In July 2012 Coatbridge College received an outstanding HMIE review. HMIE are so confident in Coatbridge College that not a single point for action was set out. HMIE have published 4 unconditional statements of confidence and state that they are:

</doc>
<doc id="36814209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814209" title="Steven Bradbury">
Steven Bradbury

Steven Bradbury or Stephen Bradbury may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36814223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814223" title="Alexandros Kasmeridis">
Alexandros Kasmeridis

Alexandros "Alexis" Kasmeridis (, born 23 April 1986) is a Greek footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Greek Superleague side Levadiakos. He started his career at OFI Crete in 2002 and stayed there until 2011. He then played for Thrasyvoulos for one year until 2012, when he joined Levadiakos.
Kasmeridis is a former member of all youth national teams of Greece; under-17, under-19 and under-21 – he was also part of Greece's 2005 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship squad.
Club career.
Early career.
Kasmeridis was born in Serres and, during his early teens, he played for local club "Anatoli". Despite the efforts of Panserraikos to sign him, he decided to join OFI Crete in 2002 at the age of 15. He played for the club's amateur team until 2006, when he signed his first professional contract. With OFI Amateurs, he won the 2004 Heraklion Football Clubs Association Cup against PANOM.
During his whole spell at OFI Crete, Kasmeridis was always a backup goalkeeper behind other goalkeeping talents produced by the club, such as Kostas Chaniotakis, Michalis Sifakis and Sifis Daskalakis. Even during the later years, goalkeepers from Panathinaikos (Arkadiusz Malarz and Alexandros Tzorvas) or abroad (Tristan Peersman) were preferred, so he earned little playing time.
OFI Crete.
Kasmeridis made his Superleague debut on 30 November 2008 coming as a substitute during an away game against Panthrakikos, when Malatz was injured in the 26th minute. He then went on to make another 3 performances for OFI during the 2008–09 season, which saw the club ending in 14th place and being relegated from the first division for the first time since 1976.
The 2009–10 season was worse for Kasmeridis, even though OFI was playing in the Beta Ethniki – he was the second goalkeeper behind Polychronis Vezyridis and only played once in the second-last game of the promotion play-offs against Pierikos because Vezyridis was banned from the match. OFI eventually missed promotion at the final fixture, so they stayed in the second division.
Kasmeridis was still a backup for OFI in the 2010–11 season, as he made a total of 3 appearances in the now-called "Football League". His season debut was on an away game against PAS Giannena, coming as a substitute for Vezyridis, after the latter was hit by a fan of PAS. He made another appearance in the regular season against Ionikos and a final appearance in the last game of the promotion play-offs against Diagoras, where OFI won and secured promotion to the Superleague after 2 years. However, Kasmeridis did not fit the plans of his manager, Nikos Anastopoulos, for the following season and was asked to look for a new club.
Thrasyvoulos.
On 10 September 2011, a day after his OFI contract was terminated, Kasmeridis signed a one-year contract with Thrasyvoulos in the second division. He was a regular for the club in the 2011–12 season, making 26 appearances and earning one red card in the final game against Anagennisi Epanomi. More notably, Kasmeridis was the team's hero during their 2011–12 Greek Cup campaign, where they qualified to the Round of 16 on the expense of Superleague side Levadiakos, whom they beat 4-2 on penalty shoot-out, himself blocking two penalties of the opposing team.
Levadiakos.
On 12 June 2012, Kasmeridis signed a two-year contract for Levadiakos. In a later interview, he justified his decision to join Levadiakos by saying that his goal was to establish himself in the Superleague. He made his league debut on 8 October 2012 during a home match against Panthrakikos – there, first-choice keeper Dimitris Kyriakidis received a red card on the 37th minute and Kasmeridis entered as a substitute for Stefano Napoleoni; he conceded an additional 2 goals for a final result of 0–3 for the visitors.
International career.
Greece under-17.
Kasmeridis was called up to the Greek national under-17 football team on 6 March 2003 for a friendly game against Yugoslavia on 8 March.
Greece under-19.
On 28 August 2004, Kasmeridis, still a player of OFI Amateurs at the time, was called for the first time to the Greek national under-19 football team to play in a friendly match against Netherlands under-19 on 4 September. He did not get any playing time, but made his debut a month later, on 8 October, in a 2005 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship qualification match against Faroe Islands. He made good appearances in the rest of the qualifiers and Greece qualified to the final stage of the 2005 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship.
2005 UEFA European U19 Championship finals.
Kasmeridis was a member of Greece's squad in the finals. He played in the victorious first game of the group stage against the hosts, Northern Ireland, and in the second game against Germany, where Greece lost 3–0. Greece was eventually eliminated after another 3–0 defeat against Serbia and Montenegro, a game which Kasmeridis watched from the bench as Dimitrios Sotiriou took his place in the starting lineup.
Greece under-21.
On 16 October 2006, Kasmeridis made his debut for the Greece under-21 in a friendly match against Ethnikos Asteras as a second-half substitute for Leonidas Panagopoulos. He went on to make 6 appearances in 2007, with Panagopoulos and Kasmeridis swapping places in the starting lineup, and 2 appearances in 2008, all of which as a starter.

</doc>
<doc id="36814234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814234" title="Il coltello di ghiaccio">
Il coltello di ghiaccio

Il coltello di ghiaccio is a 1972 giallo film directed by Umberto Lenzi. The film stars Carroll Baker, Evelyn Stewart and George Rigaud. Both Baker and Stewart featured in several other films helmed by Lenzi.
Elements of the film's script and direction have been cited as being reminiscent of works by fellow Italian Lucio Fulci. Allrovi's Robert Firsching has noted that "Il coltello di ghiaccio" "should prove fascinating to genre devotees".
Plot.
A famous singer, Jenny Ascot (Evelyn Stewart), visits her cousin Martha Caldwell (Carroll Baker) at her home in the Pyrenees. Caldwell has long been rendered mute after witnessing both her parents being killed in a train crash. While Ascot and Caldwell are travelling to Caldwell's home, they notice a strange man who seems to be following them. That night, at Caldwell's villa, Ascot hears noises coming from the garage, and when she investigates, is killed by an unseen figure. 
The police believe the killing is connected to the murder of a teenage girl hours before, and their prime suspect is a local hippy they are convinced is a drug-addicted Satanist. However, two more murders occur while this suspect is in custody. Several other locals are placed under suspicion, including a doctor (Franco Fantasia), a chauffeur (Eduardo Fajardo) and an occultist (George Rigaud). Eventually the man who Caldwell and Ascot saw following them is arrested, and the police discover that his girlfriend had been found murdered several days earlier. 
However, after this man is taken into custody, Caldwell's friend Christina (Rosa María Rodríguez) is also murdered, prompting police to reopen the investigation. After they find that their suspect's girlfriend had died of a drug overdose, rather than being murdered, it eventually comes to light that the killer is Caldwell herself. She had killed Ascot out of jealousy of her singing voice, which piqued her interest in murder, and resurfaced to kill Christina when the girl had discovered evidence linking Caldwell to the crimes.
Production.
Baker and director Umberto Lenzi had already collaborated in several films, including 1969's "Così dolce... così perversa" and "Orgasmo", and 1970's "Paranoia". Lenzi would also go on to cast Ida Galli—credited here as Evelyn Stewart—in 1975's "Il giustiziere sfida la città" and 1978's "Il grande attacco".
The film's use of Satanists as initial suspects has been compared to Lucio Fulci's film "Non si sevizia un paperino", also released in 1972. "Il coltello di ghiaccio" features frequent use of close-up shots of characters' eyes, which has also been noted as a "Fulci trademark".
Release and reception.
"Il coltello di ghiaccio" was released in Italy in 1972. The film has also been distributed under the titles "Knife of Ice", "Vertigine", "Dagger of Ice" and "Detrás del Silencio".
Writing for Allrovi, Robert Firsching gave the film a rating of two-and-a-half stars out of five, adding that "despite its inconsistencies, film should prove fascinating to genre devotees".

</doc>
<doc id="36814241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814241" title="Old Cow vs Tender Grass">
Old Cow vs Tender Grass

Old Cow vs Tender Grass () is a 2010 Singaporean comedy film, directed by Chi Kai Fok and starring Henry Thia and Crystal Lin. The film, in general, focuses on an aging taxi driver, who is out of love, meeting a beautiful young girl and falling in love, as connoted, in Mandarin Chinese, in the film title itself. It was officially released in cinemas on July 22, 2012, in Singapore.
Plot.
At 49, Singaporean taxi driver Moo (Henry Thia) is still trying to find a lifelong companion. He encounters the young but eccentric Moon (Crystal Lin), who is always seen with her pet, Bubbles (the dog), and feeding stray animals, after taking her as a passenger, and takes a liking. Meanwhile his best friend and colleague, also a taxi driver (Jack Lim), is also trying to find love and finds success when he meets a dashing beer girl from China with the name of Xiao Hong (Siau Jia Hui).

</doc>
<doc id="36814246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814246" title="Eraserhead">
Eraserhead

Eraserhead is a 1977 surrealist body horror film written and directed by American filmmaker David Lynch. Shot in black-and-white, "Eraserhead" is Lynch's first feature-length film, coming after several short works. The film was produced with the assistance of the American Film Institute (AFI) during the director's time studying there. Starring Jack Nance, Charlotte Stewart, Jeanne Bates, Judith Anna Roberts, Laurel Near, and Jack Fisk, it tells the story of Henry Spencer (Nance), who is left to care for his grossly deformed child in a desolate industrial landscape. Throughout the film, Spencer experiences dreams or hallucinations, featuring his child and the Lady in the Radiator (Near).
"Eraserhead" spent several years in principal photography because of the difficulty of funding the film; donations from Fisk and his wife Sissy Spacek kept production afloat. The film was shot on several locations owned by the AFI in California, including Greystone Mansion and a set of disused stables in which Lynch lived. Lynch and sound designer Alan Splet spent a year working on the film's audio after their studio was soundproofed. "Eraserhead" soundtrack features organ music by Fats Waller and includes the song "In Heaven", penned for the film by Peter Ivers.
Initially opening to small audiences and little interest, "Eraserhead" gained popularity over several long runs as a midnight movie. Since its release, the film has earned positive reviews. The surrealist imagery and sexual undercurrents have been seen as key thematic elements, and the intricate sound design as its technical highlight. Thematic analysis of the film has also highlighted these issues and has elaborated on Spencer's fatalism and inactivity. In 2004, the film was preserved in the National Film Registry, maintained by the United States Library of Congress.
Plot.
The Man in the Planet (Jack Fisk) is seen moving levers in his home in space, while the head of Henry Spencer (Jack Nance) is seen floating in the sky. A spermatozoon-like creature emerges from Spencer's mouth, floating into the void.
In an industrial cityscape, Spencer walks home with his groceries. He is stopped outside his apartment by the Beautiful Girl Across the Hall (Judith Anna Roberts), who informs him that his girlfriend, Mary X (Charlotte Stewart), has invited him to dinner with her family. Spencer leaves his groceries in his apartment, which is filled with piles of dirt and dead vegetation. That night, Spencer visits X's home, conversing awkwardly with her mother (Jeanne Bates). At the dinner table, he is asked to carve a chicken that X's talkative father (Allen Joseph) has "made"; the bird moves and writhes on the plate and gushes blood. After dinner, Spencer is cornered by X's mother, who tries to kiss him. She tells him that X has had his child and that the two must marry. X, however, is not sure if what she bore is a child.
The couple move into Spencer's one-room apartment and begin caring for the child—a swaddled bundle with an inhuman, snakelike face, resembling the spermatozoon creature seen earlier. The infant refuses all food, crying incessantly and intolerably. The sound drives X hysterical, and she leaves Spencer and the child. Spencer attempts to care for the child, and he learns that it struggles to breathe and has developed painful sores.
Spencer begins experiencing visions, again seeing the Man in the Planet, as well as the Lady in the Radiator (Laurel Near), who sings to him as she stomps upon miniature replicas of Spencer's child. After a sexual encounter with the Beautiful Girl Across the Hall, Spencer has another vision, seeing his own head fall off, revealing a stump underneath that resembles the child's face. Spencer's head falls from the sky, landing on a street and breaking open. A boy finds it, bringing it to a pencil factory to be turned into erasers. Spencer is then seen, in his normal form, in a billowing cloud of eraser shavings.
Spencer tries to seek out the Beautiful Girl Across the Hall, but she has begun taking other men home. Crushed, Spencer returns to his room, where the child is crying. He takes a pair of scissors and for the first time removes the child's swaddling. It is revealed that the child has no skin; the bandages held its internal organs together, and they spill apart after the rags are cut. The child gasps in pain, and Spencer stabs its organs with the scissors. The wounds gush a thick liquid, covering the child. The power in the room overloads, causing the lights to flicker; as they flick on and off the child grows to huge proportions. As the lights burn out completely, the child's head is replaced by the planet seen at the beginning. The side of the planet bursts apart, and inside, the Man in the Planet struggles with his levers, which are now emitting sparks. Spencer is embraced warmly by the Lady in the Radiator, as both white light and white noise build to a crescendo before the screen turns black and silent.
Production.
Pre-production.
Writer and director David Lynch had previously studied for a career as an artist, and he had created several short films to animate his paintings. By 1970, however, he had switched his focus to film-making, and at the age of 24 he accepted a scholarship at the American Film Institute's Centre for Advanced Film Studies. Lynch disliked the course and considered dropping out, but he changed his mind after he was offered the chance to produce a script of his own devising. He was given permission to use the school's full campus for film sets; he converted the school's disused stables into a series of sets and lived there. In addition, Greystone Mansion, also owned by the AFI, was used for many scenes.
Lynch had initially begun work on a script titled "Gardenback", based on his painting of a hunched figure with vegetation growing from its back. "Gardenback" was a surrealist script about adultery, which featured a continually growing insect representing one man's lust for his neighbor. The script would have resulted in a roughly 45-minute-long film, which the AFI felt was too long for such a figurative, nonlinear script. In its place, Lynch presented "Eraserhead", which he had developed based on a daydream of a man's head being taken to a pencil factory by a small boy. Several board members at the AFI were still opposed to producing such a surrealist work, but they were persuaded when dean Frank Daniel threatened to resign if it were to be vetoed. Lynch's script for "Eraserhead" was influenced by his reading as a film student; Franz Kafka's 1915 novella "The Metamorphosis" and Nikolai Gogol's 1836 short story "The Nose" were strong influences on the screenplay.
The script is also thought to have been inspired by Lynch's fear of fatherhood; his daughter Jennifer had been born with "severely clubbed feet", requiring extensive corrective surgery as a child. Jennifer has claimed that her own unexpected conception and birth defects were the basis for the film's themes. The film's tone was also shaped by Lynch's time living in a troubled neighborhood in Philadelphia. Lynch and his family spent five years living in an atmosphere of "violence, hate and filth". The area was rife with crime, inspiring the bleak urban backdrop of "Eraserhead". Describing this period of his life, Lynch said "I saw so many things in Philadelphia I couldn't believe ... I saw a grown woman grab her breasts and speak like a baby, complaining her nipples hurt. This kind of thing will set you back". Film critic Greg Olson, in his book "David Lynch: Beautiful Dark", posits that this time contrasted starkly with the director's childhood in the Pacific Northwest, giving the director a "bipolar, Heaven-and-Hell vision of America" which has subsequently shaped his films.
Initial casting for the film began in 1971, and Jack Nance was quickly selected for the lead role. However, the staff at the AFI had underestimated the project's scale—they had initially green-lit "Eraserhead" after viewing a twenty-one page screenplay, assuming that the film industry's usual ratio of one minute of film per scripted page would reduce the film to approximately twenty minutes. This misunderstanding, coupled with Lynch's own meticulous direction, caused the film to remain in production for a number of years. In an extreme example of this labored schedule, one scene in the film begins with Nance's character opening a door—a full year would pass before he was filmed entering the room. Nance, however, was dedicated to producing the film and retained the unorthodox hairstyle his character sported for the entirety of its gestation.
Filming.
Buoyed with regular donations from Lynch's childhood friend Jack Fisk and Fisk's wife Sissy Spacek, production continued for several years. Additional funds were provided by Nance's wife Catherine E. Coulson, who worked as a waitress and donated her income, and by Lynch himself, who delivered newspapers throughout the film's principal photography. During one of the many lulls in filming, Lynch was able to produce the short film "The Amputee", taking advantage of the AFI's wish to test new film stock before committing to bulk purchases. The short piece starred Coulson, who continued working with Lynch as a technician on "Eraserhead". "Eraserhead" production crew was very small, composed of Lynch; sound designer Alan Splet; cinematographer Herb Cardwell, who died during production and was replaced with Frederick Elmes; production manager and prop technician Doreen Small; and Coulson, who worked in a variety of roles.
The physical effects used to create the deformed child have been kept secret. The projectionist who worked on the film's dailies was blindfolded by Lynch to avoid revealing the prop's nature, and he has refused to discuss the effects in subsequent interviews. The prop—which Nance had nicknamed "Spike"—featured several working parts; its neck, eyes and mouth were capable of independent operation. Lynch has offered cryptic comments on the prop, at times stating that "it was born nearby" or "maybe it was found". It has been speculated by "The Guardian" John Patterson that the prop may have been constructed from a skinned rabbit or a lamb's fetus. The child has been seen as a precursor to elements of other Lynch films, such as John Merrick's make-up in 1980's "The Elephant Man" and the sandworms of 1984's "Dune".
During production, Lynch began experimenting with a technique of recording dialogue that had been spoken phonetically backwards and reversing the resulting audio. Although the technique was not used in the film, Lynch returned to it for "Episode 2", the third episode of his 1990 television series "Twin Peaks". Lynch also began his interest in Transcendental Meditation during the film's production, adopting a vegetarian diet and giving up smoking and alcohol consumption.
Post-production.
Lynch worked with Alan Splet to design the film's sound. The pair arranged and fabricated soundproof blanketing to insulate their studio, where they spent almost a year creating and editing the film's sound effects. The soundtrack is densely layered, including as many as fifteen different sounds played simultaneously using multiple reels. Sounds were created in a variety of ways—for a scene in which a bed slowly dissolves into a pool of liquid, Lynch and Splet inserted a microphone inside a plastic bottle, floated it in a bathtub, and recorded the sound of air blown through the bottle. After being recorded, sounds were further augmented by alterations to their pitch, reverb and frequency.
After a poorly received test screening, in which Lynch believes he had mixed the soundtrack at too high a volume, the director cut twenty minutes of footage from the film, bringing its length to 89 minutes. Among the cut footage is a scene featuring Coulson as the infant's midwife, another of a man torturing two women—one again played by Coulson—with a car battery, and one of Spencer toying with a dead cat.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack to "Eraserhead" was released by I.R.S. Records in 1982. The two tracks included on the album feature excerpts of organ music by Fats Waller and the song "In Heaven", written for the film by Peter Ivers. The soundtrack was re-released on August 7, 2012, by Sacred Bones Records in a limited pressing of 1,500 copies. The album has been seen as presaging the dark ambient music genre, and its presentation of background noise and non-musical cues has been described by Pitchfork Media's Mark Richardson as "a sound track (two words) in the literal sense".
Themes.
"Eraserhead" sound design has been considered one of its defining elements. Although the film features several hallmark visuals—the deformed infant and the sprawling industrial setting—these are matched by their accompanying sounds, as the "incessant mewling" and "evocative aural landscape" are paired with these respectively. The film features several constant industrial sounds, providing low-level background noise in every scene. This fosters a "threatening" and "unnerving" atmosphere, which has been imitated in works such as David Fincher's 1995 thriller "Seven" and the Coen brothers' 1991 comedy "Barton Fink". The constant low-level noise has been perceived by James Wierzbicki in his book "Music, Sound and Filmmakers: Sonic Style in Cinema" as perhaps a product of Henry Spencer's imagination, and the soundtrack has been described as "ruthlessly negligent of the difference between dream and reality". The film also begins a trend within Lynch's work of relating diegetic music to dreams, as when the Lady in the Radiator sings "In Heaven" during Spencer's extended dream sequence. This is also present in "Episode 2" of "Twin Peaks", in which diegetic music carries over from a character's dream to his waking thoughts; and in 1986's "Blue Velvet", in which a similar focus is given to Roy Orbison's "In Dreams".
The film has also been noted for its strong sexual themes. Opening with an image of conception, the film then portrays Henry Spencer as a character who is terrified of, but fascinated by, sex. The recurring images of sperm-like creatures, including the child, are a constant presence during the film's sex scenes; the apparent "girl next door" appeal of the Lady in the Radiator is abandoned during her musical number as she begins to violently smash Spencer's sperm creatures and aggressively meets his gaze. David J. Skal, in his book "The Monster Show: A Cultural History of Horror", has described the film as "depict human reproduction as a desolate freak show, an occupation fit only for the damned". Skal also posits a different characterization of the Lady in the Radiator, casting her as "desperately eager for an unseen audience's approval". In his book "David Lynch Decoded", Mark Allyn Stewart proposes that the Lady in the Radiator is in fact Spencer's subconscious, a manifestation of his own urge to kill his child, who embraces him after he does so, as if to reassure him that he has done right.
As a character, Spencer has been seen as an everyman figure, his blank expression and plain dress keeping him a simple archetype. Spencer displays a pacifistic and fatalistic inactivity throughout the film, simply allowing events to unfold around him without taking control. This passive behavior culminates in his sole act of instigation at the film's climax; his apparent act of infanticide is driven by his life of being domineered and controlled. Spencer's inactivity has also been seen by film critics Colin Odell and Michelle Le Blanc as a precursor to Lynch's 1983–92 comic strip "The Angriest Dog in the World".
Release.
Box office.
"Eraserhead" premièred at the Filmex film festival in Los Angeles, on March 19, 1977. On its opening night, the film was attended by twenty-five people; twenty-four viewed it the following evening. However, Ben Barenholtz, head of distributor Libra Films International, persuaded local theater Cinema Village to run the film as a midnight feature, where it continued for a year. After this, it ran for ninety-nine weeks at New York's Waverly Cinema, had a year-long midnight run at San Francisco's Roxie Theater from 1978 to 1979, and achieved a three-year tenure at Los Angeles' Nuart Theatre between 1978 and 1981. The film was a commercial success, grossing $7 million in the United States. "Eraserhead" was also screened as part of the 1978 BFI London Film Festival, and the 1986 Telluride Film Festival.
Home media.
"Eraserhead" was released on VHS on August 7, 1982, by Columbia Pictures. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray by Umbrella Entertainment in Australia; the former was released on August 1, 2009, and the latter on May 9, 2012. The Umbrella Entertainment releases include an 85-minute feature on the making of the film. Other home media releases of the film include DVD releases by Universal Pictures in 2001, Subversive Entertainment in 2006, Scanbox Entertainment in 2008, and a DVD and Blu-ray release by The Criterion Collection in September 2014.
Reception.
Upon "Eraserhead" release, "Variety" offered a negative review, calling it "a sickening bad-taste exercise". The review expressed incredulity over the film's long gestation and described its finale as unwatchable. Comparing "Eraserhead" to Lynch's next film "The Elephant Man", Tom Buckley of "The New York Times" felt that while the latter was a well-made film with an accomplished cast, the former was not. Buckley called "Eraserhead" "murkily pretentious", and felt that the film's horror aspects stemmed solely from the appearance of the deformed child rather than from its script or performances. Writing in 1984, Lloyd Rose of "The Atlantic" felt that "Eraserhead" demonstrated that Lynch was "one of the most unalloyed surrealists ever to work in the movies". Rose described the film as being intensely personal, finding that unlike previous surrealist films, such as Luis Buñuel's 1929 work "Un Chien Andalou" or 1930's "L'Age d'Or", Lynch's imagery "isn't reaching out to us from his films; we're sinking into them". In a 1993 review for the "Chicago Tribune", Michael Wilmington described "Eraserhead" as unique, feeling that the film's "intensity" and "nightmare clarity" were a result of Lynch's attention to detail in its creation due to his involvement in so many roles during its production. In the 1995 essay "Bad Ideas: The Art and Politics of Twin Peaks", critic Jonathan Rosenbaum felt that "Eraserhead" represented Lynch's best work. Rosenbaum felt that the director's artistic talent declined as his popularity grew, and contrasted the film with "Wild at Heart"—Lynch's most recent feature film at that time—saying "even the most cursory comparison of "Eraserhead" with "Wild at Heart" reveals an artistic decline so precipitous that it is hard to imagine the same person making both films".
Twenty-first century critical opinion of the film is widely positive. "Eraserhead" holds an average rating of 91% on review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, representing the distillation of forty-three reviews, with the critical consensus "David Lynch's surreal Eraserhead uses detailed visuals and a creepy score to create a bizarre and disturbing look into a man's fear of parenthood." Writing for "Empire" magazine, Steve Beard rated the film five stars out of five. He felt that it was "a lot more radical and enjoyable than later Hollywood efforts" and highlighted its mix of surrealist body horror and black comedy. The BBC's Almar Haflidason awarded "Eraserhead" three stars out of five, describing it as "an unremarkable feat by [Lynch's later standards". Haflidason felt that the film was a gathering of loosely related ideas, adding that it is "so consumed with surreal imagery that there are almost limitless possibilities to read personal theories into it"; the reviewer's own take on these themes were that they represented a fear of personal commitment and featured "a strong sexual undercurrent". A reviewer writing for Film4 rated "Eraserhead" five stars out of five, describing it as "by turns beautiful, annoying, funny, exasperating and repellent, but always bristling with a nervous energy". The Film4 reviewer felt that "Eraserhead" was unlike most films released to that point, save for the collaborations between Luis Buñuel and Salvador Dalí; however, Lynch denies having seen any of these before "Eraserhead". Writing for "The Village Voice", Nathan Lee praised the film's use of sound, writing "to see the film means nothing—one must also "hear" it". He described the film's sound design as "an intergalactic seashell cocked to the ears of an acid-tripping gargantua".
"The Guardian" Peter Bradshaw similarly lauded the film, also awarding it five stars out of five. Bradshaw considered it to be a beautiful film, describing its sound design as "industrial groaning, as if filmed inside some collapsing factory or gigantic dying organism". He highlighted the film's body horror elements, comparing it to Ridley Scott's 1979 film "Alien". Keith Phipps, writing for AllRovi, also gave the film a rating of five stars out of five; he highlighted the disturbing sound design of the film and described it as "an open metaphor". He felt that "Eraserhead" "sets up the obsessions that would follow through his career", adding his belief that the film's surrealism enhanced the understanding of the director's later films. In an article for "The Daily Telegraph", film-maker Marc Evans praised both the sound design and Lynch's ability "to make the ordinary seem so odd", considering the film an inspiration on his own work. A review of the film in the same newspaper compared "Eraserhead" to the works of Irish playwright Samuel Beckett, describing it as a chaotic parody of family life. Manohla Dargis, writing for "The New York Times", called the film "less a straight story than a surrealistic assemblage". Dargis felt that the film's imagery evoked the paintings of Francis Bacon and the Georges Franju 1949 documentary "Blood of the Beasts". "Film Threat" Phil Hall called "Eraserhead" Lynch's best film, believing that the director's subsequent output failed to live up to it. Hall highlighted the film's soundtrack and Nance's "Chaplinesque" physical comedy as the film's stand-out elements.
Legacy.
In 2004, "Eraserhead" was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry by the United States Library of Congress. Selection for the Registry is based on a film being deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant". "Eraserhead" was one of the subjects featured in the 2005 documentary "", which charted the rise of the midnight movie phenomenon in the late 1960s and '70s; Lynch took part in the documentary through a series of interviews. The production covers six films which are credited as creating and popularizing the genre; also included are "Night of the Living Dead", "El Topo", "Pink Flamingos", "The Harder They Come", and "The Rocky Horror Picture Show". In 2010, the Online Film Critics Society compiled a list of the 100 best directorial débuts, listing what they felt were the best first-time feature films by noted directors. "Eraserhead" placed second in the poll, behind Orson Welles' 1941 "Citizen Kane".
Lynch collaborated with most of the cast and crew of "Eraserhead" again on later films. Frederick Elmes served as cinematographer on "Blue Velvet", 1988's "The Cowboy and the Frenchman", and 1990's "Wild at Heart". Alan Splet provided sound design for "The Elephant Man", "Dune", and "Blue Velvet". Jack Fisk directed episodes of Lynch's 1992 television series "On the Air" and worked as a production designer on 1999's "The Straight Story" and 2001's "Mulholland Drive". Coulson and Nance appeared in "Twin Peaks", and made further appearances in "Dune", "Blue Velvet", "Wild at Heart", and 1997's "Lost Highway".
Following the release of "Eraserhead", Lynch attempted to find funding for his next project, "Ronnie Rocket", a film "about electricity and a three-foot guy with red hair". Lynch met film producer Stuart Cornfeld during this time. Cornfeld had enjoyed "Eraserhead" and was interested in producing "Ronnie Rocket"; he worked for Mel Brooks and Brooksfilms at the time, and when the two realized that "Ronnie Rocket" was unlikely to find sufficient financing, Lynch asked to see some already-written scripts to consider for his next project. Cornfeld found four scripts that he felt would interest Lynch; on hearing the title of "The Elephant Man", the director decided to make it his second film.
While working on "The Elephant Man", Lynch met American director Stanley Kubrick, who revealed to Lynch that "Eraserhead" was his favorite film. "Eraserhead" also served as an influence on Kubrick's 1980 film "The Shining"; Kubrick reportedly screened the film for the cast and crew to "put them in the mood" that he wanted the film to achieve. "Eraserhead" is also credited with influencing the 1990 Japanese cyberpunk film "", the experimental 1990 horror film "Begotten", and Darren Aronofsky's 1998 directorial debut "Pi". Swiss surrealist H. R. Giger cited "Eraserhead" as "one of the greatest films had ever seen", and said that it came closer to realizing his vision than even his own films. According to Giger, Lynch declined to collaborate with him on "Dune" because he felt Giger had "stolen his ideas".

</doc>
<doc id="36814247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814247" title="Mölders">
Mölders

Mölders is a German name. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36814253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814253" title="Santa Cruz Civic Auditorium">
Santa Cruz Civic Auditorium

The Santa Cruz Civic Auditorium is an event and convention venue located in downtown Santa Cruz, California. It is owned by the City of Santa Cruz and is located at 307 Church Street. Opened in 1940, it was built in what was described as "mission style in architecture with a modern touch and an arrangement of open porches on the corners and sides." Its style has also been described as Art Deco. It is the home of the Santa Cruz County Symphony as well as other concerts, expos, conferences, and sporting events. A carillon was installed in 1963.
The Civic Auditorium was the site of the annual Miss California beauty pageant until 1985, when the pageant left Santa Cruz after years of protests and a "Myth California" counterpageant organized by local feminist activists led by Ann Simonton and Nikki Craft. In 1956, it was the location of a rock and roll concert that drew national attention after the local police stopped the event because of what they characterized as the dancers' "suggestive, stimulating and tantalizing motions". The auditorium was used as a temporary shelter for displaced and homeless people following the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake.

</doc>
<doc id="36814254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814254" title="Sousan Hajipour">
Sousan Hajipour

Sousan Hajipour Goli (, born 28 September 1990 in Babol) is an Iranian taekwondo practitioner. She competed in the 67 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated by Carmen Marton in the preliminary round.

</doc>
<doc id="36814288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814288" title="Jack McLeod (rugby league)">
Jack McLeod (rugby league)

Jack McLeod is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country.
Playing career.
McLeod played for Taranaki and Auckland.
While at the Manukau club, McLeod was selected for the New Zealand Kiwis in 1937, playing against Australia. He toured Australia with New Zealand in 1938 however no test matches were played on the tour.
Four days after the 1937 test, McLeod was part of the New Zealand Māori side that defeated Australia 16-5.
Legacy.
In 2008 he was named in the Taranaki Rugby League Team of the Century.

</doc>
<doc id="36814319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814319" title="Grand Parade, Cork">
Grand Parade, Cork

Grand Parade (Sráid an Chapaill Bhuí in Irish), is one of the main
streets of Cork city, Ireland. It runs from South Mall in the south to St. Patrick's Street/Daunt Square in the north, with intersections with Oliver Plunkett Street, Tuckey Street, Washington Street, Augustine Street and a number of pedestrian only lanes in between. The Irish name of the street, Sráid an Chapaill Bhuí, comes from a time when there was a statue of King George II on horse-back at the junction with South Mall. The location of this statue is now occupied by the national monument 
History.
Grand Parade was originally a channel of the River Lee. The original Hiberno-Norse settlement of Cork grew up on its west bank. 
The river channel existed until at least 1690, when it is shown on a map of Cork. At this time, the east bank was still largely undeveloped, with only a bowling green shown in the area.
By 1726, buildings had developed on the east bank, but the river channel remained in place. In a 1774 map, the northern portion of the street between Oliver Plunkett Street and Daunt Square had been reclaimed, but the southern portion was still a dock. Finally, by 1801, the river channel had completely disappeared and the street was fully present.
Modern Times.
Grand Parade's relative importance as a commercial street in Cork has slipped in recent years. To an extent this is because of new commercial developments, such as Opera Lane and Merchant's Quay Shopping Centre, which have moved the commercial heart of the city closer to the eastern end of St Patrick's Street. Also a factor is that many of the properties on the north-eastern corner of the street have been left empty because of site assembly for a commercial development, which is now indefinitely postponed because of the aftermath of the Irish property bubble.
The street still has a large number of commercial properties, with retail being most common at the northern end of the street and offices more common at the southern end. It has an entrance to the English Market on its eastern side.
Other notable features on the street are Cork's main library and Bishop Lucey Park, both of which are on the western side of the street.

</doc>
<doc id="36814344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814344" title="Supreme Leader of Iran">
Supreme Leader of Iran

The Supreme Leader of Iran (, ', lit. Guardian Jurist of Iran, or , ', lit. Leader of the Revolution) is the head of state and highest ranking political and religious authority in the Islamic Republic of Iran. The post was established by the constitution in accordance with the concept of Guardianship of the Islamic Jurists. The title ""Supreme"" Leader (Persian: , "vali-e faghih") is often used as a sign of respect; however, this terminology is not found in the constitution of Iran, which simply referred to the "Leader" ("rahbar"). 
The leader is more powerful than the President of Iran and appoints the heads of many powerful posts in the military, the civil government, and the judiciary. Originally Iran's constitution stated that the Leader must be a "Marja'-e taqlid", the highest ranking cleric and authority on religious laws in Usuli Twelver Shia Islam. However in 1989, the constitution was amended to require simply Islamic "scholarship" of the leader, i.e. the leader could be a lower ranking cleric.
In its history, the Islamic Republic has had two Supreme Leaders: Ruhollah Khomeini, who held the position from 1979 until his death in 1989, and Sayyed Ali Khamenei, who has held the position since Khomeini's death.
The Supreme Leader is elected and supervised by the democratically elected Assembly of Experts. Also, the declaration of war and peace is to be made by the Supreme Leader together with a two third majority of the Parliament.
Mandate and Status.
The Supreme Leader is elected by the Assembly of Experts (, "Majles-e Khobregan"), which is also in charge of overseeing the Leader and confirming him in his position for a term of 8 years without prohibition to the number of terms. 
The Leader is the Commander in Head of the armed forces and the provisional Chief of the three branches of Government (the Judiciary, the Legislature, and the Executive). 
He appoints (or inaugurates) and oversees the following office 
Also the declaration of war and peace is to be made by the Supreme Leader together with a two third majority of the Parliament Majles.
Incorporation in the Constitution.
1979.
In March 1979, shortly after Khomeini’s return from exile and the overthrow of Iran's monarchy, a national referendum was held throughout Iran with the question "Islamic Republic, yes or no?". Although some groups objected to the wording and choice and boycotted the referendum, 98% of those voting voted "yes". Following this landslide victory, the constitution of Iran of 1906 was declared invalid and a new constitution for an Islamic state was created and ratified by referendum during the first week of December in 1979. The new constitution has been called a "hybrid" of "theocratic and democratic elements" with much of it based on the ideas Khomeini presented in his work "" ("Hukumat-e Islami"). In it Khomeini argued that government must be run in accordance with traditional Islamic "sharia", and for this to happen a leading Islamic jurist ("faqih") must provide political "guardianship" ("wilayat" or "velayat") over the people. The leading jurist were known as "Marja'."
The Constitution stresses the importance of the clergy in government, with Article 4 stating that “all civil, criminal, financial, economic, administrative, cultural, military, political, and all other statutes and regulations (must) be keeping with Islamic measures;…the Islamic legal scholars of the watch council (shura yi nigahban) will keep watch over this.” and the importance of the Leader. Article 5 states 
“during the absence of the removed Twelfth Imam (may God hasten his reappearance) government and leadership of the community in the Islamic Republic of Iran belong to the rightful God fearing… legal scholar (Faqih) who is recognized and acknowledged as the Islamic leader by the majority of the population.” 
Article 107 in the constitution mentions Ayatollah Khomeini by name and praises him as the most learned and talented leader for emulation ("marja-i taqlid"). The responsibilities of the Supreme Leader are vaguely stated in the constitution, thus any ‘violation’ by the Supreme Leader would be dismissed almost immediately. As the rest of the clergy governed affairs on a daily basis, the Supreme Leader is capable of mandating a new decision as per the concept of Vilayat-e Faqih. (Halm, 120-121)
1989.
Shortly before Khomeini's death a change was made in the constitution allowing a lower ranking Shia cleric to become Leader. Khomeini had had a falling out with his successor Hussein-Ali Montazeri who disapproved of human rights abuses by the Islamic Republic such as the mass execution of political prisoners in late summer and early autumn 1988. Montazeri was demoted as a marja and Khomeini chose a new successor, a relatively low-ranking member of the clergy, Ali Khamene'i. However Article 109 stipulated that the leader be `a source of imitation` (Marja-e taqlid). Khomeini wrote a letter to the president of the Assembly for Revising the Constitution, which was in session at the time, making the necessary arrangements to designate Khamene'i as his successor, and Article 109 was revised accordingly. "Khomeini is supposed to have written a letter to the Chairman of the assembly of Leadership Experts on 29.4.89 in which he emphasised that he had always been of the opinion that the marja'iyat was not a requirement for the office of leader.
Supreme Jurisconsult (Velayat-e faghih ولایت فقیه).
The constitution of Iran combines concepts of both democracy and theocracy, theocracy in the form of Khomeini's concept of "vilayat-e faqih" (guardianship of the jurist), as expressed in "Islamic Republic". According to Khomeini, guardianship by Islamic jurists was not restricted to orphans or mental incompetents, but applied to everyone in absence of the twelfth Imam. Jurists were the only rightful political/governmental leaders because "God had commanded Islamic government" and "no one knew religion better than the ulama" (Islamic clergy). They alone would preserve "Islamic order" and keep everyone from deviating from "the just path of Islam". Prior to the revolution observant Shia Muslims selected their own leading faqih to emulate (known as a "Marja'-i taqlid") according to their own decision making. The “congregation rather than the hierarchy decided how prominent the ayatollah was” thus allowing the public to possibly limit the influence of the Faqih.
After the revolution Shia Muslims (or at least Iranian Shia) were commanded to show allegiance to the current "vali-e faghih", guardian jurist or Leader. In this new system, the jurist oversaw all governmental affairs. The complete control exercised by the Faqih was not to be limited to the Iranian Revolution because the revolution and its Leader had international aspirations. As the constitution of the Islamic Republic states, it 
intends to establish an ideal and model society on the basis of Islamic norms. ... the Constitution provides the necessary basis for ensuring the continuation of the Revolution at home and abroad. In particular, in the development of international relations, the Constitution will strive with other Islamic and popular movements to prepare the way for the formation of a single world community (in accordance with the Koranic verse `This your community is a single community, and I am your Lord, so worship Me` and to assure the continuation of the struggle for the liberation of all deprived and oppressed peoples in the world.
According to author Seyyed Vali Nasr, Khomeini appealed to the masses, during the pre-1979 period, by referring to them as the oppressed and with charisma and political ability was tremendously successful. He became a very popular role model for Shiites and hoped for the Iranian Revolution to be the first step to a much larger Islamic revolution, transcending Shia Islam, in the same way that Vladimir Lenin and Leon Trotsky wanted their revolution to be a world revolution not just a Russian one.
Functions and duties of the Supreme Leader.
According to Article 110 of the Constitution, the Duties and Powers of the Leader are

</doc>
<doc id="36814362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814362" title="Guinier–Preston zone">
Guinier–Preston zone

A Guinier–Preston zone, or GP-zone, is a fine-scale metallurgical phenomenon, involving early stage precipitation.
GP-zones are associated with the phenomenon of age hardening, whereby room-temperature reactions continue to occur within a material through time, resulting in changing physical properties. In particular, this occurs in several aluiminium series, such as the 6000 and 7000 series alloys.
Physically, GP zones are extremely fine-scaled (on the order of 3–10 nm in size) solute enriched regions of the material, which offer physical obstructions to the motion of dislocations, above that of the solid-solution strengthening of the solute components. In 7075 aluminium for example, Zn–Mg clusters precede the formation of equilibrium MgZn2 precipitates.

</doc>
<doc id="36814391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814391" title="Delphia Yachts">
Delphia Yachts

Delphia Yachts is a yacht manufacturer based in Olecko, Poland. Delphia Yachts was established in 1990 by brothers Piotr and Wojciech Kot. With a production of more 150 units per year it is Poland’s largest manufacturer of sailing boats. In June 2012 Delphia Yachts acquired "Maxi yachts" of Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="36814402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814402" title="Wolverhampton Riot, 1835">
Wolverhampton Riot, 1835

The 1835 Wolverhampton Riot was an outbreak of violence upon the occasion of a hotly contested county by-election to the House of Commons of the United Kingdom during Wednesday and Thursday, May 26–27, 1835. The magistrates, asserting that a dangerous mob has formed, which was assaulting electors and damaging property, called in the dragoons. The soldiers, under the command of one Captain Manning, fired on the mob who had retreated to the cemetery and wounded four of them, including three boys. One of the wounded, who had received a shot in the knee, had his leg amputated.
The riot received great attention in the time and was the subject of a discussion in the House of Commons and of a special inquiry, which cleared the soldiers and magistrates of blame. It is not clear to this day whether their actions were indeed warranted by the situation on the ground. At any rate, the riot illustrates the high level of social tension in the English towns of that period. In fact, it was compared at the time to analogous earlier riots in Bristol and Manchester.
Background.
The Wolverhampton by-election was held after the passage Reform Act of 1832. One candidate was the Whig politician Colonel Anson, an experienced MP and the brother of the Earl of Lichfield who had a large following in the area. The other candidate was Sir Francis Goodricke (1797-1865), a Tory.
While the non-electors of the town were predominantly of Radical persuasion, the electors were more evenly divided between Whig and Tory supporters. The tense campaign quickly grew violent on the first day of polling, with the mob allegedly assaulting those electors who voted or intended to vote for the Tory candidate. In some cases, electors claimed that they were prevented from voting and bodily assaulted. In other cases, they were beaten after casting their votes. This sort of carrying on was not uncommon in English elections of this time, but the actual extent of the disturbances was later hotly disputed in the House of Commons.
Arrival of the troops.
After the polling was completed for the first day, a mass of Anson's supporters surrounded Goodricke's campaign headquarters in the Swan Inn and threw some stones at the windows. The town magistrates, who considered the situation to be quickly getting out of hand, in part owing to the lack of sufficient police (there were a small number of untrained special constables on hand, who could or would dare do little in the face of the mob), called in a troop of the 1st Dragoons that had been stationed nearby, per an earlier request by the magistrates.
Once the soldiers had arrived, the Riot Act was read by one of the magistrates and the soldiers almost immediately fired at the mob which had by now moved to the cemetery. Four people were shot. Later, the soldiers charged the crows, dealing out blows with the flat sides of their swords.
Controversy.
A number of widely divergent accounts of the events were given and it seems impossible to fully reconcile them. The critics also alleged that instead of the customary one hour, only five minutes were given to the crowd to disperse after the reading of the Riot Act.
Death of a soldier's horse.
All sides agree that the proximate cause for the soldier's charge on firing and the crowd was the death of one of the soldiers' horses. However, the accounts substantially differ on what actually happened to the cause. According to one version, the horse was killed by a stone thrown by the mob - showing that the soldiers were provoked. According to another account, the soldiers first charged the crown and the horse fell during the charge. A third version, offered in Parliament by ?? was that the horse was stabbed by a short knife, once again partially vindicating the soldiers' conduct. However, it is possible that the horse was accidentally stabbed by a sword drawn by one of the soldiers.
Role of the soldiers.
Another source of contention was the subsequent dispersal of the soldiers into small group of twos and threes. According to one position (voiced for example by Sir G. Hardinge), this was a highly irregular measure, as the soldiers were no longer under the control of the officers and could engage in wanton acts of cruelty. Others had alleged that this dispersal was necessary to patrol the town and to re-establish public order.
Aftermath.
Sir F. Goodricke actually won the election and sat for two years in Parliament (not standing for re-election in 1837). During that time he never rose to speak.

</doc>
<doc id="36814456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814456" title="Mycena atkinsoniana">
Mycena atkinsoniana

Mycena atkinsoniana is a species of agaric fungus in the Mycenaceae family. It is one of the so-called "bleeding mycenas" that will ooze yellow to orange juice when injured. Other distinguishing features include the upper stem surface that is decorated with tiny purplish-brown fibers, and the gills, which are pale yellow with maroon edges. The reddish-brown caps are smooth with a grooved margin, and up to wide. "Mycena atkinsoniana" is known from the United States and Canada, where it grows scattered or in groups on leaf litter in forests during the summer and autumn. It was originally described from collections associated with beech, but it is also frequently found under eastern North American oaks.
Taxonomy.
The species was first described in 1935 as "Mycena fagicola" by American mycologist Alexander H. Smith, based on specimens that he collected the previous year in Cross Village, Michigan. The naming, however, was illegitimate, as it had been previously used by Camille Grognot (as "Mycena fagicola" Grogn. apud Roumeguère published in 1885), so Smith changed the specific epithet to "atkinsoniana" in his 1947 monograph on North American "Mycena" species. Smith credited George Francis Atkinson with one of the early collections of the fungus in his 1935 species description. "Mycena" specialist Rudolph Arnold Maas Geesteranus agreed with Smith's decision to change the epithet, concluding that although Grognot's name was a "nomen nudum" (written without an adequate description), he conceded that "the possibility cannot be excluded that one day some overlooked 19th century booklet or exsiccatum will turn up containing a description".
Description.
The cap is broad, initially obtuse to convex, later becoming broadly umbonate. Eventually the cap flattens, sometimes with the disc (the central region of the cap) slightly depressed. The cap margin initially touches the stem; as it expands it becomes somewhat wavy. The extreme margin is marked by small lines, grooves or ridges when the cap is moist. The cap is initially covered with white powdery granules, but this later sloughs off to leave a smooth surface. The disc is brownish when young, but soon develops reddish tones; older specimens are bay to Isabella, with lighter-colored margins. The flesh is buff-colored, and oozes an orange-yellow juice when cut. The gills have an adnate attachment to the stem. They have a close to moderately crowded spacing, with between 23 and 26 gills reaching the stem. The gills are narrow to moderately broad, chamoisee when young, somewhat darker in age, with edges that are maroon, and either crenulate (finely scalloped) or even. The stem is long, 2–3 mm thick, and more or less equal in width throughout. The stem base is rooted among the leaves and debris, and the base is covered with short stiff hairs pressed flat against the surface. Its surface is covered sparsely with minute purplish brown fibrils. The stem is dull reddish brown overall, but the color fades near the top. When mushroom tissue is cut or injured, it oozes a dull reddish-brown juice or, in old specimens, a dull orange juice. "M. atkinsoniana" mushrooms have no distinctive taste or odor.
The spores are narrowly to broadly ellipsoid, amyloid (staining black to blue-black in Melzer's reagent), and measure 7–9 by 4–5 μm. The basidia (spore-bearing cells) are four-spored and measure 28–30 by 6–7 μm. Cheilocystidia are plentiful, and arranged so as to form a sterile band on the edge of the gill. Measuring, they are narrowly fusoid (tapered at each end), smooth, and have dark reddish contents. The pleurocystidia (cystidia on the gill face) similar in appearance to the cheilocystidia but far less abundant. Gill tissue is yellowish to very faintly vinaceous-brown when stained with iodine. The tissue of the cap consists of several layers. The outer surface comprises a thin cuticle made of narrow hyphae filled with dark-reddish material. Underlying this layer this is a region of vesiculose (swollen like a bladder) cells, while the remainder of the cap tissue consists of narrower woolly hyphae. Both layers of tissue beneath the cuticle will stain very faintly vinaceous-brown in iodine; the stem tissue, in contrast, stains dark vinaceous-brown in iodine.
Similar species.
The "bleeding" will distinguish "Mycena atkinsoniana" from most other "Mycena" species commonly encountered. The common and widely distributed "M. sanguinolenta" is another "bleeder", but it is smaller than "M. atkinsonia", with a cap diameter ranging from . Additionally, it has distantly spaced gills and a stem that is the same color as the cap, and a dark red juice. "M. atkinsoniana" is also similar in stature to "M. pelianthina" (a non-bleeding species), but several field characteristics distinguish "M. pelianthina", including a radish-like odor and taste, a purplish to lilac-colored cap, and purple-gray gills with dark purple edges.
Habitat and distribution.
The fungus is saprobic, and so derives nutrients from breaking down dead plant material, such as leaves, bark, needles, and twigs, that has fallen to the ground. Fruit bodies are usually found growing in groups or scattered on leaf litter in beech and beech-hemlock forests during the summer and autumn, although it has been recorded growing on lawns. It is also often found under eastern North American oaks. The distribution includes the US states Connecticut, New York, Ohio, Michigan, and Vermont. It has also been collected in Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="36814462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814462" title="Elephant King">
Elephant King

Elephant King is a 2012 album by Trace Bundy. This 2-disc set includes a full-length studio CD and a full-feature live DVD.
Track listing.
01. Elephant King
02. Joy & Sorrow
03. Traverse
04. Tres Capos
05. Timepiece
06. Adventures in Sawyerland
07. Be Still
08. Overtime
09. Bongolo
10. Coronation
11. Anchor
01. Elephant King
02. Bongolo
03. Traverse
04. Tiny Lolf's Journey
05. Overtime
06. Joy & Sorrow
07. Hot Capo Stew
08. Dueling Ninjas
09. Becca and the Blue Capo

</doc>
<doc id="36814484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814484" title="Gautam Kaul">
Gautam Kaul

Gautam Kaul is a John C. and Sally S. Morley Professor of Finance in the Ross School of Business, University of Michigan.
Kaul has published widely in top finance journals and was awarded the Senior Faculty Research Award in 2003 for sustained, exceptional, and continuing contributions to scholarly research in the field of business, and noteworthy contributions to building and maintaining a strong research environment at RSB.
Kaul is also involved in University of Michigan Social Venture Fund helping new innovative businesses create a greater social impact.

</doc>
<doc id="36814513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814513" title="Bridge between Madison and Mahoning Townships">
Bridge between Madison and Mahoning Townships

The Bridge between Madison and Mahoning Townships is a historic concrete arch bridge located at Madison Township and Mahoning Township in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1895, and is a solid spandrel two-span bridge. It crosses Mahoning Creek.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="36814517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814517" title="Kozmik Krooz'r">
Kozmik Krooz'r

"Kozmik Krooz'r, originally known as Kapt. Krooz'r" is an arcade video game developed by Bally Midway and released in 1982.
"Kozmik Krooz'r" is a shoot 'em up game, in which players guide Kapt. Krooz'r to a rotating mothership at the top of the playfield, one which can only be entered when its tractor beam is operational. Players can also shoot enemies in one of eight directions and deflect firepower during their journey. Every fifth round there is a bonus round where Kapt. Krooz'r must pick up space junk.
The cabinet design was unique for its time, as the mothership is not stored as part of the game's graphics. The spaceship is a physical plastic "toy". A series of mirrors projects the mothership just above the game's monitor, giving a much sharper and smoother image as it rotates than what could be achieved on the hardware at the time. Very few "Kozmik Krooz'r" cabinets were manufactured, making a working copy of the game very rare.
"Kozmik Krooz'r" was not released for home systems, though was included in the 2004 release of "Midway Arcade Treasures 2". Here the mothership is represented by 3D polygons. The character, "Kapt. Krooz'r" also features in the arcade game sequel, "Wacko".

</doc>
<doc id="36814559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814559" title="Colwell Cut Viaduct">
Colwell Cut Viaduct

Colwell Cut Viaduct, also known as Hogback Hill Bridge, is a historic concrete arch bridge located at Mahoning Township in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1922, and is a three-span bridge, with a main span. It crosses the Pittsburg and Shawmut Railroad.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="36814583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814583" title="Güme, Mut">
Güme, Mut

Güme is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated in Toros Mountains to the north of Mut. It is a high village which is also a yayla (resort) for Mut citizens during the summer . The distance to Mut is and to Mersin is . The population of the village is 504 as of 2011. The village is an old village and it was founded during the Karamanoğlu beylik era. The main economic activity of the village is animal breeding. Agriculture and beehiving are other activities. Apple is the main agricultural crop.

</doc>
<doc id="36814592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814592" title="List of compositions by Kalevi Aho">
List of compositions by Kalevi Aho

This is a list of compositions by Kalevi Aho.

</doc>
<doc id="36814593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814593" title="Fakırca, Mut">
Fakırca, Mut

Fakırca is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated to the east of Göksu River and to the northwest of Mut. The distance to Mut is and to Mersin is . The population of the village is 437 as of 2011. Main economic activity of the village is agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="36814594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814594" title="928th Airlift Wing">
928th Airlift Wing

The 928th Airlift Wing is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the Twenty-Second Air Force, based at O'Hare Air Reserve Station, Illinois. It was inactivated on 1 July 1997
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population.
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group comprised a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments.
As a result, the 928th Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The group was one of three C-119 groups assigned to the 403d TCW in 1963, the others being the 927th Troop Carrier Group, at Selfridge AFB, Michigan and the 929th Troop Carrier Group at Davis Field, Oklahoma.
In 1963, it moved US troops to the Dominican Republic and airlifted Christmas gifts destined for US servicemen in Vietnam. After a period of uncertainty in 1970, was re-designated a Tactical Airlift Group and reassigned to the 440th TAG at Billy Mitchell Field, Wisconsin, although remaining at O'Hare. Received newer C-130A Hercules and in 1978 responded to a severe weather emergency in New England, flying equipment and supplies into several areas after severe blizzards brought life on the coast to a standstill. in 1979 started a regular rotation with other Reserve and National Guard units that took them to Panama to support the operations of the U.S. Southern Command. Rotations to the Central American country lasted 2–3 weeks at a time.
Was upgraded to first-line C-130H transports during the 1980s, retiring the first-generation C-130As. Elements of the Group were part of Operations Desert Shield in 1990 and Desert Storm in 1991. Aircraft, flight crews, maintenance specialists and a variety of support specialists deployed to operating locations in several Persian Gulf States where they provided airlift support to U.S. and coalition military forces.
In 1994 was expanded to a Wing level. Took part in Operation Uphold Democracy (Haiti) and Operation Safe Borders (support of U.S. Army forces in Honduras). .
BRAC93 shut down the Air Force Reserve presence at O'Hare in 1997, the Wings C-130 aircraft were reassigned to Air Force Reserve C-130 units at Dobbins ARB, Georgia and Peterson AFB, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="36814599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814599" title="Long Tan">
Long Tan

Long Tan and similar may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="36814603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814603" title="The Denial of the Historicity of Jesus in Past and Present">
The Denial of the Historicity of Jesus in Past and Present

Die Leugnung der Geschichtlichkeit Jesu in Vergangenheit und Gegenwart (English: The Denial of the Historicity of Jesus in Past and Present) was a 1926 book in German by Arthur Drews on Christ myth theory. 
The book is a historical review of some 35 major deniers of Jesus historicity (radicals, mythicists) covering the period 1780 – 1926, and was meant to be Drews’s response to Albert Schweitzer's "Quest of the Historical Jesus" of 1906. Drews’s book was in fact presented in the guise of ""Quest of the non-Historicity of Jesus"", with its own historical review of the key Jesus deniers.
Like Schweitzer, Drews, again, ignores the priority of Baron d'Holbach in publishing the first critical "Life of Jesus", with "Ecce Homo! – The History of Jesus of Nazareth, Being a Rational Analysis of the Gospels, (1770).
As Schweitzer erected himself as the champion of "historicists", Drews stood up in opposition as the champion of 
"radicals" and "Jesus historicity deniers". They were later labeled "mythicists" by the media, a name never used by Drews, but popularized in the early 1940s by the British writers A.D. Howell Smith, in his book "Jesus Not A Myth" (1942) and Archibald Robertson in his book "Jesus: Myth or History?" (1946). This new label was convenient in opposing "mythicists" versus "historicists". But "mythicism" is an ambiguous and confusing word that does not convey Drews's precise meaning of ""denial of historicity"", the negative Hegelian "antithesis" which comes only "after" the primary positive "thesis", ""advocacy of historicity"". Other derived wordings have been "non-historicists", "ahistoricists", "existence deniers", etc...
Although Drews was intellectually on the other side of the controversy over the historicity of Jesus from Albert Schweitzer, Hoffers notes that Drews "was temporarily a friend of Albert Schweitzer, the famous theologian and physician".
David Strauss and Bruno Bauer.
Drews gives the most prominent place to David Strauss, who reduced all the supernatural events of the New Testament stories to the role of myths; and to Bruno Bauer, the first professional scholar who "denied the historicity of Jesus", argued the "priority of Mark" as "inventor of the Gospel story" and the "fiction of Jesus's existence", rejected all of Paul's epistles as "non genuine", and emphasized the input of Greco-Roman ideas (especially the "Stoicism" of Seneca) in the New Testament documents. Both Strauss and Bauer were forced to abandon University life at a young age.
The five major Jesus Deniers who influenced Drews's "Christ Myth".
Among those Jesus deniers, Arthur Drews was especially influenced by the following thinkers: 
School of comparative history of religions.
Space is dedicated to the major advocates of the "School of (Comparative) History of Religions", flourishing in Germany ("Die Religionsgeschichtliche Schule") and the UK. Peter Jensen, the expert on Semitic Languages and Babylonian literature, in "Das Gilgamesch-Epos in der Weltliteratur", (Part I, 1906 & Part II, 1928) ["The Epic of Gilgamesh in World Literature"], had analyzed the "Epic of Gilgamesh", and found parallels in all later ANE myths, including the Hebrew Tanakh, Moses and Isaiah, thus impacting on the authenticity of the Christian Gospels and destroyed the unique character of the Jesus story. Alfred Jeremias (1864–1935), another expert in ANE languages and mythology, had published "The Epic of Gilgamesh" (1891) and advocated "panbabylonism", the thesis that sees the Ancient Hebrew stories directly derived from Babylonian mythology. The English summary (by Klaus Schilling) of "The Denial of the Historicity of Jesus" describes Jeremias's views:
The Dutch Radical School.
Drews was closely connected to what was called the school of Dutch “Radical Criticism”, which not only denied the existence of Jesus Christ, the authenticity of Paul's epistles, and also the very historicity of Paul. Drews reviews the inputs from the key scholars:
The attention to Drews and the Dutch School was revived by Hermann Detering and his Website, "Radikalkritik" in German and English.
Reviews of other historicity deniers.
Drews gives credit to the two French pioneers, Charles-François Dupuis and Comte de Volney, both imbued with an astral-mythical interpretation of Jesus and Christianity.
Drews does mention the broad impact of Ernest Renan (1823–1892), with his immensely popular Romanticist "Vie de Jesus" (1863, "Life of Jesus"), in implanting serious doubts among the bourgeoisie. But Drews is less impressed by Renan as a scholar than Schweitzer was, who had devoted a full chapter (13) to the French "theology historian", a space equal to that devoted to Bauer.
The prevailing term then was "radicalism", and Drews lends special attention to the adherents of Radicalism in Germany, the US, France, and England, and to a few other scholars, now less well remembered, but who made an insightful contribution in their time. Drews includes in his survey:
With the Dane Georg Brendes, Drews ends his review in 1925, establishing the first historical list of the key radical/mythicists. This list has been brought up to date and expanded by later writers.
Drew's conclusions on denial of Jesus' historicity.
In his final conclusions ("English summary" of the book, by Klaus Schilling), Drews emphasized that deniers (radicals, mythicists) "do not form a movement" (a so-called "denial party") trying to “unite” them against an entity called “Christianity”:
Drews describes the social consequences of a denial of historicity, and explains why so many theologians and secular researchers stick to historicity, though "the ahistoricity of Jesus is scientifically as sure as" that of Romulus and Remus, or the seven legendary kings of Rome. The consequences are generally underestimated.It is quite understandable that the "denial party" is unique only in that point the "non-historicity", "Ahistorizität", and otherwise offers "a variety of diverging explanations" denier has his own independent hypothesis. The church has done everything for 2000 years to "obscure and hide away the origins of Christianity", so that there’s no way to get any further without speculative hypotheses.
It is obvious that no serious researcher could claim the historicity of Jesus, unless it were the savior of the dominating religion of the prevailing culture. So there’s "nothing but Christian prejudice" which keeps even secular researchers from admitting non-historicity... added

</doc>
<doc id="36814613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814613" title="Kanberhüyüğü">
Kanberhüyüğü

Kamberhöyüğü is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated at in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) to the east of Tarsus and to the north of Turkish state highway . It is also a stop on railroad. Its distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of Kamberhöyüğü was 524 as of 2011. Kamberhöyüğü is known as the location of the clash during the War of Turkish Independence on 27 July 1920 in which French forces defeated local milita.

</doc>
<doc id="36814618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814618" title="Çiriştepe, Tarsus">
Çiriştepe, Tarsus

Çiriştepe is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of antiquity) to the east of Tarsus and between Turkish motorway and Turkish state highway . It is also a stop on railroad. Its distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of Çiriştepe was 196 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36814625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814625" title="Çamtepe, Tarsus">
Çamtepe, Tarsus

Çamtepe is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) to the northeast of Tarsus and between Turkish motorway and Turkish state highway . Its distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of Çamtepe was 292 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36814633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814633" title="Büyükkösebalcı">
Büyükkösebalcı

Büyükkösebalcı is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the peneplane area to the south of Taurus Mountains and to the north of Berdan Dam reservoir. Its distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of Büyükkösebalcı was 253 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36814637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814637" title="Yüksek, Tarsus">
Yüksek, Tarsus

Yüksek (or Yüksekköy) is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated at in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) to the east of Tarsus and to the south of Yenice, Tarsus. Its distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of Yüksek was 182 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36814650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814650" title="Journey into Light">
Journey into Light

Journey into Light is a 1951 American drama film directed by Stuart Heisler and starring Sterling Hayden.
Plot.
John Burrows, an ordained minister from a small village in the East, envisions himself with a larger congregation. He is mortified when his wife drunkenly interrupts a sermon, then despondent after her suicide.
Burrows travels to Los Angeles for a fresh start, but takes to the bottle himself and ends up arrested for public intoxication. A skid-row con man, Gandy, finds him a bed at a flop house, while a street preacher, Doc Thorssen, and daughter Christine take him to a local mission.
Christine is blind. She falls in love with Burrows, enjoying his discussions of the spirit and the soul but knowing little of his past. One day she is struck by a streetcar and knocked unconscious, causing Burrows to once again question his faith.
He ultimately accepts the Lord's will and is offered a better place to live and preach. Burrows decides he is better suited to the mission, with Christine by his side.

</doc>
<doc id="36814654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814654" title="KK Železničar">
KK Železničar

KK Železničar Inđija (Serbian Cyrillic: КК Железничар Инђија) is a professional basketball club from Inđija, Serbia. The club currently participates in the Basketball League of Serbia B.

</doc>
<doc id="36814661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814661" title="Herbert Lightfoot Eason">
Herbert Lightfoot Eason

Sir Herbert Lightfoot Eason CMG CB MS (15 July 1874 – 2 November 1949)) was an ophthalmic surgeon and Superintendent at Guy's Hospital, London, President of the General Medical Council, Vice Chancellor from 1935–1937 (and later Principal) of the University of London. He was knighted in 1943.
Early life.
He was educated at University College, London and Guy's Hospital, London.
War service.
During the First World War he was Lieutenant colonel in the RAMC and Consulting Ophthalmic Surgeon to Forces in the Mediterranean and Egypt from 1915–19.
Personal life.
He married first in 1908, Ierne Bingham (d 1917), the eldest daughter of 5th Baron Clanmorris and they had a daughter. He married, second, 1920, Margaret Wallace, of Quidenham, Attleborough, Norfolk and they had two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="36814662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814662" title="Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 5">
Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 5

Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 5 is a historic lock and dam complex located at Gilpin Township and South Buffalo Township in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania. It was built between 1920 and 1927 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers, and consists of the lock, dam, esplanade, and Operations Building. The lock measures 56 feet by 360 feet, and has a lift of 11.6 feet. The dam measures approximately 22 feet high and 632 feet long. The Operations Building, or powerhouse, is a utilitarian two-story building in a vernacular Moderne style. The lock and dam were built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as a part of an extensive system of locks and dams to improve navigation along the Allegheny River.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36814670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814670" title="Zerodha">
Zerodha

Zerodha is an Indian financial services company (member of NSE, BSE, MCX, MCX-SX) that offers retail and institutional broking and distribution, and currencies and commodities trading. Founded in 2010, the company is headquartered in Bangalore and has presence in nine Indian cities. It is also an official member of NSE's consultative committee for growing business.
"Discount broking" model.
The company claims to be "India's first discount brokerage", having debuted the "discount broking" model in India that is popular in developed countries. The model exempts customers from any broking charges on trades and transactions, and favours traders who take large futures and options provisions. Instead, a flat fee of a maximum of Rs: 20 is applied to a trade, irrespective of its size.
Corporate affairs.
Zerodha has a client base of 37,000 customers, and handles average daily turnovers of Rs: 3000 – 3500 crores in equities and Rs: 500 crores in commodities. The company offers commodities trading via its wholly owned subsidiary, Zerodha Commodities Pvt. Ltd.
Nithin Kamath, the founder and CEO, won the 2013 Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) Emerging Entrepreneur Award for pioneering and scaling the discount broking model in India with Zerodha.
Products.
ZITIR.
ZITIR (Zerodha Insider Trading Impact Rating) is a proprietary indicator developed by Zerodha that predicts the overall bullishness or bearishness of the stakeholders of a listed company. It continuously analyses the individual and collective insider trading patterns of listed Indian companies over long periods against individual and market performance to compute the impact rating. The indicator is expressed on a scale of -100 to 100, where -100 represents extremely bearish behaviour by the insiders, and 100, extremely bullish behaviour.
TradingQ&A.
TradingQ&A (Trading Questions and Answers) is an open, community driven question and answer portal by Zerodha. It features questions and answers generated from active user participation on a wide variety of topics in trading and markets. The portal works in a fashion similar to Stackoverflow, where questions and answers are voted up or down by users based on merit, and users earn points and "badges" for active participation.

</doc>
<doc id="36814685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814685" title="Marjory Mecklenburg">
Marjory Mecklenburg

Marjory E. Malo Mecklenburg (born 1935) is an American government administrator. She has served as an advisor for the Office of Technology Assessment and was appointed by Ronald Reagan to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, serving in the Office of Adolescent Pregnancy Programs and serving as Director of the Office of Population Affairs until 1985. 
She and her husband Fred Mecklenburg are prominent activists in opposition to legal abortion. She is a founder of the Minnesota Citizens Concerned for Life, American Citizens Concerned for Life, and has served as a leader of the National Right to Life Committee. 
Life and career.
Marjory Malo grew up in Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota, and she and her future husband were high school debating partners before marriage. She and her husband have four children, one of whom is Karl Mecklenburg, a former American football player for the Denver Broncos.
Mecklenburg was appointed by Ronald Reagan to Office of Adolescent Pregnancy Programs at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. She had previously served on an advisory panel for the Office of Technology Assessment investigating fertility planning technologies. Mecklenburg's tenure at the Office of Adolescent Pregnancy Programs focused on issues related to teenage pregnancy, specifically proposed Reagan administration policies requiring parental consent for minors seeking birth control. She later became Director of the Office of Population Affairs where she served until 1985. 
Opposition to abortion.
Mecklenburg and her husband became involved in the opposition to legal abortion in 1967. Mecklenburg served as president of the pro-life organization Minnesota Citizens Concerned for Life, succeeding her husband in that position.
In the 1980s, Marjory Mecklenburg served as president of the National Right to Life Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="36814686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814686" title="Dona Ganguly">
Dona Ganguly

Dona Ganguly (born Dona Roy) is an Indian Bengali Odissi dancer. She took her dancing lessons from Kelucharan Mohapatra. She has a dance troupe "Diksha Manjari". In 1997 she eloped with and married her childhood friend and later Indian cricketer and skipper Sourav Ganguly. The couple has a daughter named Sana.
Personal life.
Dona Ganguly was born on August 22, 1976 in an affluent business family in Behala, Kolkata. Her parents were Sanjeev Roy (father) and Swapna Roy (mother). She was a student of Loreto Convent School.
She eloped with her childhood friend Sourav Ganguly, because families were sworn enemies at that time. Later their families accepted the marriage and a formal wedding took place in February 1997. The couple have a daughter Sana Ganguly.
Dancing career.
Dona Ganguly started learning dance from Amala Shankar when she was only 3 years old. Later she shifted to Odissi under the guidance of Guru Giridhari Nayek. Dona considers the most significant development took place when she met Kelucharan Mohapatra and started taking dancing lessons from him. At early stage of her career, in different programs, Mohapatra accompanied her many times with Pakhavaj.
Diksha Manjari.
Dona Ganguly has a dance school named "Diksha Manjari". This institution was inaugurated by Lata Mangeshkar. It has capacity of more than 2000 students. Other than dancing, this institution has other departments like Yoga, Drawing, Karate and Swimming.
In October 2012, Dona Ganguly choreographed Rabindranath Tagore's "Shapmochan" which Dona Ganguly called a sombre dance drama.

</doc>
<doc id="36814690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814690" title="Ruth Gbagbi">
Ruth Gbagbi

Ruth Gbagbi (born 7 February 1994 in Abidjan) is an Ivorian taekwondo practitioner. She competed in the 67 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics; she was defeated by Hwang Kyung-Seon in the preliminary round and eliminated by Helena Fromm in the repechage contest.

</doc>
<doc id="36814697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814697" title="John Holland (cricketer)">
John Holland (cricketer)

John Holland (7 April 1869 Acton, Cheshire, England - 22 August 1914 Bury, Lancashire, England) was a cricketer who played first-class cricket for Leicestershire and Lancashire between 1894-1902.

</doc>
<doc id="36814718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814718" title="The Quarters (2012 TV series)">
The Quarters (2012 TV series)

The Quarters (猪仔馆人家) is the fifth Malaysian production by MediaCorp Studios Malaysia. Filming began in September 2011 and took place in Muar, Johor, Malaysia and its rural surroundings. It debuted in Singapore on 3 September 2012.
The series is set during an era of samsui women, opium dens, pulled rickshaws and the laid back "kampung" lifestyle. It was also a time when waves of migrant workers and coolies from China settled in Singapore. Many of them were housed in large buildings such that as depicted by Zhu Zai House and multiple tenants would occupy a single room usually meant for one or two persons.
Synopsis.
Set during the 1940s, the story revolves around the lives of the tenants living in an old building called No.8 "Zhu Zai House" (八号猪仔馆), which was left behind by Bai Duchang to his three grandsons Jinchuan, Jinfeng and Jinhai. They share the large building with a number of tenants. Most are labourers and unskilled workers while a few such as Jinhai and his friend Luo Hanguo have had any sort of "book learning". As labourers and workers these tenants rarely have any free time so they make the most of it by sitting around to chat and gossip or play mahjong together. Hence they form a tightly-knit community.
Bai Duchang, whose name literally means "pomfret", is an irascible old man who came from a wealthy family whose fortunes took a downturn. His family has some bad history in the town and the temperamental Bai Duchang is unpopular with townsfolk. He dotes on the mentally handicapped Jinchuan and often scolds the sensible Jinhai for no reason at all. The naive Jinchuan is often the subject of mockery by some villagers due to his supposed low IQ. In reality, this was due to brain damage from the abuse he suffered at the hands of Japanese soldiers during the Japanese Occupation. His favouritsm towards Jinchuan infuriated Jinchuan's rebellious second brother Jinfeng, who moved out and rarely visits.
On the other hand, the good-natured Jinhai is well-liked by his neighbours and he would often tell them stories and folktales. He often ends up taking the backlash from villagers offended by his grandfather and finds himself in sandwiched in between his grandfather and estranged brother Jinfeng. During off-time, he finds solace in hanging out with his bosom friends Luo Hanguo and Liu Tianshui. The stingy Hanguo is one of the few residents who had some education and holds a white-collar job. The straight-talking Tianshui is a manual labourer and the least educated of the trio but is fiercely loyal to his friends.
In another side of town, the widowed Guan Chunlong has a pawn shop business. The Guans are much more Westernised than most villagers and extremely wealthy. His daughter Naidong has returned from university overseas for the holidays. As headstrong as she is pretty, Naidong detests her father for choosing a much younger woman and one who coincidentally was her old enemy in primary school. By chance, she meets Jinhai and later finds her way to Zhu Zai House. Inevitably, the two worlds collide and meet.
Unfortunately, disaster hits Zhu Zai House's inhabitants. Bai Duchang forced Jinfeng to give up his girlfriend to be married to Jinchuan but the grief-stricken bride committed suicide in their wedding chambers before the marriage was consummated. Later, Jinfeng gambled away his money and even lost Zhu Zai House's title deed in a bet. His creditors demand payment and threaten to sell off Zhu Zai House and evict its tenants. Shortly after, Bai Duchang died in his sleep and entrusted Zhu Zai House to a distraught Jinhai. Zhu Zai House is thrown into chaos. An olden phrase sheds light on kinship - blood is thicker than water. Can the bonds of family and common ancestry truly withstand the test of time?

</doc>
<doc id="36814719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814719" title="SBB-CFF-FFS Ae 8/14">
SBB-CFF-FFS Ae 8/14

The SBB-CFF-FFS Ae 8/14 is a class of electric locomotives built for Swiss Federal Railways to be used on the Gotthard railway. Only three prototype engines were built between 1931 and 1938, each of them in a different design.
The steep 2.7% grades of the Gotthard Railway are challenging for the railroad operation. In the 1920s the trains became so heavy that the power and the traction of one locomotive became insufficient and so costly double-heading or splitting of the train over the mountain was required. The Multiple-unit train control was at that time emerging and not yet a reliable working system. 
The idea was to introduce double-locomotives with eight axles and a weight of 250 tons. These locomotives could pull the trains directly from Zurich or Lucern over the Gotthard and Monte Ceneri to Chiasso. This eliminated the stops for adding and removing additional locomotives in Erstfeld or Biasca, so that shorter travel times would be possible. 
First two prototypes with the numbers 11801 and 11851 were built to evaluate the best suited drive system. A few years later a third prototype 11852 was built, which was quite similar to 11851 but with increased traction power.
Design.
All Ae 8/14 were double-locomotives with eight driving axles and six idlers. The running gear was built for 100 kph so that the locomotives could be used for passenger trains. At the beginning all locomotives had special devices fitted which could mechanically transfer weight from the idlers on the driving axles by slightly lifting the idlers with pneumatic cylinders. These equipment was abolished in the 1950s. All engines has originally no driver's seats, that means that the engineer had to operate the engine in upright position.
11801.
This 1931 built locomotive had one Buchli drive per driving axle very similar to the SBB Ae 4/7. The drive was installed on the right side of each car body when looking in the direction of the driver's cab. The locomotive had a traction power of 5514 kW and was used in revenue service till 1975. It is now a preserved fully functional historic engine in the SBB-fleet. The traction power was reduced to 5408 kW to avoid damages to the equipment.
11851.
The 11851 was built in 1932. The car body was similar to 11801 but the driving wheels were smaller and the axles were driven by double-motors with an SLM universal drive. The power was increased to 6070 kW. The locomotive was equipped with driver's seats during a refurbishment in 1961. The resulting cabs were now quite similar to those of SBB Ae 6/6. The locomotive was removed from revenue service in 1976 and later scrapped in Biasca.
11852.
The 11852 was an improved version of 11851. The running gear and the drives were the same as in 11851 but the car body was built in new light weight technology and with a new futuristic streamline design. The locomotive became very famous in Switzerland since it was shown off on the Swiss National Exhibition 1939, where it showed the capabilities of the Swiss industry and supported the spiritual defence of the Swiss Nation during World War II. The locomotive was therefore nicknamed "Landi-Lok", where "Landi" stays for the short form of "Landesausstellung" (German for "Swiss National Exhibition") and "Lok" as short form of "Lokomotive" (German for "locomotive"). The 11852 had 8170 kW traction power and was therefore for a long time the most powerful locomotive in the world. In revenue operation it became quickly obvious that the traction force could not be used completely since the couplers of the rail cars were at that time too weak. 
In 1971 the locomotive got damaged in an electric fire while driving through the Gotthard tunnel. The damages were so severe that a repair would not have been economic. The outside of the locomotive was cosmetically refurbished and the locomotive was shown for years in front of the Swiss Transport Museum, but is now shown inside the museum.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="36814723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814723" title="Ivan Karayotov">
Ivan Karayotov

Ivan Dimitrov Karayotov () is an Bulgarian archaeologist and historian who studied ancient and medieval archaeology and history. 
Since 1972 he works at the Regional Museum of Burgas.

</doc>
<doc id="36814743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814743" title="Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 6">
Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 6

Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 6 is a historic lock and dam complex located at Bethel Township and South Buffalo Township in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania. It was built between 1927 and 1928 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers, and consists of the lock, dam, esplanade, Operations Building, and two locktenders' houses. The lock measures 56 feet by 360 feet, and has a lift of 12.4 feet. The dam measures approximately 20 feet high and 992 feet long. The Operations Building, or powerhouse, is a utilitarian two-story building in a vernacular early-20th century revival style. The locktenders' houses are identical two-story, brick dwellings on concrete foundations. The lock and dam were built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as a part of an extensive system of locks and dams to improve navigation along the Allegheny River.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36814748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814748" title="Heine Totland">
Heine Totland

Heine Totland (born 16 October 1970 in Moster, Bømlo, Norway) is a Norwegian singer and has featured in several prominent productions, like "State", "Gli Scapoli", Silje Nergaard, the musical "Sophies verden", "Køhn/Johansen Sextet", among others.
Career.
Totland was educated at the Music Colledge at Stord, and Liszt akademy in Budapest. Since 1995, he has been a professional artist living in Oslo. With his classical background, he was one of the initiators of the male vocal group "Gli Scapoli". He has played the leading parts in a number of musicals: Twice as Judas, twice as Jesus in "Jesus Christ Superstar", as Marius in a highly successful staging of "Les Miserables" as Freddy Trumper, and The American in "Chess". The Norwegian audience has absolutely embraced the all round entertainer, and over the recent two years he has become one of the most popular sought for singers in Norway, actively performing all over the country, as well as internationally. In 2009 he was Harry in the play "Mama Mia" on "Det nye det Folketeatret".
Totland has made several appearances over the last years, among them on the official TV show celebrating Norway’s 100 years anniversary in 2005, different TV galla shows, he performed in Angola, Dubai, at the outdoor 100th anniversary celebration of Hydro in Oslo, and at the "Royal Castle". 
Totland released his first solo album "Tough Times for Gentlemen" and it went into the Norwegian Top 20 pop charts. Together with a bouquet of the best songwriters in Norway, namely Hans Petter Aaserud, Silje Nergaard, Geir Luedy, Sigurd Køhn, and others, he has composed ten original songs, arranged for brass and strings and with a balancing between jazz and pop. The album is produced by Geir Luedy and Hans Petter Aaserud. "Tough Times for Gentlemen" was released in Germany in 2007.
Totland has toured with Gisle Børge Styve, known from "Beat for Beat" at NRK, which showed off when they performed the popular presentation of "Bohemian Rhapsody" in "Beat for Beat". His first solo album "Tough Times for Gentlemen" was released in 2005, and the next album "The Sunny Side" in 2009.
Private life.
He is married to Silje Nergaard and lives at Ekeberg in Oslo. They have two daughters together.

</doc>
<doc id="36814749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814749" title="Judith de Nijs">
Judith de Nijs

Judith de Nijs (sometimes spelled de Nys; born 22 April 1942) is a Dutch swimmer. After setting a European record in the 400 m medley event in 1961 she shifted to marathon swimming and was ranked world No. 1 in 1964–1968 and 1970. For her achievements she was inducted to the International Marathon Swimming Hall of Fame.
Biography.
Judith de Nijs was born in Hilversum. Together with her elder sister Lenie she trained under the famous Dutch coach Jan Stender, and both became record-breaking swimmers. Judith first specialized in the 400 m medley and set a European record in this event in 1961. She then shifted to longer distances and become the national champion in the 1500 m freestyle in 1962. 
Since about 1962 she started competing in marathon swimming. This way, she became a professional swimmer and earned prize money for the races she won. From 1964, when the point system was introduced to marathon swimming, to 1968, as well as in 1970, she was ranked world No. 1. In 1969, she became the second Dutch woman (after Mary Kok) to swim across the English Channel.
On 17 January 1968 de Nijs married the water polo player Bob van Berkel and changed her name to Judith van Berkel-de Nijs. They have a daughter and a son, water polo player Robert van Berkel. She remained competitive swimmer through the 1980s–2000s, winning national titles in senior categories in 1988–2001, 2005, 2007 and 2009 (3–4 km freestyle).
International competitions.
Note, that in the 1960s, women and men competed together in marathon races.

</doc>
<doc id="36814754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814754" title="Ernest Meysey-Thompson">
Ernest Meysey-Thompson

Ernest Claude Meysey-Thompson (18 February 1859 – 28 February 1944) was a British Army officer and Liberal Unionist Party (later Conservative Party) politician. He sat in the House of Commons from 1906 to 1922 as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Handsworth.
Early life.
Meysey-Thompson was the sixth son of Sir Henry Meysey-Thompson (later 1st Baron Knaresborough) and his wife Elizabeth, the daughter of Sir John Croft, Bt. He was educated at Eton College and at Trinity College, Cambridge. He joined the army, becoming an officer in the Yorkshire Hussars in 1894.
In 1894, he married Alice Joicey, the daughter of John Joicey, a coalmine-owner and former MP from County Durham.
Political career.
At the 1900 general election, he contested the Buckrose division of the East Riding, where he lost by 91 votes (1.2%) to the Liberal candidate Luke White.
However, his father retired from the Commons at the Dissolution of Parliament in January 1906, was raised to the peerage as Baron Knaresborough. As a member of the House of Lords he was disqualified from the House of Commons. At the general election later that month, Ernest stood for his father's old constituency of Handsworth in Staffordshire. He held the seat with a majority of 4,771 votes (21.6%) over his Liberal Party opponent Herbert Leon, a former MP for Buckingham. He was re-elected at both the January and December elections in 1910. 
During World War I he commanded a brigade of the Royal Field Artillery from 1914 to 1916.
The Liberal Unionists had merged with the Conservative Party in 1912, and at the 1918 general election Meysey-Thompson was re-elected as a Coalition Conservative. He stood down from Parliament at the 1922 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="36814758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814758" title="Ravivarman Kulaśēkhara">
Ravivarman Kulaśēkhara

Ravivarman (1266-1314), complete royal title Rāja Śri Ravivarman, Kulaśēkhara Perumāl, Samgrāmadhīra, Trkshatra Cudāmani, Vēgavati Nātha) was the ruler based in Vēnāṭu (Quilon), southern India between 1299-1314. He was a descendant of the Cēras (Perumāls) through his father Jayasimhadēva and was the son-in-law of the Pāndya ruler of Māravarman Kulaśēkhara. Ravivarman controlled large parts of south India for short period (1311-1314) by skilfully taking advantage of the weakening of the Pāndya kingdom and the Khaljī raids. Ravivarman paid a particular attention on the improvement of the port city Kollam/Kolamba (modern Quilon).
He is the last Vēnāṭu ruler came to the throne according to the patrilineal system of royal succession, for from the accession of the next ruler till the time of the last ruler of Travancore the matrilineal law of inheritance decided royal succession.
Background.
Vēnāṭu is the region lying between Trivandrum and Quilon in present day southern Kērala with its capital at latter place. It emerged as an independent kingdom after the decline of the Cēra (Perumāls) power in early 12th century.
In the 13th century, the Pāndyas of Madurai established their hegemony over Vēnāṭu Cēras. Pandya rulers such as Māravarman Kulaśēkhara (1268-1310) seem to have led a military expeditions against Vēnāṭu and captured the capital city Quilon. The ruler of Vēnāṭu (under the Pandyas) during this period was Jayasimhadēva (Dēśinga) ("fl." 1266-67). He probably expanded his kingdom to the whole of present day Kērala. His queen Uma/Umma Dēvi, of the Kūpaka (Attingal) family, was a joint ruler with her husband. His death at Qulion signaled the outbreak of a long and disruptive civil war in Vēnāṭu between his sons and his nephews.
According to the Sanskrit inscriptions (in Grantha characters) at Ranganathasvamy Temple, Srirangam Ravivarman was born in the Saka year 1188 (as given in chronogram dehavyapya) corresponding to 1266-67 AD. Ravivarman, the son of Jayasimhadeva and Uma Dēvi, was a major contender to throne after the death of his father. Like other princes in the royal family, he was educated privately. He was adopted by the childless queen Āvani Amma of Āttingal. Ravivarman came out successful in the civil war and ascended the throne of Quilon in 1299 (at the age of 33). For more than a decade, he ruled as a vassal under the Pāndya ruler Māravarman Kulaśēkhara, as is evidenced by the Trivandrum inscription in which he uses the Pāndya title "Māravarma" along with his name. He is also known to have married a daughter of the Pāndya ruler.
Raids to Madurai and Kānci.
When Māravarman Kulaśēkhara died in 1310, Ravivarman "declared" independence from the Pāndyas. He also began to count count his regnal years afresh from 1310. Thus the Tiruvati inscription of the Kali year 4414 (1313-14) may be seen to co-incide with the fourth regnal year of Ravivarman. The civil war between princes Sundara and Vīra Pāndya (legitimate and illegitimate sons respectively of Māravarman Kulaśēkhara) and the confusion created by the Khaljī general Malik Kāfūr’s south Indian expedition (1311) helped Ravivarman in his ambitions. The distracted political conditions in Pāndya kingdom gave him an admirable opportunity to plan raids to territories east of the Western Ghats.
He raided the Pāndya kingdom and defeated the armies of prince Vīra Pāndya twice, assuming control over his realm. He also defeated the brother of Vīra Pāndya. Soon the entire Pāndya regions came under Ravivarman. The military garrisons established in the region by Malik Kāfūr were expelled by him in the process. He established supremacy over most of the region between Cape Comorin and Madras, and as far north as Nellore. He performed his coronation at the Pāndya capital Madurai (1312) and then continued his triumphant march, reaching Tiruvati in December 1313. He is also known to have performed a second coronation at the Cōla capital Kānci in the early months of 1314 after defeating the effete Cōlas (at the age of 46, as per the inscription at Varadarajaswami temple, Kanchi). He crowned himself as the Tribhuvana Cakravarti - the ruler of Cēra, Cōla and Pāndya kingdoms.
But, Ravivarman's hold over Kānci was only short-lived and his aggressive activities were arrested by the Kākatīya ruler, Pratāparudra II. The Kākatīya army under the command of Muppidi Nāyaka (Dēvari Nāyaka) marched to Kanci, and captured the city. The Cera ruler ceded some of the conquered territory to the Warangal. The Kakatiyas penetrated to further south and probably in alliance with the Hoysalas, defeated and reduced the last remnants of the Pandya power. There is also assumption that Kanci was captured from the Chera ruler by the Pandyas, before being defeated by the Kakatiyas.
There is a Telugu inscription (in Grantha script, dated in Saka 12) of Kākatīya king Pratāparudra Dēva in Śrīraṅgam. It states that while Pratāpadēva was ruling from Oruṅgallu, his commander Dēvari Nāyaka marched with an army to the south against the Five Pāṇḍyas, defeated Vīra-Pāṇḍya and the Malayāḷa king Kulaśēkhara at Tiruvadikuṇḍram and established Sundara-Pāṇḍya at Vīradhāvaḷam. The village Tiruvadikuṇḍram may be identified with Tiruvadikunram in the Ginjee taluk of the South Arcot district.
Ravivarman died in 1314 at Quilon due to natural causes. He was followed by his nephew, Udaya Marttānda Varma (1314-1344), who seems to have ruled only in Travancore. Soon after Ravivarman's death, Kērala became a conglomeration of warring chieftains, among which the most important were Calicut (now Kōlikkōṭu) in the north and Vēnāṭu in the south.
The Sanskrit-Tamil inscriptions of Ravivarman can be found at Kanchipuram, Tiruvadi (South Arcot), Srirangam, Thiruppankili (Tiruppaṅgili in Trichinopoly district), Poonamallee near Chennai, Salaigramam in Trivandrum.
Cultural contributions.
Apart from his military brilliance, Ravivarman is also noted for his services in the field of religion, arts and trade. His court attracted scholars and authors such as Samudrabandha (the commentator of the works of Alankarasarvaswa) and Kavi Bushana. He also claims to be a talented musician and author. He wrote the famous Sanskrit drama "Pradymnabhyudayam" specifically for the purpose of being staged in the Sri Padmanābha Swāmi temple in Travancore.
Under Ravivarman, his homeland Vēnāṭu attained a high degree of economic prosperity and social progress. The famous port city Quilon developed into the premier port on the west coast.

</doc>
<doc id="36814787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814787" title="Multifocal intraocular lens">
Multifocal intraocular lens

Multifocal and Accommodating intraocular lenses are artificial intraocular lenses (IOLs) that are designed to provide simultaneous focus of distance and near objects in contrast to monofocal intraocular lenses which only have one focal point and correct distance vision. The issue of restoring accommodation following cataract surgery or through refractive lens exchange is becoming an increasingly important topic in ophthalmology.
Intraocular lenses that correct presbyopia are divided into two main categories:

</doc>
<doc id="36814821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814821" title="Trujillo metropolitan area (Peru)">
Trujillo metropolitan area (Peru)

The Trujillo Metropolitan Area is the name used to refer to the metropolitan area whose core is the city of Trujillo, capital La Libertad Region, this metropolitan area located on the north coast of Peru, extends over an area of approximately 110,000 has and comprises nine of the eleven districts that make up the province of Trujillo. According to population statistics of INEI, It is the second most populous metropolitan area of Peru.
History.
Trujillo, years ago separated from the other localities by the" wall" Trujillo, is now fully expanded to the four cardinal points of the ancient wall fragments are only historically preserved. However, Trujillo has been influential to nearby cities for decades, having great interaction with them. The urban integration of some of these towns to the metropolis has led its growth. An aerial photograph from the satellite shows a single urban area where it is difficult to distinguish the boundaries of Trujillo and its conurbation metropolitan districts, virtually separated only administratively.
Planning.
The Planning of Peruvian metropolitan areas are made, by the government of municipalities of each city, with authority granted by Organic Law of Municipalities, and they have the support of an expert office for urban planning with specific functions. Wherefore officially valid data about districts conformation for metropolitan areas in Peru are those issued by official documents issued and validated by the respective municipal governments of each city under the law that local governments are autonomous political, economic and administrative matters within its jurisdiction and its powers according to the law of municipalities, an attribution of these is to approve the urban development plan.
Extent and structure.
The metropolitan area of Trujillo occupies a territory whose length is approximately 110,000 hectares, and comprises the lower Moche Valley or Valle de Santa Catalina and Intervalles to Chicama valley to the north and the Viru Valley southward with its central theme the irrigation project Chavimochic.
Population.
According to PLANDET, agency of the Municipality of the city, Metropolitan Trujillo is comprising the so-called "Trujillo Urban Continuum" formed by the districts of Trujillo, El Porvenir, Florencia de Mora, La Esperenza and Victor Larco Herrera, and the sector El Milagro of Huanchaco District, as well as all urban and rural settlements in the valley of Santa Catalina, the Moche river basin, which correspond to the districts of Huanchaco, Laredo, Moche and Salaverry, organized as a unit of planning.
Sources: Population 2007
Population by districts.
In the following table of population distribution can be seen the demographic evolution of Trujillo metropolitan by districts.

</doc>
<doc id="36814851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814851" title="Makar Honcharenko">
Makar Honcharenko

Makar Mykhaylovych Honcharenko (), (April 5, 1912, Kiev, Russian Empire - April 1, 1997, Kiev, Ukraine) was a Soviet-Ukrainian football player and coach. During his career, he played as a forward for a number of clubs, but most noticeably for Dynamo Kyiv.
Biography.
Honcharenko was born in a poor working family. In order to help his family, he had to repair footwear early in his childhood. All his free time was dedicated to football.
His career started in 1929. when he started playing for a junior football team of the factory Kommunalnik. Then he played for a Dombalya tram factory team. After that he moved to ZhelDor, where he became a first choice player in 1931.
In the autumn of 1934 Sergey Bartminskiy, the former deputy of the Ukrainian SSR State Political Directorate forced Honcharenko to move to Ivanovo where he started playing for the local Dynamo. On the 3rd of August 1933 he participated in a match between Dynamo and Turkey national team. His team won 7-3. In the same year he played for RSFSR team and was named one the best 33 football players in USSR and the second best right winger. 
In 1934 he returned to Kyiv and started playing for Dynamo Kyiv. In 1935 he played for Kyiv city team in the USSR championship. After that he was called to the Ukrainian SSR team.
He played a football player in a film called The Goalkeeper, which was shot in 1936.
1938 was the best year of his career. Honcharenko was awarded The Best Scorer of the USSR football championship after he scored 19 goals in 24 matches, but was excluded from The best 33 USSR football players. 
The season 1939 was a failure - Honcharenko played in 23 games and scored only twice. After this season he left Dynamo for Lokomotiv Kyiv. In 1941 he moved to Spartak Odessa. He was able to play in only three times before the war came. 
During the Nazi occupation of Kyiv he lived with his mother-in-law and was a member of a sport society Rukh. The members of Rukh were loyal to the new government, which made it possible to work legally, receive rations, and, most importantly, to avoid being arrested and sent to Germany.
Soon he was found by Nikolai Trusevich and was offered a workplace at the bakery #1, where he was able to play for a factory football team Start Kyiv. 
In the June of 1942 Start was allowed to organise friendly games in Kyiv. Honcharenko was a part of the famous Death Match. Some time after he was arrested. First, he was held in a solitary confinement by the Gestapo, then, in September 1942 he was transferred to Syrets concentration camp. There along with M. Sviridovskiy he was repairing boots for German soldiers. 
In September 1943 he escaped from the camp and returned home, where his neighbours helped him to hide.
After the war he was inspected by NKVD and was allowed to join Dynamo Kyiv. 
In 1946 he played for Pischevik Odessa for one year, then he moved to Spartak Kherson where he retired.
After the retirement he worked as a coach in Odesa, Sumy, Lviv, Kherson and Kyiv. In 1962 he was appointed the manager of FC Avangard (Zhyoltyye Vody).
Remembrance.
In September 1964, the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR awarded Honcharenko the medal for military merit.

</doc>
<doc id="36814866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814866" title="Mother Riley Meets the Vampire">
Mother Riley Meets the Vampire

Mother Riley Meets the Vampire, also known as Vampire Over London or My Son the Vampire is a 1952 British comedy horror film directed by John Gilling, starring Arthur Lucan and Bela Lugosi that was filmed at Nettlefold Studios. 
This was the final film of the Old Mother Riley film series and did not feature Lucan's former wife and business partner Kitty McShane who he had divorced in 1951. 
In 1963, an recut American version called "My Son, the Vampire" was released, featuring an introductory segment with a song by American comedian Allen Sherman.
Plot.
Von Housen seeks to dominate the world from his headquarters in London with an army of 50,000 radar controlled robots powered by uranium. He believes himself to be a vampire and has several young women abducted, most recently Julia Loretti who has a map to a uranium mine that he needs for his army. 
At the moment, Van Housen only has one functional robot which is shipped to him and through a mistake is shipped to Old Mother Riley's store with Mother Riley's package sent to Van Housen. Seeing Mother Riley's address in the label, Van Housen sends his robot to abduct Mother Riley to his headquarters. 
Production.
On the suggestion of producer Richard Gordon, Bela Lugosi had travelled to England to appear in a stage play of "Dracula" which failed. He needed money to return to the US. Gordon persuaded fellow producer George Minter to use Lugosi in a movie in London. Arthur Lucan had made a number of Old Mother Riley movies and it was felt that Lugosi's presence in the cast might give it a chance of success outside England. 
Lugosi was paid $5,000 for his role. The plot was taken from "Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein".
Gordon says that although John Gilling was credited as producer, George Minter was the real producer. Filming took four weeks.
Richard Gordon recalled that there were plans to shoot additional scenes with Lugosi and without Arthur Lucan for the American market but the idea was never put into place.
Gordon also stated that the film emphasised that Lugosi's character was not a real vampire so it would get a U certificate allowing children, who were Old Mother Riley's biggest audience, to see it.
Release.
The film was not a success in the box office and was not released in the US until 1963.
It was to have been titled "Carry On, Vampire" for its later American early 1960s release but Anglo-Amalgamated successfully sued with the title changed to "My Son, the Vampire" as a tie in to Allen Sherman's "My Son, the Folksinger" hit comedy record.

</doc>
<doc id="36814868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814868" title="Radoje Đerić">
Radoje Đerić

Radoje Đerić (, born December 28, 1991 in Trebinje) is a Serbian rower. He represented Serbia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
He currently lives in Belgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="36814879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814879" title="Brian McMaster">
Brian McMaster

Sir Brian McMaster (born 9 May 1943) CBE in Hitchin is an English arts administrator.

</doc>
<doc id="36814888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814888" title="St Stephen's Church, Whelley">
St Stephen's Church, Whelley

St Stephen's Church, Whelley, is located in Balcarres Avenue, Whelley, Wigan, Greater Manchester, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Wigan, the archdeaconry of Warrington, and the diocese of Liverpool. Its benefice is united with that of St John, New Springs. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
History.
The first phase of the church was built between 1928 and 1930, the foundation stone being laid in November 1928, and the church being consecrated on 9 April 1930. It was designed by the Lancaster architect Henry Paley of Austin and Paley, and the church was built on land given by Lord Crawford. The first phase consisted of the east end of the church, and the first two bays of the nave and the aisles: this cost £9,863 (£ as of ). The church was completed in 1937–38, and a choir vestry was added, the cost of these additions being £5,253.
Architecture.
St Stephen's is constructed in red and brown sandstone with green slate roofs, and is in Free Perpendicular style. Its plan consists of a nave with a clerestory and a south porch, north and south aisles, a chancel with a canted east end, a south vestry, and a single gabled bellcote standing at right angles to the south side of the chancel. At the west end are broad buttresses, with a canted baptistry between them. The west window has four lights, the east window has five lights, and the clerestory windows have three lights. Pollard and Pevsner in the "Buildings of England" series comment that it is "an odd time" for the architect to be continuing to use the style of the practice during the 1880s. The two-manual pipe organ, the third to be installed in the church, was made in 1965 by J. W. Walker & Sons Ltd.
References.
Notes
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36814911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814911" title="Figure skating at the 1994 Winter Olympics – Men's singles">
Figure skating at the 1994 Winter Olympics – Men's singles

Men's single skating was contested between 17 and 19 February 1994. 25 skaters from 17 nations participated.
Results.
Note: In the short program, Gheorghe and Min tied for 16th, while Vlascenko and Oikawa tied for 21st

</doc>
<doc id="36814933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814933" title="Figure skating at the 1994 Winter Olympics – Ladies' singles">
Figure skating at the 1994 Winter Olympics – Ladies' singles

Ladies' single skating was contested between 23 and 25 February 1994. 27 skaters from 16 nations participated.

</doc>
<doc id="36814934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814934" title="Marcio Alves dos Santos">
Marcio Alves dos Santos

Marcio Alves dos Santos (born February 2, 1990) is a Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="36814946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814946" title="Nilan Bhotu">
Nilan Bhotu

Nilan Bhotu Valley is about 40 minutes drive from Pir Sohawa on the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KPK) side of Margalla Hills, roughly North-East of Islamabad, the capital city of Pakistan. The Chilla Gah of Hazrat Bari Imam is also located there with crystal clear water ponds full of Mahseer fish, but fishing is not allowed by the locals.
It is difficult to go there on car or motorbike. 

</doc>
<doc id="36814957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814957" title="Nicholas Arnold (disambiguation)">
Nicholas Arnold (disambiguation)

Nicholas Arnold (1507–1580) was an English courtier and politician.
Nicholas or Nick Arnold may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36814972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814972" title="Figure skating at the 1994 Winter Olympics – Pairs">
Figure skating at the 1994 Winter Olympics – Pairs

Pair skating was contested between 13 and 15 February 1994. 18 pairs from 10 nations participated.

</doc>
<doc id="36814983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814983" title="1993 Copa del Rey Final">
1993 Copa del Rey Final

The Copa del Rey 1993 Final was the 89th final of the King's Cup. The final was played at Estadio de Mestalla in Valencia, on 26 June 1993, being won by Real Madrid C.F., who beat Real Zaragoza 2–0.

</doc>
<doc id="36814985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814985" title="929th Troop Carrier Group">
929th Troop Carrier Group

The 929th Troop Carrier Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 433d Troop Carrier Wing, based at Davis Field, Oklahoma. It was inactivated on 1 July 1966
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population.
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments.
As a result, the 929th Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The group was one of three C-119 groups assigned to the 403d TCW in 1963, the others being the 927th Troop Carrier Group, at Selfridge AFB, Michigan and the 928th Troop Carrier Group at O'Hare International Airport, Illinois.
In 1963, it moved US troops to the Dominican Republic and airlifted Christmas gifts destined for US servicemen in Vietnam. Reassigned to the 433d TCW at Kelly AFB, Texas in 1964; the unit, however remained at Davis Field.
In November 1965, Defense Secretary Robert McNamara announced that the 929th Troop Carrier Group would be moved from Davis Field because the facility was inadequate for the Air Force’s newer transport jets. Instead of being moved, the unit was instead inactivated due to budget reductions caused by the cost of the Vietnam War. The closure which was completed the following June, affected 798 reservists, eight active-duty personnel and 181 civilians.

</doc>
<doc id="36814986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814986" title="Neelamana Madhavan Nampoothiri">
Neelamana Madhavan Nampoothiri

Dr. N.M. Nampothiri (born 17 April 1943 at Kizhakke Neelamana in Chengannur) is an Indian historian, a former college professor at Malayalam PG Centre- Sree Punnasseri Neelakanta Sharma Memorial Government Sanskrit Collage, Pattambi, Palakkad District, Kerala.
Previously he had worked at Christian College Chengannur (1964-1966), Government Brennen College, Tellicheri (1968-1970), Govt. Arts and Science College, Calicut (1970-1984), Government Evening College, Calicut (1985-1994), Government Sanskrit College, Pattambi (1994-1998).
For more than 35 years, he has been guiding scholars doing Ph.D., and supports many non-academic scholars for doing local history and other researches. He has visited Germany in 1993 to attend Hermann Gundert Conference held there.
He has participated in the two-day national seminar on `Rethinking Diamper: Religion, Canon, Polity and Society' held at Kochi on September 16 and 17 back in year 2006.
Mamankam, an ancient festival held once in every 12 years at Thirunavaya was re-enacted under his guidance in 1999. Later this attempt was appreciated by media including BBC.
Regarding the exact location of Muziris, N.M. Nampoothiri points out that it had not yet been conclusively established that Pattanam was the ancient port of Muziris.
In an interview with Asianet News in 2006, a Malayalam News Channel, he said the artifacts excavated so far from Pattanam does not prove the location is that of Muziris. His perspective on findings in Pattanam is that the excavated pottery sherds assures that they were here, but not assures there existed an ancient harbour.
According to Dr Roberta Tomber, of the British Museum, even if Muziris has been found, one mystery remains - just how it disappeared so completely in the first place. Muziris remains almost a mythical port, an ancient rendezvous for trade between Rome and southern India - but it appeared to have simply disappeared.
The sixth season of the Pattanam excavations which concluded before the onset of monsoon season in May 2012 found more pottery sherds from the site and attempts continue to identify the sherds.
List of Works.
Survey of stone inscriptions of Malabar, (Chera period an of later period) The work was initiated by Vallathol Educational Trust, Sukapuram in collaboration with Dr. M.R. Raghava varior, Epigraphist, University of Calicut.
Re-discovery of Zamorins archival materials of 15th to 20thcAD,was one of the major investigation. This followed a series of investigations to identify historical places, feudal families, families of occupational classes, places of cultural activities, etc. the records are preserved in Vallathol Educational Trust, Sukapuram, Kerala.
Tippu's Fort Dr. N.M. Nampoothiri Identified Tippu’s fort at Calicut (Feroke) and later Government of Kerala declared it as historical monument.
village to village heritage survey In October 2013 he said a survey will be executed with the help of college students under village to village heritage survey. 

</doc>
<doc id="36814987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814987" title="1983–84 Galatasaray S.K. season">
1983–84 Galatasaray S.K. season

The 1983–84 season was Galatasaray's 80th in existence and the 26th consecutive season in the 1. Lig. This article shows statistics of the club's players in the season, and also lists all matches that the club have played in the season.
1. Lig.
Matches.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"
Türkiye Kupası.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"
Friendly Matches.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"

</doc>
<doc id="36814988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36814988" title="The Laws of Australia – Encyclopedia">
The Laws of Australia – Encyclopedia

The Laws of Australia - Encyclopedia is an encyclopaedia of the laws of Australia. Published by Lawbook Co. (Westlaw), it is one of the two foremost legal encyclopaedias in Australia, the other being "Halsbury's Laws of Australia" by LexisNexis.
"The Laws of Australia", like other legal encyclopaedias, provide a summary on the current state of laws of Australia. Subjects are arranged systematically with case and statute law authorities which support legal propositions. 

</doc>
<doc id="36815000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815000" title="Miloš Vasić">
Miloš Vasić

Miloš Vasić (, born January 10, 1991 in Loznica) is a Serbian rower. He represented Serbia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
He currently lives in Belgrade. He is a member of Rowing club Partizan

</doc>
<doc id="36815002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815002" title="Mary Matha Church, Ollur">
Mary Matha Church, Ollur

Mary Matha Church is located at Ollur in Kerala, India.The church belongs to Syro-Malabar Catholic Archdiocese of Thrissur. According to rough figures there are around 700 Christian families under the church.
Mary Matha church comes under the administration of St. Anthony's Syro-Malabar Catholic Forane Church. The church is constructed very near to ollur junction which major suburban location in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="36815005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815005" title="Figure skating at the 1994 Winter Olympics – Ice dancing">
Figure skating at the 1994 Winter Olympics – Ice dancing

Ice dancing was contested between 18 and 21 February 1994. 21 dancing couples from 16 nations participated.

</doc>
<doc id="36815029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815029" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Conwy">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Conwy

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in the Conwy Area of Search (AoS).

</doc>
<doc id="36815030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815030" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Denbighshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Denbighshire

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in the Denbighshire Area of Search (AoS).

</doc>
<doc id="36815031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815031" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Flintshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Flintshire

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in the Flintshire Area of Search (AoS).

</doc>
<doc id="36815032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815032" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Gwynedd">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Gwynedd

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in the Gwynedd Area of Search (AoS).

</doc>
<doc id="36815034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815034" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Isle of Anglesey">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Isle of Anglesey

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in the Isle of Anglesey Area of Search (AoS).

</doc>
<doc id="36815035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815035" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Merthyr Tydfil">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Merthyr Tydfil

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in the Merthyr Tydfil Area of Search (AoS).

</doc>
<doc id="36815036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815036" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Neath Port Talbot">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Neath Port Talbot

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in the Neath Port Talbot Area of Search (AoS).

</doc>
<doc id="36815037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815037" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Pembrokeshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Pembrokeshire

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in the Pembrokeshire Area of Search (AoS).

</doc>
<doc id="36815038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815038" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Powys">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Powys

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in the Powys Area of Search (AoS).

</doc>
<doc id="36815039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815039" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Rhondda Cynon Taf">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Rhondda Cynon Taf

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in the Rhondda Cynon Taf Area of Search (AoS).

</doc>
<doc id="36815040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815040" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Swansea">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Swansea

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in the Swansea Area of Search (AoS).

</doc>
<doc id="36815041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815041" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Torfaen">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Torfaen

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in the Torfaen Area of Search (AoS).

</doc>
<doc id="36815042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815042" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Vale of Glamorgan">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Vale of Glamorgan

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in the Vale of Glamorgan Area of Search (AoS).

</doc>
<doc id="36815043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815043" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Wrexham">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Wrexham

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in the Wrexham Area of Search (AoS).

</doc>
<doc id="36815048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815048" title="The Grand (Ellsworth, Maine)">
The Grand (Ellsworth, Maine)

The Grand in Ellsworth, Maine is an Art Deco theatre and commercial building complex that was built in 1938. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 1, 2012.
An arsonist destroyed much of the Ellsworth business district in 1933. To assist in the economic recovery, the city built a new commercial block on Main Street. It was designed by Boston architects Krokyn & Brown. The design included five storefront spaces and what was initially a 730 seat theatre for movies.
It served as a movie theatre from 1938 to 1962. The theatre was purchased by a nonprofit in 1975 and was reopened for a benefit performance that year. It has since served as a performance hall for theatre, concerts, and Met Opera HD broadcasts, among other events.
Its importance justifying NRHP recognition has to do with "the theater’s place in downtown Ellsworth and its distinctive art deco architecture".

</doc>
<doc id="36815058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815058" title="Miljan Vuković">
Miljan Vuković

Miljan Vuković (, born January 10, 1990 in Belgrade) is a Serbian rower. He represented Serbia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Vuković is a member of Partizan Rowing Club.

</doc>
<doc id="36815070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815070" title="1960 World Men's Military Cup">
1960 World Men's Military Cup

The 1960 World Men's Military Cup was the fifteenth edition of the World Military Cup, the football military championship of the world. It was hosted by Oran, French Algeria. The format of competition was a championship in the final tournament.
Final Tournament.
Venues.
The tournament was held in Stade Henri Fouquès-Duparc. With a capacity of 40 000 spectators, it was at this time the biggest stadium of the French Algeria. Now it's called Stade Ahmed Zabana.

</doc>
<doc id="36815078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815078" title="Korean Communications Zone">
Korean Communications Zone

The Korean Communications Zone (often abbreviated to KComZ or KCOMZ) was a military formation created during the Korean War as an umbrella unit to oversea supply to United Nations forces fighting on the peninsular, as well as to deal with the problems created by large numbers of refugees and prisoners of war in the South.
Creation.
KComZ was formed in June 1952 as an amalgamation of the US 2nd and 3rd Logistical Commands, both of which had been previously co-ordinating supply operations in Korea.
Unit.
KComZ became operational on August 21, 1952.
Role.
KComZ became responsible for all logistics support to UN, US and Korean forces, political and economic relations with the South Korean government, operation of Korean National Railways and control of all POWs.
Unit insignia.
The most common unit insignia worn by KComZ personnel depicted an orange flame in a white bracket in the centre of a green shield. Another less common variant exists, also shaped like a shield but with the letters KCOMZ displayed diagonally in white on a green background.
Disbandment.
In July 1956 the unit was redesignated the Eighth U.S. Army Support Command, later redesignated the U.S. Army Area Command, and finally the 7th Logistical Command.

</doc>
<doc id="36815082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815082" title="Hannu Koistinen">
Hannu Koistinen

Hannu Koistinen (born 1966, Joensuu) is a Finnish kantele maker, founder and CEO of Koistinen Kantele. He is the son of the renowned kantele builder Otto Koistinen and the brother of Ritva Koistinen, a kantele artist and the founder of classical kantele education at Sibelius Academy. He started to work at his father’s workshop at the age of 7 and since 1989 he has been focusing on developing and modernising kanteles. 
In 1990-1993 Koistinen created the first modern 38-string concert kantele models. Based on Paul Salminen’s drawings from 1920s, the instruments however included many innovations such as new lever positions, fully open damper and new string measurements specially invented for the use in art music. The latter made it possible to produce wider dynamic range on the kantele than ever before. 
In 1993 two Koistinen’s instruments won a double-blind concert kantele test hold at musical instrument building school in Ikaalinen. This achievement made a start for his professional career as a kantele builder as well as helped create a strong brand vision for new kantele models. Since then Koistinen concert kanteles gained a respected position within kantele circles.
The first 39-string kantele which was built in 1995 is still used at Sibelius Academy. 
In 1999 Koistinen designed and built the first solid body electric kantele. A 39-string instrument supplied with 2 microphone systems, contact and magnetic, has opened an entirely new perspective of the kantele. The problem of audibility was now solved and the instrument could be incorporated in a band. Koistinen Electric 1 was featured in Finnish Design Yearbook 2006 along with the products by Marimekko and Iittala. 
In 2012 Koistinen Kantele was awarded with Rantasalmi Prize, a Finnish award in the area of wooden products. The award was given because of the remarkable improvement of the quality, sound and design of Finnish kantele and raise of the Finnish national instrument as a modern and high quality instrument of our time.
Among the kantele artists who have played Koistinen’s instruments are Timo Väänänen, Ritva Koistinen, Eva Alkula, Eija Kankaanranta, Senni Eskelinen, Olga Shishkina and others.
External links.
http://www.fimic.fi/fimic/fimic.nsf/0/83151485E4FEE8DFC225750C003D4EE2?opendocument

</doc>
<doc id="36815114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815114" title="Dynatoi">
Dynatoi

The dynatoi (, "the powerful") was a legal term in the Byzantine Empire used from the 10th century on, denoting the senior levels of civil, military and ecclesiastic (including monastic) officialdom, who usually, but not always, also commanded considerable fortunes and landed estates. Although such positions were not usually hereditary, by the late 10th and early 11th centuries they had started to become monopolized by a limited number of families who by the mid-11th century formed a hereditary aristocracy. 
Although the exact composition of the "dynatoi" class has been the subject of considerable scholarly debate (cf. Lemerle), in economic terms, it encompassed the wealthy land-owners as opposed to the middling and small landowners, the "penetes" (πένητες). The former were usually members of military families, who had been able to use their influence to grab up the extensive lands that had been abandoned, especially in Asia Minor, as the result of the invasions of the 7th and 8th centuries. As the Empire's military position recovered from the 9th century on, these lands became profitable again, and major provincial magnate families began to appear. Among the main examples are the Phokades and the Maleinoi, who almost monopolized the senior administrative and military posts in Asia Minor in the early and middle 10th century. The "dynatoi" were able to use their political and financial strength to enrich themselves at the expense of the "penetes", who had hitherto formed the main pillar of Byzantine society and economy. Consequently, several emperors from Romanos I Lekapenos (reigned 920–944) to Basil II (r. 976–1025) enacted agrarian legislation to combat the activities of the "dynatoi". Basil II in particular showed care to prevent the alienation of the "stratiotika ktemata", the military lands allocated to the maintenance of the thematic armies, and tried to check the "dynatoi" through the imposition of the "allelengyon" ("mutual guarantee") tax making them liable to pay the taxes of their poorer neighbours.
In the event, these efforts failed due to the rise of the provincial aristocracy, represented by the Komnenos dynasty, to power: in the 12th century, large "latifundia" spread throughout the countryside at the expense of smaller communities. The influence of the "dynatoi" reached its apogee in the Palaiologan period (1261–1453), and was marked by a concomitant decline in the authority of the central state government.

</doc>
<doc id="36815131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36815131" title="Bolbolenellus">
Bolbolenellus

Bolbolenellus is an extinct genus of trilobites, fossil marine arthropods, with five species attributed to it currently. It can be easily distinguished from all other trilobites by the combination of the absence of dorsal sutures in the head shield like all Olenellina (which in all other trilobite suborders assist in moulding by splitting open), and a distinctly bulbous frontal lobe (L4) of the raised axial area in the head (or cephalon) called glabella. The species lived at the end of the Lower Cambrian.
Etymology.
"Bolbolenellus" is the combination of Greek βολβός (bolbos, “plant with round swelling on underground stem”), and "Olenellus", the rather distantly related genus to which all of the species were previously assigned. This refers to the bulb-like swelling of the frontal lobe of the glabella. The names of the species have the following derivations. 
Description.
As with most early trilobites, "Bolbolenellus" has an only thinly calcified exoskeleton. Although most of the body is rather flat, the frontal lobe (L4) of the central area of the cephalon (or glabella) is prominent, bulbous (or subglobular), and may overlap the border at the front in dorsal view. It also shares crescent-shaped eye ridges, but these rise above the exoskeleton. As part of the Olenellina suborder, " Bolbolenellus " lacks dorsal sutures. Like all other members of the Olenelloidea superfamily, the eye-ridges spring from the back of the frontal lobe (L4) of the glabella. The posterior margin of cephalon is nearly straight or angles to the front (anterolaterally) on the outside of the intergenal spine or intergenal angle. The short genal spine protrudes opposite or posterior to the most backward side lobe of the glabella (or L1). There may be an intergenal spine. The frontal lobe of the glabella touches the border of the cephalon (or the preglabellar field is absent). The most backward tips of eye ridges (or ocular lobes) are approximately opposite occipital furrow. Although the third thorax) segment (or T3, this is counted from the headshield to the tailshield) has strongly enlarged side lobes (or pleurae), the spine on their end is not much enlarged compared to the spines of neighboring segments. The 14th segment carries an backward pointing axial spine that is approximately as long as the thorax axis. There seems to be no opistothorax.
Differences with some other Biceratopsinae.
Most other Biceratopsinae, i.e. "Biceratops nevadensis", "Emigrantia" and "Peachella" and to a lesser extend "Eopeachella" have effaced cephalic features. "Biceratops" lacks genal spines. In "Emigrantia" the genal spines are longer than the cephalon and attach halfway down its side (or lateral margin). "Peachella" has club-like genal spines. In "Nephrolenellus" the eye ridges extend outwards, the second pair of side lobes of the glabella are very narrow, the genal spines attach further to the front of the cephalon, T3 carries massive pleural spines, the axial spine on T14 is absent, and there is a prominent opistothorax.
Relations with other Biceratopsinae.
The closest relative of the six species of "Bolbolenellus" is the genus "Nephrolenellus". The other genera of the Biceratopsinae ("Biceratops", "Emigrantia", "Eopeachella", "Peachella", and "Olenelloides") constitute the sistergroup. 
Habitat.
"Bolbolenellus" was probably a marine bottom dweller, like all Olenellina.

</doc>
