<doc id="36564313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564313" title="Åsulv Eiriksson">
Åsulv Eiriksson

Åsulv Eriksson (1190 - 1260) was a Norwegian nobleman (descended from an earl) who resided at Austrått and who played an important role in the closure of the civil war era in Norway. 
Åsulv was the son of Eirik Gryvel (Gryfill) and Torbjørg Åsulvsdatter. Torbjørg was a granddaughter of Guttorm Åsulvsson, who held Rein Abbey, from his marriage to Bergljot, who was a descendant of King Magnus the Good. Åsulv Eriksson was married to Baugeid Jonsdatter, daughter of Jon Sigurdsson at Austrått.
Åsulv Eriksson was married to Baugeid Jonsdatter. She was the only child of Jon Sigurdsson, who was married to Sigrid Baardsdatter, Duke Skule Bårdsson's sister and the first abbess of Rein Abbey. 
When Duke Skule had founded Rein abbey he intended that Austrått should go to his sister, who had inherited and added to the monastic estate. However, consistent with the practice of the time, the land was property of the crown, so after a lengthy legal process in 1238 Austrått was awarded instead to Åsulv, in return for which he compensated the abbey with other lands. This led to a bitter enmity between the two men, which, when combined with Duke Skule's rivalry for kingship of Norway, played an important role the last phase of the civil war.
In 1239 Skule led a revolt against his son-in-law, King Haakon Haakonsson, and, after losing the Battle of Oslo in 1240, sought refuge in Elgeseter Priory in Nidaros. Åsulv and his Birkebeiners set fire to the monastery, and then killed Skule and his entourage when they tried to save themselves. With Skule’s death, the civil war era came to an end. Since killing men who had sought refuge in a priory was considered a sacrilege, Åsulv was required to do penance by going on pilgrimages.
At about the year 1200, Åsulv’s family erected the chapel which was subsequently incorporated into the fortified manor at Austrått.
Steinar Herka Åsulvsson (1235–1263) was the son of Åsulv Eiriksson and Baugeid Jonsdatter. Steinar accompanied King Håkon Håkonsson over the north sea to resolve the disputes with Scotland over the Hebrides in 1263. Records strongly suggest Steinar was married with Ragna Iversdatter Bjarkøy from Bjarkøy in Troms. They had three known children: Ægeleiv Steinarsdatter, Åsulv Steinarsson and Ivar Steinarsson. 
Åsulv Eiriksson lived to the unusually old age for that period of 70 years.

</doc>
<doc id="36564318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564318" title="Misha Gabriel">
Misha Gabriel

Misha Gabriel (born May 13, 1987), also known as Misha Gabriel Hamilton, is an American dancer, choreographer, and actor. He is known for dancing mainly in the shows of Janet Jackson and Michael Jackson, and for his role as Eddie in "Step Up Revolution".
Life and career.
Gabriel was born in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. His mother, Irina Brecher, is a ballet dancer from Romania. Gabriel, who was raised in Larkspur, Colorado, began dancing at the early age of two years old. He appeared with Janet Jackson for three years in a number of her videos, TV shows, and live performances. He also took part in shows by Mariah Carey, Beyoncé, Christina Aguilera, Chris Brown, Ne-Yo, The Pussycat Dolls, Hilary Duff, John Legend, Kylie Minogue, and Omarion.
He has worked in several American commercials and in the movies "Jackass 2", "Clerks 2", and "Center Stage 2".
Gabriel was selected as a principal dancer for Michael Jackson's "This Is It" concerts and was set to perform in all 50 shows scheduled for the O2 Arena in London, England. The concerts were canceled 8 days before the dancers were set to travel to London due to Michael Jackson's death. Gabriel was subsequently featured along with the 10 other dancers in the concerts' behind the scenes film, "Michael Jackson's This Is It".
He then appeared in a major role, as Eddie, Sean (Ryan Guzman's) best friend, in the film "Step Up Revolution" (2012), directed by Scott Speer.
Choreography.
He has choreographed in:
Personal life.
Misha has been in a long term relationship with dancer/actress Alexa Anderson who was a finalist on the ninth season of So You Think You Can Dance, a dance competition show. The two are represented by the same agency and met on the job. Misha is good friends with actor Kenny Wormald. They grew up dancing together and have worked together as dancers and actors. Misha is also good friends with choreographer Travis Wall.

</doc>
<doc id="36564323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564323" title="Tokichi Setoguchi">
Tokichi Setoguchi

Biography.
Setoguchi was born on June 28, 1868, in Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan, in what is now the city of Tarumizu. In 1882, Setoguchi enlisted as a clarinetist in the military band of the Imperial Japanese Navy in Yokosuka. Later, he became an orchestra conductor. During a concert tour in 1907 through 16 European countries, he enjoyed great success, and became known as the "Japanese Sousa". In 1910 he accompanied Prince Yoshihito on his journey to London for the coronation celebrations of King George V of the United Kingdom. He retired in 1917.
After his active service he was a professor of music at various universities and music conservatories.
He died on November 8, 1941, of a cerebral hemorrhage.
As a composer he wrote a number of songs and military marches. In addition, he reformed Japanese military music between World War I and World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="36564339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564339" title="Leeds, Illinois">
Leeds, Illinois

Leeds is an unincorporated community in Osage Township, LaSalle County, Illinois, United States. Leeds is located along the BNSF Railway in the southern panhandle of LaSalle County, northeast of Rutland.

</doc>
<doc id="36564397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564397" title="Marjorie Nichols">
Marjorie Nichols

Marjorie Ann Nichols (1943, Red Deer, Alberta - December 29, 1991, Red Deer, Alberta) was a Canadian political journalist and author.
History.
Nichols was born in Red Deer, Alberta and initially raised on an Alberta farm. Nichols' childhood was spent in Red Deer, Alberta, where she graduated from Lindsay Thurber Comprehensive High School in 1962. In 1992, Nichols was posthumously inducted into the school's Hall of Fame, contemporaneously with fellow graduates Roland Michener (former Governor General of Canada) and James L. Foster (former Member of the Alberta Legislative Assembly), among others. In her youth, Nichols was a nationally ranked speed skater, who was an alternate to represent Canada at the 1960 Winter Olympics.
Nichols attended the University of Montana, where she graduated with a degree in journalism. During her undergraduate years, she was awarded a Certificate of Excellence in News Writing by the Hearst Foundation, in relation to her contribution to the national competition of the Hearst Journalism Awards Program. 
In 1966, Nichols commenced her career in professional journalism as a reporter for the "Ottawa Journal". In 1967, at the age of 23, Nichols became the youngest member of the Ottawa Press Gallery and its only female member. In 1972, she joined the "Vancouver Sun", as its bureau chief in Victoria, British Columbia. During this period, she developed a reputation as an astute critic of the government of British Columbia, irrespective of which political party was in power. During her career as a journalist, she was a British Columbia Legislature and Ottawa Parliament Hill reporter, primarily associated with the "Vancouver Sun", the "Ottawa Journal" and the "Ottawa Citizen". She was a close associate of fellow journalists Allan Fotheringham, Pamela Wallin (as of 2009, a member of the Senate of Canada), Hugh Winsor, John Sawatsky and Jack Webster.
Nichols was diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer in 1988. From this time until her death, she was primarily a political columnist at the "Ottawa Citizen". She did not publicly discuss her illness. Journalist Jane O'Hara, then Vancouver bureau chief for Macleans Magazine, met Nichols in 1991, and the two collaborated on Nichols' memoir, "", which was published posthumously, in 1992. In the memoir, Nichols was candid in relation to later career alcoholism and various affairs. Nichols left no publicly acknowledged partner.

</doc>
<doc id="36564476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564476" title="Aybaki Mosque">
Aybaki Mosque

Al-Aybaki Mosque (also referred to as the Mosque of Sheikh Abdullah al-Aybaki, Arabic transliteration: 
"Jami ash-Shaykh 'Abdallah al-Aybaki") is a historic mosque situated in the al-Tuffah neighborhood of Gaza City. Built by the Mamluks in the late 13th-century, the mosque is named after Sheikh Abdullah al-Aybaki, a Muslim religious leader. According to his "nisba" "Aybaki", Sheikh Abdullah was a "mamluk" or relative of Izz al-Din Aybak, the first Mamluk sultan of Egypt. Sheikh Abdullah's son Sheikh Iyad was buried nearby at the Sayed al-Hashim Mosque in al-Daraj while his other son Ahmad al-Aybaki, a local saintly person, was buried in a sanctuary called al-Mazar ash-Sheikh Aybak.

</doc>
<doc id="36564499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564499" title="Brenda Reid">
Brenda Reid

Brenda Reid (born 1945) was the lead singer of the group The Exciters and is best known for her lead vocals in the (U.S. #4) single "Tell Him". Brenda was married to fellow band member Herb Rooney.
Career.
In 1961, Reid joined The Masterettes, consisting of Brenda Reid on lead, Sylvia Wilbur (who later married Dickie Williams), Lillian Walker, and Carol Johnson. That group became The Exciters. The Exciters' first hit record, produced by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller, was "Tell Him" (U.S. #4). Tell Him was recorded in late 1962 and a music video of it was produced about the same time, one of the earliest Rock and Roll videos. Other hit songs with Reid's vocals included "He's Got the Power", "Get Him" and Northern Soul classic "Blowing Up My Mind". The Exciters also recorded the original version of "Do Wah Diddy Diddy" in 1963; it was covered shortly after by Manfred Mann, for whom it was an international hit.
In 1975, Reid and the Exciters enjoyed a hit single with "Reachin' for the Best", produced by Rooney and young newcomer producer Ian Levine. The song was aimed at the British Northern soul scene but crossed over to the UK Singles Chart where it peaked at No. 31.
In 1978, Reid formed a group with her husband Herb Rooney called Brenda And Herb, releasing one album in 1979, "In Heat Again." 
Brenda's son (Mark) Cory Rooney is a songwriter and producer, known for creating hits for many famous artists.

</doc>
<doc id="36564506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564506" title="City of regional significance (Ukraine)">
City of regional significance (Ukraine)

City of oblast significance (subordination) (, "Misto oblasnoho znachennya") is a city municipality that is designated as a separate district within its region. In Crimea, these cities are referred to as cities of republican significance. The designation of regional significance was created with the introduction of oblasts back in 1932.
Such city municipality is complex and usually combines the city proper as well as the adjacent populated places. There are instances where a municipality may include only a city alone, while in others instances a municipality may consists of its own subdivisions such as districts in city, similarly to the cities with special status.
Definition.
Each region has at least one city of regional significance as its administrative center. A city is usually granted the status for being an economical and cultural center that has a developed industry, utilities, a considerable amount of state provided housing, and a population of over 50,000, and if for further economical and social development of a city it is appropriate to establish a direct management by regional organizations. In some cases, a city with a population of less than 50,000 can be a city of regional significance if it has important industrial, social-cultural, and historical significance, or a propensity for further economical and social development and population increase. These exceptions are usually granted on a decision of the Supreme Council of Ukraine – "Verkhovna Rada".
The city can be divided into raions (raion within city) at the city's authorities' discretion. Along with raions of a region, the cities of regional significance are the second level of administrative-territorial division of Ukraine. Beside having raions, the city can be divided into various municipal councils ("rada", often considered its extended metropolitan area and suburbs) such as smaller city councils, town councils, or rural councils. Additionally, a city of regional significance can simply be composed of one settlement itself.
In 2012, there were 178 cities of regional significance across the different regions of Ukraine, ranging from the Donetsk Region, which has the highest number of cities at 28, to the Ternopil Region, which has only one, Ternopil. On average there are seven cities in each oblast or Crimea.
List of cities by region.
Population statistics are from the 2001 Ukrainian Census. An asterisk (*) indicates cities that have district division. 

</doc>
<doc id="36564513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564513" title="Fabian Göranson">
Fabian Göranson

Fabian Göranson (born 1978 in Stockholm), is a Swedish illustrator and publisher of graphic novels and comics. 
His comics have been published in Swedish magazines "Galago", "Ordfront" and "Arbetaren".

</doc>
<doc id="36564527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564527" title="Daniel Bell (New Zealand swimmer)">
Daniel Bell (New Zealand swimmer)

Daniel Bell (born 9 May 1990) is a New Zealand swimmer. He swam for New Zealand at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics; his events being the 100 m butterfly & backstroke and the 4x 100 m medley relay, 
Bell won the silver medal in the 100 m backstroke at the 2010 Commonwealth Games, and he won three events at the 2008 FINA Youth World Swimming Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36564536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564536" title="Family support">
Family support

Family support is the support of families with special needs through organizations that may provide services such as respite care or cash subsidies, or support through informal means such as help from neighbors and friends.
History.
The late 1970s and early 1980s are considered pivotal times for the development of respite and family support services, particularly through the demands and initiatives of parents of children with disabilities. These initiatives occurred throughout the US concurrent with the formation of activist parent groups in the 1970s, for example, in the state of New Hampshire. However, by the 1990s, family support had become an established service reported regularly in the field of intellectual and developmental disabilities, and part of States' and local service systems in the US. Family support services were considered one of the better ways of supporting families and their children, including "building on natural supports" and encouraging the integration of children in the community.
Family models and services of family support.
By the early 1980s, states such as New York had established family support programs and agencies, New York State Office of Mental Retardation and Developmental Disabilities), and "model programs" were identified nationally which served children and their families in the community (e.g., MacComb-Oakland, Michigan, Dane, LaCrosse, and Columbia counties, Wisconsin). New models of family support services were initiated, including professional models which involved both traditional respite for the families (i.e., opportunity for a break from the stress of caring for children with "special needs") and individual recreation opportunities in generic agencies/sites for the son or daughter (versus traditional in-home babysitting/child care). Professional parents sought to have respite places available in group homes (e.g., friend of the home), to develop small group respite settings, to hold parent-to-parent support groups and meetings, to establish councils, and to have cash subsidies to meet the extra expenses of raising a "disabled child" (e.g., Exceptional Family Resources, Syracuse, New York, 1985). By 1983, the State of New York had funded three major demonstration grants and then Governor Mario Cuomo and his wife Matilda held the first Family Support Conference in the Albany, New York. New York State indeed by 1988 reported $16,536,000 in discrete family support initiatives which did not include new agency family/cash subsidy demonstrations funded later in 1989-1990 in the state. or agency cash subsidies included as part of family support demonstration programs (e.g., recreation/respite in generic agencies). In the public policy arena, respite was often explored in the context of child care for children with disabilities, and additional expenses of raising a child with a disability as especially critical in low income families.
Promotion on behalf of families.
In 1985, Syracuse University's Center on Human Policy was awarded a three year Community Integration Project from the Federal Government (National Institute on Disability Research and Rehabilitation) to work with states and communities in the US. The project, based on a national search conducted by the Wisconsin Developmental Disabilities Council, identified state cash subsidy programs in 21 states in the US. The project, together with a new national Center on Community Integration, prepared information on family support for distribution, including a news bulletin on family support based on the project's research studies, an article on the case for family support for families, bibliographic references, innovative agencies and organizations, and an introduction to family support issues, such as family-centered supports, individualized and flexible supports, empowering families, use of natural, community supports, and permanency planning.
Basis in theories.
Family support is based in part on theories related to families, particularly family systems theory, ecological and support theories, community support theories, life-span and life course theories, family psychosocial theories, family empowerment theory, and positivistic theories, such as the sociology of acceptance. In relation to services, basic policy concepts have included family-centeredness, capacity-based services, empowerment and participatory decision making, individualized (and appropriate) services, among others. Between the 1970s and 1990s, family support was developed in the context of community integration, building on the quarter century work on physical and social integration of families and their children. It differs from other models of family support developed in the context of employment programs, housing programs, nutrition, transportation, health care, or city emergency programs. These included: the Family Support Services of West Hawaii (including community and economic development activities), Family Support Services of Amarillo (including employee assistance and family therapy), Family Support Services of Southeastern Pennsylvania (e.g., child welfare and early intervention), City of Chicago Family and Support Services (e.g., domestic violence, senior services).(brief web review, 2011).
Growth in the US.
By the 1990s, family support had gained in great popularity in the field of intellectual disabilities, especially since 80-90% of children with disabilities continue to live with their families even today. Yet, the Human Services Research Institute determined that only 1.5% of the state budgets for developmental disabilities services was used to support these families as at 1990. By 2006, family support spending was reported to be $2,305,149,428 in the US, yet, in FY 2006, it remained at only 5% of total intellectual and developmental disabilities spending of $43.84 billion. In the US, the costs of "family care" in intellectual and developmental disabilities have been studied, including direct financial costs met by families, indirect and opportunity costs, and indirect psychological costs.
In related fields, though, family support is still often considered to be "unpaid", "voluntary support" by family members, family-to-family training programs, self-help groups, often near forms of family interventions by professionals (e.g., behavioral training, clinical assessments, vocational training, family therapy, clinical community re-entry)in traumatic brain injury. and in adult mental health. In children's mental health, family support and advocacy organizations are viewed to be increasing at the systems and policy levels, with the late 1980s formation of the Federation of Families for Children's Mental Health and the reformation of the National Alliance on Mental Illness, a strong parent organization from the late 1970s (see, also Wikipedia). Family support services today are viewed as important for families with individuals with diverse disabilities (e.g., motor-neuron disease, AIDS, epilepsy, cerebral palsy, autism)with a greater emphasis on choice in support services (e.g., counseling, training and information, respite).
As a parent-professional field.
As family support would be considered a parent-professional field, the research studies documented diverse disabilities (e.g., epilepsy, sickle cell anemia, hearing/visual impairment, spina bifida, cancer, learning disability), household incomes, level of assistance by daily living activities, behavioral and medical needs, insurance coverage, daily routines, impact of disability on the household, services for specialized needs, and so forth. The field then was challenged in the 1990s to broaden approaches to families, including gendered caring, inner-city population groups, rural areas of the country, a "whatever it takes approach", and over-professionalized approaches to people's homes. This was followed by a national research report on these organizations supporting families in the community and those supporting adults with disabilities to live in their own homes. In addition, governmental policy today appears to continue to encourage adults with disabilities to live at home with parents or caregivers (2011); thus, family support funds are usually designated for families with children and adults living at home, including in families with aging parents.
As a caregiving model.
In line with the parent-professional partnerships of the 1980s and 1990s, the Oregon Research Institute published a book on "Support for caregiving families". The book included the progressive professional stances on family stress and support (for critique, see Racino & Heumann, on children as a "burden"), value-based services based on the Center on Human Policy's statement in support for children and their families (1987), role of parents in quality services, coping skills (often addressed by behavioral or skills training), human development and informal support, and family life cycles, including infants and early intervention, school-aged children (school programs), transition to adulthood (and supported employment), and ecobehavioral/clinical treatment of families (stronger in fields such as mental health), among others. Family support and aging, a major concern in 2000s due to the aging population in the US, was also the focus of service reform in the 1990s. For example, 700,000 people with developmental disabilities live with one or more parent over the age of 65.
As a model of community services.
As deinstitutionalization policies in the US moved toward the development of community services, community parents also became more interested in "out-of-home placements" (e.g., small group homes) of their children (e.g., children moving from the parental home and beginning adult lives). This approach is valued internationally as one way of adult's attaining adult status, especially in Western countries. {http://www.barnesandnoble.com/s/Housing-support-community In states like New York and Connecticut, this resulted in tension between "institutional" and "community parents" vying for limited public funds, and between providers of services for funding (e.g., state institutions and private, non-profit community sectors). However, as states began to close institutions, funding was often available primarily to relocate those individuals living in institutional care or those at risk of institutionalization (e.g., home and community-based Medicaid waiver, HCBS). For example, "15 states financed 90% or more of their family support services with Medicaid HCBS; 11 states financed their family support activities through state funding. Since family supports were recommended for children, options such as foster care (new models for adults and children)often included family support services, families on waiting lists were offered family support services, and a broader range of types of services were developed in different states (e.g., Wisconsin's menu of services).
New population groups.
In the 2000s, "new population groups" in family support included:
Multicultural and transnational families.
In addition, the needs of multicultural families, based on changing US demographics, also resulted in greater attention to the major minority groups, including African-Americans, Asian Americans, native Indian Americans, and Hispanic/Latino Americans. Original approaches involved services to native Americans on reservations (often poverty) or as "assimilation into white society" in contrast to approaches involving housing integration of "diverse populations" (e.g., Asian Americans) in mixed income housing in small cities. Today (2012), the American Indians, for example, own and operate casino gambling in the US and obtain funds toward their own social services. In addition, new transnational families, who may be separated from their families by international migration, form part of the new face of families in the US as does the gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender activist populations.
Youth with disabilities.
Youth with disabilities became an emerging "age group" in the late 1980s and 1990s as family approaches (often-parent-based) competed with approaches based more on the desires of youth with disabilities. For example, personal assistance approaches based on diverse lifestyles and hiring of aides by service users became a popular way of thinking about services. In addition, major federal initiatives in transition planning in the US resulted in a variety of approaches to moving from child-centered to adult services, based in part, upon theories of adolescent development. Today, self-advocacy has grown worldwide and youth, in particular, have sought their own voices and futures.
Aging population.
The changing demographics of aging in the US have been well documented in diverse fields with its public facing the need to revamp the nation's Social Security system. The latter can no longer, as developed in the Depression Era, financially support the growing aging population which outstrips the younger generation paying into the system. For example, "between 2010 and 2030, the number of people aged 65 and older is projected to increase by 76%, while the number of workers supporting the system is projected to increase by 8%". The elder population also is living longer, expected to have a marked increase in the people living over the age of 80, involving an increase in "disabilities" such as dementia (e.g., Public Broadcasting, 2011), effecting social security disability benefits, and also the discovery of older adults with lifelong disabilities in "community-dwelling" two generation families.
Parents with intellectual disabilities.
By the 2000s, internationally, the support of parents who themselves have intellectual disabilities moved to new prominence with extensive, multi-decade research after initial programs and studies in the US as early as the late 1980s and 1990s. In addition, traditional parent training programs moved to community building and parents/mothers with physical disabilities also prominently advocated for better lifestyles for themselves and their children, included as part of a new US National Resource Center for Parents with Disabilities. (April 1998). Through the Looking Glass administered the 5 year center on behalf of the "8 million American families in which one or both parents has a disability."
US policy goals.
In the National Goals and Research for People with Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities, support of families and family life across the lifespan was considered one of the major goals of the extensive work group of leaders in that field (e.g., Ann Turnbull, Rud Turnbull, John Agosta, Elizabeth Erwin, Glenn Fujuira, George Singer, and Leslie Sodak, among others). The overarching goal was: To support the caregiving efforts and enhance the quality of life of all families so that families will remain the core unit of American society. The five subgoals include:
Such efforts are critical as the US has often been criticized for having a lack of a coherent family policy for all its people (e.g., health care, housing, employment, leisure, community and economic development).
International.
Family support is indeed an international initiative with 1994 the International Year of the Family as proclaimed by the United Nations. Helle Mittler, from Great Britain, reported on the TASK Force of the International League of Societies for Persons with Mental Handicap which highlighted Face to Face in the United Kingdom, Young Muslim Women's Association Comprehensive Programme in Jordan, Service Brokerage in Canada, Swasahaya Sumachaya, Mysore, and Karnataka Parents' Association in India, Market Place Support Group in Côte d'Ivoire, Africa, Brothers and Sisters Groups in Nicaragua and India, Fathers' group in the United Kingdom, and Parents and Professionals Learning Together in Bangladesh and Pakistan.
In 2012, the international community is on individual and family life quality, family support is a long term services and supports (LTSS) in the US in communities and a new chapter, "Family theories, family support and family studies" will be released in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36564540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564540" title="Lakes State Legislative Assembly">
Lakes State Legislative Assembly

The Lakes State Legislative Assembly (LSLA) is the legislative assembly of Lakes state in South Sudan. The body is composed of 48 Members of Parliament; 29 representing geographic constituencies, 12 elected from women's list and 7 elected from party list. The assembly is based in the state capital Rumbek. Elections to LSLA was held in 2010, in which 46 Sudan People's Liberation Movement candidates were elected and two independents.
As of February 2012, John Marik Makur is the speaker of the Lakes State Legislative Assembly. As of March 2012, Enock Nhail Cahoc serves as the deputy speaker of LSLA.

</doc>
<doc id="36564550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564550" title="List of people from Sherbrooke">
List of people from Sherbrooke

The following is a '"list of people from Sherbrooke, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="36564563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564563" title="Oevaang Oeray">
Oevaang Oeray

Johanes Chrisostomus Oevaang Oeray (18 August 1922 – 17 July 1986) was an Indonesian politician. He was the Governor of West Kalimantan from 1960 to 1966; he was the first ethnic Dayak to hold the position.
Oevaang Oeray was a founder of the Dayak Unity Party, which participated in the Indonesian elections of 1955. He was a staunch supporter of freedom of religion and the separation of church and state.
Biography.
Oevaang Oeray was born in Kedamin, Kapuas Hulu, on 18 August 1922. He was the youngest child born to Ledjo and Hurei, Dayak farmers and rubber workers.
In 1959 Oevang was selected as the Governor of West Kalimantan by the provincial legislative board. This was confirmed by President Sukarno with Presidential Decree 465/1959, dated 24 December 1959. Oevang's term was to last from 1 January 1960 until 12 July 1966. The success of his Dayak Unity Party, which received 146,054 votes during the 1955 legislative election, led to non-Dayaks accusing him of nepotism, selecting only ethnic Dayaks for government employment and thus dividing the province on ethnic lines.
In 1964 General Supardjo, the commander of the IV Mandala Siaga Fighting Squad, took complete military control of the province. He left the area in 1965 after receiving a letter from his wife and was replaced by A.J. Winoto, who fought against guerrillas along the Sarawak border. Oevaang Oeray lent Winoto political support.
As Oevaang Oeray was close to President Sukarno/Soekarnois, after the 30 September Movement killed six generals in Jakarta Oevaang Oeray was accused of being involved with the Indonesian Communist Party. Although Oevaang Oeray was a leftist, he was not a supporter of the Communist Party. Many other ethnic Dayaks were accused of being communist sympathisers during this time.
On 12 July 1966 Internal Minister Basuki Rahmat dismissed Oevaang Oeray, replacing him with Lieutenant Colonel Soemadi. This was a little more than two months before his term was to expire, and based on Decree Number UP.12/2/43-912 of 12 July 1966. Soemadi was reconfirmed in 1967.
Legacy.
The government of West Kalimantan has put forth Oeray and Djeranding Abdurrahman as possible National Heroes, but this title has not been granted. This proposal has received support from the People's Consultative Assembly leader Hajriyanto Y Thohari.

</doc>
<doc id="36564588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564588" title="Leipzig Bay">
Leipzig Bay

The Leipzig Bay() or Leipzig Basin or Saxon Lowland or Saxon Bay is a relatively lakeless and highly fertile landscape in Germany, in northwestern Saxony and southeastern Saxony-Anhalt.
This region was originally covered with lakes, dense forests lakes and rivers. In the course of urbanization and lignite open pit mining, large areas were deforested and many rivers and streams canalised or diverted. 
The Leipzig Bay is bounded to the north by the Düben Heath, to the east by the River Elbe, to the south by the Ore Mountain Foreland and the Central Saxon Hills, and by the River Saale to the west. The conurbation formed by the two cities of Leipzig and Halle lies in the centre of the Leipzig Bay. Other important towns are Delitzsch, Eilenburg, Merseburg and Borna.
Geology.
The Leipzig Bay is a Young Drift landscape and the southernmost part of the North German Plain. The landscape is essentially a plain broken only by low eminences such as the Hohburg Hills and dissected by the valleys of the Saale, White Elster Mulde and Pleiße rivers.
The Leipzig Bay was formed during the Tertiary period. When the Ore Mountains and Vogtland were uplifted, a basin was formed as a compensating movement, into which weathering material from the mountain ranges was deposited. As a result of the creation of bogs and variable flooding, organic material was also deposited in this basin, which in turn was overlaid by sediments. Brown coal or lignite was formed from these deposits, which is covered by layers of sand and loess.
Location.
The landscape is very well served by communications. A cardioid ring motorway runs around the Leipzig-Halle conurbation, the so-called Central German Loop ("Mitteldeutsche Schleife"). Leipzig/Halle Airport is an important transport hub in the eastern German states. Railway lines and "Bundesstraßen" (federal roads) run in all directions of the compass, linking the Leipzig Bay with other parts of the country. Only inland shipping has no direct access to this region, although work on the unfinished Elster-Saale Canal began in the mid 20th century.
Importance.
The Leipzig region is historically, culturally and economically of huge importance to Central Germany. Although open-cast mining continues in the area, it is also being developed from an environmental and tourist perspective, through the reclamation of old lignite pits and mining facilities and their conversion into recreation areas, especially north and south of Leipzig. By flooding some the open-cast mines many new lakes have been and are being created in the Leipzig Basin, which are gradually changing the face of the landscape.

</doc>
<doc id="36564598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564598" title="Ralph Simmonds">
Ralph Simmonds

The Hon. Justice Ralph Lloyd Simmonds was born in Sydney, NSW in May 1950, and educated at Nedlands Primary School and Christ Church Grammar School in Perth, Western Australia, obtaining a Bachelor of Laws with Honours from the University of Western Australia in 1972 and a Master of Laws from the University of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, in 1976.
He was admitted to practice in Western Australia in 1974, after articling at Muir Williams Nicholson & Co (now Freehills). He was a law lecturer at the University of Windsor, Ontario, together with his Quebec-native wife, a multilingual academic who obtained her PhD from the University of Toronto, and then McGill University, Montreal, Quebec, 1980-89. Canada's province of Quebec has French rather than English law other than for the federal Criminal Code, but McGill's faculty of law provides legal education to students in both French and English law.
Simmonds was Foundation Dean (1992–95, 1997-2003) and Foundation Professor of Law at Murdoch University in Perth. He has also served on the Law Reform Commission of Western Australia and as National Convenor of the Committee of Australian Law Deans (1994–95). He was appointed to the Supreme Court of Western Australia in February 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36564617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564617" title="Zakaria Chol Gideon Gakmar">
Zakaria Chol Gideon Gakmar

Zakaria Chol Gideon Gakmar (1957 – July 29, 2010) was a Sudanese politician, belonging to the Sudan People's Liberation Movement (SPLM). He was elected to the Lakes State Legislative Assembly in the 2010 election as a candidate on the SPLM party list.
Following his death, Zakaria Chol was lauded as a hero in the governor's speech at the 2010 Martyrs' Day celebrations in Rumbek.

</doc>
<doc id="36564625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564625" title="P.H. Yu">
P.H. Yu

Yu Pun Hoi (, born 1958, in Hong Kong) and commonly known as P. H. Yu, is an entrepreneur in the information technology, cinema, culture and media industries in China. He is the Chairman of the Board and largest shareholder of Nan Hai Corporation Limited (0680.HK) and Sino-i Technology Limited(0250.HK). Yu is also the founder and chairman of the Tsinghua University Center for US-China Relations (CUSCR), and the Peking University Chinese Culture Research Center.
IT.
Yu integrates knowledge-based industry models with information technology throughout his business enterprises. He describes IT as the means to achieve varying levels of intelligence, while film and information are the core essence of knowledge. He supports open standards, interoperability of open source and domestic brands to create heterogeneous technology infrastructures.
Under Yu's leadership, Sino-i Technology holds a leading position in China's IT industry, with 120 branch offices throughout China, more than 8,000 employees, including 2000 dedicated to R&D. It is the leading IT applications service provider (ASP) for domestic enterprises in China, with focus on optimization of technology infrastructures for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) to facilitate e-commerce strategies, utilize enterprise software, and advance information access.
In 1999, Yu established CE Dongli Technology Co., Ltd., an application service provider of technology solutions for more than 250,000 small and medium enterprises in China. Yu acquired Xinnet in 2003 and Red Flag Chinese 2000 in 2006. CE Dongli ranks at the top amongst IBM and HP in China's IT services market, and received the top honor as a domestic firm in the outsourcing service market for consecutive years. CE and Xinnet also dominate the market sector for website, web-hosting, and mailbox services in China, where Xinnet is one of the top ten providers in domain name reserve and virtual hosting volume. As of 2009, Xinnet was the largest registrar of spam domains worldwide.
On facing the fierce competition in the IT industry, Yu used the concept of man to impart new ways of thinking to his employees at a conference in Beijng. He summed up the different scopes of life in the philosophy of “shi” using five distinct Chinese words 史(shǐ)、势(shì)、市(shì)、事(shì)、士(shì)” . He guided them to appreciate the powerful force of history and knowledge packed in each word, in order to grasp the potential of the overall strategic landscape. He assured them that only when they tackle the issues openly and with ease, cast aside concerns, fears and all distraction, can the true essence of matter and meaning of life come to light.
Culture and Media.
Yu began his media venture at the early age of 19, when he started a hand-written Chinese newspaper while finishing his undergraduate studies in Canada. After returning to Hong Kong, he competed with Rupert Murdoch in a bid to buy the Hong Kong newspaper MingPao in 1991 and lost. However, after Murdoch's deal fell through, Yu eventually took over the helm of this influential newspaper as chairman at the age of 33.
Yu began to expand his media institution rapidly. He led Ming Pao into North America with a western and eastern Canada edition of the Ming Pao Daily News (Canada). In 1993, Yu launched the Xian Dai Daily newspaper in China, and then acquired Yazhou Zhoukan, a weekly news magazine, from Time Warner. In 1992, he launched the Wuhan Cable TV station in China, which utilized a copper fiber network system that was the most advanced cable TV transmission network in China at the time. While Wuhan Cable broke ground as the first foreign-owned media in China, it also became the last media entity under a foreign ownership.
Yu has been keen to integrate new technologies with his media ventures, setting in motion content production and digital media business in Chinese language to embrace the next generation communication technology to connect the global Chinese audience. In the early 1990s, before the internet became a global cultural phenomenon, Yu set up the first ISP service in Hong Kong, HKNet, and also gave rise to the first Chinese newspaper website, mingpao.com.
In 1994, Yu founded the first 24 hour global Chinese language news network, Chinese Television Network (CTN), which included the Chong-Tian News channel and Dadi Entertainment channel. On February 19, 1997, Yu personally led the network's worldwide exclusive report on the death of China's leader Deng Xiaoping. CTN broke the news live on February 20, 1997 at 1;18 am Beijing Time, which was confirmed by the Xinhua news agency more than an hour later at 2:30am.
After three years, CTN generated a loss of 100 million dollars for Yu. He eventually sold the network to a member of the Koo family in Taiwan in 1997. CTN was later renamed as Chung T'ien Television (CTi TV).
Even though his investments in television led to huge losses, his investments in digital cinema theaters and movie production have been successful in China. His company, Dadi Media, focuses on Chinese cultural, historical, and artistic film productions, including Confucius, Electric Shadows, Iris Chang: The Rape of Nanjing, and Echoes of the Rainbow, which won the Hong Kong Oscars and a Crystal Bear for the Best Film in the Berlin International Film Festival 2010.
The award winning biopic based on the ancient Chinese philosopher, Confucius, opened in 2010 with a record breaking 2,500 copies, virtually every theatre in China. It faced an uphill battle in the box office against the 3D Hollywood epic Avatar, but promoted a new wave of cross-cultural dialogue as this illustrious philosopher’s life story and teachings swept through box offices worldwide.
In 2006, Yu began to invest in digital cinema theaters from the first to third tier cities throughout China. As of February 2011, Dadi Media has 88 digital cinemas in operations (359 screens), with expansion plans of 12 cinemas (62 screens) set to open, and 20 cinemas ( 98 screens) under construction. In 2010, Dadi recorded a box office growth of 172%.
In 2009, Yu acquired the US-based Duowei News website (dwnews.com).The Economist reported in February, 2012 that while Yu said Duowei is “a very small business”, its business of reporting Chinese politics is, however, only going to get bigger.
Academic activities.
In 2008, Yu founded the Tsinghua University Center for US-China Relations, which he chairs. He has participated in many international roundtable conferences and Track II dialogues, including National Committee on American Foreign Policy Conference on the prospects for Taiwan Strait Relations，Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies China Forum; and the recent annual China-U.S. Senior Officials Training session at the Tsinghua University, where he led a discussion on the role of media and ideology in US-China relations, with US officials from the Department of State, Defense, Homeland Security and the Navy.
In 2010, at Peking University, Yu founded the Chinese Culture Research Center, whose mission is to promote contemporary Chinese cultural innovation and construct a modern Sinology.
Education.
Yu spent his teenage years in Japan and worked to pay for his education. In 1976, he planned to attend UC-San Diego to pursue studies in journalism and media but did not earn enough money for tuition. He eventually made his way to Canada and studied political economics at the University of Saskatchewan. In 2008, he began to pursue a Ph.D. in Marxism at Peking University.

</doc>
<doc id="36564646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564646" title="Kadamtala, Andaman">
Kadamtala, Andaman

Kadamtala is a village in the southwest part of Middle Andaman Island, Andaman Archipelago. Its postal (PIN) code is 744209.
Administratively, it belongs to the Rangat "tehsil" (county), North and Middle Andaman district, Andaman and Nicobar Islands territory of India.
Kadamtala is located about 24 km southwest of Rangat and 77 km north of Port Blair (straight line). It lies on the Great Andaman Trunk Road and has access to the sea through a winding tidal channel that opens into Homfrey's Strait.

</doc>
<doc id="36564651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564651" title="Monika Sozanska">
Monika Sozanska

Monika Sozanska (born 13 March 1983) is a German épée fencer. She has won several medals at the German Championships. Sozanska will compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36564669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564669" title="John Marik Makur">
John Marik Makur

John Marik Makur Lenpiny is a South Sudanese politician, belonging to the Sudan People's Liberation Movement. In 2010, he was elected to the Lakes State Legislative Assembly as a candidate on the SPLM party list. As of 2012, he serves as the speaker of the Lakes State Legislative Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="36564673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564673" title="Vancouver Island School of Art">
Vancouver Island School of Art

The Vancouver Island School of Art (VISA) is a private post-secondary school founded in 2004 located in Victoria, British Columbia. The school has made use of a heritage building built in 1921 that is owned by School District 61 Greater Victoria, but was no longer being used by the school board. The building is located in an area of Victoria known as the Quadra Village. This neighbourhood consists people of mixed income brackets and diverse ethnic backgrounds. The Quadra Village is a mixture of residential and commercial properties and with VISA, an educational institution is now part of the make-up of the village. VISA has a fairly large backyard with a basketball court and a community garden (that was initiated as a student project). The backyard is in continual use by various members of the community as it is one of the few open green spaces in the neighbourhood.
VISA is accredited with the Private Career Training Institution Agency (PCTIA) http://www.pctia.bc.ca/ which is the regulatory body for private schools in the Province of British Columbia, Canada. VISA is also a Registered Charity with the Canada Revenue Agency. As of 2011, VISA has an articulation agreement with Emily Carr University of Art and Design. VISA's Certificate of Visual Arts is equal to 1st year of a Bachelor of Fine Arts, a Bachelor of Design or Bachelor of Media Arts. VISA's Diploma of Fine Arts is transferable to the Bachelor of Arts in Fine Arts at the University of Gloucestershire in the UK. http://insight.glos.ac.uk/academicschools/dad/courses/fineart/Pages/default.aspx. Students accepted into the program at the University of Gloucestershire from VISA can complete the BA in Fine Art within eight months.
VISA offers three programs including a Certificate of Visual Arts, a Diploma of Fine Arts and an Independent Studio Certificate. Students can choose from the following kinds of courses: drawing, design, graphic design, painting, sculpture, photography, video, art history, critical studies and professional development. To date there have 78 graduates from the Diploma and Certificate programs. The school focuses on part-time learning because so few people can afford the luxury of full-time study so courses are offered in the day and evening and are open to people with all different levels of experience. The school's mission statement is to offer art education that includes an emphasis on technique and personal expression in a contemporary context. 
There is a gallery space located in the lower level of the school called The Slide Room Gallery http://www.slideroomgallery.com/. The gallery is a separate non-profit organization from the school and its mandate is to showcase the work of local artists. The gallery enables students to see the work of professional artists while they are studying the fundamentals of art.
References.
http://insight.glos.ac.uk/academicschools/dad/courses/fineart/Pages/default.aspx

</doc>
<doc id="36564678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564678" title="Ji Cheng (cyclist)">
Ji Cheng (cyclist)

Ji Cheng (; born 15 July 1987) is a Chinese professional cyclist for the team. He has been a professional since 2006, and has ridden for since 2007, when the team was known as .
Before taking up cycling, Ji competed as a runner whilst at school. One factor which led to him switching sports was the weather in his hometown, the northern city of Harbin, where temperatures can drop to -20 °C (-4 °F) in winter, when Ji could train for cycling indoors. Initially a track cyclist, he later switched to road racing.
In 2012, Ji became the first Chinese rider to race in, and complete, a Grand Tour, when he finished 175th at the Vuelta a España. By taking the start in the 2013 Giro d'Italia, he likewise became the first Chinese cyclist to start that race. The following year he was selected for the 2014 Tour de France, and became the first Chinese rider to compete in the Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="36564679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564679" title="Traffic (2014 film)">
Traffic (2014 film)

Traffic is a 2014 Hindi thriller film directed by Rajesh Pillai. It is a remake of the 2011 Malayalam film "Traffic". Originally written by brothers Bobby and Sanjay, the film has been adapted into Hindi by Suresh Nair, while the dialogues were penned by Piyush Mishra. The cinematography is by Santhosh Thundiyil and music is by Mithoon. 
The film features an ensemble cast consisting of Manoj Bajpayee, Jimmy Shergill, Prosenjit Chatterjee, Parambrata Chatterjee, Divya Dutta and Nikita Thukral.
The shooting began in August 2013.
Production.
Endemol India that has produced several local television shows ventured into feature films, after they acquired the remake rights for the Malayalam film "Traffic". Rajesh Pillai who directed the film in Malayalam was retained as director too. Suresh Nair did the Hindi adaptation of the script of "Traffic", stating "slight enhancements have been made in the feel and action content, to ensure commercial viability. But the script still remains the brilliant script that the original is".
Manoj Bajpai was signed to play the male lead in April 2013. 
Two Bengali actors, Parambrata Chatterjee and Prosenjit Chatterjee were also signed in. The director confirmed that Manoj Bajpai would play the role of a constable, Parambrata Chatterjee would play a doctor and Prosenjit Chatterjee would play a superstar. 
Divya Dutta signed the film in August, playing Lena's part from the original. 
Amol Parashar, a popular face through ad films, is said to play Asif Ali's character and Malayali actor, Jishnu is said to be playing the role played by Krishna in the original version.
Cishal Singh signed in August and Kitu Gidwani has been given the role of Vishal Singh's mother.
Rajesh Pillai confirmed that Nikita Thukral was roped in for a role, the role played by Sandhya in Malayalam and which was offered to Vishakha first. Richa Panai was roped in in September 2013 and she will be paired with Parambrata in the film. In November 2013, it was reported that Malayali actress Kaveri would reprise the role portrayed by Roma Asrani but that she will portray a mature and introvert personality as opposed to a bubbly Miriam from the original. 
Mithoon was signed as the music composer and had already recorded three songs for the film by May 2013. Mejo Joseph who composed the music for the original film in Malayalam, composed the background score for the Hindi version.
Pillai stated that the film would be entirely shot on the Mumbai Pune Expressway and Hyderbad. In late August, the first schedule had been completed at Hyderabad. The final schedule started on September 2 at Mumbai.

</doc>
<doc id="36564721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564721" title="Baltic School District (South Dakota)">
Baltic School District (South Dakota)

The Baltic School District is a public school district in Minnehaha County, South Dakota, United States, based in Baltic, South Dakota.
Schools.
The Baltic School District has one elementary school, one middle school, and one high school.

</doc>
<doc id="36564722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564722" title="Col du Grand Ballon">
Col du Grand Ballon

The Col du Grand Ballon () is a mountain pass situated close to the summit of the Grand Ballon () in the Vosges Mountains of France. It connects Cernay (Haut-Rhin) with Le Markstein winter sports station.
Details of the climbs.
There are several different directions from which the Col du Grand Ballon can be climbed:
From Cernay (south-east), the total distance is 23.3 km at an average of 4.5%, gaining 1,046 m in height. This route follows the Route des Crêtes over the Col de Herrenfluh () after 9.5 km. After a short descent, the road climbs again to the Col de Silberloch () before descending to the Col Amic (). From here, there remain 6.8 km at an average of 7.6%. In the forest on this final section, there are two short paved stretches. 3 km from the summit, the gradient increases to over 8%. 
From Willer-sur-Thur (south), the ascent (via D138) is 16 km long, climbing 974m at an average of 6.1%. This route joins that from Cernay at the Col Amic.
From the south it is also possible to climb on minor roads from Saint-Amarin or Moosch, both on the N66; these routes join together at Geishouse. Both routes are approximately 12.5 km long at an average of over 7%, with a kilometre section near the summit at 12%. 
From Soultz (east), the route follows a minor road for the first 12 km at a steady average gradient of 4.6%, before joining the other routes at Col Amic. In total, the climb is 19 km long, climbing 1,072 m at an average of 5.6%.
From Kruth (west), the climb (via D27) is 22.9 km long gaining 853 m in height at an average of 3.7%. This climb joins the D431 at Le Markstein.
Tour de France.
The Tour de France first crossed over the Col du Grand Ballon in 1969 Tour de France, when the leader over the summit was Lucien Van Impe. It has been crossed on a further five occasions, the most recent in 2005. 
Amateur cycling.
The Col du Grand Ballon is also used by amateur cyclists on the "Trois Ballons" sportive ride held in June (together with the climbs over the Ballon d'Alsace and the Ballon de Servance).

</doc>
<doc id="36564724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564724" title="Teen Bahuraniyan">
Teen Bahuraniyan

Teen Bahuraniyan (English: Three Daughters-In-Law) is a 1968 family comedy movie. The film is a remake of 1967 Tamil movie Bama Vijayam (Bama's Visit). The film's three lead ladies reprise their roles from the original movie.

</doc>
<doc id="36564733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564733" title="Shantou Jinshan Middle School">
Shantou Jinshan Middle School

Shantou Jinshan Middle School is located in Queshi Scenic Area, Shantou City, Guangdong Province, China, covering 107,000 square meters. Existing high school class of 60 students of 3400 more than 210 full-time teachers. School supervision and evaluation of a model high school in Guangdong Province early in June 2006 by, and in October the following year by a high school teaching level assessment in Guangdong Province as well as the model high school in Guangdong Province Steering acceptance confirmation.
School History.
1877－1911.
In 1877(Qing Guangxu three years), the Chaoshan Chief General Fang Yao spend huge sums of money to built Jinshan College, under the auspices of the Chaozhou famous gentleman Kuo Ting-yee set, in Chaozhou Jinshan top. The beginning of the run of the College is positioned to Chaozhou, the highest institution of the House under the jurisdiction of the official school.According to available data, in 1901, the College sent to participate in examinations held of the hygienist year, held 28 people, the first in the province.So it enjoy a high reputation in the community.
In December 1887, the Governor Zhang Zhidong of Guangdong and Guangxi inspected the College, during the inspections Chaozhou Jinshan library building initiative Bijian. In 1903, Jinshan College transformed into Chaozhou in school, Wen Zhonghe served as the total mannequin of the school, reform of teaching content and teaching methods. Mathematics, foreign language and gymnastics courses opened in the school. From 1904 to 1908, the Chaozhou middle school halls also offer the Normal School to train a small school teacher. East-meets-education, is a the Yeongdong regional initiatives of its kind.
1912－1923.
In 1912, the school changed its name to the Provincial Chaozhou Middle School, the school system for four years; in 1913, but also changed its name to Guangdong Chaozhou Jinshan Middle School.During the May Fourth Movement, the students Yu Xinyi was elected chairman of the Federation of the Chaozhou students Salvation Association. In the spring of 1921, Zhang Jingsheng served as principal, implemented a series of education reforms(In violation of the interests of the local gentry, as well as a distinct anti-traditional reforms, Zhang Jingsheng is squeezed, and eventually resigned from the principal duties and to Peking University began to teach philosophy).1921 Li Chuntao subject to the appointment of Zhang Jingsheng, as a school superintendent. Li Chuntao, founder and editor of gold in the monthly evolution ", to promote socialist doctrine; exclude parties resistance and Zhang Jingsheng, eight girls enrolled in the 1921 period exam.The end of September 1921, resigned from the principal duties of Zhang Jingsheng, Li Chuntao took the President's powers, continue to advance reform.In 1922, the Kuomintang Government on secondary education reform, ordinary secondary schools to implement thirty-three segmented educational system, secondary schools divided into junior and senior high two stages.The School implemented three years of the middle and three years of high school educational system.
1923－1949.
In 1923, the school was renamed the Guangdong Provincial Fourth Middle School.In November 13, 1925 leaders of the National Government Chiang Kai-shek, Russian higher military advisers Ke Luo felt the husband General, the Secretary-General Shao Lizi more than ten people visited the Guangdong Provincial Fourth Middle School.Chiang Kai-shek made the report "Students Are The Masters Of The School" to the teachers and students.In 1935, the school changed its name to the Guangdong Provincial Jinshan Middle School.In August 31, 1938, the Japanese air attacks , Jinshan top campus was bombed.Teachers and students were evacuated to the Fengtang Town Qiyuan Village,and studied in Zhiyong School。In late June 1939, the school temporarily closed.
At the end of 1940, the Guangdong provincial government decided to re-commissioning Jinshan secondary schools, appointment of Zhan Zhaoqing for principals.In the spring of 1941, the school announced the re-commissioning in Fenghuang Chaozhou.Move back to the Chaozhou City from Fenghuang in December 31, 1945 by Kaiyuan Temple for the temporary classroom lessons.In the summer of 1949, high school from the Kaiyuan Temple moved back to the newly constructed teaching buildings in the Jinshan top class.In December 25, 1949, the Chaoshan delegate agency supplies section Huang Yijia for the China Communist Party military representative, taking over the school.The school is named Guangdong Jinshan middle school, was December 25 surely Decoration Day ( later renamed in April 7 of each year ).
1950－1978.
In September 1951, Culture and Education Department of Guangdong Province specified the school for the implementation of the "Interim Regulations For Secondary Schools" and "Labor Guardian System" to the pilot unit.
At the beginning of September, 1952, eastern Guangdong Office makes a decision, the school moved to Queshi, Shantou, and merged with Shantou Private Queguan Middle School, its name is " Guangdong Jinshan middle school ", the school receives the original Queguan Middle School all the school property.In September 24, the school begined. In 1955 July, the failure of the School Department of junior high school, and was renamed " Guangdong Jin Shan Senior High school ".
In 1966, June, Mainland China started the "Cultural Revolution", the school stopped for counties for enrollment. In 1966 September, the school was renamed the "Guangdong Hongyan Middle School". In 1969 December, the school was renamed the Shantou Thirteenth Middle School. In 1978 December, the school was named "Shantou Jinshan Middle School".
1979－2007.
The fall of 1984, the school return to the Shantou area under the jurisdiction of the county enrollment. In June 1985, the Governor of Guangdong Province Ye Xuanping inspection gold in allocated 300,000 yuan to build gold in water supply facilities. The end of 1993, the school was classified as a school of Guangdong Province. Since 1996, schools in April of each year celebration around a week at create section "; to 2008, the school has organized the 13th to create section. 1997, the end of December each year held "Teaching and Research Open Week" activities.In 2003, the school and Jinyiyuan Limited Cooperation, founder of the private school Jinshan Middle School Southern District schools (referred to as the Jin Zhong Nan Xiao).In 2004, the Shantou municipal government site of Shantou City Public Security cadres school was placed under the gold, as gold in the West Campus, as a student dormitory. Gold in the early model high school in Guangdong Province Steering assessment in June 2006 through October 2007, with honors, Guangdong Province, high school teaching level assessment and supervision of acceptance of the model high school in Guangdong Province to confirm. In 2007, the school held 130 Anniversary Celebration, and the issuance of school annals; well-known scholars of the Chinese mainland, the alumni (1930 -1931 studying) Jao Tsung-I Inscription "teach in the southeast" the word gift of gold in the one hundred 30th anniversary; "teach in the southeast" go down in school history.
2008－2012.
In the new era, the school focus on the heritage of outstanding educational tradition and create a combination of modern education.The educational philosophy is "Heritage, Creation, Truth-seeking, Together".The motto is "Rigorous, Simple, Hard-working, Enterprising".The school spirit is "Future and Scaling".The educational goals is "Do first-class performance, Make first-class brand, Build first-class elite, Sterile first-class talent".The core content of the characteristics of education project is "Survival education, Affective education, Creation education, Designed education".After the implementation of the new curriculum, the school to adjust the structure of education, integrated education resources, innovative educational content, the reform of educational methods, to establish "all development of the comprehensive development of the whole development," the mission, "to experience happiness, excitation potential, personality developmentteaching philosophy, creating a new situation of teaching reform.Conventional teaching has maintained a high-quality, college entrance examination results for many years among the province in the forefront.
Associations.
There are fifteen clubs in Jinshan Middle School:

</doc>
<doc id="36564746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564746" title="2002–03 Real Sociedad season">
2002–03 Real Sociedad season

Season summary.
In the 2002-2003 season Real Sociedad were involved in a title race for the first time in decades.
After a series of impressive performances, stretching from September to February the club reached the top of the table. During February and March their league form faltered, and the title challenge looked over. However the club managed to re-establish itself back at the top in April. An emphatic 4-2 defeat of Real Madrid’s galacticos at Anoeta in April was the team’s signature performance.
The turning point came in early June. Failing to beat Valencia and losing away to Celta de Vigo- who were after a UCL qualification spot- meant that the Guipuscoan club missed on the league trophy. On the last match day a home victory against Atlético Madrid was sterile, as Real Madrid defeated Athletic Bilbao and thus became league champions. 
A home draw against Villareal in March is also blamed for this outcome.
The club’s fanbase and the entire province paid tribute to the squad regardless of their failure to win the trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="36564761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564761" title="Akoto">
Akoto

Akoto is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36564795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564795" title="Lake Spaulding Dam">
Lake Spaulding Dam

Lake Spaulding Dam (National ID # CA00358) is a dam in Nevada County, California.
Owned and operated by Pacific Gas & Electric, the -high dam was completed in 1913 for hydroelectric power generation. It impounds the South Fork of the Yuba River, which originates near Donner Pass. At the time of construction it was the highest dam in California, and one of ten PG&E hydroelectric facilities. The nearby settlement of Camp Spaulding, California was established to house workers.
Lake Spaulding, the reservoir created by the dam, has a capacity of and supports recreational camping, boating, fishing, and underwater diving. 

</doc>
<doc id="36564802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564802" title="Amankwah">
Amankwah

Amankwah is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36564844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564844" title="The Autobiography of Calvin Coolidge">
The Autobiography of Calvin Coolidge

The Autobiography of Calvin Coolidge is an autobiography written by former United States President Calvin Coolidge. It was published in 1929, shortly after Coolidge left office. 
Coolidge's autobiography consisted of about 45,000 words, unusually short in comparison to the era's typical "long-winded" biographies and autobiographies. It was praised by Ray Long (editor of "Cosmopolitan" magazine) for describing the complete story of Coolidge's life and "the complete story of our country during the dramatic years of this generation." Coolidge was one of the first U.S. Presidents to write and publish an autobiography. Coolidge's autobiography covers all the notable moments in his life, such as his childhood and youth, Governorship, Presidency, son's death, and retirement. It was criticized by some for being too obvious and not presenting any new information that was previously unknown to the public. However, this trait of the autobiography was not that surprising as no one expected Coolidge to reveal some private government information and secrets in his autobiography (Coolidge was a very private man, despite his happy-going and cheerful public personality image). However, it was also complimented for its succinctness and relative shortness, considering that most autobiographies of the time were much longer. Coolidge's autobiography, in contrast, was about half the size of a novel. One of the most notable moments in the book was Coolidge's belief that President Warren Harding would recover (in 1923) and then his surprise and inauguration following Harding's death.
The Coolidge autobiography was extremely popular at the time of its publication, as evidenced by the large amount of fan mail that its author received and by the willingness of many newspapers to publish parts of the autobiography so that much more of the American public could buy it and view it. Coolidge said that he hoped that his autobiography might guide and encourage the young men and women of America.

</doc>
<doc id="36564846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564846" title="Denis Donoghue">
Denis Donoghue

Denis Donoghue may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36564882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564882" title="Shen Wei (photographer)">
Shen Wei (photographer)

Shen Wei (simplified Chinese: 沈玮; traditional Chinese: 沈瑋; pinyin: shěn wěi) is a Chinese artist known for his intimate portraits of others and himself, as well as his photographic exploration of contemporary China.
Born in Shanghai, China, Shen Wei lives in New York City. Having grown up in a shanty town in Yangpu District of Shanghai, he began his art training at an early age at a local Children's Palace.
Shen Wei’s work has been exhibited and published internationally. In 2007, American Photo magazine named Shen Wei one of the Top 15 Emerging Artists in the world. In 2008, he was included in the Photo District News’ 30 photographers to watch list. Shen Wei is the winner of 2012 Philadelphia Museum of Art Photography Portfolio Competition.
Education.
Shen Wei studied Decorative Art at Shanghai Light Industry College. Upon arrival in the US, He continued his study at Minneapolis College of Art and Design (MCAD) where he discovered photography through a course about Diane Arbus. After receiving a Bachelor in Fine Arts (photography) from MCAD, he moved to New York City for his Masters in Fine Arts study in photography, video and related media at the School of Visual Arts from which he graduated in 2006.
Major Projects.
Shen Wei's first major project "Almost Naked" is a series of intimate and intense portraits of people whom he met in New York City and during his travels around the US. Most of his sitters were strangers to him. The project explores sexuality and identity, and is a reaction to Shen Wei's strict and conservative upbringing.
Shen Wei’s "Chinese Sentiment" series was photographed from 2008 to 2010 in Mainland China. The series is the artist’s personal journey to explore the authentic China, from both public and private perspectives. The series shows a poetic and romantic side of China. Consistent with Shen Wei's sensual and emotional style, the images are loving and keenly felt. Shen Wei’s first monograph, Chinese Sentiment, with an introduction by Peter Hessler, was published by Charles Lane Press (New York) in May, 2011.
Shen Wei started his series "I Miss You Already" during his Rockefeller Foundation Bellagio Center residency in Italy in 2009. The self-portrait series reveals his processes of self-reflection and discovery. In this series, the artist appears nude or semi-nude in each photograph, often in a fairytale-like and evocative atmosphere that creates a seductive and complex ambience. The artist describes his series as a provocative way to explore his sense of security through understanding the tension between freedom and boundaries.
During 2010-2011, Shen Wei was commissioned by Aperture Foundation for an innovative New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene program known as Green Cart. It provides underserved communities with access to fresh fruits and vegetables via hundreds of independently owned, mobile produce stands. His project Table Setting was part of the exhibition Moveable Feast at the Museum of the City of New York in 2011. His radiant still lifes of fruits and vegetables” were highlighted in the reviews of The New Yorker and The Wall Street Journal.
Selected Exhibitions.
Solo Exhibition:
Group Exhibitions: 

</doc>
<doc id="36564903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564903" title="Mayuko Hagiwara">
Mayuko Hagiwara


</doc>
<doc id="36564921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564921" title="Shahram Shokoohi">
Shahram Shokoohi

Shahram Shokoohi is an Iranian classical crossover singer and composer.
Artistic education and "The Next Persian Star".
Shokoohi started his singing lessons in 1993 which last till 1996. He had a life out of professional singing till 2010, when he auditioned for the singing show, "The Next Persian Star", where he was eliminated in the semi finals.
"Modara".
In 2011, his first album, called "Modara", was published in Iran. It received critical acclaim and became one of the best sellings in 2011. The album contains 10 tracks, and it is in Persian Classical music and flamenco category. Shokoohi is the first artist to release a crossover album in Iran. He is currently working on his second album.

</doc>
<doc id="36564985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564985" title="California Historical Landmarks in Fresno County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Fresno County, California

List table of the properties and districts — listed on the California Historical Landmarks — within Fresno County, Northern California. 

</doc>
<doc id="36565005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565005" title="Mathew Beard">
Mathew Beard

Mathew Beard (July 9, 1870 – February 16, 1985) was an American supercentenarian who has been verified as the world's oldest living person between 1983 and 1985 and the oldest living man between 1980 and 1985. For some years doubts about his identity and the accuracy of his age were raised, but in August 2013 the Gerontology Research Group included him as a verified case with no mention of any doubt.
Biography.
Beard claimed to have been born in Norfolk, Virginia in 1870. He claimed to have moved to Missouri in 1873 and was allegedly working at a sawmill at age 12 in 1882. In 1887 he temporarily moved to Florida to work on railroads. He fought in the Spanish-American War in 1898, subsequently relocating to Florida in 1907. He was working as a mason in 1913. He met his wife in 1919, and had twelve children. In 1960, at the alleged age of 89/90, he was arrested for drunk driving. By 1977 he claimed to have outlived his wife and four of his 12 children. Beard claimed to have built his house at age 103 with the help of a grandson.
At the time of his death, at the age of 114 years, 222 days, Beard was the oldest verified person ever and the first person verified to have reached 114 years of age, although Shigechiyo Izumi was still alive and thought to have been older.
Doubts.
After his death, doubts surfaced as to whether the Mathew Beard who died in 1985 was the same person who was born in 1870. His claims of working at age 103 and moving around a lot have both raised doubts about his claim and also made his story difficult to verify. A reporter interviewing Beard at the alleged age of 107 claimed that Beard looked younger than said age.

</doc>
<doc id="36565035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565035" title="Sawarn Singh">
Sawarn Singh

Sawarn Singh is an Indian rower. He was born on 20 February 1990 at Dalelwala Mansa in Punjab, India. He primarily competes in single scull events. He has qualified for 2012 Summer Olympics in Men's single scull event and reached last eight (7:00.49, 2 km). Swarn Singh Virk secured his spot in the London Olympics by winning his event at the FISA Olympic Continental Qualification Regatta for Asia in Chung Ju, Korea. The 21-year-old Virk qualified in the men's single sculls even for the mega-event.
London Olympics was the maiden Olympics appearance for the Jharkhand National Games gold medallist.

</doc>
<doc id="36565049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565049" title="Strength of Heart">
Strength of Heart

Strength Of Heart is the re-released version of Gary Hughes's 1989 first album Big Bad Wolf.
Track listing.
All songs, music and lyrics written by Gary Hughes.
Production.
Mixed and Mastered at Woodlands Studios

</doc>
<doc id="36565056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565056" title="List of Chairmen of the Legislative Assembly of Chelyabinsk Oblast">
List of Chairmen of the Legislative Assembly of Chelyabinsk Oblast

The Chairman of the Legislative Assembly of Chelyabinsk Oblast is the presiding officer of that legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="36565062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565062" title="Boadi (surname)">
Boadi (surname)

Boadi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36565108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565108" title="Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co.">
Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co.

Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., 133 S.Ct. 1659 (2013), was a United States Supreme Court decision in which the court found that the Alien Tort Claims Act presumptively does not apply extraterritorially.
Facts.
The plaintiffs in "Kiobel" were citizens of Nigeria who claimed that Dutch, British, and Nigerian oil-exploration corporations aided and abetted the Nigerian government during the 1990s in committing violations of customary international law. The plaintiffs claimed that Royal Dutch Shell compelled its Nigerian subsidiary, in cooperation with the Nigerian government, to brutally crush peaceful resistance to aggressive oil development in the Ogoni Niger River Delta. Plaintiffs sought damages under the ATS. The defendants moved to dismiss based on a two-pronged argument. First, they argued that customary international law itself provides the rules by which to decide whether conduct violates the law of nations where non-state actors are alleged to have committed the wrong in question. Second, they contended that no norm has ever existed between nations that imposes liability upon corporate actors. On September 29, 2006, the district court dismissed the plaintiffs' claims for aiding and abetting property destruction; forced exile; extrajudicial killing; and violation of the rights to life, liberty, security, and association. It reasoned that customary international law did not define those violations with sufficient particularity. The court denied the defendants' motion to dismiss with respect to the remaining claims of aiding and abetting arbitrary arrest and detention; crimes against humanity; and torture or cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment. The district court then certified its entire order for interlocutory appeal to the Second Circuit based on the serious nature of the questions at issue.
In a 2–1 decision issued on September 17, 2010, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit held that corporations cannot be held liable for violations of customary international law, finding that: (1) under both U.S. Supreme Court and Second Circuit precedents over the previous 30 years that address ATS suits alleging violations of customary international law, the scope of liability is determined by customary international law itself; (2) under Supreme Court precedent, the ATS requires courts to apply norms of international law—and not domestic law—to the scope of defendants' liabilities. Such norms must be "specific, universal and obligatory"; and (3) under international law, "corporate liability is not a discernible—much less a universally recognized—norm of customary international law", that the court could apply to the ATS, and that the plaintiffs' ATS claims should indeed be dismissed for lack of subject matter jurisdiction.
Briefing and Oral Argument.
Kiobel petitioned the Supreme Court for review of the Second Circuit's decision, and this was granted on October 17, 2011. Oral arguments were held on February 28, 2012, The arguments received considerable attention in the legal community. Unexpectedly, the Supreme Court announced on March 5, 2012, that it would hold additional argument on the case during the October 2012 term, and directed the parties to file new briefs on the question "Whether and under what circumstances the Alien Tort Statute, 28 U.S.C. § 1350, allows courts to recognize a cause of action for violations of the law of nations occurring within the territory of a sovereign other than the United States." Reargument of the case occurred on October 1, 2012.
Opinion of the Court.
The unanimous Court, in an opinion joined by five justices, held that the presumption against extraterritoriality applies to claims under the ATS, and nothing in the statute rebuts that presumption. The presumption against extraterritoriality is a canon of statutory interpretation that provides that when a statute gives no clear indication of an extraterritorial application, it has none. Writing for the Court, Chief Justice Roberts observed that while the presumption applies to merits questions, and that the ATS is strictly jurisdictional, the canon should nevertheless apply to the ATS because of the danger of judicial interference in foreign policy.
The Court further reasons that nothing in the text, history or purposes of the ATS rebuts the presumption. The common law transitory torts doctrine, which holds that causes based on a transitory action arising abroad may be considered as happening domestically, does not help rebut the presumption because that is not the only necessary meaning of the statute’s text. The Court also disregards a 1795 opinion by George Washington's Attorney General William Bradford, stating that “there can be no doubt” of tort liability for American citizens who had been plundering inside Sierra Leone. Because General Bradford’s wording “defies a definitive reading” the opinion does not counter the presumption. Finally, the Court found it would be implausible to suppose that the First Congress wanted to make the United States a “uniquely hospitable forum for the enforcement of international norms.”
Concurrences.
Justice Kennedy separately wrote a one-paragraph concurrence noting that the presumption against extraterritorial application “may require some further elaboration and explanation.”
Justice Alito, joined by Justice Thomas, agreed that the ATS does not apply extraterritorially and additionally declared that the statute only applies in the United States for violations of international law as it was understood by Blackstone in 1769.
Justice Breyer, joined by Justices Ginsburg, Sotomayor and Kagan, concurred with the judgment but reject the Court’s reasoning. The four justices do not believe that the presumption against extraterritoriality applies to the ATS. Instead, the concurrence sees ATS jurisdiction as limited to when the tort occurs on American soil, the defendant is an American national, or when there is an important American national interest, such as not providing safe harbor to hostis humani generis.
Breyer first attacks the majority’s view that the presumption is not rebutted. He notes that while the majority sees the ATS as applying to piracy on the high seas, piracy necessarily occurs aboard a ship and so is considered to occur within the territory of the ship’s flag state. Breyer then outlines the long history of an international duty to not provide safe harbor to hostis humani generis, or the common enemy of mankind. He then reviews thirty years of U.S. Court of Appeals cases holding for extraterritorial application of the ATS. The concurrence takes issue with the majority’s characterization of the ATS as “uniquely hospitable” noting that many countries permit extraterritorial suits, citing Dutch, English, International Court of Justice, and European Commission sources. The Court’s concern regarding unwarranted judicial interference in the conduct of foreign affairs is rejected by Breyer, noting US obligations under the Convention Against Torture, the third Geneva Convention, the International Convention for the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, and several other treaties. Ultimately, however, the concurrence agrees with the Court’s judgment because the mere corporate presence of a foreign defendant who did not directly engage in committing atrocities abroad does not invoke a national interest in denying safe harbor to a common enemy of mankind.

</doc>
<doc id="36565144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565144" title="LOOP (programming language)">
LOOP (programming language)

LOOP is a pedagogical programming language designed by Uwe Schöning, along with GOTO and WHILE. The only operations supported in the language are assignment, addition and looping.
The key property of the LOOP language is that the functions it can compute are exactly the primitive recursive functions.
Features.
Each primitive recursive function is LOOP-computable and vice versa.
In contrast to GOTO programs and WHILE programs, LOOP programs always terminate. Therefore, the set of functions computable by LOOP-programs is a proper subset of computable functions (and thus a subset of the computable by WHILE and GOTO program functions).
An example of a total computable function that is not LOOP computable is the Ackermann function.
Formal definition.
Syntax.
LOOP-programs consist of the symbols codice_1, codice_2, codice_3, codice_4, codice_5, codice_6 and codice_7 as well as any number of variables and constants. LOOP-programs have the following syntax in modified Backus-Naur Form:
Here, formula_2 are variable names and formula_3 are constants.
Semantics.
If P is a LOOP program, P is equivalent to a function formula_4. The variables formula_5 through formula_6 in a LOOP program correspond to the arguments of the function formula_7, and are initialized before program execution with the appropriate values. All other variables are given the initial value zero. The variable formula_8 corresponds to the value that formula_7 takes when given the argument values from formula_5 through formula_6.
A statement of the form
means the value of the constant formula_12 is added to the value of the variable formula_5, and the result is set as the value of the variable formula_8. formula_12 can have the value zero, which allows the value of one variable to be assigned to another variable:
A statement of the form
means the value of the constant formula_12is subtracted from the value of the variable formula_5, and the result is set as the value of the variable formula_8. Negative numbers aren't allowed, and are replaced by zeros.
Variables are allowed to be simultaneously on the left and right side of an assignment. A statement of the form:
 x1: = x1 + c
for example, adds the value of the constant formula_12 to the variable formula_5.
A statement of the form
represents the sequential execution of sub-programs formula_21 and formula_22, in that order.
A statement of the form
means the repeated execution of the partial program formula_23 a total of formula_24 times, where the value that formula_24 has at the beginning of the execution of the statement is used. Even if formula_23 changes the value of formula_24, it won't affect how many times formula_23 is executed in the loop. If formula_24 has the value zero, then formula_23 is not executed inside the codice_1 statement. This allows for branches in LOOP programs, where the conditional execution of a partial program depends on whether a variable has value zero or one.
Example Programs.
Addition.
In the following program, the variable formula_8 is set to the sum of the variables formula_5 and formula_33.
formula_8 is first assigned the value of formula_5. Then, formula_8 is incremented a total of formula_33 times by the codice_1 statement. This program can be used as a subroutine in other LOOP programs. The LOOP syntax can be extended with the following statement, equivalent to calling the above as a subroutine:
Multiplication.
The following LOOP program sets the value of the variable formula_8 to the product of the variables formula_5 and formula_33.
This multiplication program uses the syntax introduced by the addition subroutine from the previous example. The multiplication is performed here by adding the value of formula_33 a total of formula_5 times, storing results in formula_8.

</doc>
<doc id="36565173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565173" title="AK Nikšić">
AK Nikšić

AK Nikšić is an athletics club from Nikšić, Montenegro. It was founded on 31 July 1997 by former marathoner Drago Musić. It competes in domestic competitions organized by the Athletic Federation of Montenegro.

</doc>
<doc id="36565174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565174" title="Vladan Milosavljev">
Vladan Milosavljev

Vladan Milosavljev (Serbian Cyrillic: Владан Милосављев; born 1 February 1987 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football midfielder who currently plays for the Gambrinus Liga club FC Baník Ostrava.
FC Baník Ostrava.
He came to Ostrava in July 2012. He made his debut for FC Baník Ostrava against FK Baumit Jablonec on 28 July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36565177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565177" title="Bycatch reduction device">
Bycatch reduction device

In the fishery business, a bycatch reduction device is a tool designed to minimize unintended capture (or bycatch) of marine animals, thus reducing the adverse effects of fishing on the ecosystem.
Development.
To minimize accidental capture of marine animals, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) fisheries developed and tested bycatch reduction devices (BRDs). These devices are openings in shrimp trawl nets that allow finfish or other unwanted aquatic animals to escape, while the target species, such as shrimp, is directed towards the tail bag or cod end of the net. The placement and design have been developed in conjunction with normal bottom trawling practices, using trawl nets outfitted with a turtle excluder device. BRDs are required in shrimp trawl nets working in the federal waters of the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic regions.
Legal imperative.
Officially, National Standard 9 was added to the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act in 1996 to address the need to control the magnitude of bycatching. The standard mandates minimizing bycatch to the extent practicable and minimizing mortality of unavoidable bycatch. Congress increased requirements to protect this harvest in the Marine Mammal Protection Act and the Endangered Species Act. In response to these mandates, NOAA Fisheries (National Marine Fisheries Service) developed an ongoing by-catch plan and published Amendment 10 to the Fisheries Management Plan of the Gulf of Mexico Fisheries Management Council.
In conjunction with the plan, NOAA fisheries and other agencies collect data in order to monitor the extent and type of bycatch in all U.S. fishery regions. The associated research plan for the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic fisheries is available online. A portion of the Sea Grant website is dedicated to providing information and an archive of articles about the conservation efforts of commercial shrimpers associated with the use of BRDs in the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic regions.
Research.
Between 1990 and 1996, research in the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic shrimp trawl fisheries examined the proportions of catch and bycatch by weight. The data indicated that catches in the Gulf consisted of about 67 percent finned fish, 16 percent commercial shrimp, 13 percent non-commercial shrimp, and 4 percent other invertebrates. In the South Atlantic, the catch averaged 51 percent finned fish, 18 percent commercial shrimp, 13 percent non-commercial shrimp and crustaceans, and 18 percent non-crustacean invertebrates (by weight).
After insertion of various types of BRDs in the shrimp trawl nets, significant reductions were noted for Spanish mackerel, weakfish, croakers and spot in the South Atlantic region and for Atlantic croakers, king mackerel, Spanish mackerel and red snapper in the Gulf region. Red snapper conservation is one of the primary reasons for interest in BRDs by the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council.
During 1997 and 1998, trawls in federal waters of the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic regions were required to insert and use a BRD in their nets. This device is installed in the cod end of a shrimp trawl for the purpose of excluding finfish from the net. Since then, NOAA fisheries have certified three types of BRDs for use in the Gulf of Mexico region: the Gulf Fisheye, the Jones-Davis, and the Fisheye BRDs; and five for the south Atlantic region: the Extended Funnel, Expanded Mesh, Fisheye, Gulf Fisheye and Jones-Davis BRDs.
According to research conducted during 2003-2004, the Extended Funnel BRD and an Expanded Mesh BRD were found to be successful in the South Atlantic, while the 12” by 5” Fisheye BRD was considered successful in both South Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico waters. These conclusions are subject to continuing research.

</doc>
<doc id="36565179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565179" title="Lattice (module)">
Lattice (module)

In mathematics, in the field of ring theory, a lattice is a module over a ring which is embedded in a vector space over a field, giving an algebraic generalisation of the way a lattice group is embedded in a real vector space.
Let "R" be an integral domain with field of fractions "K". An "R"-module "M" is a "lattice" in the "K"-vector space "V" if "M" is finitely generated, "R"-torsion-free (no non-zero element of "M" is annihilated by a regular element of "R") and an "R"-submodule of "V". It is "full" if "V" = "K"·"M".
A submodule "N" of "M" which is again a lattice is an "R"-pure sublattice if "M"/"N" is "R"-torsionfree. There is a one-to-one correspondence between "R"-pure sublattices "N" of "M" and "K"-subspaces "W" of "V" given by

</doc>
<doc id="36565180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565180" title="Poku">
Poku

Poku is a surname. Notable people with the surname include

</doc>
<doc id="36565205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565205" title="Junel Baculi">
Junel Baculi

Edmundo "Junel" Baculi is the former head coach of the GlobalPort Batang Pier. in PBA. He is also currently the athletic director of National University. In PBL, he also coached Hapee-PCU Dolphins and had many titles.
Prior to coaching, Baculi played varsity basketball for the Mapua Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36565238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565238" title="Rudy Lingganay">
Rudy Lingganay

Rudy B. Lingganay Jr. (born August 15, 1986) is a professional basketball player. He plays for the GlobalPort Batang Pier in Philippine Basketball Association.
Statistics.
"Correct as of January 3, 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="36565251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565251" title="Uganda National Contemporary Ballet">
Uganda National Contemporary Ballet

Uganda National Contemporary Ballet or UNCB is a Ugandan dance company established in 2007 as Burudani Dance Company.
History.
On September 16, 2007, with the backing of Alliance Française and the UGCS/Goethe Institute, Black & White and Memories of Child Soldiers were presented for the first time at the Ndere Centre in Kampala. The performances, involving 15 professional Ugandan dancers and choreographed by Valerie Miquel, was so popular that the group went on to form the Burudani Dance Company that is being head by Valerie Miquel as the Company Director.
Profile.
In November 2007, the company was featured in a broadcast to a well known French-German TV programme Arte Metropolis. In February 2008 UNCB performed for the President of Germany and his delegation, as well as for representatives of the government of Uganda under Burudani Dance Company.
UNCB has toured France in May 2008, Germany in September to October 2008, and East Africa in October 2008. Since March 2009, Burudani Dance Company changed its name to the Uganda National Contemporary Ballet (UNCB). UNCB performs a minimum of two shows a month at the National Theatre in Kampala and several shows at corporate functions at Serena hotel, Sheraton Hotel, Hotel Africana plus many such venues like Munyoyo etc.
UNCB has also created pieces for the following : Goethe Centre, Alliance Française, Europe Uganda Village, Orange, International Women Organization, Goethe Centrum, the Global 2009 Smart Partnership Dialogue, Rotary Club, Thermal Cool Uganda, Ugandan Wildlife Authority to help celebrate the International Year of the Gorilla, Japanese Embassy, Fang Fang Restaurant (Chinese New Year), Norwegian Embassy, as part of an international workshop for women’s rights, for the prevention of domestic violence in Uganda.

</doc>
<doc id="36565254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565254" title="Hall of Records (disambiguation)">
Hall of Records (disambiguation)

Hall of Records may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36565260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565260" title="Gyamfi">
Gyamfi

Gyamfi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36565273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565273" title="Masato Yokota">
Masato Yokota

Masato Yokota (born November 19, 1987 in Tokyo) is a Japanese track and field athlete, specializing in the 800 metres. He is Japanese record holder in the 800 metres.
He graduated the Keio University. He trains at Fujitsu Track & Field team. As the winner of the Japanese Olympic Trials, Masato is representing his home country in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He has also competed in the 2007 and 2011 IAAF World Championships in Athletics. As of 2012, he has won six Japan Championships (2006 - 2007, 2009 - 2012).
Masato trains in the United States as a member of the Santa Monica Track Club.

</doc>
<doc id="36565283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565283" title="List of Indian commissions">
List of Indian commissions

Commissions are constituted by the Government of India either in ad hoc or permanent basis, to guide, advice or provide solutions to various issues coming under the concerned ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="36565304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565304" title="José Carlos Castillo">
José Carlos Castillo

José Carlos Castillo (born 8 August 1992) is a Guatemalan football forward who plays for Chiapas in the Liga MX.
Career.
Castillo started his football career in the Athletics team of the Centro Escolar El Roble. He joined than in the 2009 season to Juventud Saleciana and earned his first senior caps.
Nicknamed "Harry Potter", Castillo played collegiate soccer at Virginia Commonwealth University before joining the Chiapas under-20 side in June 2012.
International.
Castillo has played for Guatemala at various youth levels, appearing for the Guatemala national under-17 football team at the Premundial Sub 17 2008 in Mexico. He played also with the Guatemala national under-20 football team at the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup finals in Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="36565334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565334" title="Opera (Andrea Bocelli album)">
Opera (Andrea Bocelli album)

Opera is the first Classical compilation album of opera arias by Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli. The album was only released in the United Kingdom and charted in the album charts of both the UK and Ireland.
Background.
The album is a compilation of arias from Bocelli's previously recorded Classical albums.
Commercial performance.
The album debuted at No. 10 on the UK Albums Chart, following Bocelli's performance of Nessun dorma on the Strictly Come Dancing results show the day before. With 14,577 copies sold, it became Bocelli's 16th Top 40 album and seventh Top 10 entry since his 1997 breakthrough, "Romanza", while lifting his career sales to a 4,964,058 total in the United Kingdom. 

</doc>
<doc id="36565345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565345" title="Amponsah">
Amponsah

Amponsah is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36565384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565384" title="Whitney Rydbeck">
Whitney Rydbeck

Whitney Rydbeck (born on March 13, 1945) is an American actor. Rydbeck has had a prolific career as a TV and film actor, having appeared in over fifty different television and motion picture titles. Some of his notable TV series performances have been on the shows "Scrubs", "7th Heaven", "Walt Disney's Wonderful World of Color", "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century", ', and "Far Out Space Nuts". He has also appeared on the silver screen in "Grand Jury", "Battle Beyond the Stars", "A Very Brady Sequel", "Oliver & Company", and '.

</doc>
<doc id="36565401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565401" title="List of Australian films of 2013">
List of Australian films of 2013


</doc>
<doc id="36565417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565417" title="Mohamed Ajfan Rasheed">
Mohamed Ajfan Rasheed

Mohamed Ajfan Rasheed (born 15 February 1990) is a Maldivian badminton player.
Career.
Ajfan took part in the 2010 Asian Games and Commonwealth Games, without having to put in front of the field can. In the 2011 Indian Ocean Island Games he finished third in the men's singles. 2012 he took part in the Badminton Asia Championships. In May 2012, he received a wild card to attend the Olympic Games in London where Ajfan was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36565421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565421" title="List of medical schools in Malaysia">
List of medical schools in Malaysia

Medical Schools in Malaysia generally offer a five-year undergraduate program for future doctors. It is compulsory for students who has graduated from medical school to work in the Government Hospital under housemanship program for a duration of three years. Under section 40 of the Malaysian Medical Act 1971, every practitioner has to serve a minimum period of continuous total period of not less than three years within the public services upon being given full registration as a doctor. As defined under Article 132 of the Federal Constitution, this service may be completed in a government healthcare facility the Ministry of Health or other government agencies as determined by the Director General of Health.
Admissions.
Entry to the medical schools is very competitive. Courses last five or six years. The medical program is usually divided into 3 phases. Phase 1 consists of the first two years of the programme involving integrated teaching and learning of the relevant basic medical sciences. Phase II (Year 3) and Phase III (Year 4 and Year 5) involves clinical skills development and subsequently consolidation of clinical clerkship in the various clinical disciplines. Two years of pre-clinical training in an academic environment and three years clinical training at a teaching hospital. Medical schools and teaching hospitals are closely integrated. Entry requirements are basically based on Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia (STPM), GCE A Level, International Baccalaureate (IB) or Unified Examination Certificate.

</doc>
<doc id="36565423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565423" title="Yanışlı">
Yanışlı

Yanışlı is a village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated on Turkish state highway . Distance to Gülnar is and to Mersin is . The population of the village is 138 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36565430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565430" title="Karikari (surname)">
Karikari (surname)

Karikari is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36565446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565446" title="Tianjin Airlines destinations">
Tianjin Airlines destinations

Tianjin Airlines serves the following destinations (as of January 2013) under its own airline code and branding:

</doc>
<doc id="36565451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565451" title="Koçaşlı">
Koçaşlı

Koçaşlıi is a small village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated to the north of Turkish state highway . Distance to Gülnar is and to Mersin is . The population of the village is 70 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36565471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565471" title="2013 British Formula Three season">
2013 British Formula Three season

The 2013 Cooper Tires British Formula Three International Series season was the 63rd British Formula Three Championship season. The series, promoted by the Stéphane Ratel Organisation, began on 25 May at Silverstone and ended on 22 September at the Nürburgring after twelve races to be held at four meetings. The championship was won by Jordan King.
Regulation changes.
After all races awarded equal championship points during the 2012 season, the 2013 season saw the re-introduction of fewer points awarded to drivers in the second race. The first and third races awarded points using the same system as used in Formula One – with twenty-five points for the winner, down to one point for tenth place – with the reverse-grid race offering twelve points for the winner down to half a point for tenth place.
A five-race "mini-series" for older-specification Formula Three cars was also scheduled to be introduced for the 2013 season, after only two drivers competed in a full-season campaign in the Rookie class, in 2012. However, with the championship realignment in January 2013, older-specification cars were able to compete at every meeting.
Race calendar and results.
A provisional ten-round calendar was announced on 28 July 2012. This was later revised down to nine rounds – with series organisers SRO open to the addition of a tenth meeting – on 18 December 2012. In January 2013, SRO reduced the calendar yet further, to just four triple-header meetings; two events in the United Kingdom and two overseas, in Belgium and Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="36565472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565472" title="Ionuț Neag">
Ionuț Neag

Ioan Neag (born 18 February 1994 in Pianu, Romania) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a centre back for the Liga I club Universitatea Cluj.
Club career.
Neag started playing football at CSȘ Sebeș. In 2008 he was spotted by Ardealul Cluj's trainer, Mihai Georgescu, at a competition that was organised by the Romanian Football Federation for 14 year old players. Georgescu brought Neag to Ardealul and in 2010, together with other teammates, he joined Universitatea Cluj. He made his debut in Liga I on 15 May 2012, in a match against Voința Sibiu.
In 2012, Universitatea Cluj's owner, Florian Walter transferred most of the team's players at Petrolul Ploiești, including Ionuț Neag. The player spent one season at Petrolul Ploiești and returned to Universitatea Cluj in 2013.
International career.
Neag made his debut for Romania U-17 on 24 March 2011 in a game against Iceland U-17. He was part of the squad that played for the Romania under-17 national team that took part in the 2011 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship, but didn't play a game.

</doc>
<doc id="36565483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565483" title="San Francisco Drag King Contest">
San Francisco Drag King Contest

The San Francisco Drag King Contest is an annual contest for drag kings held in San Francisco, California. It is the biggest drag king contest in the world, and the longest running drag king competition in the U.S. The related International Drag King Community Extravaganza (IDKE) is the largest drag king performance event in the world but not a contest.
Contestants are judged on talent, creativity, studliness, sex appeal, originality, humor, make-up/facial hair, and fashion by celebrity judges. The contestants main requirement is that they come from the Bay Area, otherwise the organizer notes "we have gay women who identify as dykes or lesbians, we have transgender men, we have straight or bisexual women." Contestants vie for the title and a large gift packs from sponsors. In addition to various awards (Best lip-synching, Best costuming, etc.) a sole king and a group are named as the night's winners. 
The audience tends to be in the gender-bender spirit with many of the mostly lesbian audience also cross-dressed in male attire with fake facial hair.
Background and history.
Drag kings are mostly female performance artists who dress in masculine drag and personify male gender stereotypes as part of their routine. A typical show may incorporate dancing and singing, sometimes live or lip-synching to pre-recorded tracks. Drag kings often perform as exaggeratedly macho male characters, portray marginalized masculinities such as construction workers, rappers, or "fag drag," or they will impersonate male celebrities like Elvis Presley, Michael Jackson, and Tim McGraw.
In "Female Masculinity" Judith Halberstam notes that in the 1990s most major U.S. cities have some drag king acts as part of its queer club subculture. 
In 1993 The LAB produced a drag king contest at the DNA lounge hosted by Elvis Herselvis and Justin Bond, Stafford was declared the winner. The first annual S.F. Drag King contest was held in May 1994 at the San Francisco Eagle bar, in the SOMA district. It was a pageant and photo shoot that resulted in the city's first drag king calendar.
The following summer in 1995, as a part of a weekly alternative club called Klubstitute in the San Francisco's Mission district, the Mr. Klubstitute pageant took place. It included emcee Elvis Herselvis and the eight contestants were judges on fashion, talent, and question-and-answer.
Over the first twelve years the performances evolved from more spontaneous performances being rehearsed months in advanced and big production numbers.
In 2002 an assault on a patron in front of the venue where the contest was held was later settled as a hate crime case. 
In 2006 then supervisor Tom Ammiano and the S.F.Board of Supervisors presented a proclamation honoring the event. 
In 2007 then-Senator Carol Migden and The California Senate presented a proclamation for SFDKC, an event "that celebrates the diversity of genders and in appreciation of the creative performances that contribute and enrich San Francisco’s entertainment community."
Winners.
Winners are announced for individual kings, and starting in 2005 for troupes as well:

</doc>
<doc id="36565517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565517" title="Neil Ryan Sese">
Neil Ryan Sese

Neil Ryan Sese is a Filipino television, movie and theatre actor. He was born April 26, 1979 in Lucena City, Quezon, Philippines. He is currently working as an exclusive talent of GMA Network.
Background.
Neil Ryan Sese was only seven years old when his parents separated. His father, a radiologist from Masbate, left their home and he never saw him again. His father had apparently remarried, for years later Neil met a fellow who said they are half-brothers.
The young Neil then, an only child, grew up in Lucena City, Quezon, where his mother Rosalyn Sese took charge of his upbringing, enrolled him at Maryhill College, and encouraged him to be well-rounded and to join all the clubs: Drama Club, Science Club, Mathematics Club, etc.
1993, he went to Manila, wanting to study at the University of Santo Tomas to be with his peers but his mother told him to enroll at the University of the Philippines. And so he took a nonquota course entrance exam. Freshman year was devoted to general subjects like mathematics, but soon he found himself auditioning and appearing in Dulaang UP plays.
By the second year, he was enjoying being a campus actor, appearing in classic plays like Oedipus Rex and learning a lot from mentors like director Tony Mabesa and the late actor Rey Ventura. And so he dropped his plan to take up Mass Communication major in Theatre Arts. He has been at it ever since. He became part of several plays in Dulaang UP, UP Shakespearean Company ("Othello, The Merchant of Venice" and "The Taming of the Shrew"), Tanghalang Pilipino at Bulwagang Gantimpala. He also played in some Asian dramas such as: "St. Louis Loves Dem Filipinos, Hudhud, Kanjicho, Sepharad: Voces de Exilio, Basilia Ng Malolos, Orpheus Descending" and "Sa Ngalan Ng Anak".
Television, however, remains his "bread and butter", where he gets to appear in several drama series and play character roles. 2011, when he played the role of Simeon in the highly successful drama series, "Munting Heredera" which he considered as his biggest break ever. His career is currently handling by an award-winning director/manager Maryo J. de los Reyes. The same year, he signed a three-year exclusive contract with GMA Network. His first project as an exclusive talent of the network was the series Biritera where he played one of the lead roles. 
Sese is also a favorite of indie film directors, landing choice roles in acclaimed movies like "Ang Pagdadalaga ni Maximo Oliveros", "Mangatyanan", "Sanglaan" and "Huling Pasada".
In "Huling Pasadsa", he was nominated for Best Actor by the respected critics but lost out to a deserving veteran, Ronnie Lazaro.
It is in his chosen field of theater that Sese really gets to test his mettle as an actor. In the recent Amphitryon, a Dulaang UP production directed by José Estrella, he displayed his comic side. And he scored as Stanley Kowalski in Tanghalang Pilipino's "Flores Para los Muertos" (a translation of Tennessee Williams' "A Streetcar Named Desire"), directed by Floy Quintos.
Filmography.
Film.
Note: Both mainstream and independent films

</doc>
<doc id="36565520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565520" title="The Fifth Season (film)">
The Fifth Season (film)

The Fifth Season () is a 2012 Belgian drama film directed by Peter Brosens and Jessica Woodworth. The film was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 69th Venice International Film Festival. The film received four nominations at the 4th Magritte Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="36565525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565525" title="Dai Xiangyu">
Dai Xiangyu

Dai Xiangyu (, born 27 December 1984), previously known as Dai Yangtian (), is a Chinese actor and model based in Singapore.
Career.
Born in China, Dai did some modeling in Japan and Shanghai. While in Shanghai he was talent-spotted by MediaCorp and moved to Singapore to sign the contract. His big break came in 2008 when he played Yamamoto Yousuke, a Japanese photographer, in the blockbuster series "The Little Nyonya" and earned a nomination for the Best Supporting Actor at the 2009 Star Awards. This is the first time he paired with Jeanette Aw. 
Dai paired the second time with Jeanette Aw in "Together".Dai acted Yang Nian Qing's(Jeanette Aw) brother in Breakout. This is the third time Dai acted with Jeanette Aw. After the 2010 year-end blockbuster "Breakout", Dai took a break and did not appear in any locally produced series. He briefly returned to China to film a co-production drama "Precious". He played Ling Zhi Chu in "Precious".
As of 29 July 2013, Dai has officially changed his name from Dai Yangtian to Dai Xiangyu.

</doc>
<doc id="36565527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565527" title="Asare">
Asare

Asare is an Asante surname and first name. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36565534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565534" title="Şerif Mardin">
Şerif Mardin

Şerif Mardin (born 1927) is a prominent Turkish sociologist, political scientist, academic and thinker. He is called the doyen of Turkish sociology.
Early life and education.
Mardin was born in Istanbul in 1927. His father is Şemsettin Mardin, a Turkish ambassador. Şemsettin Mardin was a member of very long-established family and was uncle to Arif Mardin and Betul Mardin. Şerif Mardin's mother is Reya Mardin who was the daughter of Ahmet Cevdet, the founder of an Ottoman newspaper called "İkdam".
Mardin completed high school education in the US in 1944. He obtained a bachelor of arts degree in political sciences at Stanford University in 1948. Then he received a master of arts degree in international relations from Johns Hopkins University in 1950. He completed PhD studies in political science at Stanford University in 1958. His PhD dissertation was published by Princeton University Press with the title of "The Genesis of Young Ottoman Thought" in 1962.
Academic career.
Mardin began his academic career at the Faculty of Political Science, Ankara University in 1954 and his tenure lasted until 1956. Then he worked as a research associate at the Department of Oriental Studies of Princeton University from 1958 to 1961. He worked as a research fellow at the Middle East Institute of Harvard University for one year (1960-1961). He returned to Turkey and joined the Faculty of Political Science of Ankara University in 1961. He became associate professor in 1964 and professor in 1969. His academic studies at Ankara University continued until 1973. Then he worked at the Department of Political Science of Boğaziçi University from 1973 to 1991. Next, Mardin joined the Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences of Sabanci University in 1999, and he still works there. 
In addition to these academic posts, Mardin also worked as a visiting professor at different universities, including Columbia University, Princeton University, University of California, Los Angeles, University of California, Berkeley, Oxford University, Ecoles des Hautes Etudes en Sciences Sociales and Syracuse University.
Views.
Focusing on the Ottoman Empire, Mardin develops many hypotheses about the societal structure of Ottomans. For instance, he argues that in the Ottoman Empire, there was no 'civil society' in the Hegelian terms that could operate independently of central government and was based on property rights. Therefore, the lack of civil society led to a difference in the social evolution and political culture in Ottoman society in contrast to Western societies. Mardin applies the terms center and periphery to the Ottoman society, and reaches the conclusion that the society consisted of city dwellers, including the Sultan and his officials and nomads. The center included city dwellers, and the periphery nomads. The integration of center and periphery was not achieved. These two societal characteristics, namely the existence of center and periphery, and the lack of successful integration of them, also existed in the modern Turkish society and remained to be the major duality in Turkey. Mardin also emphasized the importance of Jon Turks' thought, addressing the attention of the English-speaking world. He analysed the thought of Said Nursi, who was part of this movement in the early years of his life. 
Instead of following mainstream accounts of modernization process in Turkey, he adopts an alternative approach in this regard. He claims that Turkish modernization is multi-dimensional. Therefore, reductionism in the form of binary accounts that were resulted from Kemalism cannot provide a satisfactory analysis of Turkish modernism. On the other hand, Mardin maintains that the gap between center and periphery continued during the process of Turkish modernization. Mardin also deals with the achievements of Kemalism. For him, Kemalism has been unsuccessful. But, the reason for this underachievement is not related to the fact that it has been insensitive to popularly held beliefs. Instead, Kemalism cannot be sufficiently linked to the heritage of Enlightenment. In short, Kemalism could not develop texts and philosophy of ethics to describe itself and to pass over next generations. 
Mardin coined the concept of "Turkish Exceptionalism" to reveal the reasons for the Turks in dealing with Islam and their vision of the state in a different fashion in contrast to other Moslem countries. Mardin objects the idea that the separation between religion and the state in Turkey was a product of Mustafa Kemal Ataturk’s movement. Instead, he argues that this separation began during the Ottoman period. Concerning secularism, Mardin also posits a view that reflects the exceptional use of the term in Turkey. He states that secularism in Turkey does not refer to a hostile state approach towards religion. Instead, secularism for Turks means that the state comes before religion by just “one millimeter”. Mardin further asserts that religion, Islam in this context, and its representatives, including clerics, function as a mediator between the individual and the state. Islam was also a unifying code for those in the periphery during the late period of the Ottoman Empire. 
In 2007, he coined the term “community pressure” ("Mahalle baskisi" in Turkish) to describe a sociological reality that has been experienced in the secular Turkish society as a result of raising of Islamic life-style in the country.
Works.
Books.
Mardin published many books on religion, modernization and society in the context of Turkey, and some of them are given as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36565535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565535" title="Margarita Luti">
Margarita Luti

Margarita Luti (also Margherita Luti or "La Fornarina", "the baker's daughter") was the mistress and model of Raphael. The story of their love has become "the archetypal artist-model relationship of Western tradition", yet little is known of her life. Of her, Flaubert wrote, in his "Dictionary of Received Ideas", "Fornarina. She was a beautiful woman. That is all you need to know."
Life.
According to Vasari, Raphael was a "very amorous man and affectionate towards the ladies". He is said to have painted portraits of his mistress and to have assigned the engraver il Baviera to serve as her page. When commissioned by Agostino Chigi to decorate the Villa Farnesina, he was unable to dedicate himself properly to his work due to his infatuation - until she was allowed to come to live at his side. Again according to Vasari, it was Raphael's immoderate indulgence in "amorous pleasures", one day taken to excess, that brought on the fever which led to the young artist's death in 1520. Although in the Pantheon he lies beside his fiancée Maria, daughter of his patron Bernardo Dovizi, Raphael had long delayed his marriage; on his deathbed he sent his mistress away "with the means to live an honest life".
Margarita is not mentioned by Vasari but is named twice in sixteenth-century marginalia to the second edition of his "Lives of the Most Excellent Painters, Sculptors, and Architects", beside the passage describing "La donna velata": "portrait of Margarita, Raphael's mistress ... Margarita". By the mid-eighteenth century she was referred to as "La Fornarina". In a letter of 1806, Melchior Missirini recounted the tale of their first meeting, of how Raphael fell in love after watching her as she bathed her feet in the Tiber in the garden beside his house in Trastevere, only to discover that "her mind was as beautiful as her body". Although this story is retold in Passavant's 1839 "Life of Raphael" and elsewhere, Missirini was known for his "pseudo-traditions"; "". In 1897 a document was discovered indicating that Margherita, widowed daughter of Francesco Luti of Siena, retired to the Convent of Santa Apollonia four months after Raphael's death. A small residence in "Via di Santa Dorotea" is now identified as her former home, one of three possible sites examined by Lanciani.
Art.
Two portraits by Raphael are identified as those of Margarita, "La Fornarina", where she is naked from the waist up, and, rather more demure, "La donna velata". The former was already the subject of several early testimonies before featuring in a 1642 inventory of the Barberini collection. X-ray analysis during restoration work at the beginning of the twenty-first century, sponsored by Estée Lauder, revealed a ring with a ruby on the third finger of her left hand. She wears a ribbon with the artist's name; the ring may hint at betrothal and the depth of their bond. The latter work is identified by Vasari as a portrait of Raphael's mistress, "whom he loved until he died, and of whom he made a most beautiful portrait, which seems spirited and alive". She also served as his model for the Virgin and in other religious works: her features have been traced in the "Madonna della seggiola", the "Madonna di Foligno", the kneeling figure in the "Transfiguration", the "Stanze di Raffaello", the "Ecstasy of St. Cecilia", and in "Galatea". In the five or six sonnets attributed to the painter, the Petrarchan theme of ideal love is prominent; in one, perhaps apocryphal, there is an accompanying drawing sometimes identified as being of "La Fornarina".
In addition, in his later years in Rome Raphael was one of the first Italian artist to consistently draw female figures from female models rather than the usual "garzoni" or young male assistants, and Luti probably modelled for many of the hundreds of his drawings that survive. 
Vasari is said by Anthony Blunt to have invented the legend of Raphael. The "Raphael-Fornarina myth" has been reimagined ever since "to fit the expectations of contemporary generations". In Comolli's 1790 "Life of Raphael", she is blamed for his death. In Balzac's "Splendeurs et misères des courtisanes", she is the "femme fatale" or "belle juive". In Joseph Méry's 1854 novel "Raphaël et la Fornarine", Raphael instead complains to the pope of the lack of blonde female models in Rome. For Baudelaire, hers were "the affections of a courtesan". Byron, struck by "La donna velata" while in Florence, styled his Venetian mistress Margherita Cogni as "La Fornarina". Caroline Norton wrote a sonnet in which Raphael tells Pope Leo X that she is his eyes. Nabokov suggests there was a feud between Raphael and Sebastiano del Piombo over rivalry for her affections, perhaps inspired by the former's "La Fornarina" and the latter's "Portrait of a Woman", also known as "La Fornarina".
In 1820, for the three hundredth anniversary of Raphael's death, Turner exhibited a painting of Raphael with "La Fornarina" at work on the Villa Farnesina. A pastel by Achille Devéria has Raphael paint her as she lies unrobed in their bed. A drawing by Fulchran-Jean Harriet shows the artist expiring in her arms. Ingres painted five versions of their amour, including those of 1814 and of 1840, and identified himself with the Renaissance artist. Callcott's "Raffaelle and the Fornarina" inspired a mezzotint of the same name by John Sartain. Among the drawings of Dante Gabriel Rossetti, founder of the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood, is "Quartier Latin, the Modern Raphael and his Fornarina". Picasso included a series of sexually explicit images of Raphael and "La Fornarina" in his "347 Suite", as a tribute to Ingres. In Enrico Guazzoni's 1944 film "La fornarina", Margherita is played by Lída Baarová, Goebbels' mistress. Margherita is also the focus of the first episode of Walerian Borowczyk's 1979 film "Les héroïnes du mal". Carl Zeller's comic opera "Die Fornarina" premiered in 1879. In Arensky's 1894 opera "Raphael", their passion is sublimated in a love duet. As Fornarina, Margarita also has a rose cultivar of 1862 named after her.

</doc>
<doc id="36565572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565572" title="Fill the Void">
Fill the Void

Fill the Void ( - lemale et ha'ḥalal) is a 2012 Israeli drama film written and directed by Rama Burshtein. It focuses on life among the Haredi Jewish community in Tel Aviv, Israel. Hadas Yaron stars as Shira Mendelman, an 18-year-old girl who is pressured to marry her deceased older sister's husband following the death of her sister in childbirth.
The film required a lengthy production period, taking over a year for the casting to be completed and another year and three months for editing. Burshtein, who was doubtful as to how much of the process would be completed, took a step-by-step approach, focusing first on the writing, then on accumulating enough funding for the project, followed by the filming and editing. Burshtein became the first Orthodox Jewish woman to direct a film intended for wide distribution. The film premiered at the 69th Venice Film Festival on 1 September 2012 and was later released in the United States on May 24, 2013.
"Fill the Void" was well received by critics for its depiction of Orthodox Jews and their lifestyle. It won seven Israeli Academy Awards, and lead actress Hadas Yaron won Best Actress for her portrayal of Shira at the Venice Film Festival.
Plot.
Shira Mendelman, an 18-year-old Haredi girl living in Tel Aviv, is looking forward to an arranged marriage with a young man whom she likes. However, on Purim, her family suffers a tragedy when Shira's older sister Esther dies in childbirth. Shira's father subsequently delays the engagement so as not to have to deal with an empty house so soon after Esther's death. Esther's husband, Yochay, begins to regularly bring their son, Mordechai, to the Mendelman's house, where Shira cares for him.
One day, Yochay's mother approaches Shira's mother, Rivka, about the possibility of Yochay remarrying, believing it to be best for Mordechai. She plans to suggest an offer from a widow in Belgium. Rivka is distraught by the idea of Mordechai being taken out of the country and suggests that Yochay marry Shira instead. He and Shira both initially oppose the prospect, though he eventually warms to it and she agrees to take it into consideration on learning that her previous engagement has been called off due to her father's delays.
Shortly afterwards, Frieda, a friend of Esther's who has never received any marriage proposals, tells Shira that Esther would have preferred that Yochay marry her in the event of her death. As a result, Shira tells Yochay that Frieda is more suitable, which he takes as an affront.
Shira and Yochay remain distant from one another afterwards, and he announces that he plans to move with Mordechai to marry the widow in Belgium. Shira, pressured by her family, agrees to go forward with the engagement to Yochay, believing it to be the best scenario for everyone. However, the rabbi realizes that Shira is acting to please her family and refuses to condone the marriage.
Time passes, and Shira eventually grows to love Yochay of her own accord. She approaches the rabbi and asks again that she and Yochay be married, and he agrees this time. The film closes with their wedding.
Production.
Writing and themes.
"Fill the Void" was written and directed by Rama Burshtein, who, in the course of its production, became the first Orthodox Jewish woman to direct a film intended to be viewed outside of the Orthodox community. In doing so, she hoped to create a greater understanding of the Orthodox community, in part by dispelling the common misconceptions that women are often forced into arranged marriages; despite the differences in structure, the woman is always given the final say in whom she marries. Burshtein also deliberately avoided depicting a divide between the religious and secular Jews, a theme that commonly appears in films about the Orthodox. She explained:
In her director's notes, Burshtein wrote, "I love Jane Austen. She's romantic, intelligent, and full of humor. … The parallel is also quite obvious in that 'Fill the Void' takes place in a world where the rules are rigid and clear. The characters are not looking for some way to burst out of that world. Instead, they are trying to find a way to live within it." Critics noted the similarities between Austen's characters and those in "Fill the Void", and Stephanie Merry from "The Washington Post" likened the character of Frieda to Charlotte Lucas from "Pride and Prejudice". Frieda, like Charlotte, has never had any marriage prospects and is the subject of others' pity as a result.
Merry suggested that, regardless of cultural differences, the story is universal due to "its themes of loss and family loyalty, not to mention the realization that life may not align with our idealized expectations". "Boston Globe" correspondent Peter Keough agreed that the "themes of love and loss, self-sacrifice and self-preservation" are applicable to audiences both in and outside the Orthodox community. John Podhoretz, an editor of "The Weekly Standard", was surprised that the "state of grace" featured prominently in "Fill the Void", perceiving it to be an uncommon concept in Jewish movies.
Casting.
Casting the film took a full year to complete, largely because, according to Burshtein, she "didn't know what wanted". She initially considered using "regular people" with no background in acting before realizing that "non-actors couldn't handle the complexities of their characters".
Israeli actress Hadas Yaron, then aged 20, was cast for the role of Shira, the protagonist of the film. She commented that her character "is much more naïve at 18 than I was when I was 18, and there was something so special about that and it was like going back to the basics". Yaron was unfamiliar with Orthodox practice prior to participating in "Fill the Void". In order to become better acquainted with Shira's lifestyle, she started memorizing all of the Hebrew blessings, saying, "There's something so beautiful about it because you're being so grateful all the time for everything you do and hoping that everything works out okay and I started doing those blessings every day and it sounds silly but it helps you feel that you are closer to the character."
Yiftach Klein was cast to act alongside her as Yochay Goldberg. Burshtein remarked that Klein "is a big star in Israel, and has played a pimp, a homosexual, and a cop (among many other roles), so I was not sure you could really believe him as this Orthodox guy. But his audition, and then his chemistry with Hadas were just perfect".
Additional cast members include Hila Feldman as Frieda, Irit Sheleg as Rivka Mendelman, Chaim Sharir as Aharon Mendelman, Razia Israeli as Aunt Hanna, Renana Raz as Esther Goldberg, Ido Samuel as Yossi Mendelman, Yael Tal as Shiffi, Michael David Weigl as Shtreicher, Neta Moran as Bilha, and Melech Thal as Rabbi.
As most of the main cast was not from the Orthodox community, Burshtein instructed them to attend all of the major events that take place within the film, including a wedding and a circumcision. Yaron commented, "the wedding it was so intense and bride was crying and she was really in it and I felt like she was my sister because I'm going to be like her in a while. So it was really helpful to experience all these things and to see how it is and to feel a part of it actually."
Costumes.
Chani Gurewitz oversaw costume design for the film, and much of the low budget was spent on the clothing worn by the actors, which was designed to be soft and colorful. Traditional Haredi style of dress was used, including hats and heavy attire worn by the males and modest dresses and head coverings worn by the females.
Filming.
Burshtein found creating a believable relationship between Yiftach Klein and Hadas Yaron to be one of the more challenging aspects of the production. She hoped to keep the relationship between Yochay and Shira enigmatic, with a strong undercurrent of tension, throughout the film. One method of doing so was ensuring that the actors never touched while filming. She explained, "That's how we see the enigma—the power of wanting and then restraining. The restraining "is" the power. The passion cannot exist if you have it all the time—the passion is only for something that you don't have. You have to work to keep the passion. Judaism is all about that." Burshtein considered including a scene in which Shira and Yochay kissed about halfway through the movie but decided against it, believing that the energy would be lost.
Yaron had never acted in a role with a romance before and at certain points found it difficult to portray the emotions her character felt when interacting with Yochay. Cinematographer Asaf Sudry assisted in conveying to the audience that the marriage between the lead characters would eventually take place by frequently using sunlight for their scenes.
In general, Sudry designed the visual effects in "Fill the Void" to create a claustrophobic view point. Blurred backgrounds were often utilized to focus on the faces of the characters, and most of the long takes were shot from an interior perspective. Sudry used Arri Alexa cameras and short-range lenses with limited camera movements to maintain the effect. Burshtein explained that this was done to illustrate that "the heart is very colorful and very small" and that "we as human beings only see fragments of the big picture; God sees the whole thing!" While a "documentary feel" was retained throughout most the film's duration, the style was switched for the wedding scene to create a euphoric atmosphere similar to those used in productions by Terrence Malick and David Lynch.
The film relied on subtext, requiring the actors to "read between the lines" for a number of their scenes. Most of the sentiments are understated, and Burshtein avoided having any of the characters break down or openly become angry when pressured. Yaron described a scene between Yochay and Rivka as her favorite, saying, "I think it's because there is so much pain there; it touches you the most when people feel something and try to hide it and you see it."
Following the completion of filming, Burshtein continued to edit the footage for another year and three months until it was declared complete.
Music.
Yitzhak Azulay composed the music played in "Fill the Void". He chose primarily melodic and traditional pieces, using them frequently throughout the film. Other soundtrack is composed largely of contemporary Orthodox pop music, and the prayers are "regularly chanted rather than spoken". The song "Im Eshkachech Yerushalayim" (Hebrew: אם אשכחך ירושלים, 'If I Forget Thee Jerusalem') features prominently in the film, playing at all three of the major events: the funeral, the Bris Milah, and the wedding. Azulay used an acapella version of the song, which is derived from an excerpt of Psalm 137 and expresses the yearnings of the Jewish people in exile following the Babylonian conquest of Jerusalem in 586 BCE: "If I forget you, O Jerusalem, let my right hand wither; Let my tongue stick to my palate if I cease to think of you, if I do not keep Jerusalem in memory even at my happiest hour."
Shira is frequently shown playing the accordion, which Hadas Yaron did not know how to play. She described it as a "very difficult instrument" and stated, "There was so much noise in scene. It was like rrrrrrnnnnngh I tried to play, I was faking the melody and it was ugly, very weird stuff. I had to really switch this button my head like don't listen to it and feel what you’'re feeling. It took a while because at the beginning, I was very aware of playing this horrible melody, if you could call it a melody, and I knew I had to feel something. It took a few takes because I thought, 'oh, how could crew listen to that? The cinematographer!' It took a while to ignore that and just be in the moment."
Reception.
Box office.
First released in Israel in September 2012, "Fill the Void" grossed $59,164 on its opening weekend. It appeared in three theaters with an average of $19,721 per theater, ranking at #38 in the country. During the film's eight-week release, it appeared in 64 theaters and reached a figure of $1,468,587 for total domestic gross. It was later released in the United States in May 2013, grossing $2,418,587 worldwide.
Critical reviews.
"Fill the Void" received generally positive reviews, garnering an 88% "fresh" rating based from 64 reviews on review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes; the consensus states: "Graceful, complex, and beautifully layered, "Fill the Void" offers a sympathetic portrait of an insulated culture by exploring universal themes." Several critics compared the female characters to Jane Austen's novels. The Weekly Standard editor John Podhoretz opinionated, "I don't know when I've ever seen a film as eerily perfect in tone and taste as "Fill the Void"...There isn't a moment when Burshtein goes wrong, goes melodramatic, goes didactic, goes false. Working as a woman of faith in a medium looked on with understandable suspicion and skepticism by those who believe as she does, Rama Burshtein has made a work of art of overwhelming beauty and impact." "The New York Post" critic Farran Smith Nehme disagreed, writing, "While the social milieu is nicely realized, other parts of the drama are not. Too often Burshtein cuts off a scene prematurely, darting away just as the crucial moment of emotion or confrontation appears."
"The Boston Globe" correspondent Peter Keough gave the film a highly favorable review:
Deborah Young from "The Hollywood Reporter" also published a good review, adding that it was "more realistic than beautiful, though when the story calls for it she has no trouble injecting poetry into a scene." A review in "Slant Magazine" was equally positive, adding that the film used "long static takes, restricting her shots largely to interiors and strategically alternating between depth staging and blurry backgrounds, Rama Burshtein brings a sense of inevitability and constriction to the insular world of Israeli Hassidic Judaism." More broadly, "Screen International" suggested that director "Burshtein paints a perfect bubble that can last only as long as it has no contact with the world outside (no secular presence is allowed in here)."
Additionally, critics praised the respect shown to the film's portrayal of Orthodox Jews. Jane Esiner from "The New York Times" suggested that, "While the film may deliver a message at odds with contemporary feminism in the eyes of some critics, the movie portrays female characters with a strength that is both subtle and believable." A. O. Scott, also from "The New York Times", added, "Their routines are dominated by prayer, ritual observance and obedience to Jewish law, but their world does not seem narrow and austere. On the contrary, it is at times almost unbearably full of feeling and significance."
Scott further commended the acting by Hadas Yaron, saying, "Shira is modest and sensible, forthright with her opinions and discreet about expressing emotion, but the way Ms. Yaron composes her features—and the way she is lighted by Ms. Burshtein and the cinematographer, Asaf Sudry—seems to offer direct access to her soul." Likewise, "Los Angeles Times" film critic Kenneth Turan found Yaron's performance "exceptional". By contrast, Peter Cavanese from "Pleasanton Weekly" disliked the idea of Shira marrying under the circumstances in the film and wrote that she "comes across as temperamentally battered by her mother and her potential husband, who is himself slow to see the wisdom of marrying Shira".
Awards.
The film won seven Ophir Awards, the Israeli equivalent of the American Oscars, including one for best director and one for best film. It was selected to compete for the Golden Lion award at the 69th Venice International Film Festival, and Hadas Yaron won the Volpi Cup for Best Actress. In September 2012, the film was selected as the Israeli entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards, but it did not make the final shortlist.

</doc>
<doc id="36565576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565576" title="Hippolyte-Julien-Joseph Lucas">
Hippolyte-Julien-Joseph Lucas

Hippolyte-Julien-Joseph Lucas (20 December 1807, Rennes – 16 November 1878, Paris) was a French writer and critic whose literary output was largely centered on theatre and opera.
He was the author of several plays and opera libretti. In addition to his original stage works, Lucas also translated plays and libretti by other authors for performances in French. These included plays by Aristophanes, Euripides, Lope de Vega, and Calderón as well as Donizetti's operas "Belisario", "Maria Padilla", and "Linda di Chamounix". He was the editor of "Le Siècle", but his literary and theatrical criticism appeared in many other French journals as well, most notably "L'Artiste", "La Minerve", and "Le Charivari". He was also a bookseller and later served as the librarian of the Bibliothèque de l'Arsenal.
Principal works.
Opera libretti
Non-fiction
Poetry
References.
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36565580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565580" title="Bauwens">
Bauwens

Bauwens is a Belgian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36565592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565592" title="L'Entregu CF">
L'Entregu CF

L'Entregu Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football club based in El Entrego in the autonomous community of Asturias.
It was founded in 1996 as a merge of the two local clubs:

</doc>
<doc id="36565599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565599" title="Chris Nam">
Chris Nam

Chris Moonkey Nam (born 20 June 1954) is a South Korean businessman and former Korean American community leader. A former citizen of the United States by naturalisation, he renounced that citizenship in 2011 in order to pursue his political ambitions in his country of birth.
Early life and career.
Nam was born in Uiseong, Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea. He earned bachelor's and master's degrees in public administration from Konkuk University, and also spent two years working for Korea Housing & Commercial Bank (한국주택은행, now part of KB Kookmin Bank). He moved to the United States in 1982, settling in Southern California. There, he founded New Star Realty in 1988; New Star would grow to become the largest real estate agency catering to the Korean American community. He also served as head of the Korean-American Federation of Los Angeles and the Korean-American Chamber of Commerce.
Federation of Korean Associations, USA.
In May 2009, Nam was elected as the 23rd president of the Federation of Korean Associations, USA. Among other activities as president, he spoke out in favour of efforts to raise voter turnout among South Koreans in the United States, noting that while there might be as many as 900,000 potential voters in the Los Angeles metropolitan area alone, there was only one polling place, which could take as much as two hours' travel for some voters to reach.
Grand National Party.
In July 2011, Nam was chosen by Hong Jun-pyo of the Grand National Party (now the Saenuri Party) as the head of the party's Overseas Korean Committee (재외국민위원). This position required him to be a South Korean citizen and not hold any foreign citizenships; however, he was unable to give up his U.S. citizenship by the deadline a month after he had been named to the position, and so his nomination was cancelled. His appointment with the U.S. embassy in Seoul to renounce citizenship was held in September. His renunciation was confirmed by a notice in the "Federal Register" in July 2012.
Honours and awards.
In August 2009, Nam was invited to speak at the graduation ceremony of his "alma mater" Konkuk University, and on the occasion was awarded an honorary doctorate in politics.

</doc>
<doc id="36565603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565603" title="Danso (name)">
Danso (name)

Danso is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Surname:
Given name:

</doc>
<doc id="36565610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565610" title="Kızılca">
Kızılca

Kızılca is a Turkish place name and may refer to the following places in Turkey:

</doc>
<doc id="36565641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565641" title="Faultline (album)">
Faultline (album)

Faultline is the second album of the American Avant-rock band Birdsongs of the Mesozoic, released in 1989 through Cuneiform Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36565660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565660" title="È stato il figlio">
È stato il figlio

È stato il figlio is a 2012 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Ciprì. The film was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 69th Venice International Film Festival. Ciprì won the Osella for Best Cinematography.

</doc>
<doc id="36565662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565662" title="John Rissler Messer">
John Rissler Messer

John Rissler "Jack" Messer (b. May 26, 1941) is a farmer and former political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Kelsey from 1967 to 1971, Tisdale-Kelsey from 1971 to 1975 and Kelsey-Tisdale from 1975 to 1980 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a New Democratic Party (NDP) member.
He was born in Tisdale, Saskatchewan, the son of William Frederick Messer and Margaret Elizabeth Rissler, and was educated there and in Vancouver, British Columbia. Messer worked in real estate in Vancouver before continuing his studies at the University of British Columbia and the University of Saskatchewan. He then returned to Tisdale and settled on a farm near the town. In 1960, he married Joanne Bryson, the daughter of Hugh Alexander Bryson. He was secretary of the Tisdale Wheat Pool Committee and a director for the Evington Rural Telephone Company. Messer served in the Saskatchewan cabinet as Minister of Agriculture, as Minister of Industry and Commerce and as Minister of Mineral Resources. He resigned from cabinet and the assembly in 1980. In 1990, Messer became provincial secretary for the Saskatchewan NDP. From 1991 to 1998, he was president of SaskPower. He then returned to farming. Messer has also served as a director for Ducks Unlimited Canada and was the organizations' president from 2003 to 2004. He lives in Tisdale, as of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36565686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565686" title="1978–79 Wimbledon F.C. season">
1978–79 Wimbledon F.C. season

The 1978–79 season was Wimbledon's second consecutive season in the fourth tier of English football. They were managed by Dario Gradi, who was in his first full season as the club's manager, and guided them to automatic promotion with a third place finish.

</doc>
<doc id="36565696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565696" title="Ofosu">
Ofosu

Ofosu is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36565700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565700" title="Ward Bauwens">
Ward Bauwens

Ward Bauwens (born May 4, 1993 in Leuven) is a Belgian swimmer, who specialized in individual medley events. Bauwens is a resident athlete for Brabo Antwerp, and currently, a medicine student at the University of Antwerp.
Before his Olympic debut, Bauwens broke his own 400 IM record several times. On March 16, 2012, he posted a time of 4:19.55 to blast a 16-year-old record (4:19.82), held by Stefaan Maene since 1995, at the Belgian Championships in Antwerp. 
Bauwens qualified for the men's 400 m individual medley, by clearing a 4:19 barrier, and eclipsing a FINA B-cut of 4:18.24 from the European Championships in Debrecen, Hungary. He surged past Luxembourg's Raphaël Stacchiotti with a freestyle kick to top the second heat by 0.49 of a second, breaking his own Belgian record of 4:16.71. Bauwens failed to advance into the final, as he placed sixteenth overall on the first day of the preliminaries.

</doc>
<doc id="36565707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565707" title="Un giorno speciale">
Un giorno speciale

Un giorno speciale is a 2012 Italian drama film directed by Francesca Comencini. The film was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 69th Venice International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="36565723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565723" title="Boulzane">
Boulzane

The Boulzane River is a river in the south of France. Its source is in Aude, near Montfort-sur-Boulzane. It flows through Lapradelle-Puilaurens, Gincla, Caudiès-de-Fenouillèdes before it empties into the Agly River near Saint-Paul-de-Fenouillet .

</doc>
<doc id="36565732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565732" title="List of Chairmen of the Legislative Assembly of Orenburg Oblast">
List of Chairmen of the Legislative Assembly of Orenburg Oblast

The Chairman of the Legislative Assembly of Orenburg Oblast is the presiding officer of that legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="36565748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565748" title="Passion (2012 film)">
Passion (2012 film)

Passion is a 2012 French-German-Spanish-British erotic thriller film co-written and directed by Brian De Palma, starring Rachel McAdams and Noomi Rapace. It is the English-language remake of Alain Corneau's 2010 thriller film "Love Crime", but with the ending greatly altered. The film is an international co-production between France, Germany, Spain, and the United Kingdom.
The film was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 69th Venice International Film Festival.
Plot.
Christine, an advertising executive, is attempting to gain professional and romantic power over her up-and-coming subordinate, Isabelle, as revenge for her affair with Christine's lover, Dirk. Christine does everything in her power to ruin Isabelle's reputation and relationships, and also tries to fire Isabelle's secretary, Dani. Because of these events, Isabelle seemingly becomes emotionally destitute and develops an addiction to prescription drugs.
After Christine is found dead, Isabelle is arrested and confesses to the murder while in a drug-induced trance. Desperate to prove her innocence, Isabelle shows the police that she has an alibi on the evening the murder took place. Dirk, having been drunk after being rejected by Christine, is arrested after a scarf with Christine's blood on it turns up in his car. Isabelle is freed and Dirk is charged with the murder despite his denials.
At the climax, it is revealed that Isabelle had murdered Christine all along, and set everything up to convince everyone that she was having a nervous breakdown while framing Dirk for the crime. Dani, who secretly is in love with Isabelle, reveals that she had captured Isabelle on video with her cellphone at various moments during the night of the murder. Dani then tries to blackmail Isabelle into becoming her lover. That night, Isabelle has a strange dream where she strangles Dani after being seduced by her, but not before Dani sends the incriminating video of Isabelle to the investigating police detective. Suddenly, Christine's twin sister appears and strangles Isabelle from behind with a bloodstained scarf. The next moment, Isabelle wakes up in her own bedroom from her nightmare only to face a new one with Dani laying dead at the foot of her bed.
Release.
"Passion" screened in competition at the 69th Venice International Film Festival in September 2012. Metrodome, the film's UK distributor, sent the film straight to DVD and video on demand, stating that: "Brian De Palma has an in-built fan base, but a genre like this can be difficult to release theatrically. It's a turbulent theatrical market and we felt this was the best way to launch the film to UK audiences."
Reception.
"Passion" has received mixed to negative reviews from critics and, as of September 1, 2013, is associated with a 34% rating on Rotten Tomatoes—based on 59 reviews: "For better as well as worse, "Passion" is vintage Brian De Palma sexploitation—although with a storyline sillier than most, it fails to generate as much heat as his steamiest work." Robert Bell of "Exclaim!" rated the film 8 out of 10, writing: "It's just unfortunate that those unfamiliar with the director's work will have absolutely no context for the abstract and oblique tonal shifts or the references, leaving them to dismiss the film as terrible." Eric Kohn of IndieWire gave the film a "B" grade and Alan Pyke of Tiny Mix Tapes gave the film 2.5 out of 5 stars. Peter Sobczynski of Roger Ebert.com gave the film a four-star rating, calling it "a spellbinding thriller", and DePalma "one of the great seducers of cinema".
Neil Young of "The Hollywood Reporter" reviewed the film negatively, commenting that "the impression is that De Palma is indulging himself with homages to his own Hitchcockian greatest hits, with results that veer close to self-parody on occasion and emphasize just how far this once-outstanding director's creative star has plummeted." Robert Abele of the "Los Angeles Times" called the film "the sleekly trashy misfire". Ed Gonzalez of Slant Magazine gave the film 3 out of 4 stars. Bruce DeMara of "Toronto Star" gave the film 1.5 out of 4 stars, describing the film as "a pale imitation of the auteur's best work".
Brian Clark of Twitch Film published a mixed review, while Ben Sachs of "Chicago Reader" wrote a favorable review, noting that De Palma interweaves themes such as corporate power, advertising, sexual desire, sadomasochistic relationships, and longing for love with a musicality comparable to his visual style. Calum Marsh of "Esquire" writes: "What makes "Passion" such a distinctively modern take on the now-antiquated erotic thriller is that it has a keen sense of humor about itself".
Box office.
Released in 14 theaters, "Passion" was positioned in 54th place at the box office during the weekend of its release, with a corresponding total revenue of US$33,400—after four weeks, the film's total takings were US$92,181. As of September 26, 2013, "Passion" garnered a total of US$1,301,226 in ticket receipts outside of the US, while the cumulative global box office revenue for the film was US$1,393,407.

</doc>
<doc id="36565758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565758" title="Povilas Valinčius">
Povilas Valinčius

Povilas Valinčius (born 16 May 1989 in Marijampolė) is a Lithuanian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper and is free of contract.

</doc>
<doc id="36565760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565760" title="Donald Robertson (politician)">
Donald Robertson (politician)

Donald Robertson was a Canadian politician and an Ontario Progressive Conservative Party MPP for Niagara in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. Robertson was the MPP between September 3, 1867 and December 27, 1867.

</doc>
<doc id="36565765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565765" title="Kosuke Hagino">
Kosuke Hagino

He had the best time in the 400m individual medley heats at the 2012 Summer Olympics with a time of 4:10.01, an Asian record. He went on to claim the bronze medal in the final, placing third behind gold medalist Ryan Lochte of the United States and silver medalist Thiago Pereira of Brazil. At the 2013 World Championships, he placed 2nd in the 400m freestyle with a time of 3.44.82.
Swimming career.
Hagino made his big international breakthrough at the 2012 Olympics held in London. Hagino qualified first in the 400 m individual medley heats with a new Asian record of 4:10.01, and would go on to win his first international medal with a bronze in the event and again lower his Asian record to a 4:08.94.
2013 World Aquatics Championships.
Coming into the Championships Hagino had qualified for a full slate of events including the 200 m freestyle, 400 m freestyle, 100 m backstroke, 200 m backstroke, 200 m individual medley and the 400 m individual medley. In his first event the 400 m freestyle Hagino was able to pick up his first World Championships medal with a silver and a new Japanese record of 3:44.82. He would be back in finals action on day 3 of the meet of where he competed in his first final of the night, the 200 m freestyle. Despite being in medal contention, Hagino was caught in a close race and was locked out of the medals in fifth place with a new personal best time of 1:45.94. Nearly an hour later, and he came to swim the final of the 100 m backstroke and place seventh in 53.93, much slower than his Japanese nationals time of 53.10 which would have won him a silver medal. On day five, after qualifying for the final, Hagino won another silver medal in the 200 m individual medley. His time of 1:56.29 was about half a second off his Japanese nationals time of 1:55.74, but it was his second medal of the meet. The following day he would lead off Japan for the 4 x 200 m freestyle relay, and was able to take off a hundredth of a second off his 200 m free time from day three, swimming a 1:45.93. He also placed fifth in the 200 m backstroke final that night, finishing in 1:55.42. On the final night of competition, despite coming in as the favourite, Hagino was again only able to manage fifth place, finishing in 4:10.77. Although only winning two medals in his seven events, he was the only swimmer at the meet to swim more than six individual events.

</doc>
<doc id="36565766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565766" title="Sonar Radio">
Sonar Radio

Sonar Radio is an online radio station based in Singapore which plays music ranging from Electronica and Indie to K-pop from local and international artists. Sonar Radio was launched on 5 May 2011 by RADIOactive in conjunction with Samsung.
Unlike many contemporary hit radio stations, DJs at Sonar Radio are able to recommend songs and control the music playlist. The Sonar Radio player also incorporates several listener-friendly social networking services such as voting for songs by 'liking' or 'disliking', sharing of song titles via Facebook, Twitter or e-mail and display of song lyrics/music video of the song currently playing.
Sonar Radio was since discontinued as of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36565821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565821" title="119 (album)">
119 (album)

119 is the fourth studio album by American hardcore punk band Trash Talk, released on October 9, 2012 via Trash Talk Collective along with Odd Future Records and RED Distribution. It is the first album by the band to be released on Odd Future Records, after Trash Talk signed with Odd Future's label on May 30, 2012. It is also the first studio album to be released on the label that is not performed by a member of Odd Future. A music video for the first official single, "F.E.B.N.", was posted onto YouTube on August 30, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36565823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565823" title="Seth Gyaniram Bansidhar Podar College">
Seth Gyaniram Bansidhar Podar College

Seth Gyaniram Bansidhar Podar College () also referred to as Podar College is a private college in the town Nawalgarh of Jhunjhunu district in the Indian state Rajasthan. Its offering education in Arts, Science and Commerce streams at undergraduate and postgraduate levels.
History.
Run by the Anandilal Podar Trust, Seth Gyaniram Bansidhar Podar College, Nawalgarh is one of the premier educational institutions in the Shekhawati region. The college has grown from a Brahmcharyashram established in 1921. Before the formation of University of Rajasthan, the college had been affiliated to Agra University. It has been a rare honour for the college to have Mahatma Gandhi as the first Chairman Trustee. It needs to be mentioned here that the Trust came into being as the result of a benevolent donation by Shri Anandilalji Podar for the uplift of education in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="36565863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565863" title="Mandelsloh">
Mandelsloh

Mandelsloh is a borough of Neustadt am Rübenberge in the district of Hanover, in Lower Saxony, Germany. The village is close to the river Leine in a region known as the Hanoverian Moor Geest.
Sport.
The "Mandelsloh Knights" are a well known Inline-Skaterhockey team who became German vice champions in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36565865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565865" title="Laukkanen">
Laukkanen

Laukkanen is a Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36565870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565870" title="Noel Borshi">
Noel Borshi

Noel Borshi (born 13 February 1996 in Rome, Italy) is an Albanian swimmer who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She also competed at the 2013 Mediterranean Games, where her best result was tenth place in women's 100 metre butterfly.

</doc>
<doc id="36565880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565880" title="Atlético de Lugones SD">
Atlético de Lugones SD

Atlético de Lugones Sociedad Deportiva is a Spanish football club based in Lugones in the autonomous community of Asturias.
First "Atlético de Lugones CF" was founded in 1905, but the actual club was created in 2003. It has also a track and field team.

</doc>
<doc id="36565891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565891" title="Noora Laukkanen">
Noora Laukkanen

Noora Laukkanen (born February 3, 1993 in Helsinki) is a Finnish swimmer who competes in the Women's 400m Individual Medley. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She is a member of the Oulun Uimarit-73 club in Oulu. Her father, Jari, was a former ice hockey player.

</doc>
<doc id="36565915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565915" title="Edward Hastings (died 1603)">
Edward Hastings (died 1603)

Sir Edward Hastings (died 1603), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Tregony in 1571, and Leicestershire 1597.

</doc>
<doc id="36565916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565916" title="Potter Hollow District No. 19 School">
Potter Hollow District No. 19 School

Potter Hollow District No. 19 School is a historic one-room school building located near Potter Hollow, Albany County, New York. It was built in 1853, and is a 1 1/2-story, rectangular timber frame building on a stone foundation. It is three bays wide and five bays wide, with a steeply pitched gable roof and belfry.
It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36565921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565921" title="Numen (band)">
Numen (band)

Numen (rock band) is a Spanish progressive rock band from Alicante formed in 1992 by César Alcaraz, Víctor Arques, Gaspar Martínez, Manuel Mas and Antonio Valiente.
Numen has become one of the most known progressive rock in Spain of the 90’s.
The band's sound is predominantly neoprogressive.
History.
Numen was born as a quartet in 1992. The former band was composed by Víctor Arques (vocals and bass), Manuel Mas (keyboards), Antonio Valiente (guitar) and Gaspar Martínez (drums). From the beginning of its musical career, the band has been pointing its style to a quite elaborated kind of music whose main aim is melody and the instrumental arrangements. All these qualities are perfectly mixed up with a deep feeling on its lyrics. The final result consists of some kind of mosaic where spontaneity and innovation fit together through a musical style as the progressive rock, one of the most suitable fields for the musical experimentation.
In 1996 César Alcaraz joined the band as vocalist. His style goes together amazingly well with the musical conception of the band. From that moment, the recording project of its first album called Samsara arose.
Samsara (sanscrit word: reincarnations cycle) is a conceptual record in which we try to show all the things that surround the man as an integrating part of Cosmos.
Each song of the CD is related to some of the vital matters which influence straight to the human being (cultural backgrounds, freedom, love, the old age...).
The record is composed by nine songs starting from different musical plannings which drive us to some free structural developments. Melody and the instrumental arrangements create some atmospheres which bring the listener to each one of the situations reflected by the lyrics.
In 2000 Numen was dissolved as a band. Its members are engaged from that time to their personal projects.
In 2011 the members gathered after several attempts to start a new project. Numen is currently preparing their second album, entitled Numenclature. It is expected to be released in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36565922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565922" title="Força Lleida CE">
Força Lleida CE

Força Lleida Club Esportiu is a professional basketball team based in Lleida, Catalonia, Spain and plays in the Barris Nord, in LEB Oro league. The club born in the summer of 2012 with the aim to substitute existent CE Lleida Bàsquet, who had several economic problems.

</doc>
<doc id="36565924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565924" title="Lee Sang-ki (footballer)">
Lee Sang-ki (footballer)

Lee Sang-Ki (; born 8 March 1987) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Suwon FC in the K League Classic.

</doc>
<doc id="36565926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565926" title="Lykke">
Lykke

Lykke is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36565927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565927" title="Jemal Le Grand">
Jemal Le Grand

Jemal Emmanuel Le Grand (born 30 June 1994 in Oranjestad) is an Aruban swimmer who competes in the Men's 100m Freestyle. He was flag bearer at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He also competed at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36565928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565928" title="Sylwia Bogacka">
Sylwia Bogacka

Sylwia Bogacka (born October 3, 1981) is a female Polish sports shooter.
Bogacka was born in Jelenia Góra, Poland. Bogacka studied sociology at the University of Zielona Góra. She first competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics. Four years later, she reached the final of the 10 meter air rifle in 2008, placing eighth. She placed first in the qualifying of women's 10 meter air rifle at the 2012 Summer Olympics, before winning the silver medal in the final. Bogacka then finished fourth in the Women's 50 meter rifle three positions with a score of 681.9.
Personal life.
She works as a soldier. Her rank is Corporal.

</doc>
<doc id="36565930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565930" title="Mansour Raeisi">
Mansour Raeisi

Mansour Raeisi (; 1928–1980) was an Iranian Olympician Freestyle Wrestler and FILA International Referee.
He is considered as one of the most notable Iranian wrestlers of his generation.
He represented Iran at 1948 Summer Olympics –the very first appearance of Iranian wrestlers in an International competition– and had the best performance among Iranian wrestlers in the games, losing semifinal to Turkish silver-medalist Halit Balamir and placing in the 4th place.
He also coached Iran national freestyle wrestling athletes in 1967 World Wrestling Championships. 
Deaflympics champion Karim Raeisinia is also his cousin.

</doc>
<doc id="36565935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565935" title="William Skipwith">
William Skipwith

William Skipwith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36565937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565937" title="Gyasi">
Gyasi

Gyasi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36565940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565940" title="Bhairavsingh – Ek Rashtra sevak">
Bhairavsingh – Ek Rashtra sevak

Bhairavsingh – Ek Rashtra sevak is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="36565941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565941" title="William Skipwith (died c. 1595)">
William Skipwith (died c. 1595)

William Skipwith (died c. 1595), was an English politician.
He was a member (MP) of the Parliament of England for St. Albans in 1571.

</doc>
<doc id="36565953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565953" title="William Skipwith (died 1610)">
William Skipwith (died 1610)

William Skipwith (ca. 1564-1610), of Cotes, Leicestershire, was an English politician.
He was the eldest son of Henry Skipwith and was educated at Jesus College, Cambridge.
He was appointed Sheriff of Leicestershire for 1598. He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Leicestershire in 1601 and Leicester in 1604.
He married twice: firstly Margaret, the daughter of Roger Cave of Stanford, Northants, with whom he had four sons and four daughters and secondly Jane, the daughter of John Roberts and the widow of John Markham of Sidebrook.

</doc>
<doc id="36565964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565964" title="Keith Newman (writer)">
Keith Newman (writer)

Keith Newman is a New Zealand author, freelance writer and producer. He has had five non-fiction titles published dealing with historical subjects including Māori prophet T. W. Ratana and the movement he founded, the early missionaries and their relationships with the Māori people and a history of the Internet in New Zealand.
Early years.
Newman was raised in Feilding in the central North Island of New Zealand and trained as a reporter from the age of 17 working on newspapers in Palmerston North and Waipukurau before joining the old NZBC as a radio and TV journalist. He spent two and a half years in Sydney managing and promoting rock bands before returning to Palmerston North in the late 1970s to start entertainment magazine Get Up 'n Go.
In 1981 he joined the news staff at Radio 2XS in Palmerston North where he produced a number of radio documentaries. He moved to Auckland in 1984 to work as a sub-editor on a weekly newspaper then went on to work as a feature writer and sub editor with Suburban Newspapers in 1986 before joining the "Auckland Sun" in 1988.
Author.
After 20 years of research Reed published his work "Ratana Revisited - An Unfinished Legacy", the first work on the Ratana Church and movement for nearly 25 years. Two years later he was asked by Penguin, which took over Reed Publishing, to write a condensed and more focused version which was published as "Ratana - The Prophet" in 2009. Newman also wrote the article in Te Ara, the New Zealand Government online encyclopedia, about the Ratana movement].
In between he was commissioned by InternetNZ to write the history of the Internet in New Zealand. The resulting book "Connecting the Clouds - The Internet in New Zealand" (Activity Press 2008) is also published as a wiki and available free under a Creative Commons license.
In 2009 Penguin published his book Bible & Treaty: Missionaries Among the Maori, currently in its second edition and the follow up title Beyond Betrayal: Trouble in the Promised Land was released in September 2013.
Wordworx web and CDs.
Newman has hosted one of the longest running free content sites in New Zealand, as the webmaster of the Wordworx site, and has been writing about telecommunications and technology since the dawn of the 1980s. Under the umbrella Wordworx he archives many of the articles and features he has written over the past 25-years, including the annual Digital lifestyle magazine Home Technology, distributed in hard copy format as a supplement to "The Sunday Star-Times" which he wrote and edited until 2012.
Newman also hosts articles on New Zealand music, and content from his rhythm 'n verse poetry CDs, Buzz Words from 1997 and Cleaning Out the Garage in 2002.
Rock from the edge.
Newman has written produced and narrated over 20 programmes for Radio New Zealand National's "Musical Chairs" series, mainly dealing with pop and rock musicians from the period of the 1960s and 1970s, predominantly those who had recording success locally and toured offshore.
Environmental action.
Newman is also the spokesperson for the WOW (Walking on Water) lobby group. WOW is particularly concerned with coastal erosion in the Haumoana beach area where Newman lives.

</doc>
<doc id="36565965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565965" title="Azza Al-Qasmi">
Azza Al-Qasmi

Azza Ali Al-Qasmi (born 12th February 1985) is a Bahraini sport shooter. She was the flag bearer for Bahrain and part of the Bahraini Olympic team at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Olympic career.
She competed in the women's 50 metre rifle three positions at the London Olympics. She did not advance further into the event but had scored a new Arab shooting record, having achieved a score of 576 points, including 21 inner-tens, across the three positions. She ranked 33rd overall.
Personal life.
Azza was born in the town of Riffa, in the Kingdom of Bahrain. She is bilingual in English and Arabic.

</doc>
<doc id="36565970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565970" title="Bharati Balak">
Bharati Balak

Bharati Balak is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="36565971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565971" title="Belgrade Six">
Belgrade Six

The Belgrade six is a name of the group of six Serbian intellectuals arrested in Belgrade, Yugoslavia, in 1984 and charged with counterrevolutionary activity.
Members of the group.
The group consisted of:
Trial.
The trial was held between 5 November 1984 and 4 February 1985. It had significant media coverage. Defence attorney was Vladimir Šeks.
Cases against Nikolić, Milić and Olujić were separated from the cases of other member of the group. They were sentenced to between one and two year prison terms.

</doc>
<doc id="36565986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565986" title="St Wilfrid's Church, Burgess Hill">
St Wilfrid's Church, Burgess Hill

St Wilfrid's Church is a Roman Catholic church in Burgess Hill, West Sussex.
A former Congregational chapel in Grove Road served as Burgess Hill's Roman Catholic church until St Wilfrid's was built by a local firm in 1940. Frank Brangwyn provided the Stations of the Cross and Joseph Cribb, a pupil of Eric Gill, carved the statue of Saint Wilfrid above the entrance.
It is part of the Diocese of Arundel and Brighton.
It is associated with St Wilfrid's Catholic Primary School.

</doc>
<doc id="36565997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36565997" title="Oakfield Manor">
Oakfield Manor

Oakfield Manor was originally a country house in Upton by Chester, near Chester, Cheshire, England. Since the 1930s it has been the headquarters of Chester Zoo. The house and its stables are designated separately as Grade II listed buildings.
History.
The house was built in about 1885 for B. Chaffers Roberts, and designed by Edward Ould. The stables are dated 1886, and were probably also designed by Ould. The house was extended in 1892 for the same client by Harry Beswick, and some alterations have been made during the 20th century. In 1930 George Mottershead bought the house and estate for £3,500 (£ as of ), and started the development of Chester Zoo. While the house was used for administration, the west wing of the stables was used to house lions. As the zoo has grown, the house has been retained and converted for use as a business, educational and wedding venue, and the west wing of the stables for storage.
Architecture.
House.
Oakfield Manor is constructed in red Ruabon brick with blue-brick diapering, and red sandstone dressings. It is roofed with Welsh slate. There are four brick chimney stacks with Tudor-style decoration. The house is in two and 2½ storeys, with a west front of four bays, and a south front with three projecting bays with differing details. The architectural features include two-storey canted bay windows with a castellated parapet and dormers, differently shaped gables, and a projecting porch with a finial in the form of a griffin. Most of the windows have mullions and transoms. Inside the house is much wood panelling and some stained glass in the windows.
Stables.
These are constructed in orange brick with dressings in red brick and buff sandstone. It is roofed with red tiles. The building is in one and two storeys, with a frontage of five bays. In the centre is an archway, with a datestone flanked by plaques with horses' heads. To the right of the archway is a circular stair turret surmounted by a hexagonal spire. On the base of the turret are marks of lions' claws.

</doc>
<doc id="36566025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566025" title="Yi Siling">
Yi Siling

Yi Siling (; born May 6, 1989) is a Chinese sports shooter. She started shooting in 2007 and made her international debut in 2009. In 2010, she won the World Championships in the 10m air rifle and became the first person to qualify for the 2012 Summer Olympics. At the Olympics, she captured the first gold medal of the games by winning the 10m air rifle event.
Athletic career.
Yi Siling was born May 6, 1989 in Guiyang County, Hunan, Guangzhou County Air Force, China. She started shooting in 2007 and made her international debut in 2009.
In 2009, Yi won silver at the Asian Championships in the 10m air rifle with a score of 502.9. The next year, she won the event at the 2010 Asian Games with a score of 504.9. Before the World Championships, she was diagnosed with kidney stones and had to undergo surgery. She made a full recovery and finished first at the World Championships with a score of 505.6. In the process, she set a new world record and became the first person to qualify for the 2012 Summer Olympics.
In 2011, Yi placed second at the Asian Championships in the 10m air rifle with a score of 501.1. In 2012, she won the event with a score of 502.2.
Yi entered the 2012 Olympics ranked number one in the world at the 10m air rifle. In Olympic competition she scored 399 out of a possible 400 in the preliminary round, tying for first place with Sylwia Bogacka. In the finals at the Royal Artillery Barracks, she turned in a score of 10+ on every shot, while Bogacka had a costly 9.7 on shot eight of ten. Thus, Yi out shot Sylwia Bogacka 103.9 to 103.2 in the finals to win the first gold medal of the 2012 Summer Olympics with a total score of 502.9. Of her victory, Yi commented "My stability help me a lot today and at the same time I think I'm quite lucky".
Including her Olympic win, Yi has won ten medals and made the finals 13 times in 16 career events. She has announced that she plans to try to defend her gold at the next Olympics.
Personal life.
Yi attended Zhuhai Sports School in Zhuhai, China for her education. Before taking up shooting, she tried track and field and dancing. She is nicknamed "Shooting Beauty" due to her good looks.
After the 2012 Olympics, Yi said she planned to take a vacation and spend time with her family. "I have been away from home for more than a year and now I miss my family a lot," she said.

</doc>
<doc id="36566026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566026" title="Black Rose (TV series)">
Black Rose (TV series)

Black Rose (爆料黑玫瑰) is a Mediacorp Channel 8 Chinese language comedy-satire variety show. It is a remake of the Taiwanese show Celebrity Imitated Show (全民最大黨) and features various Mediacorp artistes acting as different characters with parodic mannerisms and names. Personalities and characters spoofed are often well-known figures in the Chinese language entertainment industry.
The show takes the format of a talk show, with one of the regular cast members or a guest star taking the role as host. The host holds a black rose and introduces the six other personalities one by one. 
Five cast members made a guest appearance at the Star Search 2010 Grand Finals during the Q & A segment. It was hosted by Chew Chor Meng and featured some of their well-known characters.
The show returned for a second season on 7 April 2014. Michelle Chong did not return in this season, and her place was taken over by Vivian Lai.
Accolades.
The show won several nominations at the 2011 Star Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="36566028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566028" title="Caliadurgus fasciatellus">
Caliadurgus fasciatellus

Caliadurgus fasciatellus is a species of spider wasp from the subfamily Pepsinae found from Western Europe to the Far East of Asia.
Distribution.
In Europe found from Great Britain east to Russia and Finland south to Spain and the Balkans. In Great Britain it is mainly confined to the south and east.
Description.
"C. fasciatellus" reaches in length. The 1st and 2nd segments of the abdomen are brownish red with white spurs in the middle and hind legs.
Biology.
The flight period in Britain is June to October with a peak in July and August. It is not known what plants are used by the adults for feeding on nectar.
It hunts orb web spiders of the genera "Araneus" and "Meta". It excavates short, vertical burrows in sandy substrate once the prey has been caught. The prey is gripped in the jaws, between the thorax and abdomen, and transported to the burrow by being carried in front of the wasp. The prey is placed in a vertical position in the cell.
Habitat.
Exposed dry sandy or sandy clay soils.

</doc>
<doc id="36566032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566032" title="Richard Howell (disambiguation)">
Richard Howell (disambiguation)

Richard Howell was the Governor of New Jersey.
Richard Howell may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36566047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566047" title="Yu Dan (sport shooter)">
Yu Dan (sport shooter)

Yu Dan (; born August 18, 1987 in Sichuan, China) is a female Chinese sports shooter. 
Yu won the bronze medal in the 10m air rifle at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36566049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566049" title="Slingerlands Historic District">
Slingerlands Historic District

Slingerlands Historic District is a national historic district located at Slingerlands, Albany County, New York.
It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36566051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566051" title="NighTraiN">
NighTraiN

NighTraiN is a four-piece American indie rock band formed in 2008. The band plays a mix of post punk indie rock and afro-punk.
History.
Formation and early history.
The women of NighTraiN were brought together as a concept band for an original stage play production called “Hot Grits.” In a process that was projected to take nine months, the women were to learn their assigned instruments, write songs and begin performing in the Seattle underground music scene in preparation for the play. The Band and their music were very well received. Although, very diverse in experience, age and backgrounds, the original women developed a profound friendship and connection in the music and decided to reunite after the stage play ended to form NighTraiN (NtN).
Musical style.
“NighTraiN may have spun off from fictive origins, but nowadays the local foursome keep things real as fuck. Trading in swaggering, soulful, punk-inflected rock, NighTraiN have been unapologetically (if somewhat discreetly) wowing crowds since 2008. Part of their appeal undeniably derives from the band's aural homages to their PNW riot grrrl forebears, but thankfully, they own their sound completely, incorporating traces of wide-ranging influences, from synthy post-punk to lo-fi pop, into one charming package.” (Hollis Wong-Wear, The Seattle Weekly)
NighTraiN offers a fresh take on the garage, punk, and rock genres, and are constantly discovering their ever changing voice. The fluctuating ages of the group and their individual experiences genuinely affect the outcome of their music. Exposed to different viewpoints, they stick to their own truths; therefore, NighTraiN’s music is never stagnant or stuck within one genre due to their non-traditional approach. NighTraiN’s sound is a heavy engine hum formed by the blunt bass rhythms of Selena "No Pick" Whitaker-Paquiet. It is a heartbeat held steady by the percussive stylings of Taryn "Hot Legs" Dorsey. It is dark heat strummed from the guitar of Nicole "Jaja Juicy" Peoples and accompanied by the steam whistle wail of Rachael F. “Lead vocalist Rachael Ferguson sings with a gravelly steadiness over NightTraiN's raucous percussion and electric strings, and it's exciting to see riot grrl owned by women of color, inevitably expanding and deepening the potential of punk music to speak on an inclusive (black) feminist discourse in music. And it looks like a good-ass time.”(Up & Coming, The Seattle Stranger) NighTraiN is establishing a new realm in music, and it is LOCOMOTIVE PUNK!
Notes.
NtN has toured prominent clubs in major cities up and down the West Coast and the Pacific Northwest, including Seattle, WA; Boise, ID; Portland, OR; Los Angeles, CA and Las Vegas, NV to name a few. They recently opened for legendary heavyweights, Fishbone, and have shared the bill with amazing, nationally known acts such as Brent Amaker and the Rodeo, Witchburn, Head Like a Kite, Dyme Def, and Seattle bands like The Redwood Plan, The Young Evils, and Tacocat. NtN has participated in Ladyfest Bellingham 2009/2010; Noise for the Needy 2010; Northwest Folklife Festivals 2011 and 2012, and the Georgetown Music Festival 2010 and 2012. NtN produces a music festival in Seattle called “Hoodstock,” which celebrated its 5th anniversary in 2012. NtN has received radio play of their album deRAILED on KEXP and Hollow Earth Radio.

</doc>
<doc id="36566058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566058" title="Ballarat Begonia Festival">
Ballarat Begonia Festival

Ballarat Begonia Festival is a carnival and community cultural festival held annually in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia. Run since 1953, it is a major tourist attraction of the city. Themed around the begonia flower which blooms in the temperate Ballarat climate, traditional features of the festival programme include floral displays and plantings on the main city streets, a centrepiece parade down Sturt Street including floats constructed by local community groups including sporting clubs, businesses, educational institutions, musicians and special interest groups and military tattoo.
Origins.
The festival was inspired by the success of the Edinburgh Festival, with the first plans for a similar festival in Australia and Ballarat put forward by then Ballarat Mayor William Ernest Roff and Greater Ballarat Association president Edgar Bartrop in June 1952 with an aim of setting up a festival before the Melbourne 1956 Summer Olympics. The concept quickly gained favour with the community and in late 1952, an organising committee was formed and the decision was made to fast-track the festival for the following year. A begonia theme was selected to promote the city's reputation for begonia gardens.
History.
The first festival was held on 12 March 1953. Run by the Greater Ballarat Association and facilitated by the Department of Education, it was known as the Ballaarat Begonia Festival. A parade of 6,000 students witnessed by 20,000 was held in the city, including the Begonia Dance and other folkdances and crowning of the "Queen of the Begonias", trade displays and songs from the Ballarat choir. 100,000 begonia plants were placed in planter boxes along the city's main streets and the civic centre at Alfred Hall on Grenville Street was used as an exhibition space for the first flower show.
The second Begonia festival featured a visit from Queen Elizabeth II. With Alfred Hall having been damaged by fire, the floral displays moved from the city centre to the Botanic Gardens.
During the 1990s, the event began to wane in popularity and in the fact of dwindling attendance organisers struggled to finance its coordination.
City of Ballarat took over the running of the festival in 1996 providing additional funding however attendances continued to decline until organisers more than once threatened to end the festival. A partial revival in attendances was marred by poor weather in 2010. However the publicity generated by the threat of its cancelation rallied the community behind the event and new attendance records were set in 2011 and 2012 due in part through increased promotion by newly created Ballarat Regional Tourism.

</doc>
<doc id="36566062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566062" title="John Bolton (by 1524–56 or later)">
John Bolton (by 1524–56 or later)

John Bolton or Button (by 1524-1556 or later), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Haverfordwest in 1555.

</doc>
<doc id="36566076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566076" title="Rhys Morgan (disambiguation)">
Rhys Morgan (disambiguation)

Rhys Morgan is an activist.
Rhys Morgan may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36566077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566077" title="Palatial Crest">
Palatial Crest

Palatial Crest is a building in Hong Kong. Build by Henderson Group,located at Hong Kong Mid-Levels West, 3 Seymour Road. It get the occupation permit at the December 2000.
Introduction.
Palatial Crest is located in Hong Kong Mid-Levels West, near building Seymour. The residential have infrastructure and plenty of leisure space, an area of 12,000 square feet club house. Club house have swimming pool, children's leisure pool, Jacuzzi, sauna, steam room, fitness room, audio-visual room, children's play room, a ballroom, function room and multi-purpose playground. Total 192 units and 102 parking space. Manage by Hang Yick Properties Management Limited, the majority of the unit's area are about 973-1175 square feet, 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms. The ceiling of the unit are extra high, approximately 10'-4 ". The top floor penthouse are three to four bedrooms and two halls design. Each unit of the living room and master suite with floor to ceiling windows design.

</doc>
<doc id="36566084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566084" title="Rice Morgan">
Rice Morgan

Rice (Rees, Rhys) Morgan (died 1577), of Nevern, Pembrokeshire, was a Welsh politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Haverfordwest in 1563.

</doc>
<doc id="36566085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566085" title="2000 British Formula Three season">
2000 British Formula Three season

The 2000 British Formula Three season was the 50th British Formula Three Championship season. It commenced on 26 March at Thruxton, and ended on 8 October at Silverstone after fourteenth races.
Brazilian driver Antônio Pizzonia won the title after winning five races and achieved a total of eleven podiums during the season. These results allowed Pizzonia to finish 39 points ahead of Stewart Racing's Tomas Scheckter, who beat Carlin Motorsport's driver Takuma Sato by 32 points.
Drivers and teams.
The following teams and drivers were competitors in the 2000 season. The Scholarship class was for older Formula Three cars, and all cars competed on Avon tyres.

</doc>
<doc id="36566093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566093" title="David Boily">
David Boily

David Boily is a Canadian professional cyclist riding with Amore & Vita. 
In the 2012 Tour of California, Boily held the red jersey awarded for the best climber for the first two stages before fellow Canadian Sebastian Salas () took it from him on Stage 3. Boily stated that he was ready to fight to regain the jersey, and he did battle by raking in more points for the mountain classification, but ultimately Salas kept the lead with a total of 65 points, Boily finishing in second position with 48.

</doc>
<doc id="36566111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566111" title="Julien Ricaud">
Julien Ricaud

Julien Ricaud (born 28 January 1985) is a French professional footballer who plays for Vendée Poiré-sur-Vie as a defensive midfielder. After progressing through the youth ranks at Laval, he began his senior career with Championnat de France amateur (CFA) side Genêts Anglet in 2005. Two years later, Ricaud signed for CFA rivals Compiègne, spending one season there before joining Pau. In the summer of 2010, he was signed by newly promoted Championnat National club Chamois Niortais on a free transfer.
Ricaud became an important figure in the Niort team over the following three seasons, often partnering Johan Gastien in the centre of midfield. He made 36 league appearances in the 2011–12 season as the side finished as runners-up in the National, thereby winning promotion to Ligue 2, the second tier of French football. At the end of the 2012–13 season it was announced that Ricaud, along with four other players, would not be re-signing with Niort for the following campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="36566118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566118" title="German submarine U-236">
German submarine U-236

German submarine "U-236" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
The submarine was laid down on 23 March 1942 at the Friedrich Krupp Germaniawerft yard at Kiel as 'werk' 666, launched on 24 November and commissioned on 9 January 1943 under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Reimar Ziesmer.
After training with the 5th U-boat Flotilla at Kiel, she spent the rest of the war as a 'school' boat. "U-236" was transferred to the 24th flotilla on 29 September 1943, the 21st flotilla on 1 May 1944 and the 31st flotilla on 1 March 1945.
She was scuttled near Schleimünde, (north of Kiel), on 5 May 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="36566131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566131" title="List of Chairmen of the Legislative Assembly of Vologda Oblast">
List of Chairmen of the Legislative Assembly of Vologda Oblast

The Chairman of the Legislative Assembly of Vologda Oblast is the presiding officer of that legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="36566159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566159" title="Luis Pérez Pascual">
Luis Pérez Pascual

Luis Pérez Pascual (born 9 February 1971 in San Sebastián, Basque Country), known as Luis Pérez, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36566165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566165" title="Fayad Mahmoud Hissain">
Fayad Mahmoud Hissain

Fayad Mahmoud Hissain is a Bahrainian football Defender who played for Bahrain in the Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36566174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566174" title="Arthur Bergquist">
Arthur Bergquist

Arthur Bergquist (18 June 1930 – 1993) was a Swedish footballer who played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36566199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566199" title="Isabella Bliss">
Isabella Bliss

Isabella Bliss (born April 1, 1998) is an Australian girl from Queensland, notable for winning "Junior MasterChef Australia" in 2010.
"Junior MasterChef Australia".
Bliss entered the first season of Junior MasterChef Australia with her fraternal twin sister, Sofia. Bliss faced Jack Lark in the final two rounds. Bliss won 97 to 94. As a prize, she received a MasterChef trophy and $15,000. Lark received $10,000 for second prize and Sofia $5,000 for third.
Personal life.
Bliss hopes to open a restaurant with Sofia, using the prize money from a trust fund. They want to name it "Is-Sofia". The twins also have a cook book named "A little bit of this, a little bit of that", ISBN 0670075957, published in 2011. 
In 2011 the twins worked with "Cupcake for A Cure", a child cancer charity. They also had the chance to create an Oprah inspired dessert, namely "Oprah Gold", with chocolate and a wild Hibiscus surprise.
In November 2013 was named as one of YWCA Queensland's "125 Leading Women".

</doc>
<doc id="36566202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566202" title="Khamis Eid Rafe Thani">
Khamis Eid Rafe Thani

Khamis Eid Rafe Thani is a Bahrainian football Defender who played for Bahrain in the Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36566218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566218" title="Dissident Aggressor">
Dissident Aggressor

"Dissident Aggressor" is a song released by the heavy metal band, Judas Priest that was first released on "Sin After Sin" in 1977. The song features "driving guitar riffs" and guitarists, K. K. Downing and Glenn Tipton trade solos in the song.
Thirty three years later, the song later won the 2010 Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance after being released again on "".
Influence on the genre.
Judas Priest's 1977" Sin After Sin" introduced the combination of the double bass drum and rapid 16th bass rhythms combined with rapid 16th guitar rhythms that came to define the genre. While the double-bass rhythms from Judas Priest are generally measured and technical, "Dissident Aggressor" pushed this to be an example of the style with an increase in "tempo and aggression" which was later adopted by other bands like Motörhead with a much harder-edged approach.
The song featured "groundbreaking vocal styles" by Rob Halford which had never been heard on any heavy metal record before.
Covers.
Slayer covered "Dissident Aggressor" on their album "South of Heaven". Halestorm released a cover of "Dissident Aggressor" on their 2013 "ReAniMate 2.0: The CoVeRs eP" from Atlantic Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36566222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566222" title="Sultan Hamid Sultan">
Sultan Hamid Sultan

Doctor Sultan Hamid Sultan is an Afghan scholar, professor and politician. He was Transportation Minister of the transitional government in Afghanistan. After leaving the ministry, he returned to the university.
Biography.
Sultan Hamid Sultan was born in 1948 in Kabul, Afghanistan. He is a Hazara from Afghanistan. Sultan Hamid Sultan studied at the Kabul University, read the lesson. Then received a scholarship in Iran and the Persian Language and Literature, was recently awarded a doctoral degree and was teaching at universities in Iran. After the fall of the Taliban in Afghanistan, he became Transportation Minister, but after several letters back and teach science at the University were followed. Then he left Iran and traveled to Canada.
His years at the Imam Khomeini International University Qazvin teaching and training that many students now with various academic degrees: doctor, master, bachelor around Iran have engaged in academic activities, but never this kind and gentle master did not forget.

</doc>
<doc id="36566244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566244" title="Steve Perkins (footballer)">
Steve Perkins (footballer)

Stephen Arthur Perkins (born 3 October 1954 in Stepney, Greater London) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a left back.
Steve was the manager of Lingfield in the Sussex County League, during the second half of the 2009-10 campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="36566251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566251" title="Mustafa Durak">
Mustafa Durak

Mustapha Durak (born 13 August 1988) is a French professional footballer who plays for the Turkish club Gaziantepspor as a forward. He started his career in the reserve team at his hometown club Strasbourg before moving to Belgium with Excelsior Virton in 2009. He then had a spell with Gap before joining Niort in the summer of 2011. Durak was part of the team that finished as runners-up in the Championnat National in the 2011–12 season, thereby winning promotion to Ligue 2.
It was announced at the end of the 2012–13 campaign that Durak, along with four other players, would not be re-signing with Niort for the following season.

</doc>
<doc id="36566252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566252" title="William de Bergeveney">
William de Bergeveney

William de Bergeveney DD (or Bergevenny) was an English medieval judge and university chancellor. 
Between 1341–5, William de Bergeveney was Chancellor of the University of Oxford. He was a Doctor of Divinity.
William de Bergeveney was named in a Papal Bull as being involved as a judge in a case of the Prior and brethren of St Augustine the Eremite involving the Diocese of Norwich. 

</doc>
<doc id="36566254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566254" title="Adriano Zumbo">
Adriano Zumbo

Adriano Zumbo (born 6 November 1981) is an Australian patissier and chef, known for his croquembouche tower, V8 cake, and fairytale house on "MasterChef Australia". Dubbed as the "sweet assassin", "Patissier of Pain", and "the Dark Lord of the Pastry Kitchen", Zumbo is also known for introducing "MasterChef" contestants to his technically challenging desserts. Zumbo's creations are unique in their names, the technique with which he creates them, and the incorporation of unusual ingredients, such as black olive and beetroot.
Zumbo, as he is known in the culinary world, has also appeared on a documentary television series "Zumbo", featuring the daily routine of the chef at his Balmain kitchen business. It screened on SBS One Thursdays at 7:30 pm.
Biography.
Adriano Zumbo was born to Italian parents from Calabria and was raised in Coonamble, New South Wales, 164 kilometers northwest of Dubbo. Zumbo's parents owned the local IGA supermarket, where he developed a sweet tooth and a keen business sense. His early years were spent in Italy where he learned to appreciate various types of coffee, reflected in the coffee-inspired culinary items found at the various patisseries he owns around Sydney.
After finishing school at Year 10, Zumbo traveled to Sydney to start his pastry chef apprenticeship in 1997. He worked under renowned culinary icons in Australia and France including Ramon Morato and Pierre Hermé.
Zumbo started his career by supplying homemade tarts, muffins, brownies and banana bread to local cafes in Sydney. He later switched to selling goods to grower's market before opening his first patisserie in Balmain in 2007. Today, Adriano Zumbo owns six patisseries: Balmain, Pyrmont, Rozelle, Waverley, Melbourne and the QVB in Sydney's CBD. Besides appearing as a guest judge on "MasterChef" and an observational documentary series, 2011 saw Zumbo release his first book, "Zumbo Book".

</doc>
<doc id="36566267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566267" title="Mansour Bagheri">
Mansour Bagheri

Mansour Bagheri () is an Iranian retired Taekwondo athlete who represented Iran in two olympic games 1988 and 1992, finishing in the +83 kg 5th place both times.

</doc>
<doc id="36566273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566273" title="Jimmy Roye">
Jimmy Roye

Jimmy Roye (born 8 September 1988) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Ligue 2 side Chamois Niortais. He previously played for Amiens, Calais and Paris before joining Niort in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36566275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566275" title="Omar Mansoor">
Omar Mansoor

Omar Mansoor is a London based fashion designer, best known for his couture occasion wear. He dresses British actresses and International royalty and European aristocracy;Omar Mansoor is widely credited with re-introducing the fusion clothing into modern fashion. 
After attending London College of Fashion one of the prestigious Schools in UK, Omar was the first Pakistani to showcase at London Fashion Week in 2008, OM made its appearance at Royal Ascot, Bahrain Fashion Week and Top Model UK.
Susanna Reid wore Omar Mansoor at the 2010 Academy Awards. The brand has been worn by a number of actresses on the red carpet including Miss United Kingdom Amy Guy.
Today, couture, bridal and custom made, together with complementing accessories, can be found at Fulham Road, South Kensington along e-retailing.
He restyled Cafe Royal staff uniform for 2008.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36566290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566290" title="1893 Epsom Derby">
1893 Epsom Derby

The 1893 Epsom Derby was a horse race which took place at Epsom Downs on May 31, 1886. It was the 113th running of the Derby, and it was won by Isinglass. The winner was ridden by Tommy Loates and trained by James Jewitt.
Winner's details.
Further details of the winner, Isinglass:

</doc>
<doc id="36566294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566294" title="Ovinius Paternus">
Ovinius Paternus

Ovinius Gaius Julius Aquilius Paternus ( 3rd century) was a Roman senator who was appointed consul in AD 267.
Biography.
Ovinius Paternus was a member of Paterni, a prominent third century senatorial family. He was appointed "consul prior" in AD 267 alongside Arcesilaus. He exercised his duties in Rome while the emperor Gallienus was campaigning along the Danube against the Goths. In AD 281, Paternus was assigned by lot a Proconsular province, either Africa or Asia, but in an unusual move he refused to accept the offered post. Instead, he took up the position of "Praefectus urbi" of Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="36566301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566301" title="Van Valkenburgh">
Van Valkenburgh

Van Valkenburgh is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36566302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566302" title="Van Valkengoed">
Van Valkengoed

van Valkengoed is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36566303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566303" title="Historic Oaks of Allen Parkway Village">
Historic Oaks of Allen Parkway Village

Historic Oaks of Allen Parkway Village, formerly Allen Parkway Village, is a public housing complex in the northern Fourth Ward, Houston, Texas. Allen Parkway Village occupies of land.
History.
Opening and initial history.
The construction of Allen Parkway Village was completed in 1944, with 963 units built. A group of architectural firms with MacKie & Kamrath being the leader completed the facility. Allen Parkway Village was designed to beautify Allen Parkway. Originally was an all-White development, it initially had the name San Felipe Courts. Mike Snyder of the "Houston Chronicle" said that local historians indicated the development of the complex as a factor that lead to the decline of the Fourth Ward. It was renamed "Allen Parkway Village" in 1964.
Demolition struggle.
Starting in the 1970s the City of Houston wanted to demolish Allen Parkway Village while residents fought to have the entire structure remain. In 1977 Robert Wood, the director of the Housing Authority of the City of Houston, wrote a letter proposing that Allen Parkway Village be demolished. In 1979 the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) authorized $10 million for modernizing APV, but HUD did not spend much of the money on actually renovating the complex. The city officials had proposed building other low income housing elsewhere in the city. Public housing officials and private developers were in favor of demolishing the housing, while preservationists and residents were in favor of keeping the housing. The "Handbook of Texas" said "In the 1980s and 1990s the continued future of the Fourth Ward as a black community came under serious attack" due to plans to demolish Allen Parkway Village and replace the complex with housing for high income people and office buildings. The "Handbook of Texas" said that citizen opposition and "more importantly" the mid-1980s economic decline delayed those plans. The "Handbook of Texas" said that the neglect of the housing units and the resulting disappearance of those units, the reluctance of investors to invest capital into the Fourth Ward, and "future of the neighborhood" all "undermined" "he viability" of the Fourth Ward. In 1988 Allen Parkway Village was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Houston Housing Authority made a unanimous vote to demolish Allen Parkway Village. This caused residents to begin a campaign to rescue the complex. In the 1990s Lenwood E. Johnson, a resident of Allen Parkway Village, began to campaign to prevent the complex from being sold to developers. The legal campaign reached the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. In 1995 Allen Parkway Village's housing made up 24% of the public housing units in Houston. At the time, 21 of its apartments were occupied.
Resolution and aftermath.
In 1996 Henry Cisneros, the head of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, signed an agreement to allow the City of Houston to demolish 677 of the community's 963 units as long as the site was still used for low income housing. The older units were brick buildings, while David Ellison of the "Houston Chronicle" said that the newer units "look like any other apartments in Houston". The federal government spent $57 million in redeveloping Allen Parkway Village and improving the surrounding area. The remaining old units were placed on the National Register of Historic Places and were not demolished.
By 1999 remaining portions of Allen Parkway Village were renamed to The Historic Oaks of Allen Parkway and had around 500 residential units. 16 residential buildings, a community center building, and an administrative building were retained. Of the 500 units 280 were existing units and 220 were newly constructed with $30 million federal funding. The first new group of tenants consisted of 156 low income elderly individuals. Allen Parkway Village lost none of its land area. David Ellison of the "Houston Chronicle" argued that the quest to preserve Allen Parkway Village was "quixotic." Johnson said "The myth is that the people of Allen Parkway Village lost after a 15- or 20-year fight. That's not true. Would you believe they didn't get one inch of Allen Parkway soil?" In 2000 the "Houston Press" ranked the opening of the new units as the "Best Event That No One Thought Would Ever Happen."
In November 2010 members of the Gregory Library Watch, a group started in January 2010, accused the Gregory African-American Library in the Fourth Ward of deliberately not archiving certain historical documents. Lenwood Johnson, an organization member, stated that the library refused to archive documents about an effort to prevent the closing of the Allen Parkway Village, and Timothy O'Brien, a member of the group, said "They don't want to hear the low-income black history because it indicts the African-American politicians."
Education.
Area students attend schools in the Houston Independent School District, including Gregory-Lincoln Education Center for K-8 and Reagan High School.

</doc>
<doc id="36566306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566306" title="Samuel Karnarvon Asbell">
Samuel Karnarvon Asbell

Samuel Karnarvon "Sam" Asbell (October 24, 1914 – October 10, 1965) was a farmer, farm implement dealer and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Bengough from 1964 to 1966 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Liberal.
He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, the son of Joseph Asbell and Margaret Bookhalter, and was educated in Horizon, Saskatchewan, Viceroy and Regina. In 1946, he married Mickie Deitch. Asbell served on the town council for Assiniboia. He ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the Saskatchewan assembly in 1956 and 1960 before being elected in 1964. Asbell died in office at the age of 50.

</doc>
<doc id="36566320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566320" title="Jolijn">
Jolijn

Jolijn is a feminine Dutch given name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36566324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566324" title="Valkov">
Valkov

Valkov is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36566332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566332" title="Steve Ketteridge">
Steve Ketteridge

Stephen J. Ketteridge (born 7 November 1959 in Stevenage, Hertfordshire) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36566335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566335" title="Vall">
Vall

Vall is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36566340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566340" title="Vallabhaneni">
Vallabhaneni

Vallabhaneni is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36566343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566343" title="Carl-Erik Sandberg">
Carl-Erik Sandberg

Carl-Erik Sandberg was a Swedish footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36566352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566352" title="Denys family">
Denys family

The surname Denys was borne by at least three prominent mediaeval families seated in Gloucestershire, Somerset and Devon in south-west England between 1166 and 1641. It is not known if any relationship existed between these families. The surname "Denys" is just one of many variant spellings of the name: "Dacus", "Denise", "Le Deneis", "Le Danies", "le Deneys" and most recently "Dennis", are some of the others.
The family of Denys was apparently of Danish origin, and was recorded in early Norman charters in French as "le Deneys", meaning "The Dane", which was frequently Latinised by scribes as "Dacus", being the adjectival form of "Dacia", the mediaeval Latin for Denmark, thus "Danish".
Denys of Gloucestershire.
An early and influential west-country family named Denys seems to have originated in Gloucestershire in the 13th century and to have moved into Glamorgan, where it was resident at Waterton, before moving back to Gloucestershire c. 1380, where it was seated at Siston near Bristol until the late 16th century. This family's arms are the differenced arms of their apparent sometime feudal overlords the Cantilupes, "three leopard's faces jessant-de-lys".
Several members of this branch of the family became High Sheriff of Gloucestershire. The first was Sir Gilbert Denys (c. 1350 – 1422); others included Maurice Denys (c. 1410 – 1466), Sir William Denys (1470–1533) and Henry Dennis (Feb 1594 – 26 June 1638).
Denys of Somerset.
Another possibly related 12th- and 13th-century Denys family held the manor of Sock Dennis near Ilchester, in Somerset. White Hall Hospital in Ilchester was founded around 1217–1220 following the gift of a house and other property by William Dacus/Le Deneis of Sock Dennis. The family seems to have died out soon after in the male line. No trace of their armorials has survived from which to make a link to other families of the same name.
Denys of Devon.
Josceline le Deneys (whose first name was Latinised to "Jollenus", "Jellanus" or "Joscelinus") was recorded in the 1166 "Cartae Baronum" return submitted by Henry de Pomeroy, feudal baron of Berry Pomeroy in South Devon, as holding from him the manor of Pancrasweek, Black Torrington hundred, North Devon, and de Pomeroy himself held it from Tavistock Abbey. This "Jollenus Dacus" held Pancrasweek as one knight's fee on military feudal tenure. Orleigh formed a sub-manor of Pancrasweek, but was held by him under the non-military tenure of free socage, that is to say it was a heritable estate the service for which was monetary not military. Dacus held two fees in total from de Pomeroy, as stated in his 1166 return, and the identity of these fees are revealed in the record of the holdings of his descendant Robert le Deneys in the feudal aid of 1285 which shows Pancrasweek forming one, Southwick in Germansweek and Manaton (14 miles north of Berry Pomeroy Castle) forming a half each. In 1285 however Robert le Deneys was holding these manors not from the de Pomeroy barons but from the heirs of Patrick de Chaworth, who was successor in title to Brewer, lord of the manor of Buckland Brewer amongst others, who had himself purchased them from de Pomeroy.
The arms adopted by the Devon family of this name at the start of the age of heraldry in about 1200 reflected their supposed origins: "Azure, three Danish battle axes or", that is three golden axes on a blue background. A history of this family is contained in the Duchess of Cleveland's "Battle Abbey Roll", under "Denise". A cadet branch of Dennis of Orleigh settled at Holcombe Burnell, 3 miles west of Exeter, and Bicton, 10 miles SE of that city, and bore the arms of Orleigh differenced: "Ermine, three Danish battle axes gules" (three red battle-axes on a white background with black ermine spots). The arms of the King of Denmark are similar, blazoned in the Camden Roll of Arms (c. 1280) are: "Gules, three battle axes or". Robert le Deneys gave Orleigh to his younger son William, whose son John le Deneys was in possession in 1342 Richard Denys (died 1442), John's grandson, married Elizabeth Bowhay, daughter and heiress of Geoffrey Bowhay of Bowhay. In 1417 Orleigh was occupied by his wife's cousin, also called Elizabeth Bowhay, the daughter of John Bowhay and widow of Thomas Crydia. She was granted in 1417 by Edmund Stafford (died 1419), Bishop of Exeter, licence to have mass performed in her oratory at Orleigh. Three generations of Denys's each named John followed Richard Denys, the last of whom, John Denys (died 1498) married Eleanor Gifford, daughter and co-heiress of Stephen Gifford of Theoborough. His son was William Denys (born 1472), who was followed by his son Nicholas and the latter's son John Denys (died 1584) who married Dorothy Monk, daughter and co-heiress of Anthony Monk of Potheridge. John settled the reversion of his manor of Farley in Petrockstowe onto the issue of his son William Denys (died 1605) in 1573 on the occasion of his marriage to Mary Vyell, daughter of William Vyell of Trevorder. William contributed £25 to the defences against the Spanish Armada in 1588. He died intestate. His son was Anthony Dennis (1585–1641), the last of the male line, whose monument can be seen in Buckland Brewer Church.
The heir of Denys of Holcombe Burnel and Bicton was the Rolle family of Stevenstone, which in the person of John Rolle, 1st Baron Rolle (died 1842), seated at Bicton House, was the largest landowner in Devon possessing some 55,000 acres, now represented by Baron Clinton.
Anthony Dennis (1585–1641).
Anthony Dennis of Orleigh married twice:
In 1661 the three sisters conveyed jointly the manor of Orleigh to feoffees (i.e. trustees) who sold it in 1684 to the Bideford merchant John Davie (died 1710).
Denys monument.
The mural monument to Anthony Dennis (died 1641) and his second wife Gertrude Grenville is situated in the north east corner of the north aisle ("Orleigh Chapel") of Buckland Brewer Church. The couple are shown kneeling opposite one another with an altar between them. In an oval medallion above is inscibed:
"To the pious memorie of Anthony Dennis of Orleigh Esq. who first married Elizabeth ye daughter of Thomas Wyse of Sydenham, Esq. by whom he had 1 sonne and 2 daughters deceased. He secondly espoused Gertrud daughter to Sir Bernard Grenvill of Stowe Knt. by whome having plenteous issue left surviving only 3 daughters. He deceased June ye 19th A(nn)o D(omin)i 1641 "Aetat suae" (i.e. "of his age") 56 "
Below are shown figures of his 11 children, 8 kneeling in prayer, 3 lying down denoting their deaths as infants. Only three of the names inscribed above each survive, "Mary", "Arthur" and "Elizabeth".
Below are shown further lines of verse:
"Here sleeps his corps whose worth and fame shall be <br>
A living sermon to posterity<br>
Whose name shall outlive time the future age<br>
Shall stile him loyall loving prudent sage<br>
Learning's Maecenas wisdom's quintiscence<br>
Whose breast contain'd a sea of eloquence <br>
He sleeps he is not dead he liveth for ever<br>
Pale death has got its due but he dyes never"<br>
"GertrVDa VXor sVa CharIssIMa strVXIt"<br>
The last line is a Chronogram, with capitals representing Roman numerals inserted into the Latin phrase: "Gertruda uxor sua charissima struxit" ("Gertrude his dearest wife built (it)"). The numbers when added together each as a separate unit come to 1643, presumably the date the monument was s erected (V+D=505; V+X=15: V=5; C+I+I+M=1102; V+X+I=16). A similar chronogram is contained in the 1638 Fortescue family mural monument in Weare Giffard Church
The armorials shown include the following: 

</doc>
<doc id="36566354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566354" title="Yannick Lebherz">
Yannick Lebherz

Yannick Lebherz (born 13 January 1989) is a German swimmer who won a gold and a silver medal at the 2010 European Short Course Swimming Championships in the 200 m backstroke and 400 m medley events, respectively. He competed in the same disciplines at the 2012 Summer Olympics but failed to reach the finals.
His father, Thomas Lebherz, is a former competitive swimmer.

</doc>
<doc id="36566356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566356" title="Dawit Wolde">
Dawit Wolde

Dawit Wolde (born 19 May 1991) is an Ethiopian middle distance runner who specialises in the 1500 metres. A medallist at the World Youth Championships and the African Junior Athletics Championships, he has represented Ethiopia at the African Championships in Athletics and the All-Africa Games. He was chosen to compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics. His 1500 m personal best is 3:33.82 minutes.
Born in Debre Zeyit in Ethiopia's Oromia Region, he came to international prominence as a teenager with a bronze medal at the 2007 World Youth Championships in Athletics and a silver at the 2007 African Junior Athletics Championships. He set a personal best of 3:41.25 minutes for the 1500 m that year at the Meeting Iberoamericano. He ran at the 2008 World Junior Championships in Athletics but was eliminated in the first round.
Dawit knocked nearly five seconds off his best in 2009. He won the Josef Odlozil Memorial 1500 m, took bronze at the 2009 African Junior Athletics Championships, and closed the season with a best of 3:36.74 minutes at the Shanghai Golden Grand Prix. A third place finish in the 800 metres at the 2010 Ethiopian Athletics Championships led to an appearance in that event at the 2010 African Championships in Athletics, where he was a semi-finalist. He had top three finishes on the 2011 European track and field circuit, highlighted by a run of 3:34.13 minutes in Oordegem. He was a 1500 m finalist at the 2011 All-Africa Games, but did not finish in the final.
He had a successful debut over the half marathon distance at the 2012 Egmond Half Marathon, breaking a thirteen-year-old course record with a time of 60:46 minutes. He was less successful at the Prague Half Marathon, coming eighth, but his 1500 m performances improved: he ran 3:33.82 minutes at the FBK Games and set a mile run best of 3:57.48 minutes at the Prefontaine Classic. As the second fastest Ethiopian that season, he was chosen for the Ethiopian team for the 2012 London Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36566357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566357" title="Algot Christoffersson">
Algot Christoffersson

Algot Christoffersson was a Swedish footballer who played as a defender. He played 150 matches and scored five goals for Malmö FF from 1923 to 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="36566365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566365" title="Kunzang Choden (sport shooter)">
Kunzang Choden (sport shooter)

Kunzang Choden (born 14 August 1984) is a Bhutanese sports shooter. She competed in the Women's 10 metre air rifle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36566368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566368" title="Yang Zhixian">
Yang Zhixian

Yang Zhixian is a Chinese swimmer who competes in the Men's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he finished 12th overall in the heats in the Men's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566374" title="Roberto Pavoni">
Roberto Pavoni

Roberto Pavoni is a British swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he finished 13th overall in the heats in the Men's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.
Roberto attended St. Helen's Catholic Primary School, in Brentwood, Essex, and learnt to swim In the school's pool.

</doc>
<doc id="36566379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566379" title="Mirabelle (London restaurant)">
Mirabelle (London restaurant)

Mirabelle was a restaurant in the Mayfair area of London. First opened in 1936, it became popular during the 50s and 60s, with certain celebrities being regulars. Chef Marco Pierre White bought it and owned it from 1998 to 2007, during which time, reports of celebrities dining at the restaurant once more occurred. It was sold in 2007. It earned a Michelin star in 2008 under head chef Charlie Rushton, and the star was kept until its closure for refurbishment later in 2008. It has remained closed since.
History.
The restaurant was first opened in 1936. The interior has a single main dining room, and two private dining rooms entitled the Pine Room and the Chinese Room, with the restaurant itself being based in basement with guests entering at street level and descending downstairs. The restaurant became popular following the Second World War, and in the 1950s and 1960s it was seen as the place to be. Regulars of the restaurant included Orson Welles and Winston Churchill. The restaurant was also used to entertain foreign guests of the British Government, such as in February 1962 when Lord Privy Seal Edward Heath dined with the Assistant Foreign Secretary of Yugoslavia.
In 1957, the chef and staff of Mirabelle relocated to Paris for a week to promote English food in the French capital. This also involved the temporary overturning of a ban on the importation of English oysters so that a thousand of them from Colchester could be sent for the Mirabelle staff to use there. Other dishes served in Paris included devilled kidneys and silverside of beef served with dumplings.
In 1988, the Brent Walker leisure group attempted to buy the restaurant for £3 million in order to convert it partially into a casino. The purchase was made, but the owner of the group George Alfred Walker could not get a casino licence for the premises after his criminal history was publicly revealed.
Marco Pierre White.
Marco Pierre White purchased Mirabelle and re-opened the restaurant in 1998. One of his changes was to install a disco ball as he thought it was romantic, with the overall design created by designer David Collins. Collins had previously worked with White on the interior design of Harvey's, and at other restaurants including revamping La Tante Claire on two occasions. His decorations included Venetian glass and leather embellishments. Paintings by Pierre Le Tan were commissioned, and added to drawings by Eugene Berman and ceramics by Pablo Picasso. The designs would later be described by food critics as something out of a "1920s liner". The restoration was filmed for the Channel 5 show "Waiting for Marco".
When Tim Zagat, founder of the Zagat restaurant guide, attempted to dine at the restaurant, he was summarily ejected from the premises by White. Zagat had previously given a poor review of one of White's other restaurants, Titantic. White retired from the kitchens of all of his restaurants in 1999, handing back any Michelin stars they may have earned. Under head chef Charlie Rushton it earned a Michelin star in 2000, however the chef left shortly afterwards and was replaced by Martin Caws, who previously was sous chef under White at the Oak Room.
Whilst White and his girlfriend Matilde Conejero were dining with Michael Winner at the restaurant in 2000, Winner asked why White hadn't yet had thoughts of marriage. The meal ended with White and Conejero having agreed to get married, although White later admitted that it wasn't exactly a proposal. They had already had two children, and would later have a daughter named Mirabelle. Shortly after celebrating his 40th birthday party at the restaurant in April 2002, White quit as Director amid reports that the establishment was somewhere in the region of £10 million in debt. This was despite a turnover of £7.76 million for the restaurant during that year, and a profit of over £1 million before tax. An auction of a number of bottles of wine from the restaurant was conducted in 2002, expected to raise around £200,000 at Sotheby's, although it was denied that the intention was to raise money to pay off the restaurant's debts.
The restaurant hit the press once more when a waiter initially refused to replace a bottle of Penfolds Grange Hermitage 1964 for actor Russell Crowe who said that it was corked. Eventually the waiter relented and replaced the £3,500 bottle, for Crowe and his guest, Connie Nielsen. Other Hollywood actors dined at the restaurant whilst it was owned by White, including Johnny Depp who ate there with partner Vanessa Paradis and spent £17,000 which included £11,000 for a single bottle of Romanée-Conti burgundy, and Leonardo DiCaprio who wasn't recognised by White when the actor thanked the chef for "the best meal I've ever had". Singer Madonna dined with Guy Ritchie at Mirabelle in 2000, and Kylie Minogue was photographed outside the restaurant in 2002.
The Mirabelle was sold by White in 2007 as one of three restaurants sold to Stephen Schaffe and Joseph Ettedgui, as they were no longer making a profit. The duo planned to re-open the restaurant once more, and keep it in the same location. They announced in January 2008 that the restaurant would re-open with a 1930s design, but that the six month refurbishment would result in some fifty staff members being laid off. However, it was later announced that the restaurant would not open until late 2010.
Menu.
Dishes served at Mirabelle under Marco Pierre White were of French cuisine, including various tarte tatins, soufflés and sea bass served with fennel and mashed potato. When White took over the restaurant in 1997, he reviewed the historical menus in order to find inspiration for a revamped range and found that not a great deal had changed on the menu since the 1950s. For instance, a borscht soup called "Barszcz a la Cracovienne" had been on the menu for over twenty years. Previous hors d'oeuvres served in the era before White's influence include ham from either Bayonne or York, crab with avocado, potted shrimp, escargot, and grapefruit. White's newer menu was documented when he wrote "The Mirabelle Cookbook", published by Ebury Publishing in 1999, and certain dishes were published in the national press to promote the restaurant.
Legacy.
Whilst under White a number of future celebrity chefs were trained, including Australian Curtis Stone who was also involved in the production of "The Mirabelle Cookbook". Other chefs to have worked with White there include British television chef Richard Phillips.
Chefs that worked at Mirabelle before White included Alberto Crisci, who went on to run the kitchens at High Down prison and launched the restaurant The Clink where inmates served haute cuisine to members of the public inside the prison itself.In addition Steve Pullman was there after Jean Drease.
Other famous chefs at Mirabelle were royal chef Antony Jacobs, he opened a little upscale restaurant based on the Mirabelle menu, this was called Bastille. The Mirabelle cookbook features impossible to copy recipes from Robbie Robinson. Robbie was so secretive he would hide his skills from all other personnel at "Mirabelle. The Mirabelle was bought in 1961 by the DeVere group who also owned the Connought Rooms. This was the countries biggest and possibly the best banqueting rooms . 3000 plus meals a sitting.
Reception.
Caroline Stacey ate at Mirabelle in 1998 after Marco Pierre White took it over. She described the cooking as "timeless" with certain courses "unforgettable" and that the main courses were "stellar". She didn't think that the dessert options were as good as the rest of the menu however, but selected the restaurant as one of her favourites she had visited that year. Deborah Ross ate at the Mirabelle for "The Spectator" in May 2000, describing the food as "brilliant". She was pleased with the presentation of certain dishes, including the salmon terrine which appeared to be a sandcastle and a starter of asparagus with hollandaise sauce which she described as a "sweet little bundle like one of those dried-flower arrangements you can buy in National Trust shops".
Victoria Moore, who wrote a piece on the yorkshire pudding for "The Guardian" in 2000, described how she was disappointed by the version offered by Mirabelle. It was firstly delivered alongside the rest of the course, and not served ahead of the dish as in Yorkshire tradition and then thought that it had been made richer in order to make it "more appealing to toffs".
By 2006, critic Bryan Appleyard felt that the restaurant had been taken over by the hedge fund industry and had turned into little more than a staff canteen for them, and thought that the service he received at the restaurant was "appalling" as he was not one of them.
Awards and ratings.
In 1999, it was named London's best new restaurant. Whilst under White's ownership, it was first awarded a Michelin star in the 2000 list, which it retained until its closure in 2008.
In 2007, the restaurant publicly received a poor rating of its hygiene standards, being given only one star out of five by environmental health inspectors. This score was summarised as "A poor level of compliance with food safety legislation. Much more effort required."

</doc>
<doc id="36566381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566381" title="German submarine U-237">
German submarine U-237

German submarine "U-237" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
The submarine was laid down on 23 April 1942 at the "Friedrich Krupp Germaniawerft" yard at Kiel as 'werk' 667, launched on 17 December and commissioned on 30 January 1943 under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Hubert Nordheimer.
After training with the 5th U-boat Flotilla at Kiel, she went to the 23rd flotilla as a trials boat and then to the 31st flotilla.
She was sunk in Kiel by British bombs in April 1945.
Fate.
She was sunk by American bombs at the "Germaniawerft" in Kiel during a raid on 14 May 1943, but was raised, repaired and returned to service. She was sunk a second time by British bombs at the "Deutsche Werke" in Kiel on 4 April 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="36566382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566382" title="Vallarino">
Vallarino

Vallarino is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36566385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566385" title="Wang Chengxiang">
Wang Chengxiang

Wang Chengxiang is a Chinese swimmer who competes in the Men's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he finished 14th overall in the heats in the Men's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566392" title="Maksym Shemberev">
Maksym Shemberev

Maksym Shemberev is a Ukrainian swimmer who competes in the Men's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he finished 15th overall in the heats in the Men's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566395" title="Raphaël Stacchiotti">
Raphaël Stacchiotti

Raphaël Stacchiotti (born March 9, 1992 in Luxembourg City) is a Luxembourgian swimmer, who specialized in the freestyle and individual medley events. He is a two-time Olympian (2008 and 2012), a multiple-time Luxembourgian record holder in all freestyle and medley events, and a double European junior champion. Stacchiotti also holds numerous meet records and collects a total of 18 medals (16 golds, one silver, and one bronze) from the Games of the Small States of Europe (2009, 2011, and 2013). At the 2008 Summer Olympics, Stacchiotti became the youngest athlete (aged 16) to be chosen by the Luxembourg squad, and was given an honor of carrying the nation's flag in the opening ceremony.
Career.
International career.
Stacchiotti made his official debut, as Luxembourg's youngest athlete in history (aged 16) at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where he was given a prestige of carrying the nation's flag in the opening ceremony. He qualified for the men's 200 m freestyle by eclipsing a FINA B-cut of 1:50.30 from the FINA World Junior Championships in Monterrey, Mexico. Stacchiotti challenged seven other swimmers in heat four, including India's 16-year-old Virdhawal Khade and Czech Republic's three-time Olympian Květoslav Svoboda. He rounded out the field to last place by 0.15 of a second behind Khade in 1:52.01. Stacchiotti failed to advance into the semifinals, as he placed forty-ninth overall out of 58 swimmers in the prelims.
In 2009, Stacchiotti earned his first ever career gold medal in the 200 m individual medley (2:02.56) at the European Junior Championships in Prague, Czech Republic. Two weeks later, at the FINA World Championships in Rome, Italy, Stacchiotti placed forty-seventh in the 200 m individual medley (2:05.51), thirty-fifth in the 400 m individual medley (4:26.63), and forty-fifth in the 200 m freestyle (1:49.61, a Luxembourgish record).
At the 2010 European Junior Swimming Championships in Helsinki, Finland, Stacchiotti stormed home on the final lap to defend his 200 m individual medley title in 2:02.52, holding off Great Britain's Ieuan Lloyd by two-tenths of a second (0.20). He also collected a silver medal in the 400 m individual medley at 4:21.28.
At the 2011 FINA World Championships in Shanghai, Stacchiotti failed to reach the semifinals in any of his individual events, finishing twentieth each in the 200 m individual medley (2:00.87) and 400 m individual medley (4:20.64), both with a textile best and a new Luxembourgish record.
2012 Summer Olympics.
Stacchiotti competed in an individual medley double, as a 20-year-old, at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. He achieved Olympic invitation times (formerly a FINA B-standard) of 2:00.22 (200 m individual medley) and 4:18.98 (400 m individual medley) from the European Long Course Meet in Luxembourg City.
On the first day of the Games, Stacchiotti placed eighteenth in the 400 m individual medley. Swimming in heat two, he blasted a new Luxembourgian record of 4:17.20, but came up short in second place by nearly half a second (0.50) behind Belgium's Ward Bauwens. Four days later, in the 200 m individual medley, Stacchiotti registered a time of 2:00.38, just a small fraction outside his own record, but missed the semifinals by a tenth of a second (0.10) behind Canada's Andrew Ford. Ending up with frustration and disbelief, Stacchiotti failed in what was to be his most surprising moment of all time: "It's my fault. I completely lost my rhythm during the breaststroke”.

</doc>
<doc id="36566396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566396" title="Soso Palelashvili">
Soso Palelashvili

Iosef "Soso" Palelashvili (, ; born 6 September 1986) is an Israeli judoka. He competes in the Lightweight (under 73 kg) weight category.
Palelashvili competed in Judo at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Palelashvili was born in Gori, Georgia and in 2008 made aliyah with his Jewish wife.

</doc>
<doc id="36566400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566400" title="Riaan Schoeman">
Riaan Schoeman

Riaan Schoeman (born September 18, 1989 in Vereeniging) is a South African swimmer who competes in the Men's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he finished joint 19th overall in the heats in the Men's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566403" title="Shimōsa Plateau">
Shimōsa Plateau

The is a plateau on the Kantō Plain in central Honshu, Japan. The plateau covers most of northern Chiba Prefecture. The plateau was historically richly agricultural, but in the 20th century the western and central Shimōsa Plateau became one of the major industrial areas of Japan, as well as a large-scale bedroom community of the Tokyo Metropolitan Region. Narita International Airport is located in the center of the Shimōsa Plateau.
Geography.
The Shimōsa Plateau　covers most of northern Chiba Prefecture. The plateau ranges between and above sea level. While the Shimōsa Plateau has no set boundaries, it ranges roughly south to north from the Bōsō Hill Range to the lowlands of the Tone River, and east from the Edo River west to the lowlands of Kujūkuri Beach. The plateau runs from Funabashi to Katori.
Geology.
Shimōsa Plateau sits above the , a geological group under the Bōsō Peninsula. The Shimōsa Group dates from the Tertiary and Pleistocene periods, and is roughly divided into the Jizodo, Yabu, and Narita formations. The geological group consists primarily of sedimentary layers of loose sand, and secondarily of clay silt and pebbly-sand layers. Above the Shimōsa Group are more recent rich, fertile layers of volcanic ash. The Shimōsa Plateau yields great deposits of fossils, notably molluscan fossils, as the plateau was originally submerged under water.
Rivers and lakes.
The Shimōsa Plateau is crossed by several short, shallow rivers and two small lakes. The Kuriyama River () flows eastward from the central area of the plateau east of Narita International Airport to the Pacific Ocean. The shorter Kido River () similarly flows eastward and empties into the Pacific Ocean in the city of Sanmu.
Lake Teganuma originally occupied a large area to the north of the plateau, but has narrowed in modern times due to being sealed off from the Tone River and land reclamation projects. Teganuma historically covered , but after land reclamation now covers . Lake Inbanuma was created by the natural damming of a small valley in the Shimōsa Plateau, and originally covered . After land reclamation projects, similar to those carried out on Teganuma, it now covers .
Parks.
Suigo-Tsukuba Quasi-National Park sits to the northeast of the Shimōsa Plateau in Chiba and Ibaraki prefectures. The park was established on March 3, 1953 and protects natural areas and cultural heritage of, among other areas, the Tone River basin directly to the north of the plateau. Imba-Teganuma Prefectural Natural Park was established to protect Lakes Teganuma and Inbanuma, and is located at the north of the plateau.
Economy.
Early history.
The Shimōsa Plateau has supported a population since ancient times, as evidenced by the large concentration of Jomon period "kaizuka" or shell middens across the plateau. The plateau was historically located in Shimōsa Province, after which it was named, and was a productive agricultural area prior to the industrialization of Japan. The area served to produce rice and vegetables as early as the Nara period. Ranches on the Shimōsa Plateau flatlands were developed to raise horses. Additionally, the network of rivers and canals provided for the inland transport of marine products from the Pacific Ocean to Edo. During the Edo period the Shimōsa Plateau saw large-scale development of new rice paddies by the Tokugawa shogunate, as well as the further development of horse ranches, specifically the Kogane and Sakura ranches to supply horses to the shogunate. The inland water routes from Chōshi were developed to supply rice, marine products, and vegetables directly to the capital at Edo.
Modern period.
The economic development of the Shimōsa Plateau continued after the Meiji restoration of 1868. An extensive rail network was established and replaced the slower canal routes to the capital. During the militarization of northern Chiba Prefecture that began in the early 20th century, the eastern area of the plateau was declared a military zone. The Shimōsa Plateau was a center of the manufacture of war goods, notably of munitions and military aircraft, and saw the construction of numerous military facilities. Shimofusa Air Base was constructed in 1945 by the Imperial Japanese Army Air Force on the border of Kashiwa and Kamegaya. Most of the military facilities and industrial areas on the Shimōsa Plateau were destroyed by Allied bombing during World War II.
Post-World War II.
In the period immediately following World War II the plateau remained agricultural. Primary industry, almost entirely agriculture, accounted for 63% of economic activity, secondary accounted for 12%, and tertiary 25%. Post-war industrial planning resulted in large-scale development of coastal areas on the eastern Shimōsa Plateau along Tokyo Bay. Fishing and agricultural areas along the bay were replaced by landfill. The scenery of the eastern plateau went from largely agricultural to a vast area of factory smokestacks and high-rise housing. The development of sprawling port facilities, originally centered on the city of Chiba, culminated in the establishment of Keiyō Industrial Zone. Manufacturing facilities were developed across the central Shimōsa Plateau in the same period.
Immediately after World War II, the transportation system of northern Chiba Prefecture was significantly improved. The rail network connecting northern Chiba Prefecture to Tokyo was expanded, allowing the construction of large-scale housing facilities, and northern Chiba Prefecture became a bedroom community of metropolitan Tokyo. The construction of Narita International Airport between 1972 and 1978 resulted in further economic development and population increase on the central Shimōsa Plateau.
In contrast to the large-scale economic development of the western and central Shimōsa Plateau, other parts of Chiba Prefecture saw relatively little economic development and ultimately long-term population decline, notably on the eastern Shimōsa Plateau, the Kujūkuri Plain, and entirety of the southern Bōsō Peninsula.
Economy.
The Shimōsa Plateau remains an important economic center of Japan. Compared to the post-war period, the distribution of economic activity on the plateau has changed. Primary industry accounts for only 5% of economic activity, secondary accounted for 27%, and tertiary 68%. Tertiary industry on the plateau consists of both the service industry serving the densely populated areas of northern Chiba Prefecture, as well as the extensive logistics network connecting the Keiyō Industrial Zone and Narita International Airport with other areas of Japan. While agriculture accounts for a small part of the overall economy on the Shimōsa Plateau, the northern and eastern area of the plateau is a large producer of vegetables for the Tokyo Metropolitan Region. The flat, eastern part of the Shimōsa Plateau continues to support rice production.

</doc>
<doc id="36566410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566410" title="Federico Turrini">
Federico Turrini

Federico Turrini is an Italian swimmer who competes in the Men's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he finished joint 19th overall in the heats in the Men's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final. At the 2013 Mediterranean Games held in Mersin, Turkey he won the gold medal in 200 individual medley by 1:59:35.

</doc>
<doc id="36566417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566417" title="Alexander Tikhonov (swimmer)">
Alexander Tikhonov (swimmer)

Alexander Tikhonov is a Russian swimmer who competes in the Men's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he finished 21st overall in the heats in the Men's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566420" title="Désix">
Désix

The Désix River is a river in the south of France. Its source is in Fenolheda, near Aussières peak. It flows through Rabouillet, Sournia, Pézilla-de-Conflent, Felluns and Trilla before it empties into the Agly River near Ansignan .

</doc>
<doc id="36566428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566428" title="Vallecilla">
Vallecilla

Vallecilla is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36566429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566429" title="Diaz Kusumawardani">
Diaz Kusumawardani

Diaz Kusumawardani (born 2 November 1995) is an Indonesian sports shooter. She competed in the Women's 10 metre air rifle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36566448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566448" title="Gunnar Optiks">
Gunnar Optiks

GUNNAR Optiks is a company founded in 2007, specializing in treated eyewear designed specifically to be safety glasses and protect eyes from computer vision syndrome. Gunnar eyewear has received considerable attention in technical media reviews, including PCWorld, Lifehacker, Huffington Post, and Gizmodo. The company sells its eyeglasses online on its website, as well as at retail stores, including Best Buy.
The company makes marketing claims that the eyewear improves contrast and comfort, while reducing eye fatigue and visual stress, especially for people who spend many hours staring at digital displays. A Pacific University research study of 36 participants did in fact find significant differences in irritation or burning of the eyes, tearing, or watery eyes, dry eyes, and tired eyes, that were each improved by Gunnar lenses versus placebo lenses, however there was no significant difference in glare reduction or contrast improvement versus the placebo lenses. The study also never tested the alternative method of simulating the effect of Gunnar lenses by simply adjusting the computer monitor's parameters such as brightness, contrast and color temperature. In a 2008 follow-up study the team was not able to reproduce the results of the first study, finding no difference in burning of the eyes, tearing, or watery eyes with Gunnar Optiks compared to placebo glasses. The study found " scientific evidence for a change in accommodation (focusing), tear volume, or electromyography of the eyelid (squinting and blinking)".
Co-founders.
Joe Croft and Jennifer Michelsen co-founded GUNNAR Optiks after Michelsen's husband was diagnosed with computer vision syndrome and was experiencing migraine headaches. Croft, a Stanford-educated engineer, had recently left the Oakley eyewear brand. The company is named for the Michelsens' oldest son, Gunnar. Michelsen went to the University of Rhode Island and studied International Marketing.

</doc>
<doc id="36566457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566457" title="Alec Page">
Alec Page

Alec Page is a Canadian swimmer who competes in the Men's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he finished 23rd overall in the heats in the Men's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566460" title="Wang Xuanxuan">
Wang Xuanxuan

Wang Xuanxuan (b. January 26, 1990 ) is a Chinese heavyweight amateur boxer who won Bronze at the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships (results).
At the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships he beat four Asians before losing to Teymur Mammadov, his result meant he qualified for the Olympics 2012. At the Chinese Championships he defeated Wang Jianzheng.
At the 2012 Olympics he lost his first bout to Bulgarian Tervel Pulev 7:10.

</doc>
<doc id="36566477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566477" title="Yury Suvorau">
Yury Suvorau

Yury Yurievich Suvorau (; born March 29, 1991 in Vitebsk) is a Belarusian swimmer, who specialized in individual medley events. Suvorau qualified for the men's 400 m individual medley, as a member of the Belarusian swimming team, at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, by attaining a B-standard entry time of 4:23.35. Suvorau challenged seven other swimmers in the second heat, including two-time Olympian Raphaël Stacchiotti of Luxembourg. He finished the race in a third-place tie with Portugal's Diogo Carvalho, breaking a new Belarusian record time of 4:23.06. Suvorau, however, failed to advance into the final, as he placed twenty-sixth out of 37 swimmers in the preliminary heats.

</doc>
<doc id="36566479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566479" title="Sofia Padilla">
Sofia Padilla

Sofia Padilla (born 19 May 1989) is an Ecuadorian sports shooter. She competed in the Women's 10 metre air rifle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36566480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566480" title="Aspasius Paternus">
Aspasius Paternus

Aspasius Paternus (fl. 3rd century) was a Roman senator who was appointed consul twice.
Biography.
Aspasius Paternus was a member of Paterni, a prominent senatorial family. He was appointed "consul suffect" sometime around AD 246. In AD 257, Paternus was assigned as the Proconsular governor of Africa. His next appointment was as "Praefectus urbi" of Rome, a position he held from AD 264 – 266. In AD 268, Paternus was appointed "consul prior", alongside Publius Licinius Egnatius Marinianus. He may have been among the supporters of the emperor Gallienus who died in late 268 during the purge of Gallienus’ partisans by the incoming emperor Claudius Gothicus.

</doc>
<doc id="36566483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566483" title="ATCOM">
ATCOM

ATCOM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36566484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566484" title="Hototogisu (magazine)">
Hototogisu (magazine)

History.
"Hototogisu" was founded in 1897 in Matsuyama by Yanagihara Kyokudō, who edited it under the direction of Masaoka Shiki. It soon became the leading forum for Shiki's Nippon school of haiku. The following year, the magazine's headquarters moved to Tokyo and its editorship was taken over by Takahama Kyoshi. At the same time, the magazine's scope was expanded to include tanka and haibun as well has haiku, and Shiki began publishing essays in his "shaseibun" ("sketch from life prose") style. It had established itself as Japan's leading haiku magazine by this time, and the first Tokyo edition sold out on its first day.
Following Shiki's death in 1902, the magazine's focus shifted to the fiction of modernist writers such as Natsume Sōseki, but in 1912 Kyoshi once again began including haiku.
In 1916, Kyoshi initiated the "Kitchen Miscellanies" column in "Hototogisu" to promote the writings of women haiku poets such as Sugita Hisajo.
When Kyoshi died in 1959, editorship passed to his son Toshio. Since 1979, the editor has been Teiko Inahata (b. 1931), Kyoshi's grand-daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="36566485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566485" title="Margaret Maddocks">
Margaret Maddocks

Margaret Maddocks, née Margaret Kathleen Avern (10 August 1906 – 1993), was a British writer of 17 gothic and romance novels. Before retiring she wrote her autobiography: "An Unlessoned Girl" in 1977. She is the only novelist to win four Romantic Novel of the Year Award by the Romantic Novelists' Association.
Biography.
Personal life.
Maddocks was born on 10 August 1906 in Caversham, Oxfordshire (now Berkshire), England, UK. She was educated at St. Helen's School, Northwood, London, Middlesex, and in Dresden, Staffordshire. On 1937, she married Richard Maddocks, who died in 1970. She died on 1993.
Career.
Published since 1947 under her married name, Margaret Maddocks, she is the only novelist, who won four Romantic Novel of the Year Award by the Romantic Novelists' Association for her novels "Larksbrook" (1962), "The Silver Answer" (1965), "Thea" (1970), and "The Moon is Square" (1976).
In 1977, before retiring she published her autobiography: "An Unlessoned Girl".

</doc>
<doc id="36566489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566489" title="Jung Won-yong">
Jung Won-yong

Jung Won-Yong (also "Jeong Won-Yong", ; born May 16, 1992 in Gyeonggi-do) is a South Korean swimmer, who specialized in freestyle and individual medley events. He won a bronze medal, as a member of the South Korean swimming team, in the 400 m freestyle relay at the 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou, China.
Jung qualified for two swimming events at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, by eclipsing FINA B-standard entry times of 2:02.50 (200 m individual medley) and 4:18.98 (400 m individual medley) from the FINA World Championships in Shanghai, China. In the 400 m individual medley, Jung challenged seven other swimmers on the second heat, including two-time Olympian Raphaël Stacchiotti of Luxembourg. He clinched a fifth spot and twenty-eighth overall by six hundredths of a second (0.06) behind Belarus' Yury Suvorau and Portugal's Diogo Carvalho, outside his entry time of 4:23.12. In his second event, 200 m individual medley, Jung edged out Ukrainian swimmer and double European junior champion Maksym Shemberev of Ukraine to claim a heat one victory by 0.07 of a second, with a time of 2:03.33. Jung failed to advance into the semifinals, as he placed thirty-second in the preliminary heats.

</doc>
<doc id="36566490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566490" title="House of Egibi">
House of Egibi

The House of Egibi were a mercantile Babylonian family whose financial activities are known to modern archaeologists via an archive of about 1,700 clay tablets spanning 5 generations, from around 600 to 482 BC.
History.
The business house of Neo-Babylonia and Achaemenid Babylonia, the earliest known of to archaeology, were involved in selling, buying and exchanging houses, fields, slaves and banking operations; as creditors, accepted deposits for safe keeping, financing international trade, and founding commercial companies. All monies for these purposes were from the houses own monies rather than that deposited by others. Some of members also were employed to Persian royalty (for instance Nebo-akkhi-idin as judges ). The head of the house during 528 BC was Itti-Marduk-balatu, active in Opis during that time (Darius I began in reign during 520 BC ). 
The inheritance of the house was divided amongst sons of the family during 508. 
Itti-mardu-balāțu (son to Nabū-Aẖẖē-iddin ) passed his inheritance to three sons. The eldest Marduk-nāṣir-apli received half, Nergel-ušēzib and Nab-(a)ḫḫē-bulliț the remainder divided between them.
The family were involved in land management sometime between 518 and 501 for the treasurer to the king.
Marduk-nāșir-apli was presumably the head during the period 521 to 487 BC.
In the chronology of Moore and Lewis the house Egibi is contemporary with Iranu.
Archive.
Discovered sometime late 19th to early 20th century, the very large ("enormous") number of archaeological artifacts, in fact the largest extant of Neo-Babylonia from Babylon, pertain to the firm beginning during th time of Ashur-ahu-iddina (680-669 BC) The Egibi archive are tablets documenting five generations of life of the family written by the members beginning 602 (ending 486 BC) who in the earlier generations derived their wealth by agricultural activity rather than in participation in temple based employment. The Nūr-Sin (577-480 BC), are documented in the Egibi archive. 
During the time of Theophilus G. Pinches the known tablets related to a period 605-517.
J.N.Strassmier and separately A.Ungnad made copies of texts including some of the Egibi archive.
History of scholarship.
Pinches at some time translated at least a portion of the Egibi Tablets. The founder of the house was thought in earlier scholarship (considered inconclusively proved by Wallis Budge) to be an individual known called Jacob, ["therefore of Jewish origin" (Rainey; A. H. Sayce; Delitzsch ), thought at one time being active at the earliest during the late 7th century, although in later reconsideration as instead during the 9th century BC (Boardman, Edward,Hammond 1991), and being proved Sumero-Babylonian origin not Jewish.

</doc>
<doc id="36566496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566496" title="Esteban Enderica">
Esteban Enderica

Esteban José Enderica Salgado (Cuenca, 30 October 1990) is an Ecuadorian swimmer who competes in the men's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he finished 29th overall in the heats in the men's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566506" title="Pedro Pinotes">
Pedro Pinotes

Pedro Pinotes is an Angolan swimmer who competes in the Men's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he finished 30th overall in the heats in the Men's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566511" title="Schiavonetti">
Schiavonetti

Schiavonetti may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36566513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566513" title="Aimee Willmott">
Aimee Willmott

Aimee Willmott (born 26 February 1993) is a British swimmer. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 400 metre individual medley, but did not reach the final.
Willmott has a younger sister Chloe (born 1 October 1994) who is also competitive swimmer. Their father Stuart Willmott are former Olympic swimmers. She is a member of the Middlesbrough Amateur Swimming Club, where her father works as a coach, but she is trained by Lisa Bates.

</doc>
<doc id="36566539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566539" title="Vallelonga (surname)">
Vallelonga (surname)

Vallelonga is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36566540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566540" title="Kashif Jawwad">
Kashif Jawwad

Kashif Jawwad (February 7, 1981 Karachi) was a field hockey player and Former Hockey captain of Pakistan National Hockey Team, he was part of the Pakistan National Hockey Team in two Olympics games. He played 107 matches from Pakistan and he score 51 goals in his career.

</doc>
<doc id="36566545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566545" title="Vallen">
Vallen

Vallen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36566548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566548" title="Omeyer &amp; Thori">
Omeyer &amp; Thori

Omeyer & Thori was an architectural partnership of Diedrik A. Omeyer (1850-1907) and Martin P. Thori (1864-1905). The two were immigrants from Norway.
A number of the firm's and its individual partners' works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Works include (with attribution):

</doc>
<doc id="36566549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566549" title="Jeong Mi-ra">
Jeong Mi-ra

Jeong Mi-ra (born 16 February 1987) is a South Korean sports shooter. She competed in the Women's 10 metre air rifle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36566550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566550" title="Bethanie Nail">
Bethanie Nail

Bethanie Nail ("Bethanie Anne "Beth" Nail," married name Kearney; born 24 March 1956) is a retired Australian athlete who specialised in sprint and middle distance events. 
She competed in her first international competition in 1974, at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games. She competed in the 400 metres event.
In her first Olympic competition in Montreal, 1976, Kearney competed in the 400 metres, and the 4 × 400 metres relay events. The relay team came fourth in the final with a time of 3 m 25.56 secs.
At the 1978 Commonwealth Games in Edmonton, she won a bronze medal in the 400 metres and a silver in the 4 × 400 metres relay.
She is currently on the Executive of the Tasmanian Olympic Council.

</doc>
<doc id="36566557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566557" title="Georg Österlin">
Georg Österlin

Georg Österlin was a Swedish footballer who played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36566573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566573" title="Anton Sveinn McKee">
Anton Sveinn McKee

Anton Sveinn McKee is an Icelandic swimmer who competes in the Men's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he finished 31st overall in the heats in the Men's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566583" title="David Montolieu, Baron de St Hippolyte">
David Montolieu, Baron de St Hippolyte

General David (de) Montolieu, Baron de St Hippolyte (16699 June 1761) was a French Huguenot officer in the British service. He came to England as refugee with William, Prince of Orange in 1688, and entered the army. For his services in Piedmont against France, Montolieu de Saint-Hippolyte was created a Baron of the Holy Roman Empire ("Reichsfreiherr") by Emperor Joseph I, by letters patent dated at Vienna, 14 February 1706.
His male issue became extinct on the death "s.p.m.s." of his grandson Louis Montolieu, seigneur de Saint-Hippolyte, 3rd Baron, 20 May 1817. The heir of the line of the Barons de St Hippolyte was in 1910 his great-granddaughter Constance Maria, "née" Hammersley, widow of Lieut.-Colonel Henry Edward Stopford (though Lord Elibank was often erroneously stated to be the heir).
References.
"This article incorporates text from publications now in the public domain:"

</doc>
<doc id="36566587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566587" title="Daniel Tranter">
Daniel Tranter

Daniel Tranter is an Australian swimmer who competes in the individual medley events. At the 2012 Olympics, he finished 13th in the 200 IM and 32nd heats in the 400 IM.
He attended Westfields Sports High School.

</doc>
<doc id="36566588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566588" title="Quah Zheng Wen">
Quah Zheng Wen

Quah Zheng Wen is a Singaporean swimmer who competes in the Men's 200m and 400m individual medley.
In June 2012 he set a national record in the 200m medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he finished 33rd overall in the heats in the Men's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.
Quah was Singapore's flag bearer for the 2013 Asian Youth Games. He subsequently won three individual gold medals and one silver medal at the 200m backstroke, 200m butterfly, 200m individual medley and 200m freestyle events respectively. He also won the team silver and bronze medals at the 4×10 m freestyle relay and 4×100m medley relay events.
Personal life.
Quah has an elder sister, Quah Ting Wen, who is also a swimming representative for Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="36566594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566594" title="Åke Hansson">
Åke Hansson

Åke Hansson (born 7 May 1927) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36566596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566596" title="Salman Khan filmography">
Salman Khan filmography

Salman Khan is an Indian film actor, producer, television presenter who has starred in more than 80 Hindi films.
Khan made his acting debut in Biwi Ho To Aisi (1988). He achieved commercial success and stardom with "Maine Pyar Kiya" (1989), for which he won a Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut. In 1999, Khan won a Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor for his extended appearance in "Kuch Kuch Hota Hai" (1998). He starred in "Ek Tha Tiger" (2012) (which has become the second highest-grossing Bollywood film of all-time) and as of 2012, eight of his films have accumulated gross earnings of over worldwide, making Salman Khan one of the most successful leading actors of Hindi cinema.
"Tere Naam" (2003) is till date considered Salman Khan's best film with critically acclaimed performance. For "Tere Naam", Taran Adarsh said of him, "Salman Khan is exceptional in a role that fits him to the T. He breathes fire in sequences that demand uneasiness. But beneath the tough exterior lies a vulnerable person and this facet in particular comes to the fore in the latter reels. His emotional outbursts are splendid..." He also received positive reviews for his portrayal of the cop Chulbul Pandey aka Robinhood Pandey in "Dabangg". Anupama Chopra of NDTV said, "It's the role of a lifetime and Salman Khan bites into it like a starving man devours a feast. He inhabits it fully, strutting and swaggering and even, spoofing himself." He has thus established himself as one of the leading actors in Hindi cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="36566597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566597" title="Marko Blaževski">
Marko Blaževski

Marko Blazhevski (born 10 November 1992) is a Macedonian swimmer who competes in the Men's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he finished 34th overall in the heats in the Men's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566603" title="Rafael Alfaro">
Rafael Alfaro

Rafael Alfaro is a Salvadoran swimmer who competed in the Men's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he finished 35th overall in the heats in the Men's 400 metre individual medley.

</doc>
<doc id="36566613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566613" title="Raya Zeineddine">
Raya Zeineddine

Raya Zeineddine ( born 8 March 1988) is a Syrian sports shooter. She competed in the Women's 10 metre air rifle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36566625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566625" title="Taki M'Rabet">
Taki M'Rabet

Taki Mrabet (born February 28, 1989 in Paris, France) is a Tunisian swimmer who competes in the Men's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he was disqualified in the heats of the Men's 400 metre individual medley.

</doc>
<doc id="36566640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566640" title="Miyu Otsuka">
Miyu Otsuka

Miyu Otsuka is a Japanese swimmer who competes in the Women's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 12th overall in the heats in the Women's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566644" title="Sakina Mamedova">
Sakina Mamedova

Sakina Mamedova (born 13 December 1985) is a Uzbekistani sports shooter. She competed in the Women's 10 metre air rifle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She is also scheduled to compete in the Women's 50 metre rifle three positions event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566645" title="Stina Gardell">
Stina Gardell

Stina Gardell is a female Olympic medley swimmer from Sweden. She swam for Sweden at the 2012 Olympics. She attends university, and swims from, the USA's University of Southern California.
At the 2012 Olympics she finished 14th in Women's 400 IM.

</doc>
<doc id="36566650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566650" title="Katheryn Meaklim">
Katheryn Meaklim

Katheryn Meaklim (born 20 July 1989) is a South African swimmer who competes in the Women's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 16th overall in the heats in the Women's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566656" title="Kim Seo-yeong (swimmer)">
Kim Seo-yeong (swimmer)

Kim Seo-Yeong (; born March 17, 1994 in Gyeonggi-do) is a South Korean swimmer, who specialized in individual medley events. Kim broke a South Korean record of 2:13.65 to take the bronze medal in the 200 m individual medley at the 2009 East Asian Games in Hong Kong, China.
Kim qualified for the women's 400 m individual medley at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, by clearing a FINA B-standard entry time of 4:46.56 from the Dong-A Swimming Championships in Ulsan. She topped the second heat by nearly two seconds ahead of seven other swimmers, including former bronze medalists Sara Nordenstam of Norway and four-time Olympian Georgina Bardach of Argentina, breaking her personal best of 4:43.99. Kim's overwhelming triumph was not enough to advance her into the final, as she placed seventeenth overall in the preliminary heats.

</doc>
<doc id="36566660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566660" title="Chris Hurley (footballer)">
Chris Hurley (footballer)

Christopher Joseph Hurley (born 20 November 1943 in Hornchurch, Essex) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a defender for Millwall.
Thereafter Chris played non-League with 5 seasons at Dover, a year at Wimbledon (a Southern League team at the time) and then on to Ashford Town.

</doc>
<doc id="36566665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566665" title="Lara Grangeon">
Lara Grangeon

Lara Grangeon is a French swimmer from the territory of New Caledonia who competes in the Women's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 18th overall in the heats in the Women's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566667" title="Natalie Wiegersma">
Natalie Wiegersma

Natalie Wiegersma is a New Zealand swimmer who competes in the Women's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 19th overall in the heats in the Women's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566670" title="Miho Takahashi">
Miho Takahashi

Miho Takahashi is a Japanese swimmer who competes in the Women's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 20th overall in the heats in the Women's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566671" title="Stefania Pirozzi">
Stefania Pirozzi

Stefania Pirozzi is an Italian swimmer who competes in the Women's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 22nd overall in the heats in the Women's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566680" title="Yana Martynova">
Yana Martynova

Yana Martynova is a Russian swimmer who competes in the Women's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 24th overall in the heats in the Women's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566684" title="Claudia Dasca Romeu">
Claudia Dasca Romeu

Claudia Dasca Romeu is a Spanish swimmer who competes in the Women's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 25th overall in the heats in the Women's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566689" title="Hanna Dzerkal">
Hanna Dzerkal

Ganna Dzerkal (born 18 August 1987) is a Ukrainian swimmer who competes in the Women's 200m and 400m individual medley, the women's 200m Breaststroke, and the 4x200m freestyle relay. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 26th overall in the heats in the Women's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final. In the 200 metre medley she won her heat.

</doc>
<doc id="36566693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566693" title="Karolina Szczepaniak">
Karolina Szczepaniak

Karolina Szczepaniak (born August 12, 1992 in Warsaw) is a Polish swimmer who competes in the Women's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 31st overall in the heats in the Women's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566696" title="Sara El Bekri">
Sara El Bekri

Sara El Bekri is a Moroccan swimmer who competes in the Women's 400m individual medley. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 32nd overall in the heats in the Women's 400 metre individual medley and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566703" title="Carole Calmes">
Carole Calmes

Carole Calmes (born 10 September 1978) is a Luxembourgian sports shooter. She competed in the Women's 10 metre air rifle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36566720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566720" title="Mats Arvidsson">
Mats Arvidsson

Mats Arvidsson (born 19 April 1958) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a defender.
Arvidsson played for Malmö FF, making 127 appearances for the one club he played for.

</doc>
<doc id="36566725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566725" title="Katerine Savard">
Katerine Savard

Katerine Savard is a Canadian swimmer born May 26, 1993 who resides in Montreal, Quebec. She holds the senior Canadian records 50m and 100m Butterfly in Olympic pool (Long Course pool) and holds Canadian junior Butterfly in the 200m. She also holds the senior Canadian records 100m Butterfly in Semi-Olympic pool (Short Course pool) and Canadian junior Butterfly in the 200m. She competes in the women's Butterfly competitions. Savard is the reigning champion of the Summer Universiade in the 100m Butterfly, while also acquiring a medal in the 50m Butterfly at this 2013 games.
Personal.
Savard begins to swim early, her mother afraid of drowning, she dives into the water at the age of 8 months. At this time, she did not like water. She continued to meet her Aquaventure 4 certification, where she stands out for her excellent technique in several strokes and was invited to join the sports team Swim Club UNIK from Pont-Rouge. In 2004, at 10 years old, after a few medals in regional competitions, she received the title of succession of the year of this club.
She takes more taste for competitions and decided in 2006, at age 13, to join the swim club CSQ at Quebec City which offers the Sport-Study swimming in high school the Camaradière.
More intensive training leads her quickly, within a few months, to achieve the standard Youth and to make her first provincial team, the "Triangulaire" in 2007. She made her first provincial record in 2008. She joined her first and only Canadian junior team in 2009 and made her first Canadian record in 2011. From 2010, her performances propel in senior teams despite her 16 years old, having become a national champion in the 100m butterfly. Since then, she is part of the national team and participates in all major games like London Olympics 2012 for which she was selected at just 18 years of age.
Since 2013, she stands out on the international scene and has established a world record of the Summer Universiade in 100m butterfly. For 2016, she seeks to achieve a podium at Rio Olympics games.
Career.
At the 2013 FINA Swimming World Cup series, she brought 3 silver medals in Butterfly. At Eindhoven in Nederland she took the 2° place in 100m Butterfly and at Berlin in Germany, she had tow 2° places in 50m and 100m Butterfly.
At the 2013 FINA World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona in Spain, she finished 5° with a Canadian record in 100m Butterfly. She ended the year with a fifth mondial position in this race.
At the 2013 World Summer Universiade, at Kazan in Russia, Savard broke the record in the 100m Butterfly, while also acquiring a medal in the 50m Butterfly at the games.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics at London in United Kingdoms, she finished 17th overall by only 2 hundredths of a second in the heats in the Women's 100m Butterfly. However, she still advanced to the semifinals, since Inge Dekker withdrew. She later failed to advance to the final finishing 8th in her heat and a 16th final placement.
She also participated in the 2012 Mare Nostrum where she won six medals. At Barcelona in Spain she won gold in the 100m and 200m Butterfly and silver in the 50m Butterfly. At Canet in France, she won silver in the 100m butterfly and at Monte Carlo in Monaco she won gold in the 100m and bronze in the 200m Butterfly. She completed the circuit as the third best swimmer.

</doc>
<doc id="36566730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566730" title="Amit Ivry">
Amit Ivry

Amit Ivry (; born September 2, 1989, in Eilat, Israel) is an Israeli Olympic swimmer, Maccabiah Games champion, and national record holder. She competes in the butterfly, backstroke, breaststroke, and medley.
Ivry won a gold medal at the 2009 Maccabiah Games in the Women's 100 m butterfly, and a bronze medal at the 2013 Maccabiah Games in the Women's 100 m freestyle. In 2012, she won a bronze medal in the 100 m butterfly at the long-course European Swimming Championships.
She holds the Maccabiah Games and Israeli records in the Women's 100 m butterfly. She also holds the Israeli national records in the Women's 50 m backstroke, 50 m breaststroke, 100 m breaststroke, 200 m Individual Medley, and 4×100 m medley relay.
Swimming career.
Early years; Maccabiah gold medal.
Ivry won a gold medal in the 2009 Maccabiah Games in the Women's 100 m butterfly, with a time of 58.50. One month later, in August 2009, she and three teammates set a new Israeli record in the 4x100 Medley relay, breaking the old record by five seconds, with a time of 4:09.49 minutes.
In December 2010, she set the Israeli national record in the Women's 100 m butterfly, with a time of 57.14. In February 2011, she and her teammates at Hapoel Emek Hefer set an Israeli record in the 4x50 meter medley, with a time of 1:57.80 minutes, at the Israel Short Course Championships at Ashdot Yaakov.
2012; Olympics.
In 2012, she won a bronze medal in the 100-meter butterfly at the long-course European Swimming Championships in Hungary, with a time of at 58.64 seconds, and became the first Israeli women to place and win a medal for Israel at the championships.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she finished 18th overall in the heats in the Women's 100 metre butterfly. In the 200 metre individual medley, Ivry placed 13th in the heats and reached the semi-final, becoming the first Israeli female swimmer to compete in an Olympic semi-final, with a new Israeli record time of 2:13.29 minutes.
2013; World Cup medals, and controversy.
In July 2013, in the women's 50-meter sprint breaststroke Ivry won a bronze medal with a 31.95, matching the Israeli national record. Later that month, she won a bronze medal at the 2013 Maccabiah Games in the Women's 100 m freestyle, with a time of 57.19. That same month, at the world swimming championships in Barcelona, she set a new Israeli record in the 100 m breaststroke, swimming the distance in a time of 1:08.52, besting the previous record of Yuliya Banach by 41 hundredths of a second.
In August 2013, she set Israeli women's records in the 50 m backstroke, with a time of 28.51, and in the 50 m breaststroke, with a time of 31.66, at the Israeli Summer Nationals.
In October 2013, Ivry won a bronze medal in the 2013 FINA Swimming World Cup event in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, setting a new national record in the 100 m breaststroke final.
Later that month, she finished 2nd and won a silver medal in women's 100 meter mixed individual medley in the FINA Swimming World Cup in swimming in Doha, Qatar, breaking the Israeli national record at 58.43 seconds at the Hamad Aquatic Center. The Quatari hosts refused to broadcast the Israeli flag, and a [blank white square, rather than the Israeli flag, appeared next to her name on the TV screens airing the event. The Israeli flag was also removed from outside the aquatic center at the FINA event.
The FINA Code of Ethics states that Fédération Internationale de Natation tournaments must have: "no discrimination on the basis of ... race, religion, or political opinion". The incidents raised questions about whether Qatar should still host the 2014 World Short-Course Championships.
FINA gave a warning to the organisers in Qatar and the United Arab Emirates of the two FINA Swimming World Cup meets. FINA told them that the FINA rules must be equally applied by all FINA National Federations, and said in a press release that FINA guaranteed that all steps would be taken in the future to ensure that such acts would not happen again.
Certain countries in the Middle East have for many years snubbed Israeli athletes, sometimes having their athletes disqualify themselves from competition rather than compete against an Israeli athlete. For example, at the 2004 Summer Olympics Iran's judo competitor Arash Miresmaeli refused to compete against Israel's Ehud Vaks (Iran later awarded Miresmaeli the same $120,000 it gave its gold-medal winners, for a "great act of self-sacrifice"), at the 2008 Summer Olympics Iran's Mohammed Alirezaei refused to compete against Israeli national champion swimmer Tom Be’eri, in 2009 Dubai refused Israeli tennis player Shahar Peer a visa to compete in a Dubai tennis championship (tour officials fined organizers $300,000, and threatened sanctions for repeat behavior), at the 2010 Olympic Youth Games, in taekwondo Israeli Youth Olympic champion Gili Haimovitz won when Mohammed Soleimani of Iran failed to face him (claiming injury), and in 2012 Algerian kayaker Nasreddine Baghdadi withdrew from a World Cup event rather than compete against Israeli Olympian Roei Yellin.
In swimming, in addition, at times such countries have referred to Israeli swimmers in announcements as being nationless, or referred to them as being from "I-S-R", rather than Israel.
Personal life.
Ivry's great-grandmother, Miriam Roth, authored a number of classic children's books known by Israelis, including "Hot Corn," "Yael's Home," and "Story of Five Balloons." Ivry's love is cooking, and she hopes to be a chef.
Her coach was Assaf Meimon from the age of 12 to 21, when she switched to Leonid Kaufman.

</doc>
<doc id="36566733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566733" title="Hysen Pulaku">
Hysen Pulaku

Hysen Pulaku (born 8 December 1992) is an Albanian weightlifter. On July 23, 2012 Pulaku tested positive for stanozolol, a banned anabolic steroid. On July 28, the International Olympic Committee formally ejected Pulaku from the 2012 Summer Olympic Games in London where he was scheduled to compete in the men's 77kg division.

</doc>
<doc id="36566735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566735" title="Kimberly Buys">
Kimberly Buys

Kimberly Buys (born April 23, 1989) is a Belgian swimmer who competes in the Women's 100 metre butterfly. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished joint 19th overall in the heats in the Women's 100 metre butterfly and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566736" title="Alexandra Wenk">
Alexandra Wenk

Alexandra Wenk is a German swimmer who competes in the Women's 100 metre butterfly. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 21st overall in the heats in the Women's 100 metre butterfly and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566738" title="Natsumi Hoshi">
Natsumi Hoshi

Natsumi Hoshi (born August 21, 1990 in Saitama, Saitama, Japan) is a Japanese swimmer who competes in the Women's 100 metre butterfly. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 23rd overall in the heats in the Women's 100 metre butterfly and failed to reach the final. In the 200 metre butterfly she won her first Olympic medal, taking bronze. Hoshi studied sports science at Waseda University in Tokyo and enjoys shopping in her spare time.

</doc>
<doc id="36566740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566740" title="Paula Wrońska">
Paula Wrońska

Paula Wrońska (born 1 December 1991) is a Polish sports shooter. She competed in the Women's 10 metre air rifle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36566742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566742" title="Danielle Villars">
Danielle Villars

Danielle Villars (born March 6, 1993 in Zurich) is a Swiss swimmer, who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events. She has won multiple Swiss titles and currently holds four national records in both freestyle and butterfly (100 and 200 m). Villars is a resident athlete for the Limmat Sharks, and is coached and trained by Dirk Reinicke.
Villars made her international debut at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics in Singapore, where she rounded out the finale to eighth place in the 100 (57.72) and 200 m freestyle (2:04.89).
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Villars maintained her program by qualifying for two swimming events. She posted FINA B-standard entry times of 59.57 (100 m butterfly) from the European Championships in Debrecen, Hungary, and 2:01.47 (200 m freestyle) from the Olympic trials in Zurich. In the 100 m butterfly, Villars broke her own Swiss record of 59.42 to share a top seed in the second heat and a twenty-sixth-place tie with Spain's Judit Ignacio Sorribes on the first day of the Games. In the 200 m freestyle, Villars raced to second place on the first heat by 1.06 seconds behind Thailand's Natthanan Junkrajang, outside her personal best of 2:03.55. Villars failed to advance into the semifinals, as she placed thirty-first overall in the preliminaries.
Shortly after her first Olympics, Villars attended Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas, where she is currently a freshman major in biology, and trains as a varsity swimmer for the SMU Mustangs. 

</doc>
<doc id="36566745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566745" title="Judit Ignacio Sorribes">
Judit Ignacio Sorribes

Judit Ignacio Sorribes (born 18 March 1994, Barcelona, Spain) is a Spanish swimmer who competes in the women's 100-metre butterfly. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she finished tied for 26th overall in the heats in the women's 100-metre butterfly and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566749" title="Denisa Smolenová">
Denisa Smolenová

Denisa Smolenová (born 14 February 1989 in Bratislava) is a Slovak swimmer who competes in the women's 100 metre butterfly. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 28th overall in the heats in the women's 100 metre butterfly and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566754" title="Juan Carlos Bado">
Juan Carlos Bado

Juan Carlos Bado (born Montevideo, 29 December 1973) is a Uruguayan rugby union player. He plays as a lock.
Bado moved to France where he represented Union Bordeaux Bègles, in 2002/03, Stade Français, from 2003/04 to 2004/05, winning the Pro D2 in 2004/05, US Montauban, from 2005/06 to 2006/07, and where he plays for Oyonnax Rugby since 2007/08.
A emblematic player for Uruguay, Bado has 53 caps, with 2 tries scored, 10 points in aggregate, since his first match, a 67-3 win over Paraguay, in 2 October 1993, in Asunción, for the 1995 Rugby World Cup qualifyings, aged 19 years old. Bado played all the three matches at the 1999 Rugby World Cup and all the four matches at the 2003 World Cup for Uruguay, remaining scoreless.
After a three years absence, he returned to the National Team for the 2007 Rugby World Cup qualifyings, being sent-off in the 18-12 win over Portugal, at 24 March 2007, in Montevideo, who still wasn't enough to secure the qualification to the finals. Once again, he would be called for the 2011 Rugby World Cup qualifyings, playing in the 44-7 win over Kazakhstan at 17 July 2010, in Montevideo, aged 36 years old. He hasn't been called since then.

</doc>
<doc id="36566755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566755" title="Sarah Bateman">
Sarah Bateman

Sarah Blake Bateman (born June 15, 1990) is an American-born competition swimmer who has represented Iceland in international events. She was born and raised in the United States, but has dual citizenship from her Icelandic maternal grandmother Johanna Hjaltalin.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 32nd overall in the preliminary heats in the 100-meter butterfly. In the 50-meter freestyle heats, she tied for 16th with two other swimmers and took part in a qualification swim-off, but did not advance.

</doc>
<doc id="36566758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566758" title="Liliána Szilágyi">
Liliána Szilágyi

Liliána Szilágyi (born November 19, 1996 in Budapest) is a Hungarian swimmer, who specialized in the butterfly events. She collected two medals (gold and silver) in the 100 and 200 m butterfly at the 2012 European Junior Swimming Championships in Antwerp, Belgium. Szilagyi is a member of Kőbánya Swimming Club in Budapest, and is coached and trained by Gyorgyi Turi. She is also the daughter of three-time Olympian and former freestyle swimmer Zoltán Szilágyi (1988, 1992, and 2000).
Szilagyi qualified for the women's 100 m butterfly at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, by eclipsing a FINA B-standard entry time of 59.07 from the European Championships in Debrecen. She challenged seven other swimmers on the third heat, including three-time Olympians Hannah Wilson of Hong Kong and former Olympic champion Otylia Jędrzejczak of Poland. She touched out Portugal's Sara Oliveira to clinch a sixth spot by a tenth of a second (0.10) in 1:00.34. Szilagyi failed to advance into the semifinals, as she placed thirty-fourth overall on the first day of preliminary heats.

</doc>
<doc id="36566759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566759" title="Sara Oliveira">
Sara Oliveira

Sara Oliveira is an Olympic swimmer from Portugal. She has swam for Portugal at 2008 and 2012 Olympics, as well as at multiple World Championships (2003, 2007, 2011) and Short Course Worlds (2010, 2012).
At the 2012 Olympics she swam the Women's 100 and 200 Butterfly. At those Games, she finished 36th overall in the heats in the 100 fly and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566764" title="Elania Nardelli">
Elania Nardelli

Elania Nardelli (born 7 July 1987) is an Italian sports shooter. She competed in the Women's 10 metre air rifle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36566767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566767" title="Valeriano Lunense">
Valeriano Lunense

Valeriano Lunense is a village (frazione) of about 500 inhabitants in the comune of Vezzano Ligure in the province of La Spezia, Italy.
The town is a medieval village, overlooking the Gulf of the Poets and the Plain of Slim, and is visible from the castles of the Lunigiana.
Monuments and places of interest.
The planning of the village once again, at least in the most important elements, concerns the patterns found in Trebiano and especially Castelnuovo Magra, which predominate in sets of houses and streets with a straight line along the ridge of hills, from which stand the volume of the church and bell tower.
At the top of the village stand the ruins of an ancient castle, near rounded knolls, that recall the castles of the Ligurians, a people of shepherds and farmers jealous of their independence.
Parts of the castle are much older than the medieval period. According to historian Livy, 40,000 inhabitants of the Ligurian Apuan, and other 7,000 people in the Val di Magra and Vara, the Sannio, were the victims of the first deportation of history, by the consuls Cornelius Cethegus and Mario Bebio.
After the deportation, high-wealth families in Rome established their houses and properties along the coast of Luni, on Cordonata Caprione, and in the hills by Arcola Vezzano and Valerian, as recalled by Persio in his " Satire".
The town's name derives from "fundus Valerii" or "Fundum Valerianum", from one of these families who had possession of the hill for nearly a thousand years.
There are no documents in order to date the Romanization of Valerian. However, the "Tabula Alimentaria", as emperor Trajan to Velleia, found two centuries ago and kept in the Museum National Parma, among many Velleia funds to contribute to the maintenance of poor children, many bearing the name of Valerian and their owners such as Publius Valerius Ligurino.
A document from the June 10, 1033, the time of Conrad the Salic Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire, states that the family of the Marquis Adalberto Olbertenghi, race Lombard, makes donation to the monastery founded in Castiglione a portion of its assets and the "tenth" of its property located in the County of Valerian Luni.
Then Valerian was a stronghold of Malaspina and the bishops of Luni as reflected by the "decision" agreed the May 12, 1202 between the Bishop of Luni Gualtiero Marchesi and Albert William and Conrad Malaspina, which shall establish the terms of their domains, and the decree of May 31 published in 1202 1717 by the Masons in "Antiquities Este" at Modena.
The February 16, 1224 Valerian and Follo were made "in fellowship" from the Republic of Genoa. The two countries had to help and defend each other.
In the next hundred years, the country was subjected for some time to Podesta Carpena with Follo, Bastremoli and Tivegna, managing to preserve its rights and territory.
The April 19, 1585 The Senate of the Republic of Genoa to Valeriano acknowledges the status of free town with its own statutes and rulers, who maintained even under foreign domination, both Austrian and French, until the nineteenth century which was absorbed in the administrative district of Vezzano Ligure.
On the night of January 26, 1945 the country and the third largest partisan "Amelio" shed their toll at the end of a raid which began on 20 with the main goal of the partisans and American paratroopers Gordon Lett, featured the 35° Black Brigade "Tullio Bertoni", the divisions Monterosa and Italy, together with Germanic troops.
Religious Architecture.
Dedicated to San Apollinare, the church was blessed on July 23, 1703 and has a baptismal font in white marble cherubs, stucco altars and twisted columns in porphyry. It is enriched with a body of the manufacturer Serassi, assembled "in loco" in 1876 by Ferdinand (1858–1894), the last manufacturer of the family, and placed in the choir loft above the front door of the church.
The church is listed among the chapels dependent on the Church of San Prospero (Vezzano Ligure), in the tenth triennial decreed by Pope Boniface VIII for the 1295–98, 1298–1301 and 1301−04 sign that the church already enjoyed a certain autonomy, acting as a parish to the village.
The building is not listed in the medieval's age Estimi of Diocese of Luni of 1470−71, nor has survived the minutes of the pastoral visit made by the delegates of the Cardinal Benedict Lomellini in 1568.
In time, it was enlarged and embellished several times, and by the local confraternity of the Rosary and the SS. Sacramento two side altars were erected.
The organ.
The organ has 21 pipes, 61-key keyboard with pedals pedals lectern 18. Requires restoration, and is size comparable to those of organs of churches much more important.
The company realized in the province of La Spezia Serassi organs still functioning to: Church of Santo Stefano (Marinasco) (1822), SS. John and Augustine (SP, 1823), the Church of San Martino (Bastremoli, 1832), Vezzano High (1832), Sanctuary of Our Lady of Mirteto (Ortonovo, 1834) and Church of San Lorenzo (1884), Church of Santa Maria Assunta Bolano, (1820), Cathedral of Santa Maria Assunta (Sarzana) (1842) and the Church of Our Lady of Mount Carmel.
The organ has a prospectus single-span wooden box and composite style, painted in gold. The front pipes are arranged in a pyramid aligned with mouths and lips over miter.
The cane plant is the main register C1 8 ° down, 61-key keyboard with a range of C1-DO6 and chromatic octave, 16-note pedalboard lectern C1-D # 2, soundboard master wind.
The organ is provided with two bellows positioned inside the enclosure, one lantern 125×225 cm, and a compensator wedge 80×210 cm.
Accessories over the second foot (above the main one): expression, tremolo, bass bassoon, clarinet, trumpet, banda, third hand, the tremolo pedal combination preparabile, tirapieno.
Registers n.32, arranged in two rows of 16 in the following order: bells of the keyboard, the main 16 low drone, the main 16 sopranos, English horn, principal 8 bassi, bassoon bass, Top 8 sopranos, trumpet 16 sopranos, octave bass, bass clarinet, eighth sopranos, trumpet, soprano, decimaquinta, clarinet, decimanona, cello, bass, fifteenth day, oboe, fifteenth day, Flautino sopranos, four stuffed, purple low, two filling Flautino low, two filling purple leg low harmonics, octave s., bombards, the human voice, trombones.
Military architecture.
About 2 km away from the fort of Monte Albano, built in 1887 as a defense against the land front, and then used in first and World War II with a budget up to 38 guns, 120mm, as part of the network of stations in defense of the Gulf of the Poets.
Infrastructure and transport.
The village is reached by two roads:
Leaving the highway to La Spezia, at the mouth of a junction that rises up to meet up with the aforesaid road to Monte Albano, in the hills near the location of the headquarters of the University Centre. On the one hand, continue to Sarbia and Monte Albano, while in the opposite direction down towards the center of La Spezia.
The village is also accessible from Plan Follo, via a scenic route, in some parts unpaved, which crosses the hills and fields, and is mainly used for walking and sports activities.

</doc>
<doc id="36566772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566772" title="Impire">
Impire

Impire is a three-dimensional single-player and co-operative real-time strategy video game developed by Cyanide Studios and published by Paradox Interactive, and released for the PC on February 14, 2013.
Gameplay.
Initial press reactions to "Impire" drew comparisons with Bullfrog Productions's "Dungeon Keeper", a real-time strategy game released in 1997 that received widespread critical acclaim. Alongside "Dungeon Keeper", "Impire" similarly grants the player command over a subterranean empire, with the ability to construct buildings, recruit monsters, and engage minions in combat.
Setting.
Within the fictional universe of "Impire", the player assumes the persona of Baʿal-Abaddon, a primordial evil summoned from Tartarus and imprisoned in the physical form of a demonic imp, initially forced to serve the incompetent sorcerer Oscar van Fairweather. During the course of "Impire", Baal-Abaddon escapes van Fairweather's control and attempts to reconstruct his ancient, nefarious empire under the continent of Ardania.
Development.
Shortly after announcing the project on 26 July 2012, Yves Bordeleau, the Studio Director of Cyanide Montreal indicated that "Impire" was in 'pre-pre-alpha' during his presentation to GameSpot staff. Throughout Bordeleau's demonstration, he frequently referenced the 'scenarios' in the single-player and co-operative campaign setting of "Impire", suggesting that the structure of the game is predominantly mission-based.
Reception.
Impire holds a score of 45 on Metacritic ("generally unfavorable reviews"). Only one out of 28 examined reviews was favorable.

</doc>
<doc id="36566773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566773" title="Justine Bruno">
Justine Bruno

Justine Bruno is a French swimmer who competes in the Women's 100 metre butterfly. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 38th overall in the heats in the Women's 100 metre butterfly and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566774" title="Dalia Tórrez Zamora">
Dalia Tórrez Zamora

Dalia Tórrez Zamora (Managua, born 29 March 1990) is a Nicaraguan swimmer who competes in the Women's 100 metre butterfly. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 39th overall in the heats in the Women's 100 metre butterfly and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566775" title="Dorian Mcmenemy">
Dorian Mcmenemy

Dorian McMenemy (born October 18, 1996) is a Dominican swimmer who competes in the Women's 100 meter butterfly. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 41st overall in the heats in the Women's 100 metre butterfly and failed to reach the final. Dorian lives in the United States of America with her 3 sisters, mother, and father. Her mother, Luisa, is from the Dominican Republic; Dorian has dual citizenship with the US. She was the only female swimmer on the Dominican team and was recently named the Dominican Female Athlete of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="36566777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566777" title="Gunnar Martinsson">
Gunnar Martinsson

Gunnar Martinsson was a Swedish footballer who played as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36566784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566784" title="Anis Ahmed">
Anis Ahmed

Muhammad Anis Ahmed (born 10 December 1973 in Gojra) is a field hockey player and former member of the Pakistan National Hockey Team. With the national team he participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 1998 Asian Games, where the team won bronze medals. He played 87 matches for Pakistan and scored 24 goals in his career.

</doc>
<doc id="36566785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566785" title="Mahlagha Jambozorg">
Mahlagha Jambozorg

Mahlagha Jambozorg (, born 15 August 1991 in Hamedan) is an Iranian sports shooter. She competed in the Women's 10 metre air rifle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36566787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566787" title="Marie Meza">
Marie Meza

Marie Meza is a Costa Rican swimmer who competes in the Women's 100 metre butterfly. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 42nd (last) overall in the heats in the Women's 100 metre butterfly and failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566788" title="Steve Jones (footballer born 1957)">
Steve Jones (footballer born 1957)

Stephen Russell Jones (born 25 July 1957 in Eastbourne, Sussex) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a right back. He was transferred from Queens Park Rangers F.C. to Walsall F.C. for £30,000 in January 1980 and was later sold to Wimbledon F.C. in June 1980. Whilst at Wimbledon he sustained a serious knee injury during a Football League Division Three match versus Plymouth Argyle F.C. in 1982 and was forced to retire prematurely from the game aged 26.

</doc>
<doc id="36566795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566795" title="Martina Granström">
Martina Granström

Anna Martina Granström (born August 5, 1991 in Uppsala, Sweden) is a Swedish swimmer who competes in the Women's butterfly. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 14th overall in the heats in the Women's 100 metre butterfly and qualified for the semifinal. She also competed in the Women's 200 metre butterfly.

</doc>
<doc id="36566799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566799" title="Anzela Voronova">
Anzela Voronova

Anzela Voronova (born 4 October 1968) is an Estonian sports shooter. She competed in the Women's 10 metre air rifle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36566800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566800" title="Kristel Vourna">
Kristel Vourna

Kristel Vourna is a Greek swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London she competed in the Women's 100 metre butterfly. She took the 12th place overall, finishing 7th in the second semifinal in the Women's 100 metre butterfly with a Greek record of 58.31 seconds. She also swam the anchor leg of Greece's 4x100 freestyle heat, but the team failed to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36566804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566804" title="Pietà (film)">
Pietà (film)

Pietà () is a 2012 South Korean film. The 18th feature written and directed by Kim Ki-duk, it depicts the mysterious relationship between a brutal man who works for loan sharks and a middle-aged woman who claims that she is his mother, mixing Christian symbolism and highly sexual content.
It made its world premiere in the competition line-up of the 69th Venice International Film Festival, where it won the Golden Lion. It is the first Korean film to win the top prize at one of the three major international film festivals — Venice, Cannes and Berlin.
The title refers to the Italian "Pietà" (piety/pity), signifying depictions of the Virgin Mary cradling the corpse of Jesus.
Plot.
Kang-do is a heartless man who has no living family members and whose job is to threaten debtors to repay his clients, the loan sharks who demand a 10x return on a one month loan. To recover the interest, the debtors would sign an insurance for handicap, and Kang-do would injure the debtors brutally to file the claim. One day he receives a visit from a strange, middle-aged woman claiming she is his long-lost mother. Over the following weeks, the woman stubbornly follows him and he continues to do his job. But he is slowly moved and changed by the motherly love expressed from this woman.
Release.
"Pietà" premiered in competition at the Venice Film Festival on September 4, 2012. It received theatrical release in South Korea on September 6, 2012.
The film has been sold to 20 countries for international distribution, including Italy, Germany, Russia, Norway, Turkey, Hong Kong, and Greece. Independent distributor, Drafthouse Films is doing a theatrical release in North America.
It was Korea's Foreign Language Film submission to the 85th Academy Awards, but it did not make the final shortlist.
Sexual violence.
The film's depiction of the violence and sexuality between Kang-do and the woman who claims to be his long-lost mother have provoked intense reactions and is debated by critics. Some of the most controversial scenes in the film includes when Kang-do feeds the woman a piece of his own flesh from his thigh, and a scene when he shoves his hand into the woman's private area, molesting her, and asking her "I came out of here? Can I go back in?". There is another subsequent scene when she gives Kang-do a handjob.
Reception.
The film won the Golden Lion prize at the 69th Venice International Film Festival. At its Venice press screening, it reportedly "elicited extremely mixed reactions". Hollywood director Michael Mann, who presided over the jury, said the film stood out because it "seduced you viscerally."
Deborah Young of "The Hollywood Reporter" described it as "an intense and, for the first hour, sickeningly violent film that unexpectedly segues into a moving psychological study." Young gave high praises to the film's acting performances, however states "it’s not an exaggeration to say there’s not a single pleasant moment in the film’s first half" and "Viewers will keep their eyes closed" for the majority of the film. Young further praised the visual style of the film with "Kim gives scenes a dark, hand-held look in which the frame edge disappears into black shadows. It’s not a particularly attractive style but does reflect the ugliness of its subject."
Leslie Felperin of "Variety" describes it as the director's "most commercial pic in years" though it nonetheless features the director's usual trademarks of "brutal violence, rape, animal slaughter and the ingestion of disgusting objects." Felperin further states the film is a "blend of cruelty, wit and moral complexity."
Dan Fainaru of "Screen International" states "Starting with a grisly suicide and ending with a burial, this isn’t an easy or pleasant film to watch."
Oliver Lyttelton of "IndieWire" praised the two lead actor's performances and their on-screen chemistry as mother and son: "there’s a real tenderness to the two performances, particularly that of Lee, who reverts from a strong-and-silent brute to easing into the childhood that he never got to live. And the disturbing, vaguely Oedipal relationship at the core is a fascinating one..." However Lyttelton gave the film a C+, and criticizes "It's a shame then, that in the second half of the film, the interestingly twisted mother-son relationship shifts gears and becomes something closer to the kind of revenge movie that Korean cinema has become known for. It's not quite a full-on genre exercise, but it’s probably the closest to such a thing that Kim's ever made, and while he has his own twists to provide, it's still a disappointingly conventional turn for the film to take."
Awards.
2012 69th Venice International Film Festival
2012 32nd Korean Association of Film Critics Awards
2012 49th Grand Bell Awards
2012 Korean Popular Culture and Art Awards 
2012 6th Asia Pacific Screen Awards
2012 33rd Blue Dragon Film Awards 
2012 2nd Shin Young-kyun Arts and Culture Foundation's Beautiful Artist Awards
2012 Korean Art Critics' Conference 
2012 Women in Film Korea Awards 
2012 Satellite Awards
2012 9th Dubai International Film Festival 
2012 Korea Film Actor's Association 
2013 4th KOFRA Film Awards (Korea Film Reporters Association) 
2013 23rd Fantasporto Director's Week 
2013 7th Asian Film Awards 

</doc>
<doc id="36566819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566819" title="Nourhan Amer">
Nourhan Amer

Nourhan Amer (born 10 May 1993) is an Egyptian sports shooter. She competed in the Women's 10 metre air rifle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36566838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566838" title="Petya Lukanova">
Petya Lukanova

Petya Lukanova (born 20 July 1969) is a Bulgarian sports shooter. She competed in the Women's 10 metre air rifle and Women's 50 metre rifle three positions events at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36566841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566841" title="Ove Karlsson (footballer)">
Ove Karlsson (footballer)

Ove Karlsson (2 August 1915 – 23 May 1982) was a Swedish footballer who played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36566843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566843" title="Pavlo Ishchenko">
Pavlo Ishchenko

Pavlo Ishchenko (born April 30, 1992 in Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky, Russian Federation) is a Ukrainian boxer who competes as a bantamweight. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he was defeated in the heats of the Men's bantamweight by Joseph Diaz, 9-19.

</doc>
<doc id="36566848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566848" title="Ellendale Opera House Block">
Ellendale Opera House Block

The Ellendale Opera House Block on Main St. in Ellendale, North Dakota was built in 1908. It was designed by George Issenhuth with some elements of Chicago School architecture.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
It is significant architecturally with its community, whose older architecture has been diminished by fires.

</doc>
<doc id="36566858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566858" title="Alberto Melián">
Alberto Melián

Alberto Ezequiel Melián is an Argentinian boxer who competes as a bantamweight. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he was defeated in the heats of the Men's bantamweight by Sergey Vodopyanov, 5-12.

</doc>
<doc id="36566859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566859" title="German submarine U-239">
German submarine U-239

German submarine "U-239" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
The submarine was laid down on 14 May 1942 at the "Friedrich Krupp Germaniawerft" yard at Kiel as 'werk' 669, launched on 28 January 1943 and commissioned on 13 March under the command of "Leutnant zur See" Ulrich Vöge.
After training with the 5th U-boat Flotilla at Kiel, she went to the 22nd flotilla as a 'school' boat and then back to the 5th flotilla.
She was damaged in Kiel by British bombs in July 1944 and broken up in the same year.
Fate.
She was damaged in a British air raid at the "Germania Werke" in Kiel on 24 July 1944 which also killed one crewman, she was then broken up later that same year.

</doc>
<doc id="36566860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566860" title="Melissa Mikec">
Melissa Mikec

Melissa Mikec (born 3 August 1987) is a Salvadoran sports shooter. She competed in the Women's 10 metre air rifle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36566865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566865" title="Orzubek Shayimov">
Orzubek Shayimov

Orzubek Shayimov is an Uzbekistani boxer who competes as a bantamweight. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he was defeated in the heats of the Men's bantamweight by Robenílson Vieira.

</doc>
<doc id="36566869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566869" title="Znen C Artemis">
Znen C Artemis

The Znen C Artemis is a 4-stroke twist and go scooter from Znen, which comes in either 50cc (model number ZN50QT-E), 125cc (model number ZN125T-E) or 150cc models (model numebr ZN150T-E). This Scooter is made by Znen in China and is shipped abroad where it is rebadged in various countries. The design is very similar to the much older Honda Joker.

</doc>
<doc id="36566893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566893" title="Marceau Stricanne">
Marceau Stricanne

Marceau Stricanne (1 January 1920 – 25 July 2012) was a French footballer who played for Le Havre AC, EF Lens-Artois, CO Roubaix-Tourcoing and Stade Français Paris. He also made one appearance for the French national football team during a match against Austria in 1951 as a substitute in place of Thadée Cisowski.

</doc>
<doc id="36566894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566894" title="Yu Ishizu">
Yu Ishizu

Yu Ishizu (born 8 April 1987, in Hiroshima, Japan) is a Japanese archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed for his country in the Men's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566895" title="Hideki Kikuchi">
Hideki Kikuchi

Hideki Kikuchi (born 27 January 1986, in Hiroshima, Japan) is a Japanese archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed for his country in the Men's team event obtaining the 6th place in Team competition and 66th place in Individual competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36566896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566896" title="Kim Bub-min">
Kim Bub-min

Kim Bub-Min (; born 22 May 1991) is a South Korean archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for his country, alongside partners Im Dong-Hyun and Oh Jin-Hyek in the Men's team event, finishing in third place.

</doc>
<doc id="36566898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566898" title="Oh Jin-hyek">
Oh Jin-hyek

Oh Jin-Hyek (; born 15 August 1981) is a South Korean archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he won the gold medal in the Men's individual event and competed for his country, alongside partners Im Dong-Hyun and Kim Bub-Min in the Men's team event, finishing in third place. He became the first Korean male archer to win an Olympic individual Gold medal. As of June 2013, he was the world number one ranked archer.
Archery World Cup details.
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009

</doc>
<doc id="36566899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566899" title="Jennifer McIntosh">
Jennifer McIntosh

Jennifer McIntosh (born 17 June 1991) is a British sports shooter.
Careers.
McIntosh won two golds and a bronze in the 2010 Commonwealth Games. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the 10 metre air rifle and 50 metre three positions events.

</doc>
<doc id="36566901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566901" title="Thomas Faucheron">
Thomas Faucheron

Thomas Faucheron (born 23 February 1990, in Rennes, France) is a French archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed for his country in the Men's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566903" title="Gaël Prévost">
Gaël Prévost

Gaël Prevost (born March 8, 1994 in Clermont-Ferrand) is a French archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed for his country in the men's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566905" title="Dai Xiaoxiang">
Dai Xiaoxiang

Dai Xiaoxiang (; 15 December 1990) is a Chinese archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he won the bronze medal for his country in the Men's individual event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566906" title="Liu Zhaowu">
Liu Zhaowu

Liu Zhaowu (born 12 October 1988, in Fujian, China) is a Chinese archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed for his country in the Men's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566907" title="Xing Yu (archer)">
Xing Yu (archer)

Xing Yu (born 12 March 1991, in Beijing, China) is a Chinese archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed for his country in the Men's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566908" title="Lizanne Murphy">
Lizanne Murphy

Lizanne Murphy (born 15 March 1984) is a Canadian professional basketball player. She plays for Canada women's national basketball team. She competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36566913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566913" title="Jacob Wukie">
Jacob Wukie

Jacob Wukie (born May 11, 1986, in Massillon, Ohio) is an American archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed for his country in the Men's team event. He won a silver Olympic medal along with his teammates Brady Ellison and Jake Kaminski. Wukie attended James Madison University in Harrisonburg, Virginia.
Wukie, a devout Christian, is one of four children of John and Patty Wukie. He married Brianne Pinkerton on December 1, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36566914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566914" title="Jake Kaminski">
Jake Kaminski

Jake Kaminski (born August 11, 1988, in Buffalo, New York) is an American archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed for his country in the Men's team event and won a Silver Olympic medal along with his teammates Brady Ellison and Jacob Wukie.

</doc>
<doc id="36566921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566921" title="Haziq Kamaruddin">
Haziq Kamaruddin

Haziq Kamaruddin (born 4 July 1993, in Johor) is a Malaysian archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed for his country in the Men's team event.currently study in university malaya .

</doc>
<doc id="36566925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566925" title="Khairul Anuar Mohamad">
Khairul Anuar Mohamad

Khairul Anuar Mohamad (born 22 September 1991, in Terengganu, Malaysia) is a Malaysian archer. He first started participating for the national team in 2011.
2011 FITA Archery World Cup.
Khairul participated in the 2011 FITA Archery World Cup Stage 4 in Shanghai, China in what was only his third international tournament. He became the first Malaysian to ever win a medal at an individual World Cup event when he was defeated in the finals of the men's individual recurve event by American Joe Fanchin.
2011 Asian Archery Championships.
He was part of the Malaysian contingent at the 2011 Asian Archery Championships in Tehran, Iran which came away two gold medals and two silver medals. Khairul contributed towards both gold medals. He defeated Hideki Kikuchi of Japan 6-2 in the final of the men's individual event and was part of the Malaysian team which defeated China 187-184 in the final of the men's team event.
2012 Summer Olympics.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed for his country in the Men's individual event and the Men's team event.
Khairul made it to the quarter-final stage of the individual event, where he was stopped by eventual silver-medallist Takaharu Furukawa of Japan, while the Malaysian team crashed out in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36566932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566932" title="Choi Hyeon-ju">
Choi Hyeon-ju

Choi Hyeon-ju (최현주, born August 6, 1984, in Jeonbuk) is a South Korean female archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed for her country in the Women's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566936" title="Le Chien-ying">
Le Chien-ying

Le Chien-Ying () is a Taiwanese female archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed for her country in the women's team event and women's individual event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566937" title="Accidentally in Love (album)">
Accidentally in Love (album)

Accidentally in Love () is the fifth studio album of Taiwan-born Malaysian Mandopop artist Freya Lim (). It was released on 27 April 2012 by Rock Records.
The album has two editions on its initial release: the "Arclight First Press Edition (吉光初回版)" which includes pre-order gift choices of either an essential oil set (聊愛香氛組) or a cosmetics set (彩妝知己組), and the "Eternal Hardcover Edition (永恆精裝版)" which includes an autographed CD (聊愛音樂故事 Freya's shorts 為愛朗讀) and an essential oil set (聊愛香氛組). A repackaged version of the album (療愛聊愛夏日慶功版), released on 8 June 2012, contains a VIP pass to Freya's mini-concert at music cafe Good Cho's on 30 June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36566938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566938" title="Lin Chia-en">
Lin Chia-en

Lin Chia-En (born 2 June 1993, in Hsinchu) is a Taiwanese female archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed for her country in the Women's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566939" title="Kaori Kawanaka">
Kaori Kawanaka

Kaori Kawanaka (born August 3, 1991) is a Japanese female archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed for her country in the Women's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566940" title="Ren Hayakawa">
Ren Hayakawa

Ren Hayakawa (born August 24, 1987 in Anyang, Gyeonggi, South Korea) is a Japanese female archer. She had South Korean citizenship and was an athlete in archery, where South Korea has dominated since the 1980s. After her immigration to Japan with family, she was naturalized as a Japanese citizen. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she won a bronze medal for Japan in the women's team event. She then went on to reach the last 16 of the individual event of the same Olympics, where she was eliminated by the eventual gold medalist Ki Bo-Bae.

</doc>
<doc id="36566941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566941" title="Miki Kanie">
Miki Kanie

Miki Kanie (born December 4, 1988, in Gifu) is a Japanese female archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed for her country in the women's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566942" title="Fuzigish">
Fuzigish

Fuzigish is a South African ska and punk band from Gauteng. They have been active since 1997, are noted for their high energy performances and have released four full-length albums and one compilation since their inception. Fuzigish retains a 'DIY' punk ethos, having released all their albums independently through their own record label 'Red Ambulance', as well as setting up their own touring company 'Punk Safari'.
History.
Fuzigish was officially formed in 1997 with Jay Bones ( Jean-Pierre du Preez) on guitar and vocals, Capt. Rudabar (Mike Martin) on Drums, Alistair Crouch on Guitars & Matt 'Loppy' Laubscher on bass.
During this period the band released the How Rude! E.P. containing the songs "Louise", "How Rude!", "Drivin'" & "No.17" amongst others. These early years culminated in headlining slot at Oppikoppi in 1998.
The band later disbanded for various reasons including creative differences and members travelling abroad, later reforming in 1999 with Jay Bones on guitar and vocals, Capt. Rudabar on drums, Chest Rockwell (Malcolm King) on bass & Skankin' Daddy (Ryan Tarboton) on trumpet.
In 2000 the band recorded "Skankers Union" at B-Sharp Studios with JP de Stefani, a recording partnership that has seen the release of all the Fuzigish albums.
The 2002 album "Southern Ska Stomper" saw the band exploring more varied influences and darker themes, whilst still retaining their trademark ska & punk sound. The album was recorded at B-Sharp Studios, and saw new arrivals Rob Dog on Drums and Lord Zoltan (Adriaan Van Vuuren) on organs.
At this time Fuzigish played regular shows with South African bands such as Leek & The Bouncing Uptones, Hog Hoggidy Hog, The Vendettas (later The Vendetta Cartel), Crossing Point, Sibling Rivalry, Tidal Waves, 340ml Shifty, Dunnaway, Humphry The Teacup, Ill Audio, All This For Nothing, New World Inside, The Rudimentals, Flat World Society, Neshamah, Still Thinking, Groinchurn, Scabby Annie, Ethel My Love, Miss September & The Slashdogs amongst others.
The band toured across exstensivily across South Africa & Europe in 2003. Towards the end of the year Skankin' Daddy and Lord Zoltan left the band. New addition The Rude Chef (Jevon O'Donovan) took over trumpet duties. Lee Lips (Lee Thompson) from popular Cape Town band Hog Hoggidy Hog, also filled in during this period.
After an August 2003 tour in Australia with Fat Wreck Chords band Frenzal Rhomb, Fuzigish returned to the studio to record the album "Exploited & Distorted". Drummer Rob Dog was replaced by Leander Coetzee (aka Lee). This album was also released in Japan.
2005 saw another line-up change with The Rude Chef leaving the band, and trombonist Big Willy (William Bishop) taking over brass duties.
2005–2012 was Fuzigish's most stable period and saw the release of the album "Roll With The Punches" with Ampie Omo joining the line-up between from late 2006–2010 on trumpets and percussion. The album featured guest spots from Joey Cape & Fokofpolisiekar. During this period they featured in the 2007 'Footskating 101' Film Soundtrack directed by Thomas Ferreira and Brendan Jack.
In 2011 the band released the 25 track album "Setlist" which featured two new songs, and 23 songs from all four previous albums that were played at live shows, hence the title. Also in 2011, they featured in the musical/cultural documentary Punk In Africa directed by Deon Maas and Keith Jones.
In early 2012 drummer Lee announced that he would be leaving the band along with long time band tour manager Nick Davidson due to external factors. In July 2012 Thomas Hughes took over drum duties.
Style.
Fuzigish is considered to be a punk ska band, but draws on a huge variety of influences including swing, reggae, blues, rockabilly, hardcore, country, dancehall, mowtown & soul. The band was pivotal in bringing bands such as NOFX.
Other notable international bands that Fuzigish has shared the stage with include The Violent Femmes, Q and Not U, The Selector & New Model Army.
The band has released all their albums through their own record label Red Ambulance.
Skankers Union was released in partnership with Records. The record label is now defunct, whilst [Revolution has become a successful apparel importer, manufacturer & distributor. 2012 saw the Fuzigish skate deck released under evolution's Verb, and illustrated by well known local artist Merwe.

</doc>
<doc id="36566943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566943" title="Uffington House, Chester">
Uffington House, Chester

Uffington House is located in Dee Hills Park, Chester, Cheshire, England. It was built in 1885 for Thomas Hughes, the author of "Tom Brown's School Days", and designed by Edward Ould. It is constructed in red brick with stone and terracotta dressings and a red tile roof. The house is in three storeys with cellars and an attic. Its architectural features include turrets surmounted by spires with lead finials. The house has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="36566945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566945" title="Ksenia Perova">
Ksenia Perova

Ksenia Perova (born 8 February 1989 in Lesnoy, Sverdlovsk Oblast) is a Russian female archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed for her country in the Women's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566946" title="Kristina Timofeeva">
Kristina Timofeeva

Kristina Timofeeva (born 28 August 1993, in Yakutia) is a Russian female archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed for her country in the Women's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566948" title="Inna Stepanova">
Inna Stepanova

Inna Stepanova (born April 17, 1990, in Buryatia) is a Russian female archer. She was born in Buryatia, a region of south-central Siberia. Stepanova is a student of Physical Education at Buryat State University.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed for her country in the Women's team event, reaching the semifinals in the women's team event where her team lost to Japan. She placed 17th in the ranking round of the women's individual archery competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36566950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566950" title="Rosa Peña Rocamontes">
Rosa Peña Rocamontes

Rosa del Carmen Peña Rocamontes (born 19 September 1994) is a Mexican sports shooter. She competed in the Women's 10 metre air rifle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36566952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566952" title="Niluka Karunaratne">
Niluka Karunaratne

Niluka Karunaratne (Sinhala: නිලූක කරුණාරත්න; Tamil: நிலுக கருணாரத்ன) (born 13 February 1985) is a Sri Lankan Olympic athlete. A badminton player, he was selected to captain the Sri Lankan contingent to the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Karunaratne, born in the coastal area of Galle, received his primary and secondary education in Dharmasoka College, Ambalangoda and Royal College, Colombo, where he won the Royal Crown in 2001. He currently holds a position in the banking sector as a bank employee.
, he is ranked 48th in men's singles from the Badminton World Federation. In 2012, the Sri Lankan "Daily News" called him "Sri Lanka’s undisputed badminton champion".
2012 Summer Olympics.
On 30 July 2012 Karunaratne defeated world eighth-ranked Kenichi Tago of Japan 2-0. Karunaratne defeated Tago 21-18, 21-16 in 44 minutes at the Wembley Arena in the Olympic men's badminton singles Group C at the 2012 Summer Olympics. The Associated Press quoted him as saying: "This is the biggest win in the history of Sri Lanka badminton".
India's Parupalli Kashyap sent him out of the Games, in a closely fought pre-quarter match, in which critics observed the Indian was outplayed most of the match.

</doc>
<doc id="36566954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566954" title="Fang Yuting">
Fang Yuting

Fang Yuting (; born 21 December 1989) is a Chinese female archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed for her country in the women's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566957" title="Cheng Ming">
Cheng Ming

Cheng Ming (; born February 11, 1986, in Jilin City, China) is a Chinese female archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed for her country in the Women's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566963" title="Xu Jing (archer)">
Xu Jing (archer)

Xu Jing (; born September 6, 1990 in Shandong) is a Chinese female archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed for her country in the Women's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566969" title="Maja Jager">
Maja Jager

Maja Jager (born 22 December 1991) is a Danish female archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed for her country in the Women's team event as well as the individual event. She took part in the 2013 World Archery Championships and became world champion in the women's individual recurve and won bronze in the women's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566972" title="Carina Rosenvinge Christiansen">
Carina Rosenvinge Christiansen

Carina Rosenvinge Christiansen (born 17 March 1991, in Aalborg) is a Danish female archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed for her country in the women's team event and the women's individual event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566974" title="Jessica Tomasi">
Jessica Tomasi

Jessica Tomasi is an Italian female archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed for her country in the Women's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566977" title="Tetyana Dorokhova">
Tetyana Dorokhova

Tetyana Dorokhova () is a Ukrainian female archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed for her country in the Women's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566979" title="Lidiia Sichenikova">
Lidiia Sichenikova

Lidiia Sichenikova (3 February 1993, Chernivtsi) is a Ukrainian female archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed for her country in the Women's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36566981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566981" title="Lewis and Clark Hotel">
Lewis and Clark Hotel

The Lewis and Clark Hotel in Mandan, North Dakota was built in 1918.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="36566991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566991" title="Cherish the Light Years">
Cherish the Light Years

Cherish the Light Years is the second studio album from the American band Cold Cave, released in April 2011 on Matador Records. 
The album was recorded in 2010 in New York City at Electric Lady Studios, Plantain Studios, Stratosphere Sound, and Soundtrack Studios.
Release and Reception.
"Cherish the Light Years" was released on April 5th, 2011. The album was released by Matador Records on 12" vinyl, CD, and Digital formats. 
The Catalog Number is: OLE-921-1.
iTunes features an iTunes LP digital download which features an exclusive track, lyrics, and photos. 
The album currently holds a 71 out of 100 rating on Metacritic. The score was based on reviews from 26 critics with 20 of the reviews being positive, 4 mixed, and 2 negative.
In a positive review from Pitchfork, Mark Richardson writes "Cherish has the feel of a breakthrough, and Wes Eisold comes across as an artist with a vision that will resonate with a larger audience." 
Michael Wheeler, writer for Drowned in Sound writes in a negative review, "What happened is the only thing I can think throughout the first few listens of Cold Cave’s second album, with every subsequent spin less an opportunity to further digest than an effort to double-check if things really are as palpably awful as they seemed the last listen around."
Personnel.
All songs were written by Wesley Eisold except for "Underworld USA" and "Catacombs" which were written by Eisold and Sean Martin.

</doc>
<doc id="36566994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566994" title="Feroz (actor)">
Feroz (actor)

Feroz, better known as Amitabh Bachchan ji, was an Indian film actor, who has appeared in Hindi-language films. He was regarded as the "Duplicate Amitabh Bachchan" of Hindi cinema, as he has also appeared in several films and TV ads. He worked with Dhananjay Singh in Duplicate Sholay.
Early life.
Born in Uttar Pradesh.
Film career.
He got first break in the "Ek Do Teen" (TV serial) on Star Plus. He has worked in four music videos, including Adnan Sami’s Lift Kara De and serials like MTV "Fully Faltoo" and up to 20 movies, like "Kabhi Kranti Kabhi Jung", "Heeralal Pannalal" and "Main Madhuri Dixit Banna Chahti Hoon".

</doc>
<doc id="36566997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566997" title="Road Wars (toy line)">
Road Wars (toy line)

Road Wars was a sub-line of the popular Hot Wheels toy line by Mattel, from 1993 to 1995. The line had a post-apocalyptic ""Mad Max"" setting, and consisted of Hot Wheels die-cast cars with armour plating and weaponry. The models were divided into two factions, the heroic "Crash Cavalry" and the evil "Maniax".

</doc>
<doc id="36566998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36566998" title="John Loughlan">
John Loughlan

John Loughlan (born 12 June 1943 in Coatbridge, Scotland) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a left back.

</doc>
<doc id="36567001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567001" title="James Memorial Library">
James Memorial Library

The James Memorial Library in Williston, North Dakota was built in 1911 in Beaux Arts style.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
According to its NRHP nomination, the library "is both architecturally and historically important to the
Williston community."

</doc>
<doc id="36567002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567002" title="Tip on a Dead Jockey">
Tip on a Dead Jockey

Tip on a Dead Jockey is a 1957 film drama starring Robert Taylor.
Plot.
Phyllis Tredman is shocked when husband Lloyd, a decorated Korean War pilot, sends word to her after his discharge from military service requesting a divorce.
She tracks him down in Madrid, Spain, where it turns out Lloyd is drinking and gambling heavily. He is tormented by having ordered so many Air Force pilots to their death on dangerous missions. He also is strangely attracted to Paquita, the wife of his friend and fellow pilot Jimmy Heldon.
A mysterious man named Bert Smith, aware that Lloyd is down on his luck, offers him $25,000 to do something illegal and dangerous—transport currency from Cairo to Madrid, dropping the box of cash in mid-air. Lloyd has wagered his last $1,000 on a horse race. He says if the horse wins, he won't need Smith's offer, but the race ends tragically with the jockey killed. Lloyd suspects foul play.
Jimmy takes the job after Lloyd refuses. He ends up missing and Paquita blames Lloyd, calling him a coward. It turns out to be a test run from which Jimmy returns late but safely. He intends to go through with the crime, risking everything, but Lloyd knocks him out and pilots the plane himself.
Steadying himself after first being paralyzed with fear, Lloyd's flight goes badly when a propellor is damaged. Authorities end up put on alert and Interpol agents begin tracking the plane. Lloyd tries to hide the money, only to discover narcotics are being smuggled by Bert as well.
He drops the box from the sky as planned, but notifies Interpol and gets Bert arrested at the scene of the crime. The thankful authorities elect not to punish Lloyd, who returns to Phyllis' open arms.
Production.
At one stage Orson Welles was in negotiations to direct the film.
Reception.
According to MGM records the film earned $400,000 in the US and Canada and $650,000 elsewhere resulting in a loss of $886,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36567004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567004" title="Walker Island">
Walker Island

Walker Island or Walker's Island can refer to:
In Tasmania:
In the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="36567006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567006" title="Anissa Khelfaoui">
Anissa Khelfaoui

Anissa Khelfaoui is an Algerian female fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Women's foil, defeated in the first round 4-15.

</doc>
<doc id="36567011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567011" title="Natalia Sheppard">
Natalia Sheppard

Natalia Sheppard is a British female fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Women's foil, defeated 5-15 in 2nd round.

</doc>
<doc id="36567016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567016" title="Johana Fuenmayor">
Johana Fuenmayor

Johana Fuenmayor is a Venezuelan female fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Women's foil, defeated 4-15 in the second round.
She is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="36567024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567024" title="Eman El Gammal">
Eman El Gammal

Eman El Gammal is an Egyptian female fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Women's foil, and was defeated 9-15 in the first round. The Egyptian women's team that she was part of also lost in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36567030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567030" title="Kamilla Gafurzianova">
Kamilla Gafurzianova

Kamilla Gafurzianova (born 18 May 1988 in Kazan) is a Russian female fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Women's foil, being defeated 7-15 in the third round by Arianna Errigo, the eventual silver medalist. She uses left hand. She began fencing in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36567033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567033" title="Martyna Synoradzka">
Martyna Synoradzka

Martyna Synoradzka (born January 30, 1988 in Poznań) is a Polish female fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Women's foil, defeated 8-15 in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36567036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567036" title="Walker Island (Northern Tasmania)">
Walker Island (Northern Tasmania)

Walker Island is an island off the northern coast of Tasmania, adjacent to Robbins Island.

</doc>
<doc id="36567037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567037" title="Monica Peterson">
Monica Peterson

Monica Peterson is a Canadian female fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Women's foil, defeated 10-15 in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36567040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567040" title="Anna Bentley">
Anna Bentley

Anna Bentley (born 28 January 1981) is a British female fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Women's foil, defeated 9–10 in the first round. She was part of the British team in the women's team foil event.

</doc>
<doc id="36567041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567041" title="The Cabinet of Jan Svankmajer">
The Cabinet of Jan Svankmajer

Is a 1984 surreal short stop-motion film by the Quay Brothers, an homage to the influential short film maker Jan Svankmajer.

</doc>
<doc id="36567043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567043" title="Best of Luck (2013 film)">
Best of Luck (2013 film)

Best of Luck is a Punjabi film starring Gippy Grewal, Jazzy B (in his acting debut), Binnu Dhillon, Simran Kaur Mundi (Miss India Universe 2008) and Sonam Bajwa.
Music for the film was composed by Jatinder Shah. Shooting of the film started in May 2012 in Vancouver, Canada, and the second schedule was completed in Jalandhar, Punjab in September 2012.
Music.
The soundtrack album of "Best of Luck" was released on 10 July 2013 by MovieBox in the UK and Speed Records in India.
Awards and Nominates.
2014 PTC Punjabi Film Awards
Won
PTC Punjabi Film Award for Best Duet Male - Jazzy B
PTC Punjabi Film Award for Best Cinematography - Toby Gorman
Nominated
PTC Punjabi Film Award for Best Duet Director - Manmord Sidhu
PTC Punjabi Film Award for Best Duet Female - Sonam Bajwa
PTC Punjabi Film Award for Best Popular Song of the Year - Khangya Jazzy B & Gippy Grewal

</doc>
<doc id="36567048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567048" title="Kwete">
Kwete

Also known as "Kpete", Kwete is the alcoholic beverage brewed particularly by the Lugbara people of Uganda and DR Congo. The production process involves mixing fermented sorghum, millet or maize, malt, boiled water and yeast which is locally called "Aku fi". 
In West Nile markets, this traditional beer is usually sold and consumed in a calabash (locally called "Icereke") but can also be bought in any container.
Other producers.
Kwete is also produced in Kampala and the rest of Uganda. Top quality Kwete is creamish to light brown in colour, with a thick consistent sweet-sour taste. Production involves millet grains being soaked for 24 - 48 hours. Then, they are germinated for 48 - 72 hours and sun dried for about 48 hours before souring in a container sealed at the top. Next, roasting of sourdough is done on a large rectangular metallic tray before mashing and fermentation. Finally, filtering with a special cloth is done for a smooth tasting uniform-coloured drink.
The Pojulu people of South Sudan also sell an alcohol by the same name and so do the Bukusu tribe of Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="36567055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567055" title="Nzingha Prescod">
Nzingha Prescod

Nzingha Prescod is an American female fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Women's foil, defeated 10-15 in the second round. She is a member of the Columbia University class of 2014.[http://magazine.columbia.edu/newsmakers/Summer%202012]

</doc>
<doc id="36567058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567058" title="Inna Deriglazova">
Inna Deriglazova

Inna Deriglazova (born 10 March 1990) is a Russian female fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed as part of the Russian in the Women's team foil, where she won a silver medal. In the individual event she was defeated 8–15 in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36567059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567059" title="Jan Ekström">
Jan Ekström

Jan Ekström (born 11 October 1937) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36567062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567062" title="Saskia Loretta van Erven Garcia">
Saskia Loretta van Erven Garcia

Saskia Loretta van Erven García (Rotterdam, August 29, 1987) is a Dutch-Colombian female fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Women's foil, and was defeated 9-14 in the second round.
Van Erven García studies journalism at a university in Amsterdam, while she trains fencing at SchermCentrum Amsterdam. Although she was born and raised in the Netherlands, she changed her fencing nationality to her mother's country Colombia in 2011, and represented Colombia at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Van Erven García's mother comes from Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="36567064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567064" title="Werley, Wisconsin">
Werley, Wisconsin

Werley is an unincorporated community in the town of Mount Ida, Grant County, Wisconsin, United States, at latitude 43.019 and longitude -90.765, where Star Lane feeds into County Road K, roughly five miles west-northwest of Fennimore.
There was formerly a narrow gauge railway run by the Chicago and Northwestern Railway which ran nearby.
Werley was named after local settler and legislator Gottlieb Wehrle, whose name was pronounced "Werley" by the local residents.

</doc>
<doc id="36567070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567070" title="Gordon Quan">
Gordon Quan

Gordon Quan (Traditional Chinese: 關振鵬, Simplified Chinese: 关振鹏, Pinyin: "Guān Zhènpéng", Jyutping: "Gwaan1 Zan3 Paang4") is a Chinese American immigration lawyer, and former Houston City Council member. He was the second Asian American ever elected to Houston City Council. He was the first Asian American to ever be elected to an at-large position in the Houston City Council. Quan also once served as the Houston Mayor Pro Tem.
History.
Quan was born in China, and he and his family later fled from China. Quan's father was William K.Y. Quan, a native of Guangdong province and a cofounder of the Asian American Bank of Houston. Since, at the time of Quan's birth, his father was a U.S. servicemember, Quan received U.S. citizenship by birth. Quan's younger brother is Rick Quan, a sportscaster in San Francisco. When Quan was growing up, his family was the only Asian American family on his block.
Gordon Quan founded his immigration firm, Quan, Burdette & Perez PC, in early 1980. Quan began serving as City of Houston Mayor Pro-Tem in 2002. Quan once served as a Houston City Council member. He served in the at-large Position 2. Quan's final term was scheduled to end after the November 8, 2005 city council election; as he was term-limited, he was unable to run again. As a council member, Quan urged Asian Americans to become more involved in politics. Quan had been elected president of the board of directors of the Asian Pacific American Municipal Officials organization. After Hurricane Katrina occurred in 2005, Quan's office organized relief for Asian American businesses, community groups, professional associations, and churches. In 2005 Quan's firm was one of the largest immigration law firms in the U.S. In 2007 Quan's firm and Tindall & Foster PC merged, becoming Foster Quan LLP.
As of 2009, Quan lives in an area near Memorial Park. As of 2010 he lives in the Memorial area.

</doc>
<doc id="36567071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567071" title="Astrid Guyart">
Astrid Guyart

Astrid Guyart is a French female fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Women's foil, and was defeated 10–15 in the third round.

</doc>
<doc id="36567075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567075" title="Eman Gaber">
Eman Gaber

Eman Gaber is an Egyptian female fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Women's foil, and was defeated 2-15 in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36567079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567079" title="FK Obilić Herceg Novi">
FK Obilić Herceg Novi

FK Obilić Herceg Novi is a football club from the village Zelenika, Herceg Novi, Montenegro. The youngest football club in Montenegro.
History.
The club was founded in Sretenje Lord's 2010th year, under former Obilić from Zelenika, which existed since 1924. to 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="36567080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567080" title="Isles of Wonder (album)">
Isles of Wonder (album)

Isles of Wonder is the official soundtrack album of the 2012 Summer Olympics opening ceremony. It became available as a download at midnight on 28 July 2012 and as a two-disc CD on 2 August 2012. The soundtrack is mostly pre-recorded and does not include live elements of the performance such as the drumming from Evelyn Glennie, but the two Arctic Monkeys songs are actually credited in the album sleeve as being recorded during the rehearsal at the stadium on 23 July.
Although listed as "Tubular Bells" / "In Dulci Jubilo", Mike Oldfield's track starts with the introduction piece to "Tubular Bells" in its normal arrangement, followed by a rearranged version of the same theme that during interviews Oldfield called "swingular bells". The piece that was used when the children's literature villains appeared features two arrangements of "Far Above the Clouds" (from "Tubular Bells III"), and finally there is a rendition of "In Dulci Jubilo" followed by a short coda.
The cover of the CD is a graphic representation of the 'petals' of Thomas Heatherwick's 2012 Summer Olympics and Paralympics cauldron.
Reception and reviews.
The "London Evening Standard" gave the album four stars, commenting "As both a souvenir of one of the great events of our era and a rip-roaring collection, it’s hard to fault."
Within two days of release the download album had topped the iTunes album charts in Britain, France, Belgium, The Netherlands and Spain, and reached no. 5 in the United States, as well as reaching no. 5 in the overall British official album charts.

</doc>
<doc id="36567082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567082" title="Leo Markham">
Leo Markham

Leo Sargent Markham (born 22 March 1953 in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36567083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567083" title="Nicole Ross">
Nicole Ross

Nicole Ross is an American female fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Women's foil but was defeated 8-15 in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36567086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567086" title="Lin Po Heung">
Lin Po Heung

Lin Po Heung () is a Hong Kong female fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Women's foil, defeated 10-13 in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36567090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567090" title="Shiho Nishioka">
Shiho Nishioka

Shiho Nishioka is a Japanese female fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Women's foil, defeated 8-14 in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36567092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567092" title="Małgorzata Wojtkowiak">
Małgorzata Wojtkowiak

Małgorzata Wojtkowiak (born January 30, 1982 in Poznań) is a Polish female fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Women's foil, and was defeated 8-15 in the third round by Chen Jinyan. She was also part of the Polish women's foil team that finished 5th.

</doc>
<doc id="36567096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567096" title="Chen Jinyan">
Chen Jinyan

Chen Jinyan is a Chinese female fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Women's foil, defeated 6-15 in the third round by Valentina Vezzali of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="36567098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567098" title="Danmark Church">
Danmark Church

Danmark Church () is a church located in the minor locality of Danmark in Uppsala Municipality, Sweden, some 8 kilometers southeast of Uppsala.
History.
The church is first attested in writing in 1291. In proximity to the church are several runestones, featuring Christian inscriptions and crosses. The church itself is a brick building, the oldest parts of which stem from the 1300s. By the late 1400s, the church had roughly the same appearance as today, but has since been modified and expanded, notably after being ravaged by fires caused by lightning strikes in 1699 and 1889. After the 1889 fire, the Neo-Gothic spire was added.
The church is situated near Linnaeus Hammarby and was, in 1758-1778, the parish church of Carl Linnaeus; however, Linnaeus received complaints for his tendency to leave before the service had ended. He would also on occasion send his dog, Pompe, in his place, who would also leave early.
Etymology.
The origin of the name "Danmark" is unclear, but several theories have been proposed. The explanation most commonly accepted by modern name research is that the name consists of the prefix "dan-", derived from Old Norse "dank", meaning "wet" or "boggy", and the suffix "-mark" meaning "forest" or "forest's edge". "Danmark" would thus mean "the forest by the wetlands".
Olaus Magnus offers another explanation in "A Description of the Northern Peoples" (7:15), stating that the church "took its name from the homeland of the enemy [Denmark], as the mighty building was funded by loot taken from him, and thus stands as an eternal memorial for those who have fallen." A third theory postulates that the name translates as "wood of the Danes", suggesting it may have been a settlement for Danes.
The building.
The church features frescos by Johannes Rosenrod and Albertus Pictor. The weathercock is from the late 1800s and was named "weathercock of the year" in 1989. The choir windows were made in 1958 by Julia Lüning.

</doc>
<doc id="36567099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567099" title="Birmingham General Hospital">
Birmingham General Hospital

Birmingham General Hospital was a teaching hospital in Birmingham, England, founded in 1779.
Summer Lane.
In 1765, a committee for a proposed hospital, formed by John Ash and supported by Sir Lister Holte, 5th Baronet, the Earl of Bradford, Samuel Garbett, Sir Henry Gough, Charles Adderley, Matthew Boulton, John Baskerville, Sampson Lloyd and others, purchased:
from a Mrs Dolphin, for £120 per acre. (Walmore Lane is now Lancaster Street)
However, work to erect the new hospital on that land stopped through lack of funds in 1766. Eventually, much of its funds came from the Birmingham Triennial Music Festival, the first of which was held over three days in September 1768, and which continued to fund the hospital into the 20th century.
The hospital finally opened on 20 September 1779, giving its name to Hospital Street. About 200 patients were treated in its first three months of operation, even though the 40 beds were fewer than half those aimed for.
Two, two-storey side wings were added in 1790. Further extensions were made in 1857 and 1880.
Eventually 235 beds were provided on the site.
The site was later used for a tram, then bus, depot and is now occupied by Centro House, headquarters of the West Midlands Passenger Transport Executive, where there is a blue plaque (at ) commemorating the hospital.
Steelhouse Lane.
The hospital relocated to Steelhouse Lane in 1897, on a site formerly occupied by almshouses provided by Lench's Trust.
Neville Chamberlain became an Official Visitor and then a director of the Hospital. He advocated a larger facility, a cause in which he was eventually successful, though building did not commence until 1934. He was still fundraising while he was Prime Minister.
On 5 July 1948 the hospital became part of the new National Health Service.
Until 1964 the hospital was a training centre for nurses, who, on qualification, became members of the General Hospital Birmingham Nurses League. After 1964, training switched to Queen Elizabeth Hospital in the nearby suburb of Edgbaston. The league was wound up in 2000, due to its remaining members' increasing age.
The Birmingham pub bombings, the worst terrorist attack on the mainland until 2005, occurred within a mile of the hospital, on 21 November 1974. Taxi cabs and all available ambulances ferried victims to either the General or to the nearby Accident Hospital.
In later years, a helicopter landing pad was marked near the road in front of the hospital, for use by air ambulances.
The General closed in the mid-1990s. Its Grade A locally listed, red brick building has been used as Birmingham Children's Hospital since 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="36567104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567104" title="Mikel Roteta">
Mikel Roteta

Miguel Ángel 'Mikel' Roteta Lopetegui (born 16 January 1970 in San Sebastián, Basque Country) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36567106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567106" title="Angels' Story">
Angels' Story

"Angels' Story" is the debut single album and first physical single by South Korean girl group AOA. It was released on July 30, 2012 through FNC Entertainment.
Release.
The album consists of 3 songs, the title track "Elvis", a R&B pop track with a trendy melody and romantic lyrics, "Love is Only You" composed by CN Blue's Jung Yong-hwa, and a ballad called "Temptation". A band version of "Elvis" is also included on the album.
The first music video teaser for "Angels' Story" was released on July 24, 2012 and the second teaser was released on July 26, 2012.
"Angels' Story" was leaked on July 28, 2012 with 2 days before the official release.
The single was released on music stores and digital music sites on July 30, 2012. The official music video was unveiled on the same day.
The music video of the band version of "Elvis", was released on August 20, 2012. The track is also included on "Angels' Story", their first album single.
Promotions.
AOA had a successful showcase at AX Korea last July 30, 2012 following the release of the "Elvis" MV and their album "Angels' Story".
The group did a flash mob event on August 7, 2012 along with their fans on different places in South Korea. The video is called "AOA with 50 Angels". The fans that danced with them wore wings and an AOA T-Shirt.
The group made their debut on August 9, 2012 at M! Countdown. They combined the album version of "Elvis" with the band version, Music Bank on August 10, 2012, and on Show! Music Core on August 11, 2012. They also appeared on the radio show ShimShim Tapa Radio and Boom's Youngstreet. The promotions for "Elvis" ended after 5 weeks and AOA performed their last stages during the 2nd week of September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36567111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567111" title="Harrigan 'N Hart">
Harrigan 'N Hart

"Harrigan 'N Hart" is a musical with a book by Michael Stewart, lyrics by Peter Walker, and music by Max Showalter. The show is based on the book "The Merry Partners" by Ely Jacques Kahn, Jr. and material found by Nedda Harrigan Logan. 
The show opened at the Longacre Theatre on January 31, 1985, and closed on February 3, 1985, after 4 performances (but had 25 previews).
Synopsis.
The show follows the rise of Edward Harrigan and Tony Hart, better known as Harrigan & Hart, and their later decline.
Original production.
The show was directed by Joe Layton, songs of the period by Edward Harrigan and David Braham, based on material compiled by Nedda Harrigan Logan and "The Merry Partners" by E.J. Kahn Jr., scenic design by David Mitchell, costume design by Ann Hould-Ward, lighting design by Richard Nelson, music supervision, orchestrations and arrangements by John McKinney, musical director Peter Howard, sound design by Otts Munderloh, production stage manager Mary Porter Hall, choreographed by K.J. Giagni. Presented by Elliot Martin, Arnold Bernhard and The Shubert Organization.
The cast included Mark Fotopoulos (Stetson, Andrew LeCouvrier, Judge, Jonny Wild, Captain and William Gill), Harry Groener (Edward Harrigan), Mark Hamill (Tony Hart), Clent Bowers (Archie White, Sam Nichols, Felix Barker and Uncle Albers), Cleve Asbury (Old Colnel, Billy Gross and Nat Goodwin), Barbara Moroz (The Colonel's Wife, Elsie Fay and Belle), Roxie Lucas (Eleanor and Ada Lewis), Oliver Woodall (Martin Hanley), Christopher Wells (Alfred J. Dugan, Harry Mack, Judge Hilton, and Doctor), Tudi Roche (Annie Braham Harrigan), Kenstom Ames (Chester Fox, Photographer, Newsboy and News- paperman), Merilee Magnuson (Lily Fay, Adelaide Harrigan and Jurse), Armelia McQueen (Mrs. Annie Yeamons), Amelia Marshall (Jennie Yeamons and Newsgirl), and Christine Ebersole (Gerta Granville).

</doc>
<doc id="36567125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567125" title="Yvonne Pavis">
Yvonne Pavis

Yvonne Pavis (b 1890) was an actor and writer. She began acting in Hollywood in 1910 with the Vitagraph Company, occasionally acting under the name of Marie Pavis. In 1922 she went to Australia and formed a production company with Lawson Harris, making three features. She returned to the US in 1924. She and Harris married but divorced in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="36567138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567138" title="Ricky Marlowe">
Ricky Marlowe

Richard Ronald Marlowe (born 10 August 1950 in Edinburgh, Scotland) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36567139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567139" title="The Protectors (Danish TV series)">
The Protectors (Danish TV series)

The Protectors () is a Danish crime TV series from 2009 that follows the police bodyguard squad P.E.T. (Politiets Efterretningstjeneste), which is in charge of protecting VIPs, including Danish royalty and politicians. The Protectors is created and written by Peter Thorsboe and Mai Brostrøm.
The series follows three recruits, Jasmina El-Murad (Cecilie Stenspil), Jonas Goldschmidt (André Babikian), and Rasmus Poulsen (Søren Vejby), who go swiftly from training camp to full fledged police bodyguards. Jasmina is the only woman, and an Egyptian Muslim, on the team. 
It won an International Emmy Award from the International Academy of Television Arts & Sciences for best non-American television drama series in 2009. The series was filmed on location in Copenhagen (Denmark).
A second and final season was released in 2010, each season had 10 episodes.
The series screened in Australia in 2011 and 2012 on SBS and is available on DVD and Hulu with English subtitles.

</doc>
<doc id="36567140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567140" title="Anastasia Vasina">
Anastasia Vasina

Anastasia Vasina (; born 18 December 1987) is a Russian beach volleyball player. As of 2012, she plays with Anna Vozakova. They have competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. They are the first representatives of Russia in Beach Volleyball competing in the Olympics. In the first round of the games, the Russians pulled an upset against the match favorites Xue Chen and Zhang Xi from China. and qualified to the next round as first in their group but were eliminated by the Austrian team in the round of 16.

</doc>
<doc id="36567141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567141" title="Ballarat Heritage Weekend">
Ballarat Heritage Weekend

Ballarat Heritage Weekend is a community cultural festival held annually in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia. Run since 2006 by Ballarat Regional Tourism, it is a major tourist attraction. The festival follows a heritage theme drawing on Ballarat's reputation as a historic Australian city. Many of the events are free.
Popular recurring events include public access to selected buildings similar to Doors Open Days; vintage transport, including visits to the historic Ballarat railway station by Steamrail Victoria locomotives (Y112), vintage bus rides, double decker buses, vintage car displays, horse and cart and use of Ballarat's preserved vintage tramway at the Ballarat Botanical Gardens; actors in period garb; architecture and history walking tours; and exhibits of private and public paraphernalia collections; theatrical performance; and trade displays for heritage organisations. 
The Ballarat Mining Exchange (1887−9) is regularly used as an exhibition space.
History.
The first festival was held in May 2006. The 2010 event featured swimsuits and accessories by Louis Vuitton. In 2011, an exhibit of Ballarat inventor Henry Sutton was shown. The 2012 event was themed "Childhood Memories" and featured a retro fashion catwalk and screening of retro film trailers. However the event was marred by vandalism of Steamrail Victoria's trains, however the City of Ballarat pledged to contribute to the cleanup so that the train could return.
The 2013 program included an exhibit featuring cars used in the filming of The Doctor Blake Mysteries, a 1960s themed dance event, historic mayoral portraits and a private collection of retro games. and an LP and rare records market.

</doc>
<doc id="36567144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567144" title="1991 Birmingham Fire season">
1991 Birmingham Fire season

The 1991 Birmingham Fire season was the first for the franchise in the inaugural season for the World League of American Football (WLAF). The team was led by head coach Chan Gailey, and played their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. They finished the season with a record of five wins and six losses (5–6), as the North America West division champions and with a loss against the Barcelona Dragons in the WLAF semifinals.
The Fire franchise was established in April 1990, and by November 1990 league officials announced play to begin in March 1991. With former Denver Broncos offensive coordinator Chan Gailey selected as head coach, the league held its inaugural draft in February 1991. Birmingham opened the season with a home loss to Montreal followed by a win over Sacramento. The Fire then alternated pairs of wins and losses for the remainder of the season. Although they finished with a record of only 5–5, the Fire qualified for the playoffs as the North America West division champions. In the WLAF semifinals, Birmingham lost to Barcelona 10–3 to finish the season 5–6.
Offseason.
On April 18, 1990, Birmingham became the second U.S. city that was awarded a franchise after the Orlando Thunder to compete in the inaugural WLAF season. At the time of the announcement, league president Tex Schramm said that past support for professional football in Birmingham was a major reason for its selection for a franchise. In November, officials announced the league would begin play in March 1991 with ten teams. At that time it was also revealed that Birmingham would compete as a member of the North American West division with the Sacramento Surge and the San Antonio Riders. On December 21, 1990, Chan Gailey was introduced as the first head coach of the Fire.
Draft.
In February 1991, the first WLAF Draft was held in Orlando, Florida. Unlike the NFL Draft, the WLAF version was carried out with individual positions being drafted over a period of several days. Offensive linemen were drafted on February 14; running backs, punters and placekickers on February 16; quarterbacks, wide receivers and tight ends on February 18; defensive linemen on February 20; linebackers on February 22; and defensive backs on February 24. In addition to those players drafted, each team had four European-born players assigned to their squad in a program called Operation Discovery. Players assigned through this program to the Fire were Pepe Moscatelli and Sergio Vissa from Italy and Andreas Motzkus and Hans-Ulrich Riecke from Germany.
Regular season.
Game summaries.
Week 1: vs. Montreal Machine.
In what was their first all-time game, the Fire were defeated by the Montreal Machine before 52,942 fans at Legion Field. Late in the first quarter, Birmingham's James Henry fumbled a punt that Montreal recovered at the 11-yard line of the Fire. Four plays later, the Machine took an early 3–0 lead after Björn Nittmo connected on a 22-yard field goal. Just as their first scoring drive started with a Birmingham special teams mistake, their second did as well. In the second quarter, a bad snap that went over the head of Fire punter Kirk Maggio gave the Machine possession at the Birmingham 17-yard line. Keith Jennings then scored the first touchdown of the game on a two-yard pass from Kevin Sweeney to give Montreal a 10–0 halftime lead. The Machine extended their lead to 13–0 after a 36-yard Nittmo field goal in the third before the Fire scored their first points in the fourth quarter. In the fourth, Birmingham scored first on a 35-yard field goal by Win Lyle and then were later awarded a safety after Montreal's Kevin Sweeney called for intentional grounding in the end zone to cut the lead to 13–5. However, Elroy Harris scored on a one-yard touchdown run with only 1:42 left in the game to seal the 20–5 Montreal victory.
In the loss, the Birmingham defense only allowed 179 yards of total offense, with only 33 yards coming through the air. On offense, the Fire gained 231 yards of total offense, with only 79 yards coming on the ground. Due to the larger than expected crowd, the start of the game was delayed 21 minutes to allow fans into the stadium as only two gates were open at Legion Field. With the loss, the Fire began their season at 0–1.
Week 2: vs. Sacramento Surge.
Against the Sacramento Surge, the Fire recorded their first all-time victory with their 17–10 win in near freezing conditions before 16,432 fans at Legion Field. After a scoreless first quarter, the Fire took a 10–0 lead in the second only to have the Surge tie the game 10–10 at halftime. Birmingham scored on a 35-yard Win Lyle field goal and a 35-yard Joe Henderson touchdown run; Sacramento scored on a 20-yard Mike Elkins touchdown pass to Sam Archer and on a 25-yard Kendall Trainor field goal. Birmingham then scored the game-winning touchdown in the third quarter when John Miller intercepted an Elkins pass and returned it 99-yards for a touchdown and a 17–10 Fire lead. Sacramento did have a chance late in the fourth quarter to tie up the game. With a first-and-goal from the Fire two-yard line, Elkins threw four incomplete passes to turn the ball over on downs with 1:13 left in the game. With the win, the Fire evened their season record at 1–1.
Week 3: at Montreal Machine.
In what was their first all-time road game the Fire were defeated by the 23–10 Montreal Machine, for the second time in three weeks, before 27,766 fans at Olympic Stadium in Montreal on a Monday night. The Machine took a 13–0 lead early in the first quarter after Richard Shelton scored a pair of defensive touchdowns. The first came on the first offensive play of the game when Shelton recovered a Joe Henderson fumble caused by Adam Bob and returned it 26-yards for a 7–0 lead. About five minutes later, Shelton intercepted a Brent Pease pass and returned it for a touchdown and a 13–0 lead after Björn Nittmo missed the extra point.
Birmingham responded in the second quarter with a 55-yard Pease touchdown pass to Stacey Mobley and a 20-yard Win Lyle field goal to cut the Montreal lead to 13–10. The Machine then scored late on a 39-yard Nittmo field goal to make the halftime score 16–10 in favor of the home team. A 41-yard Elroy Harris touchdown run late in the third was the final points of the game scored in the 23–10 Machine victory. In the game Birmingham outgained Montreal 181 to 39 in passing yardage and Montreal outgained Birmingham 154 to 73 in rushing yardage. With the loss, the Fire dropped to 1–2.
Week 4: vs. London Monarchs.
Against the London Monarchs, the Fire were outgained in total offense 404 to 112 yards and were shutout 27–0 at Legion Field. The Monarchs took a 10–0 lead into halftime after David Smith scored on a six-yard touchdown run in the first and Phil Alexander connected on a 27-yard field goal in the second quarter. The Fire defense then shutout London in the third quarter, but 17 unanswered points in the fourth quarter secured the Monarchs' victory. In a span of 2:43, London quarterback Stan Gelbaugh threw touchdown passes of 33 and 13-yards to Andre Riley in the fourth quarter. Alexander then scored the final points of the game with his second 27-yard field goal of the game.
In the fourth quarter, Birmingham starting quarterback Brent Pease was replaced with back-up Eric Jones. Pease finished the game having completed 10-of-27 passes for 65 yards and Jones finished having completed 4-of-9 passes for 35 yards. With the loss, the Fire dropped to 1–3.
Week 5: at Orlando Thunder.
In their second road game of the season, the Fire defeated the Orlando Thunder 31–6 at the Florida Citrus Bowl. J. J. Flannigan fumbled the opening kickoff for Orlando, which was recovered by Arthur Hunter for the Fire at the Thunder 13-yard line. The Orlando defense managed to hold the Fire after a goal line stand gave possession back to the Thunder at the Birmingham two-yard line. Three plays later, Myron Jones was tackled by Darrell Phillips for a safety and a 2–0 Birmingham lead. On the drive that ensued, the Fire scored their first touchdown of the game after Stacey Mobley threw a 15-yard touchdown pass to Brent Pease on a trick play for a 9–0 lead. Birmingham then extended their lead to 24–0 at halftime with a pair of second-quarter touchdowns. The first came on a 21-yard Pease pass to Willie Bouyer and the second when James Henry intercepted a Kerwin Bell pass and returned it 77-yards for a touchdown.
Early in the third quarter, Steve Williams had an apparent interception return for a touchdown negated by a false start penalty. On the next play, Pease threw an 87-yard touchdown pass to Willie Bouyer to give Birmingham a 31–0 lead. Orlando later scored their only points of the game late in the fourth quarter on a four-yard Myron Jones touchdown run. In the game, the Thunder had six turnovers as compared to zero for the Fire. The victory improved the Fire's record to 2–3.
Week 6: vs. San Antonio Riders.
Against the San Antonio Riders, the Fire won 16–12 in rainy conditions at Legion Field. After a scoreless first quarter, Birmingham scored all 16 of their points during a 3.5 minute span in the second quarter. The first touchdown was scored on an 11-yard pass from Brent Pease to Steve Avery for a 7–0 lead. On the San Antonio possession that followed, Riders long snapper Eddie Grant snapped the ball over the head of punter Kent Sullivan out of the back of the end zone for a safety and a 9–0 Fire lead. Birmingham then scored their second touchdown on the possession that followed the safety with a 32-yard Pease pass to Avery for a 16–0 lead.
After a scoreless third quarter, San Antonio mounted a fourth quarter rally only to fall short and lose the game 16–12. After a 35-yard Jim Gallery field goal, the Riders scored their only touchdown on a 73-yard Mike Johnson pass to Lee Morris. With 1:30 remaining in the game, John Holland intercepted a Johnson pass; however, San Antonio held the Fire to force a punt. As they were punting from their own endzone, Kirk Maggio took the safety for Birmingham to set up a better free kick with only 0:22 left in the game. Arthur Hunter then intercepted a Johnson pass at the Fire two-yard line as time expired to preserve the Birmingham victory. The victory improved the Fire's record to 3–3.
Week 7: at Barcelona Dragons.
In their first European road game of the season, the Fire lost 11–6 to the Barcelona Dragons at Montjuic Stadium in Spain. The Dragons scored their first points on the first offensive play of the game when Eric Lindstrom tackled Elroy Harris in the endzone for a safety and a 2–0 lead. In the second quarter Barcelona extended their lead to 8–0 after Lydell Carr scored on a three-yard touchdown run to complete an 89-yard drive. After a scoreless third quarter, Birmingham cut the Barcelona lead to 8–6 when Eric Jones threw a 42-yard touchdown pass to Stacey Mobley. Massimo Manca then provided for the final margin with his 26-yard field goal for the Dragons late in the game. In the game, Barcelona quarterback Tony Rice completed 20 of 25 passes for 354 yards passing. The loss brought the Fire's record to 3–4.
Week 8: at Frankfurt Galaxy.
In their second consecutive European road game of the season, the Fire lost 10–3 to the Frankfurt Galaxy at Waldstadion in Germany. After a scoreless first quarter, Win Lyle converted a 43-yard field goal for the Fire and Tom Whelihan converted from 32-yards for the Galaxy for a 3–3 tie at halftime. The game winning touchdown for Frankfurt was scored in the third quarter on a two-yard Tony Baker run. The loss brought the Fire's record to 3–5.
Week 9: vs. New York/New Jersey Knights.
In what was their final regular season home game, the Fire defeated the New York/New Jersey Knights 24–14 at Legion Field. Birmingham took a 10–0 lead into halftime after Arthur Hunter intercepted a Jeff Graham pass and returned it 37-yards for a touchdown in the first and Win Lyle converted a 20-yard field goal in the second quarter. In the third quarter, the Fire extended their lead to 17–0 after a successful fake punt resulted in a touchdown when Kirk Maggio threw a 65-yard pass to Kenny Bell.
The Knights responded in the fourth quarter with a pair of touchdowns to cut the Fire lead to 17–14. The rally started after New York recovered a Willie Bouyer fumble at the Birmingham 25-yard line. On the next play, Jeff Graham threw a 25-yard touchdown pass to Eric Wilkerson. Later in the quarter, Fire quarterback Eric Jones fumbled the ball on a quarterback sack that was returned by Mark Moore 20-yards for a touchdown. However, the comeback was halted late in the fourth after Steve Hyche caused a Jeff Graham fumble that was returned 35-yards for a touchdown by Tony Bowick. The victory improved the Fire's record to 4–5.
Week 10: at Raleigh–Durham Skyhawks.
In their final regular season game, the Fire defeated the Raleigh–Durham Skyhawks 28–7 at Carter–Finley Stadium to clinch a playoff spot as the North America West division champions. Birmingham opened the scoring with a five-yard Stacey Mobley touchdown run in the first, and Raleigh–Durham responded in the second quarter with a two-yard John Burch touchdown run to tie the game at 7–7 at halftime. Early in the third, the Fire took a 14–7 lead after James Henry returned a Skyhawks punt 50-yards for a touchdown. The third Birmingham touchdown was set up in the fourth quarter after Phil Ross recovered a Marvin Hargrove fumble at Raleigh–Durham 13-yard line. On the next play, Elroy Harris scored on a 13-yard touchdown run. Steve Avery then provided the final points in the 28–7 Fire victory with his nine-yard run. The victory improved the Fire's record to 5–5 as they entered the playoffs.
Postseason.
Game summary.
WLAF Semifinal: vs. Barcelona Dragons.
Against the Barcelona Dragons in the semifinals of the WLAF playoffs, the Fire lost 10–3 at Legion Field to complete their season. Although Barcelona defeated the Fire in their regular season matchup and had a better overall record, the game was played in Birmingham as the Fire were division champions and the Dragons entered the playoffs as a wild card since London won their division. After a scoreless first quarter, Barcelona scored all of their points in the second quarter. Massimo Manca converted a successful 25-yard field goal and Scott Erney threw a six-yard touchdown pass to Thomas Woods for a 10–0 lead. The only other points in the game came late in the fourth quarter when Win Lyle connected on a 28-yard field goal to make the final score 10–3. With their victory, Barcelona advanced to play the London Monarchs in World Bowl I at Wembley Stadium.
Awards.
After the completion of the regular season, the All-World League Team was selected by the league's ten head coaches. Overall, Birmingham had five players selected, with two on the first team and three on the second team. The five selections were:

</doc>
<doc id="36567154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567154" title="Lake Seewen">
Lake Seewen

Lake Seewen () is a former lake in Seewen, Canton of Solothurn, in Switzerland. It was drained in the late 16th century.
The lake was formed 8000 years ago following a rockslide that ponded the village's brook behind it. It had a length of about 2 km when full. The name of the village, "Seewen" (Old High German for "at the lakes"), comes from its location near the lake. In the 15th century inhabitants attempted to drain the lake to prevent annoying plagues of mosquitos. In 1588, a 200-metre tunnel was constructed through the rockslide mass which had caused the lake to silt up. The area subsequently became a wetland until being completely drained in 1923.
In 2003, two-thirds of the inhabitants voted to rebuild the lake following a feasibility study by the University of Basel. In 2012, a revitalisation project was started by the regional tourism society to develop the area for tourism. The project is supported by the Basel rowing club and the village's mayor, Philippe Weber.

</doc>
<doc id="36567156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567156" title="Dirk Schrade">
Dirk Schrade

Dirk Schrade (born June 29, 1978 in Münsingen) is a German equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing and team eventing, where Germany won the gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36567160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567160" title="Sam Griffiths">
Sam Griffiths

Sam Griffiths is an Australian equestrian rider. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual and Team eventing, but fell during the cross-country event and did not finish. He was originally selected as the second reserve rider, but entered the team when two other Australian horses were unable to compete.

</doc>
<doc id="36567162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567162" title="List of state leaders in 449 BC">
List of state leaders in 449 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36567170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567170" title="Boyd Martin">
Boyd Martin

Boyd Martin is an American equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in Individual eventing.
Biography.
Date of Birth: August 20, 1979
Qualifications: NCIS Level 1 Accredited Coach, Horse Mastership Certificate at Kurri Tase. Graduate “A” Pony Clubber
Boyd Martin was born to Toy Dorgan, an American speedskater, & Ross Martin, an Australian cross-country skier. His parents met at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble, France. He was raised in Terrey Hills, New South Wales. Prior to moving to the U.S., Martin was extremely successful in Australia, where he trained out of Heath and Rozzie Ryan’s equestrian center. The highlight of his competitive career there was winning the 2003 Adelaide CCI**** riding True Blue Toozac.
Martin and his wife, Silva (nee Stigler), moved to the U.S. in 2007 to pursue their dreams of competing internationally. Initially Boyd worked as an assistant to Phillip Dutton. Today the Martins own their own farm, Windurra USA in Cochranville, PA.
As the son of an American citizen Boyd has always enjoyed dual citizenship, and in 2009 he officially began representing the United States in International competition. German-born dressage rider Silva obtained US Citizenship in 2010 and competed on her first US Team at the Nations Cup in Wellington, Florida in February, 2014 riding Rosa Cha W, helping to bring home a team gold medal.
Martin purchased his best-known horse, Neville Bardos, for $850; Neville had been rescued from the racetrack by another trainer and declared 'no good' as a jumper. After overcoming great adversity including a devastating barn fire at True Prospect Farm in 2011, and the deaths of his father and father-in-law shortly after the file, Martin and Neville made an amazing comeback to finish 7th at the Burghley CCI****, the toughest three-event in the world. Martin finished 2011 ranked 8th on the HSBC World Rankings, Neville Bardos was named the 2011 International Horse of the Year by the USEF, and The Chronicle of the Horse named Martin its 2011 Overall Rider of the Year. They were also featured on Rock Center with Brian Williams on NBC Television.
Boyd Martin has enjoyed international competitive success, representing the United States at the 2010 Alltech Equestrian Games in Lexington, KY, on Neville Bardos, and the 2012 Olympic Games in London, riding Otis Barbotiere. He has also had top finishes at the Pau CCI*** (France), Boekelo CIC**** (the Netherlands) and Burghley CCI**** (England).

</doc>
<doc id="36567176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567176" title="Sahana Kumari">
Sahana Kumari

Sahana Kumari (born 6 March 1982) is an Indian athlete who competes in the high jump event. She is the current national record holder at 1.92 m.
Personal life.
Sahana was born in Kotekar village in Dakshina Kannada, Karnataka. She attended Anandashram High School, Someshwar. She began taking part in different sports like kabaddi, kho kho, and high jump during her school days. According to Sahana, it was her school that "encouraged her to take up sports". She graduated from Sri Gokarnanatheshwara College of Mangalore in 2002. Her elder sister Harshini is also a former athlete and her brother plays volleyball. She learned high jump from her father, who at that time was in Indian Air Force. Sahana’s mother Yashoda used to wake both of her daughters at and send them for training.
She is married to national level athlete B.G. Nagaraj and they have a daughter named Pavana. She is a senior clerk in South Western Railway Zone.
2012 Summer Olympics.
Sahana was the last Indian athlete to qualify for the London Games. She earned the B standard Olympic berth at the 52nd National Inter-State Senior Athletics Championships held in G. M. C. Balayogi Athletic Stadium, Hyderabad, from 23 to 26 June 2012. She broke an eight-year old national record of 1.91 m set by Keralite Bobby Aloysius.
Sahana had wanted her Ukrainian coach Nikhil Evgeny to accompany her to the Games but the National Olympic Committee of India, Indian Olympic Association, had only sanctioned a quota of five athletic coaches. The Athletics Federation of India approved chief national athletic coach Bahadur Singh Chouhan, R.K. Gandhi, recommended by three qualified racewalkers, and the personal coaches of Tintu Luka, Vikas Gowda, and Krishna Poonia.
Sahana was unable to reimburse the travelling expenses of her coach. A non-governmental organisation, "Ek Aur Prayaas" contributed funds for her coach to travel to London.
On 8 August 2012, Sahana was eliminated from the women's high jump competition at the Olympic Games when she failed to clear 1.85 m.

</doc>
<doc id="36567184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567184" title="Carl Bouckaert">
Carl Bouckaert

"Carl Bouckaert"', born 19 April 1954, is a Belgian equestrian and businessman. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing. 
He also competed in the Belgian olympic team during the Sydney Olympics in 2000.
A native of Belgium, Carl Bouckaert studied engineering at Louvain University. In 1977 he began working at Beaulieu Group of Companies in Belgium.
In 1978 Carl moved to the USA and co-founded Beaulieu of America in Dalton, Georgia. Under his leadership, this small rug weaving operation has grown into the world’s third largest (and largest privately held) carpet manufacturer.
In 1980 Beaulieu Canada, a weaving mill in Stratford, was established.
In 1981, the Memofil polypropylene extrusion plant was started in Dalton. Beaulieu was the first carpet company to start making its own polypropylene yarns. That was in fact the beginning of the backward integration strategy of the carpet industry.
In 1984 Beaulieu expanded into tufting with Beaulieu Carpets and Dimension Carpet in Chatsworth, Georgia, today know as Beaulieu Commercial.
In 1985 Beaulieu was the first carpet company to introduce polypropylene berber carpet, a category that became hugely successful in the next several years.
In 1987 and 1988 Fiber operations were expanded through a new plant Bridgeport, Alabama facility. The indoor/outdoor carpet manufacturer Conquest Carpet Mills was also acquired, which doubled the size of the company. During the same time, Beaulieu entered into a joint venture, to create the polypropylene chip manufacturing facility Epsilon in Marcus Hook, PA. Beaulieu was the first carpet company to make its own nylon chips and nylon BCF yarn (both white and solution dyed), another step toward the vertical integration of the industry. It was also the first carpet company to manufacture its own primary and secondary backing.
In 1989 Interloom was acquired
In 1990 and 1991 Beaulieu continued its vertical integration with the addition of yet another new facility in Bridgeport, Alabama for the extrusion of polypropylene stable fiber, slit film, and weaving of primary and secondary backing. Coronet Industries was purchased, again doubling the size of the company. And Murray Fabrics was founded, a manufacturer of needlepunch carpet and wallcoverings.
In 1992 Grass More, producer of artificial turf, was acquired.
In 1993 The Bouckaerts acquired D&W Carpet & Rug Company in Chatsworth, Georgia. In blending D&W with Grass More and Murray Fabrics, United Carpet Mills emersed.
In response to growing demands, in 1994 Beaulieu Fibers, a world-class polymerization and nylon extrusion facility opened in Aiken, SC. That same year, South Richmond Chemicals was created to manufacture caprolactam, the key raw material in nylon.
In 1995 Sterling Carpet Mills in Australia was acquired, thus creating Beaulieu Australia.
In 1996 Coronet and Beaulieu United are merged into Beaulieu of America. During the same time, a local representative office was established in Shanghai, China.
In 1997 Princeton Rugs and American Polycraft were acquired.
In 1998 Columbus Carpet Mills and Marglen Industries were acquired. The purchase of Peerless Carpet Corporation in Canada secured Beaulieu Canada’s position as the largest manufacturer of carpet in Canada.
In 1999 L.D. Brinkman was purchased. Also Beaulieu do Brazil was established in a joint venture with Beaulieu International.
In 2003, in an ever-changing economy, Brinkman was sold back in a management-led buyout.
Since 2004, Beaulieu of America has right-sized itself in a difficult economy, and shrinking carpet market. 
______________________________
Carl’s achievements don’t stop with the world of floorcovering. He is also an avid horseman, who has attained world-class standing in the equestrian arena.
1998 A Belgian team member at the World Equestrian Games in Pratoni Del Vivaro, Italy.
2000 A Belgian team member at the Olympic Games in Sydney, Australia.
2006 A Belgian team member at the World Equestrian Games in Aachen, Germany.
2012 A Belgian team member at the Olympic Games in London, England.
He is also the owner of Bouckaert Farm, where Tomorrowworld was organised in 2013, which is Tomorrowland's (The world's biggest electronic dance festival) litlle sister.

</doc>
<doc id="36567190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567190" title="Toshiyuki Tanaka">
Toshiyuki Tanaka

Toshiyuki Tanaka is a Japanese equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567194" title="List of state leaders in 448 BC">
List of state leaders in 448 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36567197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567197" title="Aurélien Kahn">
Aurélien Kahn

Aurélien Kahn is a French equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the individual and team eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567202" title="Takayuki Yumira">
Takayuki Yumira

Takayuki Yumira is a Japanese equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567204" title="Tom McCready">
Tom McCready

Thomas McCready (born 19 October 1943 in Johnstone, Scotland) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a left back.

</doc>
<doc id="36567207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567207" title="Márcio Jorge">
Márcio Jorge

Márcio Carvalho Jorge is a Brazilian equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the individual eventing and team eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567214" title="Michael Ryan (equestrian)">
Michael Ryan (equestrian)

Michael Ryan is an Irish equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing and team eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567215" title="Denis Mesples">
Denis Mesples

Denis Mesples is a French equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567217" title="Lionel Guyon">
Lionel Guyon

Lionel Guyon is a French equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567218" title="Donatien Schauly">
Donatien Schauly

Donatien Schauly is a French equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567228" title="List of state leaders in 447 BC">
List of state leaders in 447 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36567229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567229" title="Joseph Murphy (equestrian)">
Joseph Murphy (equestrian)

Joseph Murphy is an Irish equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing. He postponed his wedding to allow him to take part.

</doc>
<doc id="36567235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567235" title="Camilla Speirs">
Camilla Speirs

Camilla Speirs is an Irish equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567237" title="Mark Kyle (equestrian)">
Mark Kyle (equestrian)

Mark Kyle is an Irish equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the individual and team eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567243" title="Michelle Mueller">
Michelle Mueller

Michelle Mueller is a Canadian Equestrian Team athlete in Eventing. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567246" title="Peter Barry (equestrian)">
Peter Barry (equestrian)

Peter Barry is a Canadian Equestrian Team athlete from Quebec. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567249" title="Rebecca Howard">
Rebecca Howard

Rebecca Howard (born May 9, 1979 in Salmon Arm, British Columbia) is a Canadian Equestrian Team athlete in Eventing. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in Individual Eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567251" title="Virginie Caulier">
Virginie Caulier

Virginie Caulier is a Belgian equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567252" title="Crazy Joe (film)">
Crazy Joe (film)

Crazy Joe is a 1974 Italian drama film directed by Carlo Lizzani. It is based on the real life events of Joseph Gallo, a mobster member of the Colombo crime family. The film stars Peter Boyle in the title role, with Fred Williamson, Eli Wallach, and Paula Prentiss.
Plot.
As soon as Joe Gallo gets out of jail, he returns to New York and begins building his crime organization with the help of Harlem associates. He goes too far, however, and before long Joe himself becomes a target of both cops and crooks. The film chronicles twelve years in Gallo's life (1960-1972).

</doc>
<doc id="36567254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567254" title="Marc Rigouts">
Marc Rigouts

Marc Rigouts is a Belgian equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567257" title="Joris van Springel">
Joris van Springel

Joris van Springel is a Belgian equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567258" title="List of state leaders in 446 BC">
List of state leaders in 446 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36567260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567260" title="Karin Donckers">
Karin Donckers

Karin Donckers (born 28 May 1971) is a Belgian equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Individual eventing and Team eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567263" title="Ludvig Svennerstål">
Ludvig Svennerstål

Sven Ludvig Svennerstål (born 24 August 1990) is a Swedish equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the individual eventing. Ludwig picked up the Shearwater/ERA Rising Star Award 2013 at the Event Riders Association´s annual ball. The award was given to the rider who impressed the most on the International stage in 2013, and the decision was unanimously agreed up on by the jury! At the CCI4* Badminton Horse Trials, Svennerstål with his horse Alexander, made a super performance around the cross country, but due to an injury the combination had to withdraw before the Show Jumping phase. At the European Championships in Malmö, Sweden, Svennerstål saddled up last year´s Olympic ride Shamwari, and the combination had their hands on an individual medal, but after two poles came flying down during the final phase of show jumping they had to "settle" for a team silver for Sweden. At the Land Rover Burghley Horse Trials, King Bob, made an over all super performance which led to a final ninth placing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567265" title="Sara Algotsson Ostholt">
Sara Algotsson Ostholt

Sara Algotsson Ostholt (born 8 December 1974 in Rockneby, Sweden) is a Swedish equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in both the team and the individual eventing. Algotsson won a silver medal in the individual eventing.
She is the younger sister of fellow rider Linda Algotsson. She is married to German equestrian Frank Ostholt.

</doc>
<doc id="36567266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567266" title="Niklas Lindbäck">
Niklas Lindbäck

Niklas Lindbäck (born 2 March 1974) is a Swedish equestrian, He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in individual and team eventing, finishing fourth and seventeenth respectively. 

</doc>
<doc id="36567268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567268" title="Malin Petersen">
Malin Petersen

Malin Petersen is a Swedish equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567270" title="Linda Algotsson">
Linda Algotsson

Linda Algotsson (born 22 March 1972 in Rockneby, Sweden) is a Swedish equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the individual and team eventing.
She is the older sister of fellow rider Sara Algotsson Ostholt.

</doc>
<doc id="36567274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567274" title="Aoife Clark">
Aoife Clark

Aoife Clark (born 6 August 1981 in Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, England, she competed in the Individual eventing, riding Master Crusoe.

</doc>
<doc id="36567275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567275" title="Hugh McLeish">
Hugh McLeish

Hugh McLeish (born 10 June 1948 in Shotts, Scotland) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36567280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567280" title="Jonelle Richards">
Jonelle Richards

Jonelle Richards (born 14 October 1980) is a New Zealand equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she won the bronze medal in Team eventing. She also runs a farm business with partner, Tim Price.

</doc>
<doc id="36567281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567281" title="Sheikhdom of Kuwait">
Sheikhdom of Kuwait

The Sheikhdom of Kuwait () was a British protectorate between 1899 and 1961.
Foundation.
Founding.
Kuwait was founded in 1613 AD as a fishing village known as Grane. The region soon came under the rule of the Bani Khalid in 1670 after the expulsion of the Ottomans from Eastern Arabia by Barrack bin Ghurayr, Emir of the Bani Khalid who successfully besieged the Ottoman governor Umar Pasha who surrendered and gave up his rule as the fourth Ottoman governor of al-Hasa.
The families of the Bani Utbah finally arrived in Kuwait in 1713 AD and settled after receiving permission from the Emir of al-Hasa Sa'dun bin Muhammad who ruled from 1691-1722 AD. The Utubs didn't immediately settle in Kuwait however, they roamed for half a century before finally settling. They first left the region of Najd in central Arabia and settled themselves in what is now Qatar, after a quarrel between them and some of the inhabitants of the region they departed and settled near Umm Qasr living as brigands, raiding passing caravans and levying taxes over the shipping of the Shatt al-Arab. Due to these practices, they were driven out of the area by the Ottoman Mutasallim of Basra and later lived in Sabiyya an area bordering the north of Kuwait Bay, until finally requesting permission from the Bani Khalid to settle in Kuwait which was then under the rule of the Emir of al-Hasa who himself was of the Bani Khalid.
In 1718, the head of each family in the the town of Kuwait gathered and chose Sabah I bin Jaber as the Sheikh of Kuwait becoming a governor of sorts underneath the Emir of Al Hasa. During this time as well, the power in governance was split between the Al Sabah, Al Khalifa, and Al Jalahma families in which the Al Sabah will have control over the reigns of power whereas the Al Khalifa were in charge of trade and the flow of money, and the Jalahma would be in charge over work in the sea. 
In 1752, Kuwait became independent after an agreement between the Sheikh of Kuwait and the Emir of Al Hasa in which Al Hasa recognized Sabah I bin Jaber's independent rule over Kuwait and in exchange Kuwait would not ally itself or support the enemies of Al Hasa or interfere in the internal affairs of Al Hasa in any way. 
Economic prosperity.
In the eighteenth century, Kuwait prospered and rapidly became the principal commercial center for the transit of goods between India, Muscat, Baghdad and Arabia. By the mid 1700s, Kuwait had already established itself as the major trading route from the Persian Gulf to Aleppo. 
In the eighteenth century, Kuwait prospered and rapidly became the principal commercial center for the transit of goods between India, Muscat, Baghdad and Arabia. By the mid 1700s, Kuwait had already established itself as the major trading route from the Persian Gulf to Aleppo. 
During the Persian siege of Basra in 1775—1779, Iraqi merchants took refuge in Kuwait and were partly instrumental in the expansion of Kuwait's boat-building and trading activities. As a result, Kuwait's maritime commerce boomed. Between the years 1775 and 1779, the Indian trade routes with Baghdad, Aleppo, Smyrna and Constantinople were diverted to Kuwait. The English Factory was diverted to Kuwait in 1792, which consequently expanded Kuwait's resources beyond fishing and pearling. The English Factory secured the sea routes between Kuwait, India and the east coasts of Africa. This allowed Kuwaiti vessels to venture all the way to the pearling banks of Sri Lanka and trade goods with India and East Africa. Kuwait was also the center for all caravans carrying goods between Basra, Baghdad and Aleppo during 1775-1779.
Kuwait's strategic location and regional geopolitical turbulence helped foster economic prosperity in Kuwait in the second half of the 18th century. Kuwait became wealthy due to Basra's instability in the late 18th century. In the late 18th century, Kuwait partly functioned as a haven for Basra's merchants fleeing Ottoman government persecution. Economic prosperity in the late 18th century attracted many immigrants from Iran and Iraq to Kuwait. By 1800, it was estimated that Kuwait's sea trade reached 16 million Bombay rupees, a substantial amount at that time. Kuwait's pre-oil population was ethnically diverse. The population consisted of Arabs, Persians, Africans, Jews and Armenians.
Kuwait was the center of boat building in the Gulf region in the nineteenth century until the early twentieth century. Ship vessels made in Kuwait carried the bulk of international trade between the trade ports of India, East Africa, and Red Sea. Boats made in Kuwait were capable of sailing up to China. Kuwaiti ship vessels were renowned throughout the Indian Ocean for quality and design. Kuwaitis also developed a reputation as the best sailors in the Persian Gulf.
Kuwait was divided into three areas: Sharq, Jibla and Mirqab. Sharq and Jibla were the most populated areas. Sharq was mostly inhabited by Persians (Ajam). Jibla was inhabited by immigrants from Saudi Arabia, Iraq and Bahrain. Mirgab was lightly populated by butchers.
Kuwait was a central part of the trade in frankincense from Oman, textiles from China, and Indian spices, all destined for lucrative European markets. Kuwait was also significant in the horse trade, horses were regularly shipped by the way of sailing boats from Kuwait. In the mid 19th century, it was estimated that Kuwait was exporting an average of 800 horses to India annually.
In the early 20th century, Kuwait was dubbed the "Marsielles of the Gulf" because its economic vitality attracted a large variety of people. In a good year, Kuwait's annual revenue actually came up to 100,000 riyals, the governor of Basra considered Kuwait's annual revenue an astounding figure. A Western author's account of Kuwait in 1905:
In the first decades of the twentieth century, Kuwait had a well-established elite: wealthy trading families who were linked by marriage and shared economic interests. The elite were long-settled, urban, Sunni families, the majority of which claim descent from the original 30 Bani Utubi families. The wealthiest families were trade merchants who acquired their wealth from long-distance commerce, shipbuilding and pearling. They were a cosmopolitan elite, they traveled extensively to India, Africa and Europe. The elite educated their sons abroad more than other Gulf Arab elite. Western visitors noted that the Kuwaiti elite used European office systems, typewriters and followed European culture with curiosity. The richest families were involved in general trade. The merchant families of Al-Ghanim and Al-Hamad were estimated to be worth millions before the 1940s.
Collapse of economy.
In the early 20th century, Kuwait immensely declined in regional economic importance, mainly due to many trade blockades and the world economic depression. Before Mary Bruins Allison visited Kuwait in 1934, Kuwait lost its prominence in long distance trade. During World War I, the British Empire imposed a trade blockade against Kuwait because Kuwait's ruler supported the Ottoman Empire. The British economic blockade heavily damaged Kuwait's economy.
The Great Depression negatively impacted Kuwait's economy starting in the late 1920s. International trading was one of Kuwait's main sources of income before oil. Kuwaiti merchants were mostly intermediary merchants. As a result of European decline of demand for goods from India and Africa, the economy of Kuwait suffered. The decline in international trade resulted in an increase in gold smuggling by Kuwaiti ships to India. Some Kuwaiti merchant families became rich due to gold smuggling to India.
Kuwait's pearling industry also collapsed as a result of the worldwide economic depression. At its height, Kuwait's pearling industry led the world's luxury market, regularly sending out between 750 and 800 ship vessels to meet the European elite's need for luxuries pearls. During the economic depression, luxuries like pearls were in little demand. The Japanese invention of cultured pearls also contributed to the collapse of Kuwait's pearling industry.
Following the Kuwait–Najd War of 1919-1920, Ibn Saud imposed a tight trade blockade against Kuwait from the years 1923 until 1937. The goal of the Saudi economic and military attacks on Kuwait was to annex as much of Kuwait's territory as possible. At the Uqair conference in 1922, the boundaries of Kuwait and Najd were set. Kuwait had no representative at the Uqair conference. Ibn Saud persuaded Sir Percy Cox to give him two-thirds of Kuwait's territory. More than half of Kuwait was lost due to Uqair. After the Uqair conference, Kuwait was still subjected to a Saudi economic blockade and intermittent Saudi raiding.
In 1937, Freya Stark wrote about the extent of poverty in Kuwait at the time:
Some prominent merchant families left Kuwait in the early 1930s due to the prevalence of economic hardship. At the time of the discovery of oil in 1937, most of Kuwait's inhabitants were impoverished.
Mubarak the Great.
Mubarak's seizure of the throne via murder left his brother's former allies as a threat to his rule, especially as his opponents gained the backing of the Ottomans. In July, Mubarak invited the British to deploy gunboats along the Kuwaiti coast. Britain saw Mubarak's desire for an alliance as an opportunity to counteract German influence in the region and so agreed. This led to what is known as the First Kuwaiti Crisis, in which the Ottomans demanded that the British stop interfering within what they believed to be was their sphere of influence. In the end, the Ottoman Empire backed down, rather than go to war.
In January 1899, Mubarak signed an agreement with the British which pledged that Kuwait would never cede any territory nor receive agents or representatives of any foreign power without the British Government's consent. In essence, this policy gave Britain control of Kuwait's foreign policy. The treaty also gave Britain responsibility for Kuwait's national security. In return, Britain agreed to grant an annual subsidy of 15,000 Indian rupees (£1,500) to the ruling family. In 1911, Mubarak raised taxes. Therefore, three wealthy business men Ibrahim Al-Mudhaf, Helal Al-Mutairi, and Shamlan Ali bin Saif Al-Roumi (brother of Hussain Ali bin Saif Al-Roumi), led a protest against Mubarak by making Bahrain their main trade point, which negatively affected the Kuwaiti economy. However, Mubarak went to Bahrain and apologized for raising taxes and the three business men returned to Kuwait. In 1915, Mubarak the Great died and was succeeded by his son Jaber II Al-Sabah, who reigned for just over one year until his death in early 1917. His brother Sheikh Salim Al-Mubarak Al-Sabah succeeded him.
Anglo-Ottoman convention.
Despite the Kuwaiti government's desire to either be independent or under British protection, in the Anglo-Ottoman Convention of 1913, the British concurred with the Ottoman Empire in defining Kuwait as an "autonomous caza" of the Ottoman Empire and that the Shaikhs of Kuwait were independent leaders, as well as"qaimmaqams" (provincial sub-governors) of the Ottoman government. The independence of Kuwait was also highlighted by the statement made by Sheikh Mubarak Al-Sabah to the German team who requested an audience with him over the extension of the Berlin-Baghdad railway to Kuwait in which Mubarak said that he would not sell or rent any piece of his land to a foreigner, and that he did not acknowledge the authority of the Ottomans over Kuwait.
The convention ruled that Shaikh Mubarak had independent authority over an area extending out to a radius of 80 km, from the capital. This region was marked by a red circle and included the islands of Auhah, Bubiyan, Failaka, Kubbar, Mashian, and Warba. A green circle designated an area extending out an additional 100 km, in radius, within which the "qaimmaqam" was authorized to collect tribute and taxes from the natives.
History as a Protected State of Britain.
Kuwait–Najd War (1919-1920).
The Kuwait-Najd War erupted in the Aftermath of World War I, when the Ottoman Empire was defeated and the British invalidated the Anglo-Ottoman Convention, declaring Kuwait to be an "independent sheikhdom under British protectorate". The power vacuum, left by the fall of the Ottomans, sharpened the conflict between Kuwait and Najd (Ikhwan). The war resulted in sporadic border clashes throughout 1919-1920. Several hundreds of Kuwaitis died. 
The border of the Nejd and Kuwait was finally established by the Uqair Protocol of 1922. Kuwait was not permitted any role in the Uqair agreement, the British and Al Saud decided modern-day Kuwait's borders. Kuwait lost more than 2/3rds of its territory due to Uqair. After the Uqair agreement, relations between Kuwait and Najd remained hostile.
Battle of Jahra.
The Battle of Jahra was a battle during the Kuwait-Najd Border War. The battle took place in Al Jahra, west of Kuwait City on October 10, 1920 between Salim Al-Mubarak Al-Sabah ruler of Kuwait and Ikhwan followers of Ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia, king of Saudi Arabia.
A force of 4000 Saudi Ikhwan, led by Faisal Al-Dawish, attacked the Kuwait Red Fort at Al-Jahra, defended by 2000 Kuwaiti men. The Kuwaitis were largely outnumbered by the Ikhwan of Najd.
The Uqair protocol.
In response to the various Bedouin raids, the British High Commissioner in Baghdad, Sir Percy Cox, imposed the Uqair Protocol of 1922 which defined the boundaries between Iraq, Kuwait and Nejd. On 1 April 1923, Shaikh Ahmad al-Sabah wrote the British Political Agent in Kuwait, Major John More, "I still do not know what the border between Iraq and Kuwait is, I shall be glad if you will kindly give me this information." More, upon learning that al-Sabah claimed the outer green line of the Anglo-Ottoman Convention (4 April), would relay the information to Sir Percy.
On 19 April, Sir Percy stated that the British government recognized the outer line of the Convention as the border between Iraq and Kuwait. This decision limited Iraq's access to the Persian Gulf at 58 km of mostly marshy and swampy coastline. As this would make it difficult for Iraq to become a naval power (the territory did not include any deepwater harbours), the Iraqi King Faisal I (whom the British installed as a puppet king in Iraq) did not agree to the plan. However, as his country was under British mandate, he had little say in the matter. Iraq and Kuwait would formally ratify the border in August. The border was re-recognized in 1932.
In 1913, Kuwait was recognized as a separate province from Iraq and given autonomy under Ottoman suzerainty in the draft Anglo-Ottoman Convention, however this was not signed before the outbreak of the first World War. The border was revisited by a memorandum sent by the British high commissioner for Iraq in 1923, which became the basis for Kuwait's northern border. In Iraq's 1932 application to the League of Nations it included information about its borders, including its border with Kuwait, where it accepted the boundary established in 1923.
1920s–1940s.
Kuwait was recognized as a separate province from Iraq and given autonomy under Ottoman suzerainty in the draft Anglo-Ottoman Convention, however this was not signed before the outbreak of the first World War. The border was revisited by a memorandum sent by the British high commissioner for Iraq in 1923, which became the basis for Kuwait's northern border. In Iraq's 1932 application to the League of Nations it included information about its borders, including its border with Kuwait, where it accepted the boundary established in 1923.
The 1920s and 1930s saw the collapse of the pearl fishery and with it Kuwait's economy. This is attributed to the invention of the artificial cultivation of pearls.
The discovery of oil in Kuwait, in 1938, revolutionized the sheikdom's economy and made it a valuable asset to Britain. In 1941 on the same day as the German invasion of the USSR (22 June) the British took total control over Iraq and Kuwait. (The British and Soviets would invade the neighboring Iran in September of that year).

</doc>
<doc id="36567282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567282" title="Georgios Achilleos">
Georgios Achilleos

Georgios Achilleos (born December 24, 1980) is a Cypriot sports shooter and past World Champion. He won the gold medal in Skeet Shooting at the 2007 World Championships and a silver medal in the 2009 World Championships. He also won the gold medal in Skeet Shooting Men’s team event at the 2007 World Championships.
He has represented Cyprus in the 2000 Summer Olympic Games ranking 23rd, 2004 Athens Olympic Games ranking 9th and 2008 Beijing Olympic Games where he ranked 5th. At the 2012 Olympic Games in London he finished in 11th place. 
He was the flag bearer for Cyprus at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36567283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567283" title="Jonathan Paget">
Jonathan Paget

Jonathan "Jock" Paget (born 17 November 1983) is a New Zealand equestrian who won a bronze medal in Team eventing at the 2012 Summer Olympics. In 2013 he became only the second rider to win the Badminton Horse Trials on debut after fellow New Zealander Mark Todd.
Early life.
Paget was born in Wellsford before moving to Sydney, Australia in 1986. After completing his education he undertook an apprenticeship as a bricklayer and began riding at age 18. He went to rodeo school and applied for a working pupil role with Australian event rider Kevin McNab in Tamborine, Queensland. Under McNab's tutelage Paget progressed from never having jumped a fence, to competing at three-star level eventing in less than two years. After working for McNab for three years, he went to Sydney in 2006 to set up a business producing and competing horses. However, the 2007 Australian equine influenza outbreak near Sydney in August resulted in all horse movements being halted on much of the east coast of Australia.
With no ability to ride in Australia, Paget was invited by Frances Stead, a former Auckland businesswoman and strong supporter of New Zealand eventing riders and horses, to return to New Zealand in September 2007 to become the principal rider at her Clifton Eventers base at Muriwai, north-west of Auckland.
Competitive career.
He competed on "Clifton Promise" (a 16.3hh Bay NZTB Gelding, born 2 November 1998) in April 2010 in their first CCI****, the Rolex Kentucky Three Day, where he finished in 27th place. In June 2010, Paget and "Clifton Promise" went to the United Kingdom to prepare for the 2010 FEI World Equestrian Games (WEG). Held in Kentucky in October, the pair finished seventh.
Whilst "Clifton Promise" returned to the UK, Paget returned to New Zealand to compete in their Spring season on several other Clifton horses, returning to his Surrey base in the UK in February 2011. Frances Stead sent several more young horses to the UK for Paget to compete in the Spring season there, including "Clifton Razz", "Clifton Signature", "Clifton Cognac" and later "Clifton Dickara".
Since his move to be based in Surrey, England, Paget has worked closely with fellow New Zealanders Mark Todd and Andrew Nicholson, as well as the UK-based New Zealand Eventing Coach, Erik Duvander. In March 2011, he took over the ride of "Clifton Lush" from fellow New Zealand rider, Joe Meyer.
In October 2013 Paget was suspended from national and international competitions after his horse Clifton Promise tested positive for reserpine, a banned substance. Paget later said he had no idea how the drug – a sedative – came to be in his horse, and vowed to clear his name with a B sample test.

</doc>
<doc id="36567285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567285" title="Online School for Girls">
Online School for Girls

The Online School for Girls (OSG) was founded in 2009 with the mission to "provide an exceptional all-girls educational experience by connecting girls worldwide through relevant and engaging coursework in a dynamic online learning community."
The School is guided by four principles for learning:
In 2013, the School published a Whitepaper on its approach to teaching and learning -- a comprehensive and exhaustively researched report on how girls learn best online: http://schoolpress.cdn.whipplehill.net/osfg531/1/files/unattached/OSG-Whitepaper-The-Online-School-for-Girls-Approach-to-Teaching-and-Learning-February-2013.pdf
The School has grown in size dramatically since its founding, doubling in growth of online courses for girls in each of its first four years. Though growing dramatically, the School has been cited as an exemplar within the field of online learning by many organizations, including the National Association of Independent Schools (NAIS) in their Stories of Excellence: Case Studies of Blended and Fully Online Learning.
The School also has an extensive professional development program that engages faculty from around the world in online and blended learning, and in research on girls education.
Consortium Schools.
The member schools are: Atlanta Girls' School in Atlanta, Georgia, Ellis School in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Harpeth Hall School in Nashville, Tennessee, Holton-Arms School in Bethesda, Maryland, Hockaday School in Dallas, Texas, Laurel School in Cleveland, Ohio, Marlborough School in Los Angeles, California, Miss Porter's School in Farmington, Connecticut, School of the Holy Child in Rye, New York, St. Mary's Episcopal School in Memphis, Tennessee, St. Paul's School for Girls in Baltimore, Maryland, and Westover School in Middlebury, Connecticut
Affiliated School Include: Academy of the Sacred Heart (LA), Archer School for Girls (CA), Agnes Irwin School (PA), Bryn Mawr School (MD), Buffalo Academy of the Sacred Heart (NY), Buffalo Seminary (NY), Campbell Hall (CA), Castilleja School (CA), Chapin School (NY), Columbus School for Girls (OH), Connelly School of the Holy Child (MD), Convent of the Sacred Heart (CA), Convent of the Sacred Heart (CT), Convent of the Visitation (MN), Dana Hall School (MA), Emma Willard School (NY), Ethel Walker School (CT), Flint Hill School (VA), Forest Ridge School of the Sacred Heart (WA), Foxcroft School (VA), Garrison Forest School (MD), Georgetown Visitation (DC), Girls Preparatory School (TN), Grier School (PA), Hathaway Brown School (OH), Hutchison School (TN), Institute of Notre Dame (MD), Kenston School District (OH), Kent Place School (NJ), Lauralton Hall (CT), Linden Hall (PA), La Pietra Hawaii School for Girls (HI), Lincoln School (RI), Louise S. McGehee School (LA), Louisville High Scholl (CA), Madeira School (VA), Maret School (DC), Marymount High School (CA), Marymount School (NY), Mount Saint Mary Academy (NJ), Newton Country Day School of the Sacred Heart (MA), Nightingale-Bamford School (NY), Oak Knoll School of the Holy Child (NJ), Pennington School (NJ), Purnell School (NJ), Roland Park Country School (MD), Sacred Hearts Academy (HI), Sacred Heart Academy (CT), St. Agnes Academy (TN), St. Andrew’s Priory (HI), St. Catherine’s (VA), St. Cecilia Academy (TN), St. Mary’s Academy (CO), St. Mary’s School (NC), St. Margaret’s School (VA), St. Teresa’s Academy (MO), Santa Catalina School (CA), Seattle Girls’ School (WA), Stuart Country Day School (NJ), Trinity Hall (NJ), Ursuline Academy (TX), Ursuline School (NY), Westridge School (CA), Winsor School (MA), Yeshiva Girls High School (CA)

</doc>
<doc id="36567289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567289" title="List of state leaders in 445 BC">
List of state leaders in 445 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36567293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567293" title="Caroline Powell">
Caroline Powell

Caroline Powell (born 14 March 1973) is a New Zealand equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she won the bronze medal in Team eventing. She was born in Lower Hutt, New Zealand and currently lives in Kelso, Scotland.
Powell has represented New Zealand in two Olympic Games and two World Games, where she won a bronze team medal in 2010. Also in 2010, she won the Burghley Horse Trials.

</doc>
<doc id="36567296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567296" title="Alena Tseliapushkina">
Alena Tseliapushkina

Alena Tseliapushkina is a Belarusian equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567299" title="Aliaksandr Faminou">
Aliaksandr Faminou

Aliaksandr Faminou is a Belarusian equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567303" title="Andrei Korshunov">
Andrei Korshunov

Andrei Korshunov is a Russian equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36567307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567307" title="Mikhail Nastenko">
Mikhail Nastenko

Mikhail Nastenko is a Russian equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567309" title="Williams Way, Gibraltar">
Williams Way, Gibraltar

Williams Way is a tunnel through the eastern part of the Rock of Gibraltar. 
Description.
It is one of two tunnels in Gibraltar named after Lt Col A R O Williams, of 178 Tunnelling Company, Royal Engineers. Arthur Robert Owen Williams (1905-1989) was known as "ARO". He had trained as a miner in South Africa and was in charge of tunneling operation in Gibraltar during World War II. When he left the army he was also given an OBE. Williams also gave his name to Arow Street which is a tunnel entirely inside the rock.
The tunnel's entrance starts at Catalan Bay Road and exits at Sir Herbert Miles Road. It was built in 1942 to bypass a landslide which was triggered by a large detonation of explosives during quarrying operations. The landslide completely blocked off the road to Catalan Bay Village. This tunnel also provides access to MacFarlane's Gallery and during 1944/1945 was used to provide an entrance to a fuel storage area known as Project 'C'. 
On 1 October 2012 a fire occurred inside the tunnel in a disused control room which took two hours to extinguish. 

</doc>
<doc id="36567310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567310" title="Harald Ambros">
Harald Ambros

Harald Ambros, born 19 March 1980, is an Austrian equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567312" title="Alexander Peternell">
Alexander Peternell

Alexander Peternell (born 11 February 1981) is a South African equestrian.
2012 London Olympics.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, Peternell competed in the Individual eventing. Peternell was not initially selected for his national team. Paul Hart was originally chosen to represent South Africa in the games. Peternell appealed on the grounds that Hart had placed 278 places below Peternell in the FEI rankings. On July 23, 2012, the Court of Arbitration for Sport(CAS) ruled that South Africa should have chosen Peternell as their representative. South Africa replied by stating they would not send anyone. A second appeal was filed by Peternell leading to the ruling by the CAS that would require South Africa to send Peternell as their representative.

</doc>
<doc id="36567315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567315" title="Keith Mills (footballer)">
Keith Mills (footballer)

Keith David Mills (born 29 December 1942 in Egham, Surrey) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a right half.

</doc>
<doc id="36567317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567317" title="Dick Richards (cricketer)">
Dick Richards (cricketer)

Dick Stanley Richards (10 September 1908 – 13 November 1995) was an English cricketer. Mathews was a right-handed batsman who bowled slow left-arm orthodox. He was born at Bognor, Sussex.
Richards made his first-class debut for Sussex against Worcestershire in the 1927 County Championship at the County Ground, Hove. He made seventeen further first-class appearances for the county, the last of which came against Surrey in the 1935 County Championship at The Saffrons, Eastbourne. In his eighteen first-class appearances for the county, he scored 220 runs at an average of 10.00, with a high score of 23. With the ball, he bowled a total of 63 overs, but took just a single wicket, that of Surrey's Stan Squires, in what was Richards' final first-class appearance. He scored 1, 3, 0, 5, 2, 23, 12, 0 and 2 in his next innings. He then scored 2. etc
Outside of playing, Richards also stood as an umpire in four first-class matches from 1932 to 1934. He also stood in 55 Minor Counties Championship matches from 1953 to 1964. He died at Worthing, Sussex, on 13 November 1995. His brother-in-law, Jim Parks, played Test cricket for England, while Henry Parks, also his brother-in-law, played first-class cricket, as did his great-nephew, Bobby Parks. His nephew, Jim Parks, Jr., played Test cricket for England.

</doc>
<doc id="36567318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567318" title="Ronald Zabala-Goetschel">
Ronald Zabala-Goetschel

Ronald Zabala-Goetschel is an Ecuadorian equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567320" title="List of state leaders in 444 BC">
List of state leaders in 444 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36567325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567325" title="Tiana Coudray">
Tiana Coudray

Tiana Coudray (born 8 August 1988 in Santa Barbara) is an American equestrian and dancer. Her usual horse is "Ringwood Magister", but she has also ridden "Ravens Choice" and especially "Saxon Legacy" several times. She entered eventing at the Barbury International on 7 July 2011, finishing in 15th place. On 8 September 2011 she finished in 2nd place at the Blenheim Palace International. At Ascott in June 2012 she rode "Saxon Legacy" to finish 3rd in the BE100 Open and rode "Ravens Choice" to finish 29th in the BE100. 
At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Individual eventing, finishing in 40th place on the "Ringwood Magister", with a score of 88.60 and in the Mixed Three-Day Event, Team in which her team finished 7th. After the Olympics she won the Novice competition at Solihull on 18 August 2010 on "Saxon Legacy", and finished 9th on 14 September at the Gatcombe International on the same horse.
In dancing, as of 2012, Coudray has competed in five Irish Dancing World Championships; her highest finish is 8th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36567327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567327" title="Bernard Kelly (American politician)">
Bernard Kelly (American politician)

Bernard Kelly (born c. 1823 New York City) was an American politician from New York.
Life.
He married Hannah Ann Doxey (d. 1902). He was for two terms Superintendent of Wharves, Piers and Slips.
As a Democrat, he was a member of the New York State Senate (5th D.) in 1860 and 1861; and an Alderman of New York City (12th D.) in 1864 and 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="36567328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567328" title="Janet Brennan Croft">
Janet Brennan Croft

Janet Brennan Croft (born 1961) is an American author and editor. She is Head of Access Services and professor at University of Oklahoma. Croft has published a number of works on library science, but she is mostly involved in academic research on J. R. R. Tolkien.
Academic career.
Croft earned a Bachelor of Arts in English and Classical Civilization (double major) from University of Indiana in 1982 and graduated as a Master of Library Science in 1983 at the Indiana University School of Library and Information. She has worked at the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh and has been director and associate professor at Warden Memorial Library, Martin Methodist College. She became the Head of Access Services at Bizzell Memorial Library, University of Oklahoma, in 2001 and was given associate professorship in 2007. Her research interests focus on copyright laws concerning libraries and the work of J. R. R. Tolkien and other fantasy authors. This includes several academic lectures on Tolkien that she has held at University of Oklahoma.
Since 2006 she is the editor of "Mythlore", a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Mythopoeic Society. Among general publications on mythology and fantasy it focuses on the three most prominent members of the Inklings: J. R. R. Tolkien, C. S. Lewis, and Charles Williams. She is credited as "Tolkien Scholar" in Peter Jackson's "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey."

</doc>
<doc id="36567330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567330" title="William Coleman (equestrian)">
William Coleman (equestrian)

William Coleman is an American equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567336" title="Yoshiaki Oiwa">
Yoshiaki Oiwa

Yoshiaki Oiwa is a Japanese equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the individual eventing. and team eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567341" title="Kenki Sato">
Kenki Sato

Kenki Sato (, "Satō Kenki"; born 11 July 1984 in Ogawa, Nagano prefecture, Japan is a Japanese equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing and reached 12th place.
Personal life.
Kenki is a member of a Japanese family of equestrians and Buddhist priests. He was born and raised in the secluded mountain village of Ogawa, in the temple compound Myōshō-ji (明松寺). A Buddhist priest himself, Kenki later studied law at Meiji University, Tokyo.
Family Tradition.
Kenki has been riding horses since he was seven years old. During his childhood, his home village was very isolated and largely inaccessible by car. Most transportation was done by horse. Kenki's father Shōdō () is the abbot of the local temple and also an equestrian. He was nominated as a member of Japan's equestrian team for the 1980 Moscow Olympics, but was unable to compete due to the boycott of the games by Japan. Most members of the Sato family are internationally competing equestrians. Kenki's brother Eiken (), also a priest, was a member of Japan's equestrian team of the 2008 Summer Olympics. His sister Tae () is a five-time winner of national equestrian competitions.
Equestrian career.
Kenki passed on the opportunity to compete in the 2008 Summer Olympics in order to complete his ordination as a zen priest.
In 2010, he joined the stable of German Olympic equestrian Dirk Schrade in order to prepare for the 2012 Summer Olympics. Since summer 2011 he has been training with 2012 Olympic gold medalist, European and world champion Michael Jung. Kenki's wife Kiyo has moved to Germany with her husband, where she takes care of his horses "Chippieh" and "Toy Boy".
Kenki competed in the 16th Asian Games in Guangzhou, China, where he won a gold medal.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics he reached 15th place with his horse "Chippieh" after the dressage portion. During the cross-country portion however, his horse fell, ending the competition for Kenki. Japan ultimately reached 12th place overall.
Kenki had stated that after the 2012 games he is planning to stay in Germany until winter and to return to Japan afterwards. According to Michael Jung's father however, these plans have changed: Kenki will thus continue to stay in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="36567343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567343" title="Atsushi Negishi">
Atsushi Negishi

Atsushi Negishi is a Japanese equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567344" title="Serguei Fofanoff">
Serguei Fofanoff

Serguei Fofanoff is a Brazilian equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the individual and team eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567345" title="Marcelo Tosi">
Marcelo Tosi

Marcelo Tosi (born 14 August 1969) is a Brazilian equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual and Team eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567349" title="Ruy Fonseca">
Ruy Fonseca

Ruy Fonseca is a Brazilian equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the individual and team eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567351" title="MTV Channel">
MTV Channel

MTV Channel (Pvt) Ltd is a Sri Lankan media company which owns three national television channels - MTV Sports, Shakthi TV and Sirasa TV. It also owns the Hit TV, News1st and Ethalaya.com. The company was established in 1992 as joint venture between Capital Maharaja and Singapore Telecommunications. Singapore Telecommunications sold its share in the company to Gregson Holdings Ltd in 1998. Later International Media Management invested in the company.

</doc>
<doc id="36567356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567356" title="Nina Ligon">
Nina Ligon

Nina Lamsam Ligon is a Thai Olympic equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Individual eventing. She is the first woman from an Asian nation to compete in Olympic Eventing.
Biography.
Nina is a dual US and Thai citizen, who has competed for both flags as a junior. When she turned 18, she elected to represent Thailand. In 2007, at the age of 15, Nina and her horse Pacific Storm competed on the (NAJYRC)US Junior Olympics team. They had a dramatic & heartbreaking near miss at “gold”, when Nina had a stop and fall at the very last fence. Later that year the pair went on to win the Individual and Team Gold medals for Thailand at the Southeast Asian Games in Thailand. Nina became both the youngest rider and the first woman to win an individual equestrian gold medal for Thailand. She was named 2007 Thai Rider of the Year. At the 2010 Asian Games in China, Nina and Chai Thai led the Thai team to Team Silver. They led after dressage and cross-country but one rail down each in the team and the individual show jumping rounds dropped them to 4th place individually. Nina and her teammate Terri Impson were the first women ever to win Eventing Medals at the ASIAN GAMES. Nina’s medals from both the SEA and ASIAN GAMES earned her the right with the Thai Olympic Council to pursue 2012 Olympic qualification. Nina has received two royal medals from the King of Thailand for outstanding service to the country.
In 2010 Nina was named the Best Young Rider (Under 21) in the USA. To our complete amazement, Nina won the Best Young Rider for a second consecutive year, sweeping all Advanced, Intermediate and Preliminary Leaderboards in 2011. She was also ranked the #2 Lady Rider and #7 Overall Rider in the USA. She then capped the year by winning the prestigious FEI HSBC Rising Star award, “given to one under 21 years old rider worldwide and across all riding disciplines, for outstanding talent and commitment.” She was # 38 on the FEI World ranking list on March 1, 2012, when Olympic individual slots were announced.
Nina started riding at the age of five, trained intensively and competed on weekends through high school. She is a graduate “B” Ponyclubber. Her trainer was Kim Severson, a US Olympic silver medalist and three times winner of the Rolex Kentucky Four Star. Nina did dressage training with Gerd Zuther. She has done jumping clinics with Katie Prudent and Bruce Davidson.
Nina graduated cum laude from Collegiate high school in 2010 and received early acceptance to Stanford University with permission to defer for 2 years to pursue 2012 Olympic Qualification. In February 2011, Nina successfully moved up to the three star level. She and Fernhill Fearless placed third at their first National 3 Star Competition, going double clean in both cross country and show jumping, and finishing on their dressage score. Then on a very wet weekend at Fairhill in April, they won at their first CIC*** (short format) and were second at their first CCI *** (long format) @ Jersey Fresh. Hence the pair met the Minimum Eligibility Requirement to compete at the London Olympics 2012. In order to earn an individual slot for the Olympics, Nina needed to earn more points & stay within the TOP 13 riders on the FEI Olympic Athletes ranking (not including riders from nations like USA, Great Britain, Germany that will compete as a team). So continued a grueling point chasing journey for Nina and her horses across USA and Europe.
Nina’s quest to turn a far fetched childhood Olympic dream into reality exceeded all expectations. She was invited to compete at the LONDON TEST EVENT in June 2011. Since she had to travel to the UK, Nina took the opportunity to compete for points in Europe. Her win on Jazz King at Pardubice in the Czech Republic and 2nd place on Tipperary Liadhnan at Poplar Place, USA, boosted her ranking. But the unrelenting race to earn the precious few slots for the London Olympics continued till the bitter end on March 1, 2012. Instead of letting her horses down as she would normally do over the winter, Nina forged on point chasing. Her decisive win on Butts Leon at Poplar Place in February 2012 solidified her position on the Olympic Athletes ranking and she sat back to wait for the official announcement. On March 1, 2010, the FEI announced that Thailand has earned its spot to compete at the Olympics in Individual Eventing. For the 2008 Hongkong Olympics, 100 points earned a slot; for the London Olympics, at least 200 points were needed. Nina earn 228 points and was #36 in World ranking at the time.
2011 was an amazing year of growth & success for Nina. Thanks to her 4 upper level horses, her coaches and dedicated support team, Nina quickly became a confirmed and competitive international three star rider. She qualified 4 horses for the Olympics! After a month and half of much deserved rest for the horses, she moved them to the UK to prepare for the Games. The unprecedented wet weather in the UK caused havoc to Nina’s Olympic preparation schedule, but she managed to compete at a few big international shows including Houghton Hall, Bramham and Barbury Castle. Based on performance and soundness, Nina declared Butts Leon as her Olympic horse, and Jazz King as the spare. Nina and Butts Leon put in a polished performance to finish 41st out of 74 competitors. The youngest eventer at London 2012 & the first female eventer from Asia to compete at the OLYMPICS.
Facts on Military, Women and Eventing.
1) HISTORY AS A MALE MILITARY DISCIPLINE AND SPORT:
Eventing is descended from the earliest days of cavalry preparation. The Greek historian and soldier Xenophon documented a system of obedience and maneuverability drills developed by the ancient Greeks to train cavalry horses for battle. In particular, the skills required for a cavalry messenger to successfully deliver a message through enemy lines were those that became the basis of Eventing competition: of control, athleticism (jumping and speed), and endurance. The first mention of competitions involving these skills was in the 17th Century, among the Swedish Royal Cavalry. Riders were instructed ”When jumping a fence, the rider should grab the mane, close his eyes, and shout ‘HEY’ ”
In 1902, the French created the first “four phase” competition, which was open only to their Cavalry officers, involving dressage, showjumping, steeplechase, and endurance. This became the basis for Eventing when it was introduced in the Stockholm Olympics in 1912. The competition, known in French as “Concours Complet d’Equitation” (“Complete Equestrian Competition”), was open only to male cavalry officers mounted on military chargers. Eventing was opened to both civilians and non-commissioned cavalry officers in the 1952 Helsinki Olympics. For most of the first half of the 20th Century, most of the world’s military powers maintained full cavalry school facilities programs designed to produce riders for the Olympics. Eventing was always considered the height of military equestrian accomplishment. Even today, several Armed Forces still maintain military support for competitive eventing programs, including Italy, Ireland, France, Austria, etc.
Reference
The Army Equestrian Olympic Team by Major Louis A. DeMarco : the article gives a history of the US Army participation in Olympic equestrian sports.
2) WOMEN IN EVENTING:
The first women began riding the other equestrian disciplines of dressage and showjumping in 1952, with Lis Hartle of Denmark becoming the first woman to win an Olympic medal, winning Silver in Dressage in Helsinki.
Eventing, however, remained an all-male sport until the 1964 Tokyo Olympics, when Helena DuPont broke the barrier by riding for the US Team, which captured a Silver team medal.
Women have played an increasingly important role in Olympic Eventing as time has gone on. Since the first two women won individual medals in 1984 (Karen Stives, US, Silver; and Virginia Holgate, GB, Bronze), women have won a total of 8 of the 21 Individual medals awarded, and 4 of 6 in the last two Olympics in Athens and Beijing. Nina’s coach, Kim Severson, is one of the 4 women to win an Individual Silver medal (Athens, 2004). No woman has yet to win the Individual Gold medal in Eventing, however. Bettina Hoy of Germany initially won the Individual Gold in Athens in 2004, but it was retracted after an extended court case concluded she had violated a technical rule during the showjumping phase and was disqualified.
41 women have also won Team medals since 1964, including 8 who have won team Gold; in the last 3 Olympics (Sydney, Athens, Beijing), women have been roughly 50% of the winning team mix, winning 19 of the 42 Team medals awarded;
All of the female team medal winners have come from one of 6 perennially “powerhouse” equestrian nations: Great Britain, US, Germany, New Zealand, Australia, and Italy. All of the individual medals have gone to women from Great Britain, US, or New Zealand.
In Beijing, 28 of the 75 Eventing competitors were women; 6 of the top 10 final places went to women.
3) ASIANS IN EQUESTRIAN SPORT:
Of the approximately 3,300 equestrian competitors in the Olympics since 1912, 150 have come from South and East Asia. 98 of these were from Japan, and 30 from Korea. The others have come from China (6); Cambodia (2); Hong Kong (4); India (6); Philippines (3); and Thailand (1). Middle Eastern countries, sometimes counted as “Asian”, have sent another 31 riders, 13 each from Egypt and Saudi Arabia, 3 from Jordan, and 1 each from UAE and Lebanon.
Asians have won only one equestrian medal in the 100 years:
- Japan, Gold in Showjumping, Los Angeles, 1932; Baron Takeishi Nishi of the Imperial Japanese Army (portrayed as a major character in the Clint Eastwood film “Letters From Iwo Jima”; a favorite of the Hollywood set of the day including Mary Pickford and Douglas Fairbanks)
- Saudi rider Khalid al-Eid also won a bronze in showjumping in Sydney 2000.
4) ASIAN WOMEN IN EQUESTRIAN SPORTS:
Only 1 Asian, and 2 Middle Eastern, women have ever competed in the Olympics in any discipline:
-Liu Lina, China, Dressage, Beijing, 2000
-Princess Haya bint al Hussein, Jordan, showjumping, Sydney 2000; (she is now President of FEI, International Equestrian Federation; and junior wife of the Emir of Dubai, UAE)
-Sheika Latifa al Maktoum, UAE, Showjumping, Beijing, 2000 (Daughter of the Emir, by a different wife)
5) NINA RUJIRAPORN LAMSAM LIGON:
No Asian woman has ever qualified to compete in Olympic Eventing prior to Nina Lamsam Ligon.
At 20 years, 9.5 months at the time of the Olympics, Nina will be one of the youngest women to ever qualify for Eventing; she is the youngest individual qualifying this time. She was also the first woman to ever win medals in the Southeast Asian Games (2007) and the Asian Games (2010).
Nina ranked 10th in points among the 20 individuals winning Olympic individual spots for their nations. Ten of the other qualifiers have competed in the Olympics at least once (6 of them finished below Nina in points), and several have multiple times; ten are women, and ten are men.
Nina is currently ranked #38 in the HSBC World Eventing Ranking list; she is the only Asian Eventer ranked in the top 50; three others, all male, are ranked in the top 100; the Japanese qualified a team at the Asian Championships; Alex Hua Tian is on the individual wait list
Kenki Sato, Japan, #75
Yoshi Oiwa, Japnn, # 78
Alex Hua Tian, China, #94
She finished the qualifying year (March 1, 2011 to March 1, 2012) ranked #36 on the Olympic ranking list of all potential competitors (team and individual) worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="36567360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567360" title="Sandra Auffarth">
Sandra Auffarth

Sandra Auffarth (born December 27, 1986) is a German equestrian.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Individual eventing with "Opgun Louvo". Auffarth and "Opgun Louvo" had won team gold and individual bronze at the 2012 Summer Olympics. One year before, she had won team gold and individual silver with "Opgun Louvo" at her first senior rider championship - the 2011 European Eventing Championship.
She live in Ganderkesee, where she and her parents have a horse farm.

</doc>
<doc id="36567362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567362" title="Michael Jung (equestrian)">
Michael Jung (equestrian)

Michael Jung (born 31 July 1982 Bad Soden am Taunus, Germany) is a German equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in both the team and the individual eventing, winning both. On 31 July 2012, his 30th birthday, he made eventing history becoming the first rider to ever hold the Olympic, World and European championship titles at the same time.

</doc>
<doc id="36567365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567365" title="List of state leaders in 443 BC">
List of state leaders in 443 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36567367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567367" title="Andrew Heffernan">
Andrew Heffernan

Andrew Heffernan (born 18 June 1975, Hong Kong) is a Dutch equestrian, living in Nantwich, Cheshire. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing and team eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567369" title="Elaine Pen">
Elaine Pen

Elaine Pen (born 2 February 1990, Leiden is a Dutch equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567375" title="Éva Csernoviczki">
Éva Csernoviczki

Éva Csernoviczki (born 16 October 1986 in Tatabanya) is a Hungarian judoka. She became the first Hungarian woman to win an Olympic medal in judo, after getting the bronze in the Woman's Judo 48 kg in the 2012 Summer Olympics. 
Csernoviczki also earned a bronze medal at the 2011 World Judo Championships, and was silver in three straight European Judo Championships.
Her father, Csaba Csernovicki, coaches the female Hungarian judo team.

</doc>
<doc id="36567378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567378" title="Vittoria Panizzon">
Vittoria Panizzon

Vittoria Panizzon is an Italian equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567380" title="Stefano Brecciaroli">
Stefano Brecciaroli

Stefano Brecciaroli is an Italian equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567381" title="Paweł Spisak">
Paweł Spisak

Paweł Spisak (born September 29, 1981 in Koszalin) is a Polish equestrian. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Individual eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="36567382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567382" title="List of state leaders in 442 BC">
List of state leaders in 442 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36567384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567384" title="You've Got a Friend (disambiguation)">
You've Got a Friend (disambiguation)

"You've Got a Friend" is a 1971 friendship song originally written and performed by Carole King.
You've Got a Friend may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36567394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567394" title="Villain Accelerate">
Villain Accelerate

Villain Accelerate is a Canadian instrumental hip hop duo. It consists of underground hip hop artists Sixtoo and Stigg of the Dump. To date, the duo has released one album.
History.
Villain Accelerate released an album, "Maid of Gold", on Mush Records in 2003. It was praised by "The Milk Factory" as "a stunning debut, twisting the natural perspective of hip-hop to open new doors and invade new spaces."

</doc>
<doc id="36567401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567401" title="List of Swiss ice hockey champions">
List of Swiss ice hockey champions

The Swiss national championship in ice hockey has been contested in various forms since 1909.
History.
The Swiss National Championship was first contested in 1909, and continued until 1937, when it was replaced by the Nationalliga A. Due to World War I, it was not contested in the 1914 and 1915 seasons.
Between 1916 and 1933, alongside the Swiss National Championship, the Swiss International Championship was contested. Unlike the National Championship, which had restrictions on the number of foreigners allowed to play, an unlimited number of foreign players were allowed to compete in the International Championship.
Since the 1937-38 season, the Nationalliga A, now called the National League A, is established as the highest level league in Switzerland. In the 1985-86 season, the Swiss Champion was first awarded in the playoffs.
The women's national championship has been contested annually since 1987. The league is known as the Leistungsklasse A.

</doc>
<doc id="36567420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567420" title="Lanitz Aviation">
Lanitz Aviation

Lanitz Aviation is a German aircraft manufacturer based in Leipzig. The company specializes in the design and manufacture of aircraft fabric systems and in particular their Oratex material for model and ultralight aircraft. The company also has developed and produces three ultralight aircraft that were originally produced by British manufacturers Escapade Aircraft and The Light Aircraft Company.

</doc>
<doc id="36567427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567427" title="Fasci Autonomi d'Azione Rivoluzionaria">
Fasci Autonomi d'Azione Rivoluzionaria

The "Fasci Autonomi d'Azione Rivoluzionaria" (English: Autonomous Fasci of Revolutionary Action) was founded in November 1914 by Benito Mussolini. On 11 December 1914, the "Fasci Autonomi d'Azione Rivoluzionaria" and the "Fasci d'Azione Internazionalista" merged into the "Fasci d'Azione Rivoluzionaria" led by Mussolini.
Due to Mussolini's support of Italian intervention in the then-ongoing World War I, this enabled him to raise funds from Ansaldo (an armaments firm) and other companies to create the newspaper "Il Popolo d'Italia", first published in November 1914, to convince socialists and revolutionaries to support the war.

</doc>
<doc id="36567431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567431" title="List of state leaders in 441 BC">
List of state leaders in 441 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36567439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567439" title="Vallenilla">
Vallenilla

Vallenilla is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36567443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567443" title="Alan Morton (footballer born 1950)">
Alan Morton (footballer born 1950)

Alan Morton (born 13 April 1950 in Erith, Greater London) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a forward.
Alan holds the modern record for a single season goalscoring for Ashford Town, scoring 46 goals in 59 games in all competitions in 1972/73.
Morton played a total of 361 games for Woking in all competitions, scoring 178 goals. 

</doc>
<doc id="36567448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567448" title="Big Central Soccer Conference">
Big Central Soccer Conference

The Big Central Soccer Conference was a Division I soccer conference in the NCAA. It was originally known as the Big Central Six Soccer Conference. The founding members were Southern Illinois University Edwardsville (SIU Edwardsville or SIUE), Quincy College (now Quincy University), Marquette University, Northern Illinois University, and the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee (now athletically branded as "Milwaukee"), with the University of Cincinnati joining in 1988. Three of the founding members—Quincy, SIU Edwardsville, and Wisconsin–Milwaukee—were Division II schools that played Division I men's soccer (Milwaukee moved to Division I for all sports in 1990, and SIUE did the same in 2008). The conference existed from 1987 through 1990 with nine member schools in its short history. In 1991, the primary conferences of all but the two remaining Division II schools, SIU Edwardsville and Quincy, sponsored competition in men's soccer. Since only the two Division II schools had a need for the Big Central, the conference ceased to exist, and those two, Quincy and SIUE, joined the division II Great Lakes Valley Conference in all sports following a brief period as independents and two seasons in the Mid-Continent Conference.
Standings.
"Sources:"

</doc>
<doc id="36567449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567449" title="MBC Networks">
MBC Networks

MBC Networks (Pvt) Ltd is a Sri Lankan media company which owns four national radio stations - Shakthi FM, Sirasa FM, Yes FM and Y FM. The company was established in 1993 by the Capital Maharaja conglomerate.

</doc>
<doc id="36567453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567453" title="Vallerand">
Vallerand

Vallerand is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36567459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567459" title="José Antonio Castillo">
José Antonio Castillo

José Antonio Castillo Barragán (born 17 February 1970 in Granada, Andalusia) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36567461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567461" title="Marc-Olivier">
Marc-Olivier

Marc-Olivier is a masculine given name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36567465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567465" title="Lanitz">
Lanitz

Lanitz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36567469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567469" title="Platov family">
Platov family

Platov () was the name of noble family of Don Cossacks origin. Descendants of Count Matvei Ivanovich Platov.

</doc>
<doc id="36567470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567470" title="Dennis Ceylan">
Dennis Ceylan

Dennis Ceylan (born 3 March 1987, Aarhus, Denmark) is a Danish professional boxer. As an amateur he competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics as a bantamweight. In September 2012, Ceylan turned professional with Team Sauerland fighting at super featherweight. He currently has a record of 6-0 with 3 knockout wins.

</doc>
<doc id="36567472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567472" title="Lathrop Glacier">
Lathrop Glacier

Lathrop Glacier is in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range at an elevation generally above on the steep northeast slope of Mount Thielsen, an extinct shield volcano. Lathrop Glacier consists of two small bodies of ice, first discovered in 1966, and is the southernmost glacier in the state of Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="36567473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567473" title="Lepa Brena &amp; Slatki Greh">
Lepa Brena &amp; Slatki Greh

Lepa Brena & Slatki Greh is a compilation album by Bosnian singer Lepa Brena and her band Slatki Greh. It was released in 1990.
The album contains hit songs from three previous albums: "Pile moje" (1985), "Hajde da se volimo" (1987) and "Četiri godine" (1989). It is their first compilation album, the other being "Lepa Brena (The Best of – Dupli CD)" (2004).

</doc>
<doc id="36567478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567478" title="2001 Major League Lacrosse Collegiate Draft">
2001 Major League Lacrosse Collegiate Draft

2001 Collegiate Draft of Major League Lacrosse 

</doc>
<doc id="36567482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567482" title="Erwan">
Erwan

Erwan is a masculine Breton given name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36567486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567486" title="List of state leaders in 440 BC">
List of state leaders in 440 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36567492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567492" title="2002 Major League Lacrosse Collegiate Draft">
2002 Major League Lacrosse Collegiate Draft

2002 Collegiate Draft of Major League Lacrosse

</doc>
<doc id="36567494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567494" title="Billy Duffy (hurler)">
Billy Duffy (hurler)

William "Bill" Duffy (1931 – June 2005) was an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Galway senior team. 
Duffy made his first appearance for the team during the 1952 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement due to emigration after the 1955 championship. During that time he failed to win any silverware, however, he lined out against Cork in the 1953 All-Ireland final.
At club level Duffy began his club career with Meelick-Eyrecourt in Galway before later winning four county club championship medals with Brothers Pearse in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36567495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567495" title="Junior Castillo">
Junior Castillo

Junior Castillo (Born May 10, 1986 in Higüey) is a Dominican Republican boxer who competes as a middleweight. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he was defeated in the heats of the Men's middleweight by Anthony Ogogo.

</doc>
<doc id="36567499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567499" title="Miro Kwasnica">
Miro Kwasnica

Miro Kwasnica (born June 13, 1935) is a former educator, driving instructor and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Cut Knife from 1967 to 1975 and Cut Knife-Lloydminster from 1975 to 1978 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a New Democratic Party (NDP) member.
He was born in Wakaw, Saskatchewan, the son of Peter Kwasnica and Alice Bayers, both emigrants from Ukraine, and was educated there, at the Saskatoon Teacher's College and at the University of Saskatchewan. He settled in Lloydminster. In 1955, Kwasnica married Patricia Alice Guggenmos; the couple later divorced.

</doc>
<doc id="36567509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567509" title="Bob &amp; Doug McKenzie's Two-Four Anniversary">
Bob &amp; Doug McKenzie's Two-Four Anniversary

Bob & Doug McKenzie's Two-Four Anniversary was a one-hour Canadian entertainment special featuring the return of the popular SCTV characters, Bob & Doug McKenzie. Portrayed by Rick Moranis and Dave Thomas, the duo reunited one last time in a retrospective on the characters and their lasting impact on Canadian and American pop culture.
Overview.
The special aired May 20, 2007 on the CBC.
"A 25-year plus enduring Canadian franchise credited with defining a national identity. The loveable beer-drinking, back frying, toque-wearing original hosers trace their ascent to popularity following the release of their multiple award-winning, platinum selling album and highest grossing movie of 1983; reveal the fascinating stories of people whose lives were touched, affected or influenced by the extraordinary success of the McKenzie brothers; celebrate key milestones throughout the franchise's history and finally, reveal the men behind it all - Rick Moranis and Dave Thomas".
The program featured several wrap-around segments hosted by Rick Moranis and Dave Thomas as Bob & Doug McKenzie. The duo reunited to reprise the characters on the set of the Great White North, for the first time in over a decade. Several cut-aways included Canadian styled Biography segments, and interviews with many notable Canadians and comedians discussing the impact of the characters. This included former Prime Minister Paul Martin who introduced and closed the program bemoaning the image of Canadians the McKenzie brothers gave. Also featured was a reunion with Rush front-man, Geddy Lee, who was originally featured on the duo's "hit single," "Take Off".
This also marked the final time the characters would appear together in live-action form as related by Dave Thomas of the "Toronto Star".
Celebrity cameos.
Several celebrities interviewed in the program include:
Tom Cavanagh, Andy Dick, Paul Dooley, Dave Foley, Brian Gable, Tom Green, Matt Groening, Geddy Lee, Barry Pepper, Will Sasso, Paul Shaffer, Martin Short and Ben Stiller.
Home video release.
Re-edited by Dave Thomas himself, the special was released on DVD in an extended 94-minute version on November 20, 2007.
Also included are Bob and Doug's first appearances on "Saturday Night Live", the Juno Awards and the "Hoser Parade" in Toronto along with rare never-before-seen footage of the McKenzie Brothers.
Bonus Features also included: 7 classic "Great White North" sketches, Songs: "Take Off" & "Twelve Days of Christmas", Famous People Talking About Bob & Doug, Original McKenzie Commercials, Sounds of the Great White North, A Q&A with Bob and Doug and a free collectible bottle opener.

</doc>
<doc id="36567515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567515" title="Sobirjon Nazarov">
Sobirjon Nazarov

Sobirdzhon Nazarov is a Tajikistani boxer who competes as a middleweight. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he was defeated in the heats of the Men's middleweight by Mujandjae Kasuto.

</doc>
<doc id="36567516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567516" title="2003 Major League Lacrosse Collegiate Draft">
2003 Major League Lacrosse Collegiate Draft

2003 Collegiate Draft of Major League Lacrosse

</doc>
<doc id="36567520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567520" title="Blažo Jovanović Bridge">
Blažo Jovanović Bridge

Blažo Jovanović bridge (Montenegrin: "Most Blaža Jovanovića", Мост Блажа Јовановића) is a bridge across the Morača river in Podgorica, the capital city of Montenegro. The bridge is located near the confluence of Ribnica and Morača, and is part of the "Saint Peter of Cetinje boulevard". It is 115,20m long and 22,35m wide and is the city's busiest bridge.
History.
Most Blaža Jovanovića was constructed between 1948 and 1950. It was projected by the famous Serbian architect Branko Žeželj. The bridge was named after the Montenegrin national hero Blažo Jovanović. The bridge underwent a major reconstruction in 2008 and was officially re-opened in March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36567524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567524" title="2004 Major League Lacrosse Collegiate Draft">
2004 Major League Lacrosse Collegiate Draft

2004 Collegiate Draft of Major League Lacrosse

</doc>
<doc id="36567527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567527" title="Valletta (disambiguation)">
Valletta (disambiguation)

Valletta is the capital city of Malta.
Valletta may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36567532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567532" title="2005 Major League Lacrosse Collegiate Draft">
2005 Major League Lacrosse Collegiate Draft

2005 Collegiate Draft of Major League Lacrosse

</doc>
<doc id="36567534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567534" title="List of state leaders in 439 BC">
List of state leaders in 439 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36567541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567541" title="2006 Major League Lacrosse Collegiate Draft">
2006 Major League Lacrosse Collegiate Draft

2006 Collegiate Draft of Major League Lacrosse

</doc>
<doc id="36567542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567542" title="List of schools in Central Province, Sri Lanka">
List of schools in Central Province, Sri Lanka

The following is a list of schools in Central Province, Sri Lanka.
Nuwara Eliya District.
Provincial schools.
st.marys central college,Bogawantalawa

</doc>
<doc id="36567546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567546" title="2007 Major League Lacrosse Collegiate Draft">
2007 Major League Lacrosse Collegiate Draft

2007 Collegiate Draft of Major League Lacrosse

</doc>
<doc id="36567548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567548" title="Muideen Akanji">
Muideen Akanji

Muideen Akanji is a Nigerian boxer who competes as a middleweight. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he was defeated in the heats of the Men's middleweight by Darren O'Neill.

</doc>
<doc id="36567550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567550" title="List of schools in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka">
List of schools in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka

The following is a list of schools in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
Ampara District.
Private schools.
Sussex collage, Ampara
International schools.
Global Life International School, Ampara
Batticaloa District.
Private schools.
Unique international school,kattankudy-01.
Trincomalee District.
Private schools.
There are no private schools in Trincomalee District.

</doc>
<doc id="36567552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567552" title="2008 Major League Lacrosse Collegiate Draft">
2008 Major League Lacrosse Collegiate Draft

2008 Collegiate Draft of Major League Lacrosse

</doc>
<doc id="36567558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567558" title="2009 Major League Lacrosse Collegiate Draft">
2009 Major League Lacrosse Collegiate Draft

2009 Collegiate Draft of Major League Lacrosse

</doc>
<doc id="36567559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567559" title="Clay Garner">
Clay Garner

Gao Shan () is the Chinese stage name of American-born recording artist and internet star Clay Garner (born May 3, 1994 in Norwalk, Connecticut). He rose to fame in China on major websites such as Sina Weibo and Youku after uploading a series of self-produced original Chinese songs and covers to the web. His videos have received over 50 million views as of August 2012. In 2012 Clay was a cast member on a Beijing TV youth talk show. Clay writes songs in Chinese and English but also speaks Spanish. He currently attends Stanford University.

</doc>
<doc id="36567560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567560" title="Paul O'Berg">
Paul O'Berg

Paul J. O'Berg (born 18 May 1958 in Kingston upon Hull, Yorkshire) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36567561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567561" title="Stefan Härtel">
Stefan Härtel

Stefan Härtel (b. February 6, 1988) is a German amateur boxer who competes as a middleweight. 
At the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships´ he reached the third round where he lost 15:18 against Ryota Murata.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics he won the first round of the Men's middleweight (results) against unsung Puerto Rican Enrique Collazo then defeated Darren O'Neill.

</doc>
<doc id="36567566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567566" title="List of schools in North Central Province, Sri Lanka">
List of schools in North Central Province, Sri Lanka

The following is a list of schools in North Central Province, Sri Lanka.
Anuradhapura District.
Provincial schools.
There are 778 provincial Schools in North Central Province.
Visit http://www.edudept.nc.gov.lk/ for further information.

</doc>
<doc id="36567570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567570" title="List of World War II military service football teams">
List of World War II military service football teams

This List of World War II military service football teams includes all those top-level American football teams consisting of active duty military personnel of the United States Armed Forces which played against collegiate or professional opponents during the seasons 1942, 1943, or 1944.
Background.
During the years of World War II the American military saw a rapid expansion of its system of military bases as the number of young men skyrocketed through enlistment and conscription. Many of these included former collegiate and professional stars of the football gridiron. Some 19 active or former players of the National Football League would ultimately die in the American war effort, in addition to an uncounted number of former collegians.
Early in the war effort one football writer waxed poetic about the applicability of the formation of football teams with military training:
"Football is a body-toughener. Football lights the fighting spark in fighting men. It develops aggressiveness, teamwork, stamina, physical and mental coordination under active stress, and therefore it holds a foremost place in our national wartime training program. Teams by the hundreds are in formation at various Army camps and posts and Navy bases. The greatest participation in the history of the sport will be entered in the records of 1942."
Beginning in the fall of 1942 the War Department began to promote organized football exhibitions involving select teams from its military bases which played full schedules against the depleted squads of regional universities. These elite teams are included in the following list.
These were further distilled into military All-Star Teams which played against collegiate and professional opponents. In 1942 the U.S. Army named two "All-Army teams" of approximately 60 players per unit, located in the East and West. These were informally known as the "Million Dollar teams" — their purpose being to raise upwards of $1 million for the Army Emergency Relief fund through a series of exhibition clashes with the professional teams of the National Football League. The Eastern Army All-Star team was led by Lt. Col. Robert R. Neyland, and played September 1942 games against the New York Giants, Brooklyn Dodgers, and Chicago Bears. The Western All-Stars, coached by Major Wallace Wade Duke University coach played a slate including games beginning late in August 1942 against the Washington Redskins, Chicago Cardinals, Detroit Lions, Green Bay Packers, and New York Giants. -->
List of teams.
United States Army teams.
Teams associated with the bases of the United States Army included:
United States Army Air Forces teams.
Teams associated with the bases of the United States Army Air Forces included:
United States Navy teams.
Teams associated with the bases of the United States Navy included:
United States Coast Guard teams.
Teams associated with the bases of the United States Coast Guard included:

</doc>
<doc id="36567573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567573" title="List of schools in North Western Province, Sri Lanka">
List of schools in North Western Province, Sri Lanka

The following is a list of schools in North Western Province, Sri Lanka.
Kurunegala District.
National schools.
polpithigama national school
Puttalam District.
Provincial schools.
herath gunarathna maha vidyalaya ,galmuruwa
Mawila Mahinda Buddhist Vidyalaya

</doc>
<doc id="36567576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567576" title="List of state leaders in 438 BC">
List of state leaders in 438 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36567578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567578" title="List of schools in Sabaragamuwa Province">
List of schools in Sabaragamuwa Province

The following is a list of schools in Sabaragamuwa Province, Sri Lanka.
Kegalle District.
Private schools.
Good hope international school mawanell

</doc>
<doc id="36567587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567587" title="List of schools in Southern Province, Sri Lanka">
List of schools in Southern Province, Sri Lanka

The following is a list of schools in Southern Province, Sri Lanka.
Galle District.
National schools.
Ambalangoda education zone
Ambalangoda division
Balapitiya division
Hikkaduwa division
Elpitiya education zone
Benthota division
Divithura division
Elpitiya division
Karandeniya division
Niyagama division
Galle education zone
Akmeemana division
Baddegama division
Galle division
Habaraduwa division
Udugama education zone
Mapalagama division
Thawalama division
Yakkalamulla division
Provincial schools.
Galle education zone
Ambalangoda education zone
Elpitiya education zone
Udugama education zone

</doc>
<doc id="36567588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567588" title="Zoltán Harcsa">
Zoltán Harcsa

Zoltán Harcsa (b. November 20, 1992 - Budapest ) is a Hungarian boxer who competes as a middleweight.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics he narrowly defeated Jose Espinoza in the heats of the Men's middleweight (results) and Mujandjae Kasuto then lost 10:14 to Esquiva Falcão Florentino.

</doc>
<doc id="36567589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567589" title="Benjamin Harrison Reeves">
Benjamin Harrison Reeves

Benjamin Harrison Reeves (1787- 1849) was an American politician and the second Lieutenant Governor of Missouri. A Democratic-Republican, he served in the office for less than one year.
Biography.
Benjamin Harrison Reeves, named for a signer of the Declaration of Independence, was born March 21, 1787 in Augusta County, Virginia to parents Brewer and Martha (Davis) Reeves. The Reeves family moved to Christian County, Kentucky when Benjamin was around thirteen years old, but soon were beset by tragedy. Brewer Reeves, a veteran of the American Revolutionary War, died shortly after the move to Kentucky, leaving the teenage Benjamin, the eldest child, to help raise and support his three younger siblings. On November 12, 1806 in Lincoln County, Kentucky, he married Martha "Patsy" Donley. When the War of 1812 broke out in June, 1812 Reeves helped organize a company of volunteers for duty and was elected Captain of the group. Attached to American forces in the Indiana Territory, Reeves was promoted to Major. He and his Kentuckians participated in the rescue mission of Zachary Taylor and his garrison at the Siege of Fort Harrison in September, 1812.
Political life.
In November, 1812 Benjamin Reeves was called back to Kentucky from the war, having been elected to the state legislature that August. He would serve in the legislature until 1818 when Reeves and his family moved to the Missouri Territory, settling in Howard County. Befitting his previous legislative experience, the people of the county chose Reeves as one of their delegates to Missouri's first Constitutional Convention in 1820-21. In 1824 Reeves was elected Missouri's second Lieutenant Governor, however he would hold the post for just a few brief months before resigning to accept a position with the United States government as a commissioner to survey the Santa Fe Trail. When Missouri Governor Frederick Bates died in office in August, 1825 Benjamin Reeves, as Lieutenant Governor, would have taken over the rest of the term. However the Governorship went instead to Missouri Senate President Pro Tempore Abraham J. Williams until a special election could be held. 
In one of his first acts as U.S. President John Quincy Adams appointed Benjamin Reeves and two other men -- George C. Sibley and Pierre Menard—to oversee the surveying of the Santa Fe Trail and establish peaceful relations with Native American tribes along the trail if possible so as to prevent attacks on trade. With Thomas Mather replacing Menard, the "Sibley Expedition" left Fort Osage on July, 4 1825. In late August, 1825 near present-day Council Grove, Kansas, the group reached an agreement with the Osage Nation to allow safe pssage by wagon trains and traders. Stopping to rest at the Arkansas River while awaiting Mexican permission to cross into their territory, Reeves and Mather decided to return to Missouri and report on progress, which they did in late September. Sibley, surveyor Joseph C. Brown, and other party members continued on to New Mexico.
Later years.
In May, 1835 Benjamin Reeves suffered a personal tragedy when his wife Patsy died. The next year Reeves and his family left Missouri and returned to Kentucky, settling in Todd County. He remarried in August, 1836 to Virginia T. Garth. Reeves resumed a life in politics, serving several terms in the Kentucky legislature until his death. Benjamin Harrison Reeves died April 16, 1849 at his home in Todd County after several months of illness.

</doc>
<doc id="36567591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567591" title="List of schools in Uva Province">
List of schools in Uva Province

The following is a list of schools in Uva Province, Sri Lanka.
Moneragala District.
National schools.
www.uvatcc.com

</doc>
<doc id="36567592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567592" title="Maid of Gold">
Maid of Gold

Maid of Gold is the debut album from Canadian instrumental hip hop duo Villain Accelerate. It was released on Mush Records in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="36567599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567599" title="List of schools in Western Province, Sri Lanka">
List of schools in Western Province, Sri Lanka

The following is a list of schools in Western Province, Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="36567604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567604" title="Angelo Hauk">
Angelo Hauk

Angelo Hauk (born July 28, 1984) is an Italian-German footballer who plays as a striker. He is currently a free agent. 
Career.
Hauk began his career with 1860 Munich, but didn't progress past the reserve team, and left the club in 2005, signing for local amateur club FC Unterföhring. After eighteen months there, he moved across the Austrian border to sign for FC Kufstein, where he spent a year before returning to Germany to sign for VfR Aalen. After an unsuccessful year in Aalen (only two appearances), he signed for TSV Crailsheim as a replacement for the outgoing Bastian Heidenfelder, and spent half a season with the club, scoring 9 goals in 15 appearances in the Oberliga Baden-Württemberg.
In July 2009, Hallescher FC signed Hauk from Crailsheim, but he had a disappointing first season with the club, making 28 appearances without scoring. The following season was more successful, with 10 goals, and in the summer of 2011, he moved west, to sign for SV Elversberg on a six-month loan. He returned to Halle for the second half of the 2011–12 season, and his 7 goals helped them win the Regionalliga Nord title, and promotion to the 3. Liga. He made his first appearance at this level on his 28th birthday, as a substitute for Nils Pichinot in a 0–0 draw away to Karlsruher SC. He was released at the end of the 2012–13 season and signed for Wacker Burghausen. He left Burghausen after one season, after the club were relegated from the 3. Liga.

</doc>
<doc id="36567606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567606" title="List of state leaders in 437 BC">
List of state leaders in 437 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36567620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567620" title="Arsen Galstyan">
Arsen Galstyan

Arsen Zhorayevich Galstyan (, , born 19 February 1989 in Nerkin Karmiraghbyur, Armenian SSR, Soviet Union) is an Armenian-Russian judoka. Galstyan is a Merited Master of Sports of Russia and an Olympic Champion at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Biography.
Arsen Galstyan was born on February 19, 1989 in the village of Nerkin Karmiraghbyur in the north-east of Armenian SSR. His father was a football player, he played for the club Impuls FC Dilijan in the second half of the 1970s and later played as a part of FC Ararat Yerevan. While living in Armenia, Galstyan played the drums in the national ensemble. When he was seven, his family moved to Russia and settled in the stanitsa village of Giaginskaya, Adygea. That's just not always judo. He studied at the School № 4 of the village and started judo at a local sports club. Galstyan first played volleyball, then football, before judo. His brothers, Arman and Tigran, also compete in judo. Igor Romanov was the first coach Arsen and is still his personal trainer.
Galstyan later moved to Krasnodar, where he currently lives. He worked as a junior inspector of security detention center № 1 FPS in Russia's Krasnodar region. Galstyan was a student in the sports department of the Kabardino-Balkarian State University.
In 2007, he finished third at the Russian National Championship and, in the same year, he first represented Russia internationally. He has been a member of the Russian national judo team since 2007. In 2009, he became a European Champion, and in 2010 he won a bronze medal in the World Championship.
Galstyan competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's -60 kg division. Galstyan was an underdog and found himself fighting all of the favorites. In the semifinals, he bested Asian Champion Choi Gwang-Hyeon. Galstyan next overcame reigning two-time World Champion Rishod Sobirov, ranked number one by the International Judo Federation, in the semifinals. Finally, Arsen Galstyan and Hiroaki Hiraoka fought in the finals. Galstyan defeated Hiraoka with an ippon after 41 seconds. Galstyan scored the ippon as he was about to fall victim to an ippon of Hiraoka's. He achieved his dream of winning an Olympic gold medal and brought Russia its first medal of the Olympic Games. Galstyan is the first ever judoka from the Russian Federation to win an Olympic gold medal. He dedicated his victory to the victims of the flood in the Krasnodar region.
R-Sport News Agency named Galstyan Russia’s second most successful athlete for 2012. He was also ranked in Russia's top ten athletes of 2012 by the Russian Sports Journalists Federation.
He is already thinking about a new goal - the next Olympic Games.
Personal life.
In December 2010, Galstyan fought, as a sparring partner, against Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin, a black belt and former judo champion.
His father was his last football coach. Arsen's two brothers, senior Tigran and junior Arman, are both masters of judo and help Arsen train. Galstyan is not married. As of 2012, Galstyan lives in the city of Krasnodar.
Galstyan visited Armenia after winning his Olympic gold medal and was called a hero by those in his home country, the most enjoyable Olympic moment for him. He still considers Armenia to be his home country, along with Russia. Armenian Sports and Youth Affairs Minister Hrachya Rostomyan congratulated Galstyan on his 2012 Olympic victory. Galstyan also urged all the foreign Armenian athletes to be closer ties with the homeland.

</doc>
<doc id="36567624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567624" title="Canistota School District (South Dakota)">
Canistota School District (South Dakota)

The Canistota School District is a public school district in McCook County, South Dakota, United States, based in Canistota, South Dakota.
Schools.
The Canistota School District has one elementary school that serves grades kindergarten through sixth grade, and one high school that serves seventh grade through twelfth grade.

</doc>
<doc id="36567630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567630" title="List of state leaders in 436 BC">
List of state leaders in 436 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36567636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567636" title="Dennis Mast">
Dennis Mast

Dennis Mast (born 15 February 1992) is a German footballer who plays as a forward for Karlsruher SC.
Career.
Mast began his career with Hallescher FC, for whom he signed from Energie Cottbus in 2009, and broke into the first team near the end of the 2010–11 season. The following season he made 29 appearances as the club won the Regionalliga Nord title, and promotion to the 3. Liga. He made his first appearance at this level on 28 July 2012, in a 0–0 draw away to Karlsruher SC. After a successful 2012–13 season with Halle, he signed for Karlsruhe in July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36567642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567642" title="Soltan Migitinov">
Soltan Migitinov

Soltan Migitinov is an Azerbaijani boxer who competes as a middleweight. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he defeated Mohamed Hikal in the first round of the Men's middleweight.

</doc>
<doc id="36567643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567643" title="Hinchman H-1 Racer">
Hinchman H-1 Racer

__NOTOC__
The Hinchman H-1 Racer is a 1980s American single-seat autogyro designed by Hank Hincham with plans or a kit available from Hincham Aircraft Company for amateur construction.

</doc>
<doc id="36567650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567650" title="List of state leaders in 435 BC">
List of state leaders in 435 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36567657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567657" title="Grand Duchy of Flandrensis">
Grand Duchy of Flandrensis

The Grand Duchy of Flandrensis (Dutch: Groothertogdom Flandrensis) is a micronation with claims over some territories of Antarctica, which was founded in 2008 by the Belgian Niels Vermeersch. Flandrensis is not recognised by any country or government.
History.
The Grand Duchy of Flandrensis was founded on September 4, 2008 by the Belgian Niels Vermeersch. The Micronation is inspired by the medieval County of Flanders (Pagus Flandrensis). Flandrensis is regarded by the founder as a hobby-micronation, still the micronation has its own identity cards, currency, newspaper, constitution and national anthem. Flandrensis also a political simulation with political parties like the APPF (pirate party), DRP (royalist), NPF (nationalist), FDUP (unionist), FL-AL (solidarity) and Lijst Govaert (liberal) and organises yearly elections. The founder also describes Flandrensis as a cultural organisation. 
In 2012 the micronation is composed of 128 citizens from 24 different nationalities Outside the internet the activities of Flandrensis are restricted to the region around Roeselare but the official embassy is located in the West-Flemish town Langemark. Flandrensis has also a Commonwealth that united only Dutch-speaking micronations: the Grand Duchy of Flandrensis, the Principality of Arkel and the Duchy of Campinia.
Flandrensis has been mentioned in Belgian regional media like the Krant van West-Vlaanderen and Roeselare TV. After the participation of Flandrensis in Polination 2012 (2nd International Conference on Micronations on July 14, 2012 at London) the Belgian newspapers Het Nieuwsblad, Het Belang van Limburg and Gazet van Antwerpen published an article about Flandrensis as part of a reportage on European micronations.
Territory.
Flandrensis claims five islands of the coasts of West Antarctica: Siple Island, Cherry Island, Maher Island, Pranke Island and Carney Island and based its claim on an interpretation of the Antarctic Treaty (1959). Niels Vermeersch sent letters to the United Nations, the European Union and to the nations who signed the Antarctic Treaty to inform them of his claim. All of these countries ignored Niels and his claim. Flandrensis has no intentions to visit their claims.
Because of the claims, a diplomatic conflict with the micronation Westarctica arose in 2010, this resulted in the creation of the Antarctic Micronational Union (AMU). This conflict has been described by the Dutch Columbus Magazine and the French book Les Micronations. In 2010 the Russian newspaper Chastny Korrespondent published an article about Antarctic micronations and described Flandrensis as one of the most resonant micronations on Antarctica.
National symbols.
The flag of Flandrensis is inspired by the first Belgian flag of 1830. The original Belgian flag's yellow band has been replaced by white which symbolises a new beginning. For the same reason there are also two lions on the coat of arms, based on the Flemish lion.

</doc>
<doc id="36567658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567658" title="John Killeen">
John Killeen

John Killeen (1920 – June 2005) was an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-forward for the Galway senior team. 
Killeen made his first appearance for the team during the 1944 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement a decade later after the 1954 championship. During that time he won a National Hurling League winners' medal.
At club level Duffy began his club career with Tynagh in Galway before later winning two county club championship medals with Clonad in Laois.

</doc>
<doc id="36567661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567661" title="List of state leaders in 434 BC">
List of state leaders in 434 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36567674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567674" title="Alan Pinkney">
Alan Pinkney

Alan John Pinkney (born 1 January 1947 in Battersea, Greater London) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36567677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567677" title="Bhitagarh">
Bhitagarh

Bhitagarh ( "Bhiṭāgôṛ") is an ancient fort city built in sometime between sixth and seventh century. It is situated in Panchagarh District in Rangpur Division in the northern part of Bangladesh. This site is believed to be the largest fort city in Bangladesh. It was also a part of the historic Silk Route.
History.
Earlier, Bhitagarh was a sovereign city state, one of the largest in the Indian subcontinent. In the ancient times, it served as a transit point being a part of an important trade route linking the ancient kingdoms of Tibet with Pundravardhana and other ancient kingdoms of Bengal and eastern India. During the 15th century, it merged with Khen dynasty and served as a trade route between Assam and the Muslim territories in Bengal. It was also occupied by the Ahom Dynasty for a short period.
Recent excavations.
The site came in the lime light after the recent excavations which unconcealed some 200 locations of significant historical interest inside the fort city. Several temples and Terracotta Buddhist Stupas are some of them. The city is expected to have the largest Buddhist Vihara in Bangladesh undiscovered. Samples collected from the sites are significantly different from those of Somapura Mahavihara and Shalban vihara.

</doc>
<doc id="36567681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36567681" title="Marta Cuervo">
Marta Cuervo

Marta Cuervo (b. Havana, Cuba) was a Cuban guitarist and professor.
Academic formation.
Marta Cuervo studied guitar and musical theory at the Havana Municipal Conservatory. She was a disciple of renowned guitarist Isaac Nicola.
Work.
Marta Cuervo closely collaborated with Isaac Nicola and other guitarists such as Clara (Cuqui) Nicola, Marianela Bonet and Leopoldina Nuñez in the implementation of a unified method for all the music schools in Cuba, after de 1959 Revolution. She encouraged her own guitar students, such as Armando Rodriguez Ruidiaz, to compose and transcribe music for the instrument thus contributing to the development of a national pedagogic system and repertoire.
Among Marta Cuervo's many disciples we can mention renowned guitarists Joaquín Clerch, Aldo Rodríguez and Sergio García Marruz -
See also.
Classical Guitar in Cuba
Music of Cuba

</doc>
