<doc id="36623286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623286" title="South Mall, Cork">
South Mall, Cork

South Mall (An Meall Theas in Irish), is one of the main
streets of Cork city, Ireland. It runs from Grand Parade in the west to Parnell Place in the east. Like St. Patrick's Street it is built over what was once a channel of the River Lee.
Financial Services.
The street is known as the main centre of the Financial Services industry in Munster and also for being the location of a large number of legal offices. 
Among the notable buildings on the street is the branch of AIB. This started on its current site as Provincial Bank in 1825, while the current building was constructed between 1863 and 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="36623291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623291" title="Rochester (CDP), Vermont">
Rochester (CDP), Vermont

Rochester is a census-designated place (CDP) that comprises the central village of the town of Rochester, Windsor County, Vermont, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population of the CDP was 299, compared to 1,139 for the entire town of Rochester.
Geography.
Rochester is located in extreme northwest Windsor County, along the White River. Vermont Route 100 passes through the village, heading north to Hancock, Granville, and Warren, and south to Stockbridge. Vermont Route 73 leads west from Rochester, crossing the Green Mountains to Brandon.

</doc>
<doc id="36623292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623292" title="Johann Fischbach">
Johann Fischbach

Johann (Franz) Fischbach (5 April 1797, Grafenegg - 19 June 1871, Munich) was an Austrian painter.
Life.
He was the son of one of Count Breunerschen's stewards. His art studies began at the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna, where he studied under Joseph Mössmer (1780-1845) and won the Grand Prize for landscape painting in 1821. He moved to Salzburg in 1840 and set up a studio there. He was also instrumental in creating the Salzburg Art Society and a small Academy that numbered Josef Mayburger and Hans Makart's father among its students. 
In 1851, he built his own villa (Swiss chalet style) in Aigen. It is still known as the "Fischbachvilla". After the early death of his son August, who had shown great promise, he became deeply depressed and spent the last decade of his life in Munich, away from anything that might be a sad reminder of happier days. 
Together with Moritz von Schwind and Ludwig Richter, he is considered one of the most important representatives of the Austrian Biedermeier style. Landscapes were his speciality, but he also produced genre art, portraits, vedute and still lifes.

</doc>
<doc id="36623303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623303" title="Turkova Draga">
Turkova Draga

Turkova Draga (; in older sources also "Dolenja Turkova Draga", , Gottscheerish: "Shuəchə, Tirknshuəchə, Peatscharə") is an abandoned village in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. It no longer has any permanent residents. Its territory is now part of the village of Muha Vas.
History.
Turkova Draga was a Gottschee German village. It was attacked and laid waste in an Ottoman raid in 1491. Before the Second World War the village had nine houses and a population of 46. Its economy was based on subsistence farming and peddling. There was a mill in the village and a few craftsmen's workshops. It was burned by Italian troops in the summer of 1942 and never restored.

</doc>
<doc id="36623313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623313" title="Diamond Peak (Idaho)">
Diamond Peak (Idaho)

Diamond Peak is the highest point in the Lemhi Range in the Rocky Mountains in Idaho. At above sea level, it is the fourth highest peak in Idaho. It is situated east of Borah Peak in the Lost River Range, opposite the Little Lost River valley. It is the highest point in the Caribou-Targhee National Forest. The closest higher peak is Mount Church, which is to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="36623315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623315" title="Lira, Salvaterra de Miño">
Lira, Salvaterra de Miño

Lira is a village ("aldea") belonging to the O Condado shire, in Galicia, north west of Spain. Legally is one of the parishes ("parroquia") under the government of the council of Salvaterra de Miño. It had 327 inhabitants in 2004 divided into 15 small villages ("lugares"). The patron saint of the parish is Saint Simon.
It limits the north with the municipality of Ponteareas (Celeiros parish), the south the parishes of Soutolobre and Leirado, on the east by Vilacova and the western part the parish of Fornelos and the municipality of Ponteareas.
Geography.
Orography.
The entire O Condado shire is a quite mountainous area. Lira has a hilly landscape, placed in the valley of Tea and Uma Rivers. The average altitude is low, about 60 m on the sea level.
Hydrography.
The village has a lot of waterways due to high precipitation and the location in a valley. The largest and most important river is the Uma, with its small affluents, the Regueiro da Vila and the Rego da Lavandeira. The Uma River is a tributary of the Tea River, and this, in turn, the Minho.
Climate.
The lands of Lira, with mild temperatures and rainfall usual throughout the year; are characterized by their Oceanic climate (Csf), with tendencies to have some summer drought, influence of the warm-summer Mediterranean climate (Csb). The annual mean temperature is approximately .
Environment.
Lira has preserved some of its Atlantic forests ("fragas") where wildlife is commonly found, especially in the lower areas close to the rivers. It is relatively unpolluted, and its landscapes composed of green hills like Santo Amaro. Nevertheless, Lira is having some environmental problems in the modern age. Forest fires are a problem throughout the shire and in general in the whole Galicia. Besides some hills are spread of the eucalyptus tree, an invasive species imported from Australia, actively promoted and researched by the paper industry since the mid-twentieth century. Recently the "Bursaphelenchus xylophilus", commonly known as pine wood nematode or pine wilt nematode is causing serious damages in pine populations. Furthermore, the construction conducted in recent years has transformed excessively habitats and landscape.
Biodiversity.
Lira is a heavy forested area in Galicia, but the majority of Lira's plantations, usually growing eucalyptus or pine, lack any formal management, except a sound management of the forest local community. Wood figures significantly in Lira's economy. Apart from tree plantations, Lira is also notable for the surface occupied by vineyards, meadows and cornfields.
A few Old-growth forests (known locally as "fragas") remain, particularly in the lower parts dominated by the English oak ("Quercus robur" L.), mixed with other tress like: alders, birches, ashes, hazels, blackthorns, maples, willows, wild cherry trees, wild pear trees, etc. Hills are covered mainly by maritime pine trees ("Pinus pinaster"). As exotic species are blue gum ("Eucalyptus globulus"), black locust or false acacia ("Robinia pseudacacia") and recently the invasive heaven tree ("Ailanthus altissima"). It is also frequent the American northern red oak ("Quercus rubra") in new forest plantations. Shrubs (holly, hawthorn, blackberry, ivy, dog rose, elder, laurel bay, Scotch broom, gum rockrose or gorse) and herbaceous are also important. Lira also has a good range of heathers, ferns and mosses species.
Agriculture.
Lira is a forest village but agriculture was also important. It can still seen some pastures, corn, potato, or cabbage fields, mainly for home consumption. Every house has its own garden and orchard: apples, pears, peaches, cherrys, plums... and recently kiwis or "feijoas" (pineapple guava). Special mention deserves the vines. Lira has always been the area of wine. Good quality wine (called "Condado") belongs to the Rías Baixas (DO).

</doc>
<doc id="36623325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623325" title="AyyappaBhagavatam">
AyyappaBhagavatam

AyyappaBhagavatam is a holy book written by Sri Thryakshara Chaithanya (S Govinda Warrier 1948-2012).
AyyappaBhagavatam is in poetry format and have 14 chapters. AyyappaBhagavatam explains the story of lord Ayyappan, the philosophy and principles related to deity.
AyyappaBhagavatam is written in such a way that, devotees could conduct sapthaham, seven continuous days of preaching and chanting.

</doc>
<doc id="36623329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623329" title="Iolaus bilineata">
Iolaus bilineata

Iolaus bilineata is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="36623332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623332" title="Lucy Spraggan">
Lucy Spraggan

Lucy Spraggan (born 21 July 1991) is an English musician, currently signed to Columbia Records, who describes her music as 'A-Flop', a mixture of acoustic, folk, and hip hop. In July 2011, she was announced as the runner up of the Urban, Pop & Acoustic category of Live and Unsigned at the age of 20. In June 2012, she performed alongside Razorlight at Osfest at the Oswestry Showground in Shropshire. She independently released her album "Top Room At The Zoo" in November 2011, with associated music videos released on YouTube.
She auditioned for "The X Factor" in 2012, performing her own composition, 'Last Night'. On 3 November 2012, it was announced she would be quitting her run on "The X Factor" due to illness, so she subsequently finished in ninth place, and second in her category. She was the first contestant in the show's history to score a Top 40 single and album before the live shows even aired with her independently released album "Top Room At The Zoo". Spraggan confirmed her major label debut "Join The Club" was set for release on 7 October 2013.
Music career.
2011–12: Live and Unsigned, Open Mic UK and "Top Room at the Zoo".
In July 2011, Spraggan was announced as the runner up of the Urban, Pop & Acoustic Category of Live and Unsigned, placing third place overall in the competition. Spraggan's prizes awarded by Live and Unsigned for her progress in the competition consisted of a festival slot at Osfest, and a slot at Australia's 'Go Connect' Festival. When the festival was later cancelled, Live and Unsigned provided Spraggan with a series of replacement prizes, including: a string of guest act spots at Live and Unsigned and Open Mic UK shows across the country, a new website, and a music video shoot for her single "Last Night", which received over 455,000 views.
On 20 October 2011 she independently released her album "Top Room at the Zoo". In an interview Spraggan said a short-lived romance, when she visited America at the age of 18 with an older woman of 27, inspired the majority of her album's lyrics.
Spraggan performed as a guest act at a large volume of Live and Unsigned and Open Mic UK shows across the country during this time, on Open Mic UK, Spraggan said in an interview: "Open Mic UK is a great way to build your fan base to thousands of new fans whether you are a guest act or a competitor in the show." As a result of performing at these shows, Spraggan was scouted by several festival organisers to perform at their festivals, amongst which included London Summer Jam, Osfest, Strawberry Fields Festival and Cockermouth Rock Festival.
2012: "The X Factor".
On 13 July 2012, she released the single "Tea and Toast". Spraggan auditioned for the ninth series of "The X Factor", which was shown on 25 August 2012, singing her own song "Last Night" from "Top Room at the Zoo". She won herself a place at bootcamp after performing the song, which left the audience at the Manchester auditions chanting for more. Her second song, which was a rendition of "Halo" by Beyoncé Knowles, was shown on "The Xtra Factor". Shortly after the audition was screened, the song climbed to Number 70 in the Official UK Singles Chart, and reached Number 2 on iTunes. However, it was soon removed from iTunes by request of "The X Factor" producers. On 29 August 2012, Greg James announced that "Last Night" was at number 5 on the Official Chart Update despite the song being removed from iTunes, her album "Top Room at the Zoo" was at number 7 on the Official Chart Update as well. On 2 September 2012 "Last Night" entered the UK Singles Chart at number 11 and "Top Room at the Zoo" entered the UK Albums Chart at number 22.
Spraggan sang "Moves like Jagger" by Maroon 5 at bootcamp but the performance was described as "awkward" and "messy". She returned to the stage with a mix-up of songs that she really liked and meant a lot to her. Tulisa Contostavlos then said that she wanted to hear one of her tracks so Spraggan decided to sing "Tea and Toast", stating that the song was about a real couple. After she performed the song she burst into tears when she received a standing ovation from the audience and the judging panel.
She made it through to the live shows as one of the three female singers selected by mentor Contostavlos. In week 4, Spraggan was ill so she automatically got through to week 5. On 3 November, Spraggan decided to leave the competition because she felt that it wouldn't be fair to get another free pass to the next round, as she was still too ill to compete.
2012–present: "Join the Club".
Lucy Spraggan announced her signing to Record Label Columbia Records in March 2013. Her debut studio album "Join the Club" was released on 7 October.
About the album Spraggan says 'I wanted to put my own take on events that happen to everyone by telling these stories. I have been writing this album for as long and I can remember and I hope people will be able to relate'. The lead single "Lighthouse" was released 14 July. About the single Spraggan explains 'Whenever I'd run out of money or get on the wrong bus, I'd see a lighthouse and things would start to getting better'. Spraggan confirmed the second single lifted from the album would be "Last Night (Beer Fear)" was released on 30 September.
Spraggan announced a headline UK and Ireland tour in support of the album which starts at Margate Winter Gardens on 21 October and concludes at The Academy in Dublin on 16 November.
Personal life.
Spraggan is an open lesbian. Her mother, Anstey, is a freelance journalist and has written about their family life as a stepfamily.
Before music, Spraggan trained to be a fire fighter which she attended the University of Derby in her hometown of Buxton doing something which she felt passionate about; Public Services. She also has had a variety of jobs: a plumber's apprentice, a cave tour guide at the Poole's Cavern, and a magician. Lucy also attended Buxton Community School which she had many friends and often performed In front of the school with around just under 2,000 students. She also worked in demolition and broke her leg when a cherry picker she was working on fell to the floor. Spraggan then moved to Sheffield once she had left school, which she now calls her hometown, still keeping in touch with family and friends in Buxton, Derbyshire.

</doc>
<doc id="36623335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623335" title="Soufiane Bidaoui">
Soufiane Bidaoui

Soufiane Bidaoui (born 20 April 1990) is a Moroccan professional footballer who plays for Italian club Crotone, on loan from Parma, as a midfielder.
Career.
Born in Etterbeek, Belgium, Bidaoui has played club football in Belgium for Westerlo, Roeselare and Lierse. In the summer of 2013, Bidaoui signed a contract with Italian team Parma. He joined Crotone on loan for the 2013–14 season.
Bidaoui represented Morocco at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36623345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623345" title="Hochfinsler">
Hochfinsler

The Hochfinsler (2,423 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located south of Flums in the canton of St. Gallen. It lies on the range north of the Wissgandstöckli, that separates the Schilstal from the Weisstannental.

</doc>
<doc id="36623346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623346" title="Ewa Mizdal">
Ewa Mizdal

Ewa Mizdal (born July 18, 1987 in Lublin) is a Polish weightlifter.
She represented Poland at the 2012 Summer Olympics, in the event Weightlifting Women's 75 kg. She was ranked 7th with a total of 231 kg

</doc>
<doc id="36623351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623351" title="South of the Border (1939 film)">
South of the Border (1939 film)

South of the Border is a 1939 Western film directed by George Sherman and starring Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, and June Storey. Written by Betty Burbridge and Gerald Geraghty, based on a story by Dorrell and Stuart E. McGowan, the film is about a federal agent who is sent to Mexico to prevent foreign powers from gaining control of Mexican oil refineries and fomenting revolution among the Mexican people.
Plot.
United States government agents Gene Autry (Gene Autry) and Frog Millhouse (Smiley Burnette) are sent down to Mexico to foil the plans of foreign spies trying to start a revolution on the Mexican island of Palermo in order to gain control of American oil facilities and establish a submarine refueling base. When they arrive in Mexico they attend a fiesta, where Gene has his heart stolen by the beautiful Señorita Dolores Mendoza (Lupita Tovar). 
Soon after, Gene goes to the American Consulate seeking further instructions about his mission. He is informed that Dolores' brother Andreo (Duncan Renaldo) is the pawn of a gang of foreign agents operating on the island of Palmero with the objective of establishing an enemy submarine base that would put an end to Pan American neutrality. The Consul orders Gene to leave for Palermo immediately, using the excuse that he and his men are to help Don Diego Mendoza (Frank Reicher), Dolores's uncle, with his cattle roundup. 
On the island of Palermo, Gene and Frog learn that Don Diego's caballeros are in fear of Andreo and his band of revolutionaries. Intercepting a secret code broadcast over the radio, Gene traces the signal to the abandoned oil fields and confirms that enemy agents are plotting to gain control of American oil holdings intending to use them for establishing a submarine refueling base. Gene cleverly allows one of the agents to escape and follows him to the office of Saunders (Alan Edwards), the head of the gang of foreign spies. Before he can act, Gene is captured by Saunders, who then leads his men and a convoy of oil trucks to the submarines waiting offshore. 
Frog rescues Gene, and with the help of the Mexican army, they commandeer the trucks and arrest Saunders and his gang. Andreo tries to escape and is killed. The threat of revolution in Mexico is ended. Gene returns to his sweetheart Dolores, only to learn that she has become a nun to atone for her brother's sins.
Production.
Casting.
"South of the Border" introduced the fifteen-year-old actress Mary Lee in her first of nine appearances in Gene Autry films. On loan-out from popular bandleader Ted Weems, Lee earned $250 a week and sang on three songs in the film, including a duet with Autry on "Goodbye Little Darlin' Goodbye" and a solo vocal on "Merry-Go-Roundup". Born Mary Lee Wooters in Centralia, Illinois, Lee grew up in Ottawa, Illinois, where she sang on the radio with her father and older sister. She was discovered by Warner Bros. talent scouts while singing with the Ted Weems Orchestra and signed for a role in "Nancy Drew, Reporter" (1939). After hearing Lee singing one of his songs, Autry arranged for her to appear with him in "South of the Border". In five of her nine film appearances with Autry, Lee played the younger sister of June Storey's characters. Lee's older sister Vera worked as one of Autry's secretaries, and her father worked for years as a caretaker at Autry's home and offices.
Filming and budget.
"South of the Border" was filmed October 30 to November 11, 1939. The film had an operating budget of $75,947 (equal to $ today).

</doc>
<doc id="36623353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623353" title="Iolaus bolissus">
Iolaus bolissus

Iolaus bolissus is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon, Gabon, the Republic of Congo, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Uganda, Kenya and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.
The larvae feed on "Englerina woodfordioides" and "Tapinanthus dependens".

</doc>
<doc id="36623363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623363" title="Zouhair Feddal">
Zouhair Feddal

Zouhair Feddal (born 1 January 1989) is a Moroccan professional footballer who plays for Siena, on loan from Parma, as a defender.
Clubs career.
Born in Tétouan, Zouhair Feddal started playing football very young with Moghreb Tétouan before he left with his family to live in Spain when he was almost 6 year old .
In Spain, Feddal started his career with CF Peralada before joining Unió Esportiva Figueres with which he was spotted by AS Monaco. Zouhair Feddal decided later to join the Monegasque club's youth academy.
After his training with AS Monaco, Feddal went back to Spain and played for Mataró, Vilajuïga, Terrassa, Teruel, San Roque de Lepe then he signed for Espanyol in May 2011 where he had to play for its reserve team.
Zouhair Feddal got the Spanish citizenship while he was an Espanyol player. On February 4, 2012 Feddal was on the first team's bench when they were playing a La Liga away game against Athletic Bilbao.
After his Spanish career Feddal preferred to try a new adventure in his homeland Morocco and signed a three years contract on September, 2012 for FUS de Rabat with which he had performed well and became one of the best defenders in Botola. He scored his only goal of the competition during the city of Rabat's derby match against FAR Rabat on October 10, 2012.
In the summer of 2013 Feddal left FUS de Rabat to Parma who sent him on loan to Siena.
National Teams.
Feddal represented Morocco at the 2012 Summer Olympics and made his international debut at friendly match against Togo on 14 November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36623372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623372" title="James Sena">
James Sena

James Ryan R. Sena also known as James Sena (born August 31, 1988) is a Filipino professional basketball player playing in the Philippine Basketball Association for the Meralco Bolts. He played collegiate basketball at JRU Heavy Bombers.
Statistics.
"Correct as of December 23, 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="36623374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623374" title="Heather Giugni">
Heather Giugni

Heather Haunani Giugni is an American filmmaker, politician, and a former representative in the Hawaii House of Representatives. She represented District 33, comprising the Honolulu neighborhoods of Aiea and Halawa. She was appointed to the legislature in February 2012 and left office in January 2013.
Early life and career.
One of four sisters, Giugni comes from a family of Hawaii public servants. Her great-grandfather was appointed in 1897 to a judgeship in the Ewa District. Her father, Henry Giugni, was a longtime confidant to U.S. Senator Daniel K. Inouye, eventually becoming sergeant-at-arms of the United States Senate. His work with Inouye led to the family moving to Washington.
Heather Giugni attended Kamehameha Schools before attending the University of Maryland, where she graduated with a bachelor's degree in journalism. She worked for KGMB news from 1982 to 1986, when she founded Juniroa Productions, her own film-making company. She has produced and directed documentaries, public service announcements, training videos, oral histories, Internet and interactive content.
Political career.
In 1972, Giugni served as a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in Miami, where she was the youngest delegate. 
In November 2011, the majority leader of the Hawaii House of Representatives, Blake Oshiro, announced that he would resign from the legislature to become Governor Neil Abercrombie's deputy chief of staff. Per Hawaii law, Governor Abercrombie had to select Oshiro's successor as state representative from the 33rd district. His replacement, former state representative and majority leader Tom Okamura, had to resign just weeks later due to health reasons. Abercrombie appointed Giugni to the seat in February 2012. She took office on February 21, 2012.
She ran for the seat in 2012, where she faced a Democratic primary challenge from state representative K. Mark Takai, whose district got combined with Giugni's as a result of redistricting. In the Democratic primary election held on August 11, 2012, Takai defeated Giugni.

</doc>
<doc id="36623383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623383" title="Zhongguan, Zhejiang">
Zhongguan, Zhejiang

Zhongguan () is a town in the northeast of Deqing County in northern Zhejiang province, China. , it has 1 residential community (社区) and 19 villages under its administration, and , it had a population of 46,000 residing in an area of .
History.
When the Republic of China ruled the mainland, Zhongguan was known as Zhongguan Township (钟管乡) until its merger in 1947 into Longxi Township (龙溪乡). In July 1950, Zhongguan Township was re-established and remained a township until October 1958, when it, along with Ganshan Township (干山乡) and Geting Township (戈亭乡), was merged into a people's commune. Township status was restored in January 1984, and Zhongguan was upgraded to a town in April 1989. Geting Township (戈亭乡) was merged into Zhongguan in July 1992, and Ganshan (干山镇) merged in April 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36623385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623385" title="Iolaus carina">
Iolaus carina

Iolaus carina is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Gabon.

</doc>
<doc id="36623387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623387" title="Mohamed Abarhoun">
Mohamed Abarhoun

Mohamed Abarhoun (born 3 May 1989) is a Moroccan footballer who played at the 2012 Summer Olympics, making 3 appearances in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36623406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623406" title="Gonzen">
Gonzen

The Gonzen (1,830 m) is a mountain of the Appenzell Alps, overlooking the Rhine Valley at Sargans, in the canton of St. Gallen. It lies at the southeastern end of the Alvier group.
The summit of the Gonzen can be reached via a trail on the northern side.

</doc>
<doc id="36623412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623412" title="Information coefficient">
Information coefficient

The information coefficient (IC) is a measure of the merit of a predicted value. In finance, the information coefficient is used as a performance metric for the predictive skill of a financial analyst. The information coefficient is similar to correlation in that it can be seen to measure the linear relationship between two random variables, e.g. predicted stock returns and the actualized returns. The information coefficient ranges from 0 to 1, with 0 denoting no linear relationship between predictions and actual values (poor forecasting skills) and 1 denoting a perfect linear relationship (good forecasting skills).

</doc>
<doc id="36623423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623423" title="Märkisches Museum">
Märkisches Museum

The Märkisches Museum (Marcher Museum; originally Märkisches Provinzial-Museum, i.e. Museum of the Province of the March Brandenburg) is a museum in Mitte, Berlin. Founded in 1874 as the museum of the city of Berlin and its political region, the March of Brandenburg, it occupies a building on the northern edge of Köllnischer Park, facing the Spree, which was designed by Ludwig Hoffmann and completed in 1908. It is now the main facility of the "Stiftung Stadtmuseum Berlin, Landesmuseum für Kultur und Geschichte Berlins", the City of Berlin museum foundation, which also operates four other sites.
Background.
In the second half of the 19th century, Berlin grew very rapidly. The foundation stone of a new, much larger town hall, the Rotes Rathaus, was laid in 1861. The changes provoked interest amongst the bourgeoisie in the city's past and in preserving what had not already been lost. The "Verein für die Geschichte Berlins" (Association for the history of Berlin) was founded. It included early photographers such as Friedrich Albert Schwartz who began to document the changes to the city, assembling one of the first systematic photographic portraits of a city and its architecture. Beginning in the 1860s, they urged the foundation of a regional history museum. Ernst Friedel, a judge and antiquarian who had personally collected prehistoric and historic objects and paintings from Brandenburg for this purpose, persuaded the "Magistrat", the executive council of Berlin, to form a new department of "Collections" and Friedel was appointed to head it together with the existing library and archive. On 9 October 1874 with the city's official acceptance of his plan, the "Märkisches Provinzialmuseum" (Provincial museum of the March) was founded. This was the first museum in Berlin to be completely independent of the Prussian crown. It had a budget of only 2,000 Goldmarks a year for purchases, and was therefore dependent from the start on donations from foundations and individuals. The Emperor later contributed a small fund for the purchase of photographs of the city.
Early history.
In March 1875, Friedel put out a call for the donation or loan of objects of historical or scientific interest, which was so successful that the collection had to move late that year from the old town hall to the Palais Podewils, a Baroque residence in Klosterstraße, and in 1880 to the former town hall of Cölln. At that time it had over 29,500 objects. In addition, Berlin in the "Gründerzeit" was full of demolitions and excavations, which yielded both fragments of old buildings and prehistoric and medieval finds. The collection was crowded and in particular the large pieces taken from churches could not be properly displayed. However, the inventory was not without its uses: an axe from the collection was used on 16 August 1878 to execute Max Hödel after his attempted assassination of Emperor Wilhelm I.
At the urging of Friedel, a competition was held in 1892 for a building to house the collection, but the results were disappointing. 76 entries were received, but the winning design, by Wilhelm Möller, proved on examination to be both unsuitable and too expensive, and the architect had died, so the project was shelved.
Building.
Creating a new building for the museum was the first large task for Ludwig Hoffmann after his appointment in 1896 as Stadtbaurat (chief of construction) for the city of Berlin. His first sketches date to that year; the plans were accepted the following year, and construction began in 1899 and was completed in 1907. It was not ready for occupation until 1908, 12 years after the start of the project. Meanwhile, in 1899, in advance of the demolition of the Cölln town hall, some of the collection had been placed in storage and some shown in temporary quarters on the first floor of one of the city's covered markets, until 1904.
Hoffmann designed the museum as a complex of six differing buildings which echo Brandenburg brick architecture of periods from the Gothic to the Renaissance in a "historical collage", in order to reflect the contents of the museum and evoke the "atmosphere" of various times and types of building. Part of his reasoning was that Berlin no longer had much of an old centre. The buildings are grouped around two courtyards and based on historic details which he had studied and sketched throughout the region; his "quotations" are accurate copies, but there is disagreement as to the originals, as in a façade which has been said to be based on the town hall at Tangermünde or on St. Catherine's Church in Brandenburg an der Havel, and the hip-roofed tower, high, based on the bergfried (keep) of the Bishop's Castle in Wittstock or on the cathedral of Ratzeburg. Hoffmann also modified the layout of Köllnischer Park to make an attractive setting for the museum.
The interior of the museum also seeks to evoke the atmosphere of different historical settings (as was then the fashion in provincial museums in Germany). For example, the low vaulted ceilings and roughly plastered walls on the ground floor were intended to suggest great age and housed the displays on prehistory, where the display cases for funerary urns and flint axes were rough in form; the setting for the medieval altars and sculptures was a vaulted Gothic chapel echoing medieval church interiors; weapons were shown in a room with thick columns, recalling a monastery; and rococo porcelain and snuffboxes were displayed in elegant vitrines in a light and airy room on the second floor. There were a total of about 50 exhibition galleries. The visitor was led repeatedly back to the central vaulted Great Hall.
A week before the opening on 10 June 1908, Emperor Wilhelm II and Empress Auguste Viktoria toured the exhibits for two hours. The museum is now judged to be amongst Hoffmann's most important works, and also one of the most outstanding German museum buildings.
History since 1908.
Before and after World War I.
The museum was widely praised and popular, attracting approximately 70,000 visitors a year and supported by the "Verein für das Märkische Museum", which included some wealthy and prominent Berliners. Especially after the creation of Greater Berlin in 1920, it focussed more on the city than on the Mark Brandenburg. However, it was affected by the First World War and the revolution and out of control inflation which followed it.
In 1925, Walter Stengel became Director of the museum, the first in that position with professional training and experience in art history and museum science. He left Hoffmann's gallery displays largely untouched, but did introduce electric lighting in 1932, over the objections of the now retired architect. He also experimented with recorded commentary in the galleries, using gramophones. He used the museum extension, the 18th-century Ermeler House, to display the Alfred Cassirer collection of artworks, including several works of French Impressionism, as a unified whole, and to draw visitors back to the museum, held spectacular special exhibitions, some of them offsite. The exhibition celebrating the 70th birthday of the popular illustrator Heinrich Zille in 1928, the first extensive exhibition of his work, was especially popular.
Under the Third Reich.
After Hitler's seizure of power in 1933, the Märkisches Museum was like other cultural facilities in Germany incorporated into the Nazi system. Stengel collaborated with the Nazis, in the interest of the museum as he saw it, acquiring art objects from Jews in forced sales and securing valuable antiques in 1938 when the regime seized all gold and silver items from Jews. After the war, he stated that these items were held in escrow and not simply merged into the museum's holdings.
The museum remained popular until the outbreak of the Second World War in 1939, when it was closed and its collection placed in storage. Much was lost, and the building itself was severely damaged.
Under Soviet occupation and in the German Democratic Republic.
When the war ended, the museum was located in the Soviet sector of Berlin which became the capital of the German Democratic Republic (East Germany). The first few galleries were reopened in 1946. Some items were rescued from buildings destroyed in the war, but the need for repairs to the building restricted available space and most of the natural history collection had been lost, so the decision was made to focus on cultural history. In a restoration which took place from 1953 to 1958, the interior was subdivided by partitions and lowered ceilings, increasingly destroying Hoffmann's gallery scheme, and museum staff were required to present history on a Marxist-Leninist basis.
After the Berlin Wall divided the city in 1961, the decision was eventually made to establish a separate Berlin Museum in West Berlin. Founded in 1962, this was housed in the baroque "Collegienhaus" of the former Kammergericht in the Lindenstraße in Kreuzberg, and the collection was limited to cultural history so that the two museums could be eventually reunited with as few problems as possible.
Since reunification.
After German reunification, five years of discussion and planning culminated in the foundation in 1995 of the "Stiftung Stadtmuseum Berlin, Landesmuseum für Kultur und Geschichte Berlins", which now unites several formerly independent museums under the City of Berlin, with the Märkisches Museum as primary location. The building itself was extensively renovated in 1996–2001, including building out of new space under roofs and the removal of added partitions so that visitors again experience the sequence of galleries much as Hoffmann intended, but a large part of the museum's holdings is in storage in Spandau for want of space. The Senate of Berlin plans to unify currently scattered holdings in Mitte, in and around the Märkisches Museum, and has thus projected an extension to the building, which is to incorporate the nearby Marinehaus, designed by Otto Liesheim and built in 1908–10. The existing museum is to house the coverage from prehistory to the start of the 20th century, and the extension, recent history. The Senate acquired that building in 1993, and the architectural competition to design the extension and conversion was won by the London firm of Stanton Williams in 2008.
The Stiftung Stadtmuseum Berlin originally had 16 locations. Under the consolidation plan, the Stiftung Stadtmuseum Berlin found other owners for the Nicolaihaus, the Domäne Dahlem, an open-air museum of agriculture on the original estate at Dahlem, and the Sport Museum in the Sportforum near the Olympic Stadium, and closed the Museum of Hairdressing in Marzahn, the Sammlung Kindheit und Jugend (children's museum), the Natural History collection and its former administrative offices, and relocated them to the Märkisches Museum. the childhood section in the Märkisches Museum was showing an exhibition of model shops. Closure of the Galgenhaus is also planned. The Marinehaus is to be used for especially popular displays on the history of Berlin in the 20th century while the original building undergoes thorough restoration, and the foundation continues to operate museums in the 18th-century Knoblauchhaus, the rococo Ephraim Palais, and St. Nicholas' Church, all in the nearby Nikolaiviertel. It also has a museum village in the Zehlendorf district, the Museumsdorf Düppel, which is a recreation of a medieval village. 
Friedrichsfelde Palace, Friedrichsfelde, formerly also part of the foundation, was returned in January 2009 to Tierpark Berlin, the zoo in its former grounds. The Jewish Museum grew out of the West Berlin Berlin Museum, but in 1998 was declared autonomous and in 2001 became a federal institution, and as such is independent of the Stiftung Stadtmuseum Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="36623425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623425" title="Jan-Åke Svensson">
Jan-Åke Svensson

Jan-Åke Svensson is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36623430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623430" title="Iolaus eurisus">
Iolaus eurisus

Iolaus eurisus, the Royal Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Senegal, Guinea, Sierra Leone, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, Nigeria, Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests and disturbed and dry areas.
Adult males mud-puddle.

</doc>
<doc id="36623442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623442" title="Nils Andersson (footballer)">
Nils Andersson (footballer)

Nils Andersson is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36623455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623455" title="Pete Wilcox">
Pete Wilcox

Peter Jonathan Wilcox (born 1961) is the Dean of Liverpool in the Church of England.
He was educated at St John's College, Durham, St John's College, Oxford and Ridley Hall, Cambridge. He was ordained in 1988 and his first post was a curacy in Preston-on-Tees. Wilcox completed his doctorate, entitled "Restoration, Reformation and the progress of the kingdom of Christ : evangelisation in the thought and practice of John Calvin, 1555-1564", at Oxford in 1993. He was Team Vicar of Gateshead from 1993 to 1998 when he became the Director of the Urban Mission Centre, Cranmer Hall. He was priest in charge of St Paul's Walsall from 1998 before becoming Canon Chancellor at Lichfield Cathedral in 2006. He was installed as Dean of Liverpool at its Anglican cathedral on 15 September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36623466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623466" title="The Birth of the Jongleur">
The Birth of the Jongleur

The Birth of the Jongleur (Italian: La nascita del giullare) is a dramatic monologue by Dario Fo.
Plot.
A peasant narrates how he had found and created a fine piece of land, and all was well. But then the Lord of the Manor came to take his land from him. He raped the peasant's wife. The peasant was about to hang himself, when Christ and the disciples appear at his door asking for something to eat. The peasant offers them food. In return Christ gives him the power of speaking out against the rich and powerful. 
Translations.
An authorised English translation has been made by Ed Emery.

</doc>
<doc id="36623482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623482" title="Iolaus aethes">
Iolaus aethes

Iolaus aethes is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon.

</doc>
<doc id="36623487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623487" title="Bandy World Championship for women 2008">
Bandy World Championship for women 2008

The Bandy World Championship 2008 for women took place in Borlänge, Grängesberg and Karlsbyheden, Sweden, between 13 and 16 February. It was the fourth World Championship in bandy for women. Sweden won the final against Russia 5-2 and became world champions for the fourth time. Finland won the bronze final 5-3 against Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="36623488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623488" title="Larry Huggins">
Larry Huggins

Larry Huggins (c. February 1950) is the president and chief executive officer of Riteway-Huggins Construction Services (formerly Riteway Construction Services Inc.) He is the former board Chairman of the Chicago-area commuter rail service Metra.
Career.
Huggins recovered from bankruptcy in the 1970s via affirmative action for Chicago contractors. He is also and alumnus and the former principal of Englewood Technical Prep Academy. Huggins is among the contractors who built AT&T Corporate Center (now known as Franklin Center). He served as vice president of Black Contractors United in the mid-1990s. Huggins is the founder of the annual Chicago Football Classic college football game played at Soldier Field between two historically black colleges and universities. He was appointed to the Board of directors of Metra by Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley in 1997 and became acting Chairman in April 2011. The board was supposed to select a permanent chairman from within its ranks by July 2011, but Huggins felt the Chairmanship was a Republican position and withdrew himself from consideration. Huggins served as acting chairman until November 2, 2012 when he was replaced by Brad O'Halloran. Huggins resigned from the board in August of 2013 days after O'Halloran reesigned. Huggins' resignation came after conversations with Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel about a patronage scandal.
His company has been involved in construction at O'Hare International Airport and McCormick Place, including the $115 million no-bid contract to manage the airport's people-mover system. Riteway Construction Services Inc. was the general contractor for Cook County Hospital. His company's role with the County Hospital was controversial when Riteway missed filing its 1997 corporate annual report, leading the Illinois Secretary of State to dissolve the company on January 2, 1998 just prior to the spring 1998 groundbreaking for the $551 million, 464-bed hospital that was four years in the making.
Personal.
Huggins spent part of his youth in Atlanta and part of it in the Englewood community area of Chicago. His sister, Phyllis, died in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="36623491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623491" title="Isma López">
Isma López

Ismael 'Isma' López Blanco (born 29 January 1990) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Sporting de Gijón in Segunda División, as a forward.
Football career.
Born in Pamplona, Navarre, López signed for Athletic Bilbao in 2005 at the age of 15, going on to spend three full seasons with the reserve side in the third division. He continued to play in the lower leagues in the following years, with Real Zaragoza B (fourth level) and CD Lugo (third), helping the latter promote to division two after an absence of twenty years in his only season.
López returned to the "Lions" – who had retained a buyback option on the player – in the summer of 2012, being offered a two-year contract with a €30 million clause. He scored twice on his official debut, helping to a 3–1 home win against NK Slaven Belupo in the UEFA Europa League's third qualifying round, on 8 August 2012 (4–3 aggregate success).

</doc>
<doc id="36623493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623493" title="Leon Geršković">
Leon Geršković

Dr. Leon Geršković (2 February 1910 – 1 April 1992) was Croatian Jewish lawyer, legal scholar and politician.
Geršković was born in Bučje, Pleternica on February 2, 1910. He attended the Faculty of Law at the University of Zagreb and graduated in 1933. Since 1935, he was a member of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia. Geršković was active member of the syndicate at the textile factory "Hermann Pollack & Sohn" in Zagreb. After graduation, Geršković worked as a lawyer, when in 1940 he opened his own private law office. Geršković joined the Partisans in 1941. In 1943, he became the first editor of Slobodna Dalmacija. From 1944, Geršković was the chief of administration at ZAVNOH. He was a recipient of the "Partizanska Spomenica 1941" ("Partisan memorial 1941"). Repeatedly he was the elected member of the SFR Yugoslavia National Assembly, state secretary at the federal executive council and member of the Parliament of the Socialist Republic of Croatia. He was a university professor who taught constitutional law and the municipal system. Geršković was one of the founders of Faculty of Political Science at the University of Zagreb in 1962, and its first dean until 1965. Also, he was a professor at the University of Belgrade Faculty of Law. Geršković started the journal "Politička Misao". Between 1946 and 1974, Geršković participated in the writing of the constitution of Yugoslavia. He died on April 1, 1992 in Zagreb and was buried at the Mirogoj Cemetery. 

</doc>
<doc id="36623496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623496" title="Iolaus aethria">
Iolaus aethria

Iolaus aethria, Karsch’s Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop), Cameroon and on Bioko. The habitat consists of forests.
The larvae feed on the flowers of "Loranthus incanus".

</doc>
<doc id="36623510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623510" title="Cadenazzo railway station">
Cadenazzo railway station

Cadenazzo railway station is a railway station in Ticino, Switzerland. It is located on the Locarno branch of the Gotthard railway, and is the junction point with that railway's Pino branch.
The station serves the municipality of Cadenazzo.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="36623556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623556" title="Ali Maloumat">
Ali Maloumat

Ali Maloumat (, born November 22, 1981, Chenaran) is an Iranian judoka. 
He competed for Iran at the following tournaments:

</doc>
<doc id="36623565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623565" title="Sazmartinshorn">
Sazmartinshorn

The Sazmartinshorn (2,827 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, overlooking St. Martin and the lake of Gigerwald in the canton of St. Gallen. It lies on the range east of Piz Sardona, that separates the Weisstannental from the Calfeisental. 
After the Pizol, the Sazmartinshorn is the second highest mountain lying entirely within the canton of St. Gallen.

</doc>
<doc id="36623571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623571" title="Ralph Barton (disambiguation)">
Ralph Barton (disambiguation)

Ralph Barton was an American artist.
Ralph Barton may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36623604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623604" title="United States presidential election in Pennsylvania, 1880">
United States presidential election in Pennsylvania, 1880

The 1880 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania took place on November 2, 1880, as part of the 1880 United States presidential election. Voters chose 29 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Pennsylvania voted for the Republican nominee, James A. Garfield, over the Democratic nominee, Winfield Scott Hancock. Garfield won Pennsylvania by a margin of 4.27%.

</doc>
<doc id="36623616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623616" title="Big Time Movie">
Big Time Movie

Big Time Movie is a theatrical film adaptation based on the Nickelodeon television series, "Big Time Rush". It premiered on Nickelodeon and theatrically released in theaters on March 10, 2012 (in the US). It features the members of Big Time Rush (aka the TV show and the band members) visiting London for their world tour, where they also have to save the world.
Plot.
The film starts after the intro of the cast and crew when Kendall, James, Carlos, and Logan are on their plane ride to London, their first stop for their tour. It is also so happens that Gustavo, Kelly, Katie, and Mrs. Knight come with them aboard on the ride. Still on the plane for a long time, Carlos meanwhile has a dream about Big Time Rush being secret spy agents, saving the world from a white-coloured suit tuxedo guy, and also including rescuing a Princess from a Castle and a lot more things that Carlos dreams about. Carlos ends up waking up and explaining to Kendall, James, and Logan about his spy dream, and the boys don't seem to believe in the dream.
The boys soon look at the window, and happen to find themselves finally landing in London, with Gustavo, Kelly, Katie, and Mrs. Knight. The 8 of them soon arrive at their Hotel, and start wandering all around. From the front desk to reading maps, James, Carlos, and Logan soon realize and notice that Kendall doesn't have his usual backpack from before. They notice that Kendall's backpack is a girly backpack, which they try to give a hint about it to him, but Kendall just thinks they're teasing him that his bag is girly.
While Katie and Mrs. Knight are somewhere else away from the boys, and Gustavo and Kelly, The boys, Gustavo, and Kelly find their Hotel suite and start jumping on their beds from big excitement. Gustavo and Kelly, on the other hand just warns them not to get into trouble in London, and to first of all out of all things, not to jump on their beds. Gustavo and Kelly leave the boys in their suite for a while, while the boys are doing things in their suite. Kendall then realizes his bag is another person's bag, even actually especially a girl's bag, when he puts the bag down on his bed. He opens the bag to see what is inside, and happens to be a beetle shaped gravitational device, which Kendall, James, Carlos, and Logan are scared by it. They open the gravitational device, which the beetle device glows green with the flaps open, while the guys find themselves floating in the air!
They close the device, when a girl crashes through their suite window who fights while the guys are just standing there, and later introduces herself as spy agent Penny Lane, who claims the backpack including the gravitational device kinda belonged to her. They soon become quite friends with her, which James develops a crush on her which he wants to be more than friends with Penny when Penny doesn't want to.
They, by Penny's orders are that Big Time Rush will be part in help of the mission, and actually in charge of the backpack with the gravitational device in it. They flee to Chinatown, but nothing really works. They finally start off as they join Penny in a black spy van with an AI, while Gustavo and Kelly worry about what the boys are up to like causing trouble while they are away from them. Meanwhile, while Gustavo and Kelly are still worrying about the boys, Kendall, James, and Logan seem to notice a bit that Carlos dream is coming true in real life, but still don't really believe in it while some of it is happening. After quite of some crazy action in the mission, Penny explains a white tux guy named Atticus Moon is trying to somehow take over the world using the Beetle, which the 3 are shocked to hear that Carlos' dream is actually continuing. Penny sets up a meeting in Hyde Park with Moon to give the Beetle back to Moon in order to get Penny's dad back, where the boys are having their soundcheck. Suddenly, the boys are in a driving chase.
Meanwhile, Gustavo and Kelly are being mad at for the boys being late for their soundcheck rehearsal, and end up doing their best to find them. Meanwhile for the storyline of Katie and Mrs. Knight, they were having their pastime with the Duke Of Bath which Katie really wants her mom to fall in love with over the pastime so Katie can become a princess like in her dream. After the HQ find a video clip of Gustavo and Kelly claiming "BTR will take over the world at their concert", they believe Gustavo and Kelly actually want to take over the world in a bad, evil, way which they're not. They kidnap Gustavo and Kelly and trap them in a room in their headquarters, where they torture the 2 of them by getting an Japanese guy with a really bad singing voice to sing Big Time Rush Karaoke to them.
While everyone's busy, (Gustavo and Kelly being tortured at the HQ) and (Katie and Mrs. Knight having pastime with the Duke Of Bath), the guys, including Penny disguise themselves so they could get past Moon's crew through the park so they could carefully get to the soundcheck. Kendall is a sports guy, James is disguised as a hippie, Carlos is a punky-like rockstar in black leather clothing, and Logan is in a dog mascot while Penny is disguised as a typical ordinary school girl/student. They don't really get to the park safely-they get into problems, like being chased by fans, being chased by a dog, and more. After the boys finish their soundcheck, they meet up with Penny backstage and rush to the field where Moon's helicopter landed. However only the boys see Moon, Penny Wants to assault Moon to make sure he does not win. However, she is foiled by one of Moon's henchmen but they manage to escape to an underground-base to get weapons but Penny's dad is accidentally knocked out by Logan with a dart.
At the hotel, Mrs. Knight is getting ready for her dinner with the Duke,Katie finds out that the Duke of Bath is actually a toilet salesman by seeing one of his adverts. When she walks out of her room to the hallway, Atticus Moon is there to kidnap her. He then contacts the BTR gang saying that BTR won't see Katie again if they don't bring him the Beetle in 1 hour. Meanwhile at the MI6 HQ, they find out that Gustavo was only using the phrase metaphorically and drop them off at a sheep field because they don't want a public scandal on their hands. Meanwhile, Moon's henchmen manage to steal the Beetle back. While all seems lost, the guys decide to assault Moon's castle like they did in Carlos's dream.
The MI6 Agency figure out Moon's plan and try to stop him but can't because Moon is jamming communication signals so no one gets in his way. After the boys manage to defeat Moon and save Katie, the MI6 agents arrive at the scene to give the boys a helicopter ride to Hyde Park just in time for the boys to finally start their world tour.
Reception.
"Big Time Movie" averaged 12.4 million total viewers and ranks as the week’s (3/4/12-3/11/12) number-one telecast with kids 2-11 (6.1/2.2 million), kids 6-11 (8.9/1.9 million) and tweens 9-14 (8.2/1.7 million). Over the whole weekend, "Big Time Movie" reached 13.1 million total viewers.
Rating.
"Big Time Movie" was rated PG by the MPAA for some mild crude humor, smurfy language and stylized action.
Home media.
The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on August 28, 2012, together with "Rags".
Soundtrack.
The "Big Time Movie Soundtrack - EP" is the official soundtrack of the movie which features six songs from The Beatles. It was released on March 6, 2012. because it sold over 10,000 copies in its first week, it debuted at number 44 on the top 200 charts in March, and also reached number 2 on the top iTunes 100 pop charts becoming a hugely popular release.
Awards & Honors.
The movie received a nomination at the 65th Directors Guild of America Awards for Outstanding Directing in a Children's Program. It was also ranked the 4th Best Movie Overall of 2012 as voted by viewers on Hit Zone Hit List.
Broadcast.
The film premiered on March 9, 2012 in Canada and on May 26, 2012 in the United Kingdom and Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="36623629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623629" title="Frans Viljoen">
Frans Viljoen

Francois Jakobus 'Frans' Viljoen (born 22 October 1982) is a South African rugby union footballer who regularly plays as a loose forward.
Career.
Viljoen represented the in the Currie Cup and the in Super Rugby. He has had something of a nomadic career with spells playing for the and in his home country and Aironi in Italy. He has also completed short loan spells for Stade Français and the .
Only July 13, 2013 it was announced that Viljoen would join French side Lyon.

</doc>
<doc id="36623657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623657" title="Josephine Fröhlich">
Josephine Fröhlich

Josephine "Pipi" Fröhlich (Born December 12, 1803 in Vienna - Died May 7, 1878 in Vienna) was an Austrian opera singer (alto).
Family.
Josephine Fröhlich had three sisters, Anna Frölich (1793-1880), Barbara Fröhlich (1797-1879), and pianist Katharina Fröhlich (1800-1879). Their household was a prominent place for musical activity within Vienna. Franz Schubert was a good friend of the family, and a frequent guest at music gatherings at their home, where he often performed his own compositions or improvised on the piano. At Anna's request, he wrote a few compositions for Anna, Josephine and Anna's students. Schubert wrote the solo part in two of his major compositions for Josephine's voice. The poet Franz Grillparzer, who also was a family friend, wrote the lyrics to the compositions. The two works are Zögernd Leise D 921 (1827) and the cantata Miriam Siegesgesang D 942 (1828).
Career.
Fröhlich studied in the years 1819-21 and sang with the Society of Music Friends in Vienna with her sister, Anna Frölich (1793-1880). She made her operatic debut in Mozart's opera Die Entführung aus dem Serail in 1821. After her debut in Vienna she went on tour in Scandinavia. In Denmark was awarded the title of the Kongelige Kammersangere (Royal Opera singer) of Frederik VI. After touring in Prague in 1826 and Milan in 1830, she permanently settled down in Vienna, where she became private vocal teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="36623658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623658" title="Iolaus agnes">
Iolaus agnes

Iolaus agnes, the Agnes Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria (the Cross River loop), Cameroon, the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Uele and Tshopo). The habitat consists of wet forests.

</doc>
<doc id="36623694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623694" title="2012 Vintage Yachting Games – Dragon">
2012 Vintage Yachting Games – Dragon

The Dragon was an event on the 2012 Vintage Yachting Games program at Lake Como, Italy. Five out of the nine scheduled race were entered. 39 sailors, on 13 boats, from 9 nations entered.
Race area and Course.
Of the three Campo's (Race Area's) available for the 2012 Vintage Yachting Games at Lake Como Campo Alpha was used for the Dragon event. In general this Campo is situated in North of Dervio.
For the 2012 edition of the Vintage Yachting Games three different courses were available. The Dragon could use only course 2.
Wind conditions.
The Northern part of Lake Como was reportedly a thermic wind venue. In this time of year the normal situation is that at about 13:00 the Swiss mountains are heated up and a Southern wind hits the racing areas with about 10 to 14 knots. As result of this no races were scheduled in the morning. Unfortunately during the event the temperature in Switzerland were low. Also was the thermal South breeze battling with the gradient wind from the North. As result the actual wind did not came above the 8 knots during the races and was instable at times.
Campo Alpha has normally a tendency to have a slightly higher wind speed than Campo Charlie this due to the fact that it is more Northern than Charlie so that the Southern thermal breeze is strengthened.
Races.
Summary.
In the Dragon five out of the planned nine races were completed.
The Dragon class (Olympic between 1948 – 1972) had her first competitor from Africa ever. The South African (RSA) team did reasonably good with an eight place overall.
The Dutch team of Reinier Wissenraet, Pim ten Harmsen van der Beek, Marc Reijnhoudt also the defending champion came in on second place. Bronze was taken by Vasiliy Senatorov, Igor Ivashintsov, Alex Muzichenko from Russia. But the gold was for the Ukrainian team of Yevgen Braslavetz, Georgii Leonchuk, Sergey Timokhov.

</doc>
<doc id="36623701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623701" title="Kjell-Åke Nilsson">
Kjell-Åke Nilsson

Kjell-Åke Nilsson is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36623707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623707" title="Trimethylene carbonate">
Trimethylene carbonate

Trimethylene carbonate or 1,3-propylene carbonate is a 6-membered cyclic carbonate ester. It is a colourless solid that upon heating converts to the polytrimethyl carbonate. Such polymers are of interest for biomedical applications. An isomeric derivative is propylene carbonate, a colourless liquid that does not spontaneously polymerize.
Preparation.
This compound may be prepared from 1,3-propanediol and ethyl chloroformate (a phosgene substitute), or from oxetane and carbon dioxide with an appropriate catalyst:
This cyclic carbonate undergoes ring-opening polymerization to give poly(trimethylene carbonate), abbreviated PTC. The polymer PTC is of commercial interest as a biodegradable polymer with biomedical applications.

</doc>
<doc id="36623712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623712" title="United States presidential election in Pennsylvania, 1876">
United States presidential election in Pennsylvania, 1876

The 1876 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania took place on November 7, 1876, as part of the 1876 United States presidential election. Voters chose 29 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Pennsylvania voted for the Republican nominee, Rutherford B. Hayes, over the Democratic nominee, Samuel J. Tilden. Hayes won Pennsylvania by a margin of 2.37%.

</doc>
<doc id="36623724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623724" title="Björn Reinholdsson">
Björn Reinholdsson

Björn Reinholdsson is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36623725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623725" title="Víctor Hugo Melgar">
Víctor Hugo Melgar

Víctor Hugo Melgar (born February 28, 1988 in Tarija, Bolivia) is a Bolivian footballer currently playing for The Strongest.

</doc>
<doc id="36623728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623728" title="Le Roi des resquilleurs">
Le Roi des resquilleurs

Le Roi des resquilleurs is a French film directed by Pierre Colombier, released in 1930. It was distributed in the USA as "The King of the Gate Crashers".
The film.
The film is the first of a series of films containing the character of "Bouboule", created by the singer Milton and comprising "La Bande à Bouboule" (1931), directed by Léon Mathot, "Le Roi du cirage" (1931), directed by Pierre Colombier, "Bouboule Ier, roi des Nègres" (1933), directed by Léon Mathot, and "Prince Bouboule", directed by Jacques Houssin (1939).
A "remake" was released in 1945, starring Jean-Devaivre and Rellys.

</doc>
<doc id="36623735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623735" title="Sten Stjernqvist">
Sten Stjernqvist

Sten Stjernqvist is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36623741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623741" title="HM Prison Glenochil">
HM Prison Glenochil

HMP Glenochil is a prison located near Tullibody, Scotland. It houses male offenders of High, Medium and Low security classifications. The prison does not accept prisoners directly from the courts but commits prisoners who have been previously convicted and located in other prisons, primarily HMP Edinburgh and HMP Barlinnie. The prison has a design capacity of 670 prisoners and in May 2010 held 668 prisoners (284 short-term, 384 long-term).
History.
Glenochil was first opened in 1966 as a Detention Centre. It was extended in 1975 to become a Young Offender's Institution and Detention Centre. In the 1980s it began holding long-term prisoners and in 2007 began accepting short term prisoners.

</doc>
<doc id="36623755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623755" title="Jörgen Engqvist">
Jörgen Engqvist

Jörgen Engqvist is a Swedish former footballer who played as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36623757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623757" title="Ross Geldenhuys">
Ross Geldenhuys

Ross Geldenhuys (born 19 April 1983) is a South African rugby union footballer. His regular playing position is as a tighthead prop.
In 2013, he represented the in the Currie Cup. He was initially named in the squad for the 2013 Super Rugby season, but was later released to the 2013 Vodacom Cup squad.

</doc>
<doc id="36623777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623777" title="Bror Pettersson">
Bror Pettersson

Bror Pettersson is a Swedish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="36623783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623783" title="Samuel Kercheval">
Samuel Kercheval

Samuel Kercheval (March 1767, Frederick County, Virginia – 14 November 1845, Middletown, Virginia) was a Virginia lawyer and author. His "A History of the Valley of Virginia" (1st edition, 1833) provides important primary information on the earliest white settlements of the Shenandoah Valley and South Branch Potomac River and their encounters with local Indians.
Biography.
Kercheval married Susannah Chinn on 23 September 1787. His "Valley of Virginia" was so popular that the first edition was soon exhausted. He died before the second edition came out. He lived at the time of his death at "Harmony Hall" between Strasburg and Middletown.

</doc>
<doc id="36623785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623785" title="Iolaus apatosa">
Iolaus apatosa

Iolaus apatosa is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found along the coast of Kenya and the northern coast of Tanzania. The habitat consists of open forests and moist savanna.
The larvae feed on "Helixanthera" species, including "Helixanthera kirkii".

</doc>
<doc id="36623790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623790" title="Bertil Nord">
Bertil Nord

Bertil Nord is a Swedish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="36623793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623793" title="Jim Jam and Sunny">
Jim Jam and Sunny

Jim Jam and Sunny is a children's television programme that airs on the CITV channel. It first aired in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36623797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623797" title="Karjasoo">
Karjasoo

Karjasoo is a village in Suure-Jaani Parish, Viljandi County in central Estonia, located about west of the town of Suure-Jaani, the administrative centre of the municipality. Most of the village's territory is covered by the northern part of Kuresoo Bog which is part of the Soomaa National Park. Karjasoo has a population of 7 (as of 2009).
Composer, organist and folk songs collector Mart Saar (1882–1963) was born in Hüpassaare which is now part of Karjasoo village.

</doc>
<doc id="36623801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623801" title="Carsten Olausson">
Carsten Olausson

Carsten Olausson is a Swedish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="36623812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623812" title="Manuel Onwu">
Manuel Onwu

Manuel Onwu Villafranca (born 11 January 1988) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CA Osasuna as a forward.
Club career.
Born in Tudela, Navarre to a Nigerian father and a Spanish mother, and raised in neighbouring Valtierra, Onwu started playing with Club Atlético Valtierrano then moved to local CD Tudelano, making his senior debuts with the latter in 2006, in the fourth division. The following year he signed with neighbouring CA Osasuna, being assigned to its B-team and going on to serve two loans in the lower leagues subsequently. 
In the 2011–12 season, Onwu scored 11 goals in 30 games with the reserves in the third level. On 11 March 2012 he made his first-team – and La Liga – debut, coming on as a second-half substitute in a 2–1 home win against Athletic Bilbao. Two matchdays later he made his first start, in a 2–0 away win over Levante UD (71 minutes played).

</doc>
<doc id="36623817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623817" title="Andrew Kooman">
Andrew Kooman

Andrew Kooman is an author and playwright from Red Deer, Alberta, Canada.
Personal life.
Andrew Kooman is from Red Deer, Alberta, and graduated from the Bachelor of Arts collaborative degree program between Red Deer College and the University of Calgary in 2003. He also studied English and creative writing at a university in Edmonton, and graduated from the Multimedia Web Developer program at the University of Calgary in 2008. As of June 2012, he was working in public relations at Red Deer College.
Activism.
Andrew Kooman first became aware of the issue of human trafficking while he was working for the Christian nonprofit organization Youth With A Mission (YWAM) in southeast Malaysia, where he met child victims of human trafficking, but Kooman later came to realize that human trafficking is an issue in Canada as well; the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) estimate that between 600 and 800 people are trafficked into Canada every year. Kooman has spoken about the cases in which people have been trafficked into Calgary and Edmonton in order to work in the sex industry, and has posited that sex workers have likely been trafficked into his hometown of Red Deer as well since it is also located along Alberta Highway 2. Kooman continued to work in Malaysia with YWAM for two years, towards the end of which time he visited Singapore, where he attended an international conference on human trafficking, there learning details on the issue that shocked him. The conference focused on the military use of children and the prostitution of children. One of the facts that stuck with Kooman was that there are children aged five and under who are forcibly prostituted daily, and that many of these children end up spending their entire lives as human trafficking victims. Kooman is the director of Raise Their Voice, a creative, justice-driven, nonprofit organisation in Red Deer. The other four members of the organization are his family members.
Writing career.
Andrew Kooman is an author and playwright. All of Kooman's writings focus on justice and many of the issues he writes about are gender-based. Kooman's first literary reaction to human trafficking was to write some short stories. Eventually, he also started writing the play that became "She Has a Name" in order to bring attention to the issue of human trafficking, specifically in its connections to sexual exploitation. In 2009, the script of "She Has a Name" was given the Scripts At Work/Alberta Playwrights Network Award. By February 2012, Kooman was working on a screenplay version of "She Has a Name" in order to expose it to a larger audience. Some Americans expressed an interest in staging "She Has a Name" in the United States. After starting to write this play, Kooman read about the Ranong human-trafficking incident in a Canadian newspaper and also heard about it through a friend of his who was working at an aftercare centre in Bangkok, Thailand to restore the dignity of former sex workers. Knowing that many of the impoverished girls who are smuggled in this manner become enslaved in brothels as child prostitutes, Kooman used the incident in the backstory of the play. There was a tour of "She Has a Name" in 2012, and the final performances were held in Red Deer. Kooman was glad to have the tour conclude in his hometown because the people of Central Alberta were very supportive of the play. During the tour, Kooman was awarded the Outstanding Alumnus Provincial Award Celebrating Excellence (PACE) by the Alberta Association of Colleges & Technical Institutes (AACTI) and the Alberta Ministry of Enterprise. In conjunction with this award, a $5000 scholarship was set up in Kooman's name, which he chose to have awarded to students who evince creativity, leadership, and a commitment to those who are in need. The PACE Award ceremony is biennial, and took place on June 13 in Edmonton at the AACTI Board of Governors Conference.
Before writing "She Has a Name", Kooman had written other pieces of literature that had been published, such as the young-adult novel "Ten Silver Coins: The Drylings of Acchora", but this was his first full-length play. He had, however, been writing shorter plays since 2007, and has written other full-length plays since "She Has a Name", including one about Richard Wurmbrand, a Romanian Christian who was a political prisoner of the Soviet Union in the 1950s, and another about the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands; these plays are called "We Are The Body" and "Delft Blue" respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="36623820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623820" title="2012 Vintage Yachting Games – 5.5 Metre">
2012 Vintage Yachting Games – 5.5 Metre

The 5.5 Metre was an event on the 2012 Vintage Yachting Games program at Lake Como, Italy. Five out of the nine scheduled race were entered. 45 sailors, on 15 boats, from 7 nations entered.
Race area and Course.
Of the three Campo's (Race Area's) available for the 2012 Vintage Yachting Games at Lake Como Campo Alpha was used for the 5.5 Metre event. In general this Campo is situated in North of Dervio.
For the 2012 edition of the Vintage Yachting Games three different courses were available. The 5.5 Metre could use only course 2.
Wind conditions.
The Northern part of Lake Como was reportedly a thermic wind venue. In this time of year the normal situation is that at about 13:00 the Swiss mountains are heated up and a Southern wind hits the racing areas with about 10 to 14 knots. As result of this no races were scheduled in the morning. Unfortunately during the event the temperature in Switzerland were low. Also was the thermal South breeze battling with the gradient wind from the North. As result the actual wind did not came above the 8 knots during the races and was instable at times.
Campo Alpha has normally a tendency to have a slightly higher wind speed than Campo Charlie this due to the fact that it is more Northern than Charlie so that the Southern thermal breeze is strengthened.
Races.
Summary.
In the 5.5 Metre five out of the planned nine races were completed.
The fleet of the 5.5 Metre (Olympic between 1952 – 1968) was very impressive. With 15 boats racing it was not the largest fleet but the size of the boats and the sail area made the class very present at Lake Como. Since all 5.5’s are build from a different design, the speed of each boat can differ as well. But the racing remained close and competitive. The class had chosen to bring the classic designs to the Vintage. This means boats designed in their Olympic period from 1952 to 1968. The choice of design period for the next Vintage is still open.
The races went between William Borel, Yves Duclos-Grenet, Adrien Baumelle, from France, Anders Nordman, Robert Segercrantz, Johan Hjelt, from Finland and the team of Olympian Hubert Reich, Dr. Wolfgang Oehler, Christian Hemmerich, from Germany sailing in their Olympic boat from 1964. In the end the Finnish team took the gold followed by the German team of “Biwi” Reich.

</doc>
<doc id="36623826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623826" title="Bror Eliasson">
Bror Eliasson

Bror Eliasson was a Swedish footballer who played as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36623830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623830" title="Luís Carlos Correia Pinto">
Luís Carlos Correia Pinto

Luís Carlos Correia Pinto (born 5 May 1985 in Porto), commonly known as Luisinho, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Deportivo de La Coruña in Spain, as a left defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36623834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623834" title="Amir Ghaseminejad">
Amir Ghaseminejad

Amir Ghaseminejad (, born in 1983 in Mashhad) is an Iranian judoka. 
He competed for Iran at the following tournaments:

</doc>
<doc id="36623844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623844" title="Bernard Beuken">
Bernard Beuken

Bernard Beuken is a Belgian former footballer who played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36623858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623858" title="Luckyiam">
Luckyiam

Tommy Woolfolk, better known by his stage name Luckyiam, is a rapper from Los Angeles, California. He is a founding member of Living Legends. He is also a member of CMA and Mystik Journeymen.
History.
Luckyiam released "Most Likely to Succeed" in 2007.
In 2009, he released a collaborative album, "One Uppers", with Sapient of Debaser as The Prime.
"I Love Haters" was released as a free download on Lifted Research Group's website in 2011. The album features guest appearances from Aceyalone and Slug.
He released "Time to Get Lucky" in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36623863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623863" title="Shadow Falls">
Shadow Falls

Shadow Falls is a series of fantasy-themed novels written by author C.C. Hunter. The series centers around 16 year-old teen Kylie Galen, who is sent off to Shadow Falls Camp by her mother, only to find out that the camp is meant as a summer institution for supernatural beings. And she goes on a quest to discover her own supernatural identity while also being constantly confronted by the spirits that visit her.
The first novel, "Born at Midnight" was released on March 11, 2011; the second, "Awake at Dawn" was released on October 11, 2011; the third "Taken at Dusk" on April 10, 2012, and the fourth book, "Whispers at Moonrise" was released on October 2, 2012. The fifth and final novel, "Chosen at Nightfall" was released on April 23, 2013. On March 15, 2011, a short story was released, entitled "Turned at Dark". A side-story, "Saved at Sunrise", was released as an e-book on Amazon on April 2, 2013.
C.C. Hunter has confirmed that she will be continuing the series from the perspective of vampire Della Tsang.; the continuation called "". The first two stories regarding her adventures are currently titled "Reborn" and "Eternal".
Plot.
"Born at Midnight".
One night, Kylie Galen finds herself at the wrong party, with the wrong people, and it changes her life forever. Her mother ships her off to Shadow Falls - a camp for troubled teens - and within hours of arriving, it becomes painfully clear that her fellow campers aren't just "troubled". Here at Shadow Falls, vampires, werewolves, shapeshifters, witches and fairies train side by side, learning to harness their powers, control their magic, and live in the normal world.
Kylie's never felt normal, but surely she doesn't belong here with a bunch of paranormal freaks, either. Or does she? They insist Kylie is one of them and that she was brought here for a reason. As if life wasn't complicated enough, enter Derek and Lucas. Derek's a half Fae who's determined to be her boyfriend, and Lucas is a smokin' hot werewolf with whom Kylie shares a secret past. Derek and Lucas couldn't be more different, but they both have a powerful hold on her heart.
Even though Kylie feels deeply uncertain about everything, one thing is becoming painfully clear. Shadow Falls is exactly where she belongs...
"Awake at Dawn".
From the moment Kylie Galen arrived at Shadow Falls Camp, she's had one burning question: What am I? Surrounded by vampires, werewolves, shape-shifters, fairies, and witches, Kylie longs to figure out her own supernatural identity... and what her burgeoning powers mean. And now she'll need them more than ever, because she's being haunted by a new spirit who insists that someone Kylie knows - and loves - will die before the end of the summer. If only she knew who she was supposed to save. And how...
But giving Kylie the most trouble is her aching heart. Gorgeous werewolf Lucas left camp with another girl, but he's still visiting her in her dreams. And Derek, a sexy half Fae who's always been there for her when she needed him, is pushing to get more serious - and growing impatient, especially when Lucas returns. Kylie knows she needs to decide between the boys, and it's tearing her up inside.
Yet romance will have to wait, because something from the dark side of the supernatural world is hiding in Shadow Falls. It's about to threaten everything Kylie holds dear... and bring her closer to her destiny.
"Taken at Dusk".
Kylie Galen wants the truth so badly she can taste it. The truth about who her real family is, the truth about which boy she's meant to be with – and the truth about what her emerging powers mean. But she's about to discover that some secrets can change your life forever... and not always for the better.
Just when she and Lucas are finally getting close, she learns that his pack has forbidden them from being together. Was it a mistake to pick him over Derek? And it's not just romance troubling Kylie. An amnesia-stricken ghost is haunting her, delivering a frightful warning: someone lives and someone dies. As Kylie races to unravel the mystery and protect those she loves, she finally unlocks the secret to her supernatural identity. And the truth is far different - and more astonishing - than she ever imagined.
"Whispers at Moonrise".
Even at a camp for supernatural teens, Kylie Galen has never been normal. Not only can she see ghosts, but she doesn’t seem to belong to any one species — she exhibits traits from them all. As Kylie struggles to unlock the secrets of her identity, she begins to worry that Lucas will never be able to accept her for what she is, and what she isn’t… a werewolf. With his pack standing in their way, Kylie finds herself turning more and more to Derek, the only person in her life who’s willing to accept the impossible.
As if life isn't hard enough, she starts getting visits from the ghost of Holiday, her closest confidante. Trouble is, Holiday isn't dead... not yet anyway. Now Kylie must race to save one of her own from an unseen danger before it's too late - all while trying to stop her relationships with Lucas from slipping away forever. In a world of constant confusion, there's only one thing Kylie knows for sure: Change is inevitable and all things must come to an end... maybe even her time at Shadow Falls.
"Chosen at Nightfall".
Kylie Galen's life hasn't been the same since her world was turned upside-down in "Born at Midnight", Shadow Falls #1, and now an epic conclusion to her journey — not to mention a tough choice between two guys! — is brewing in "Chosen at Nightfall":
When Kylie Galen left Shadow Falls, she thought it was the hardest decision of her life. Heartbroken and separated from everyone she loves, she has to embrace her abilities and what it means to be a chameleon. But as Kylie's journey comes to a close, she must return to the camp that started it all... and she must finally chose between the two boys who love her. The werewolf who broke her heart when he chose his pack over her, and the half-fae who ran from their intense attraction before they ever really had a chance. For Kylie, everything will finally be revealed and nothing will ever be the same.
Side-Stories.
"Turned at Dark".
Independent and strong-willed Della Tsang hadn't believed in ghosts until she saw her dead cousin darting into the shadows of an alley. She hadn't believed in vampires until in the dark of that same night she is turned into one. Introduced to a strange world of supernaturals, she struggles to accept this new reality. Unfortunately, the boy she loves senses something different about her and can't accept her. Should she follow her vampire cousin's lead-walk away from everything she's knows and loves-and fake her own death? Or should she set her pride aside and ask for help from the camp leader of Shadow Falls-a camp where supernaturals go to learn how to cope with their powers. Either way, her life as she knows it, will never be the same.
"Saved at Sunrise".
Nestled deep in the woods, Shadow Falls is a secret camp where teens with supernatural powers learn to harness their abilities and live in the normal world. But Shadow Falls is facing a problem that could finally expose them to the rest of the world. Humans are showing up dead and rogue vampires may be to blame.
Camp resident Della Tsang, who’s still coming into her own vampire powers, is assigned to help find those responsible. If she succeeds, maybe she’ll even land her dream job: working for the F.R.U., the enforcers of the supernatural world. But when she sees her new partner is the hunky shapeshifter, things get complicated. Steve, too gorgeous to be trusted and capable of seeing through her tough-as-nails exterior, gets under this vampire’s skin. Only hours into the mission, Della realizes rogue vampires aren’t the only threat she’s facing. If she’s ever going to complete her assignment, she’ll need his help…but learning to trust him will be her hardest challenge yet.

</doc>
<doc id="36623866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623866" title="Ovadia Harari">
Ovadia Harari

Ovadia Harari (September 3, 1943, Cairo, Egypt – July 15, 2012, Israel) was an Egyptian-born Israeli aerospace engineer. He was a two-time recipient of the Israel Defense Prize (1969 and 1975) and a recipient of the Israel Prize, the country's highest civilian honor, in 1987 for his contribution to the IAI Lavi project.
Harari was a graduate of the Technion and received an MBA from INSEAD in France. He was influential in the development of Israel Aerospace Industries.
He died on July 15, 2012 at the age of 68 and was buried in Hod HaSharon.

</doc>
<doc id="36623879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623879" title="Rajalakshmi (disambiguation)">
Rajalakshmi (disambiguation)

Rajalakshmi (1930 - 1965) was a Malayalam writer and poet in India 
Rajalakshmi may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36623890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623890" title="Jan Serfontein">
Jan Serfontein

Jan Serfontein (born ) is a South African rugby union footballer. He plays as a centre for the in Super Rugby and for the in the Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup competitions.
Career.
Serfontein was a member of the South Africa under 20 team that won the 2012 IRB Junior World Championship. His performances in the tournament led to him being named 2012 IRB Junior Player of the Year. He was also included in the squad for the 2013 IRB Junior World Championship, but was later withdrawn in order to make him available for the senior national team.
He made his debut for the Springboks versus Italy on 8 June 2013 at Kings Park Stadium in Durban, playing from the bench as a replacement for Bryan Habana from the 71st minute.
Personal.
He is the younger brother of lock Boela Serfontein. His father Boelie was also a provincial rugby player, playing as a number eight for , and his grandfather was Jack Slater, a former Springbok winger.

</doc>
<doc id="36623895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623895" title="United States presidential election in Pennsylvania, 1872">
United States presidential election in Pennsylvania, 1872

The 1872 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania took place on November 5, 1872, as part of the 1872 United States presidential election. Voters chose 29 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Pennsylvania voted for the Republican candidate, Ulysses S. Grant, over the Liberal Republican candidate, Horace Greeley. Grant won Pennsylvania by a margin of 24.42%.

</doc>
<doc id="36623898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623898" title="Michael Brandasu">
Michael Brandasu

Michael Brandasu (born 5 September 1986 in Netherlands) is a Dutch ice hockey player, who currently plays in defence for the Stavanger Oilers and the Netherlands national ice hockey team. 
Michael Brandasu has formerly played for Viking, the Danish club Amager Ishockey and the Dutch U20- and U18-national teams.

</doc>
<doc id="36623904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623904" title="Bengt Berg (footballer)">
Bengt Berg (footballer)

Bengt Berg is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36623905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623905" title="Khaled Fairouz">
Khaled Fairouz

Khaled Fairouz is a kuwait football Forward who played for Kuwait in the 1996 Asian Cup. He also played for Yarmook

</doc>
<doc id="36623909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623909" title="Koshelikha">
Koshelikha

Koshelikha () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36623915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623915" title="Kensington College of Business">
Kensington College of Business

Kensington College of Business (KCB) is an independent higher education institution located in Holborn, London.
Background.
KCB was established in 1982 and celebrated its Silver Jubilee in 2007. It specialises primarily in Business and Information Technology.
KCB concentrates in three areas of education:
Associations.
Kensington College of Business is a London campus of the Glyndwr University to offer MBA, MSc, BA and BSc programs. 
Kensington College of Business is a registered centre with the University of London and the University of Wales to deliver the programs and receive validations from the respective universities. KCB also offers courses in collaboration with the University of South Wales, the University of Hertfordshire, and the University of Portsmouth.
KCB created a subsidiary institution named the Laksamana College of Business in Darussalam, Brunei, allowing students there to receive a foundation degree accredited by KCB. These students may then continue their education at KCB in London to receive their university degree.
Validations.
All undergraduate and postgraduate programs offered by KCB are validated by the University of Wales with the exception of the Law degree (LLB) which is awarded by University of London.
KCB itself is accredited to offer foundation degrees in Business and IT, while students seeking university degrees must sit for exams at the University of Wales.
Academics.
KCB courses validated by the University of Wales include BA-level study in Business Studies, Marketing, Information Technology, Business Accounting and Finance; MBA-level studies in Health Care Management, Tourism and Hospitality Management, Travel Management, Information Technology Management, Finance, Human Resource Management, Marketing, International Management, Security Management, Banks and Financial Institutions Management as well as General Studies; and MSc-level studies in Computing.
KCB courses validated by the University of London include LLB studies.

</doc>
<doc id="36623920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623920" title="Robert Kjellin">
Robert Kjellin

Robert Kjellin is a Swedish former footballer who played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36623925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623925" title="Abdullah Seehan">
Abdullah Seehan

Abdullah Seehan is a kuwait football Midfielder who played for Kuwait in the 1996 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Arabi

</doc>
<doc id="36623936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623936" title="Railway Wood">
Railway Wood

Railway Wood is a woodland in County Durham, England, near the village of Fence Houses. It covers a total area of . It is owned and managed by the Woodland Trust. 

</doc>
<doc id="36623938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623938" title="Kooman">
Kooman

Kooman is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36623943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623943" title="Jan Inge Andersson">
Jan Inge Andersson

Jan Inge Andersson is a Swedish former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36623950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623950" title="Javad Mahjoub">
Javad Mahjoub

Javad Mahjoub (, born in Mashhad) is an Iranian judoka. 
He competed for Iran at the following tournaments:

</doc>
<doc id="36623951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623951" title="Central Sports Club of the Armed Forces of Ukraine">
Central Sports Club of the Armed Forces of Ukraine

Central Sports Club of the Armed Forces of Ukraine (, transliteration: "Tsentralnyi Sportyvnyi Klub Zbroinykh Syl Ukrayiny") or CSK ZSU () is a sports club that was created on December 15, 1992 based on the Soviet Sports Club of Army (SKA Kiev) in Kiev (regional center of CSKA Moscow), which dissolved after the fall of the Soviet Union. CSK ZSU is subordinated to the Sport Administration of Ministry of Defense (created on April 29, 1992).
Brief overview.
Soviet Union.
The predecessor of CSK ZSU was the Sports Club of the Kiev Military District (SK KVO) which was established on April 1, 1957 by the district's administration of military training as a regional department of the Sports Society of Armed Forces of the USSR. The club was based on the Sports Club of the Kiev Military District Officers' Club (SKDO Kiev). The newly established club included following sports establishments:
The Palace of sports, stadium and the shooting range were all inherited from the Officers' Club. The swimming pool, initially uncovered, was part of the Officers' Club since 1951. However after its reconstruction in 1956, it was handed to the administration of military training and was transferred to the sports club only on April 1, 1958, a year later. The equestrian sports facilities were created on the base of a liquidated stables of the 114th Separate Rifle Company and were transferred to the sports club as well. In 1957 the football squad of military servicemen from the Soviet Class B (third tier) were added to the club. The football squad was completely sponsored by the Kiev Military District headquarters. In 1959 the team however was dissolved.
On May 10, 1960, a day after the Victory Day, the club was renamed into the Sports Club of Army (SKA Kiev). On July 4, 1962 the shooting sports facilities were transferred to the military unit #01626. Since May 20, 1971 the club was transferred to the staff of #48/105-A and on December 15 it adopted the number 14 becoming the 14th Sports Club of Army. On February 12, 1980 the club created two children and youth sports schools. One school was for fighting sports and team sports, while another - for other Olympic sports.
Ukraine.
With fall of the Soviet Union all Soviet organization that were funded through the central government ceased to exist. In 1992 the Kiev Military District was dissolved, some of its components were moved to Russia, another were transferred to the Armed Forces of Ukraine. The former SKA Kiev was discontinued and all its assets were transferred into the newly formed the Central Sports Club which absorbed all the Soviet Army centers based in Ukraine such as Odessa, Lviv, and Sevastopol (every one corresponds to the administrative center of a Soviet military district).
Medal tables.
Medals by summer sport.
Updated for 2012 Olympics

</doc>
<doc id="36623952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623952" title="Windsor (CDP), Vermont">
Windsor (CDP), Vermont

Windsor is a census-designated place (CDP) comprising the main settlement within the town of Windsor, Windsor County, Vermont, United States. The population of the CDP was 2,066 at the 2010 census, compared with 3,553 for the town as a whole.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , of which is land and , or 8.13%, is water. It is located along the Connecticut River, which forms the state boundary with New Hampshire.
U.S. Route 5 runs north-south through the village, connecting White River Junction to the north with Springfield and Bellows Falls to the south. Vermont Route 44 (Union Street) runs west from the center of the village towards Brownsville and South Reading. Interstate 91 passes west of the village but does not serve it directly; the closest access is Exit 9 in Hartland. The Cornish–Windsor Covered Bridge, one of the longest covered bridges in the world, crosses the Connecticut River from Windsor into Cornish, New Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="36623957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623957" title="Stour Wood">
Stour Wood

Stour Wood is a woodland in Essex, England, near the village of Wrabness. It covers a total area of . It is owned and managed by the Woodland Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="36623959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623959" title="United States presidential election in Pennsylvania, 1868">
United States presidential election in Pennsylvania, 1868

The 1868 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania took place on November 3, 1868, as part of the 1868 United States presidential election. Voters chose 26 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Pennsylvania voted for the Republican nominee, Ulysses S. Grant, over the Democratic nominee, Horatio Seymour. Grant won Pennsylvania by a margin of 4.4%.

</doc>
<doc id="36623963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623963" title="List of Italian football transfers summer 2012 (August)">
List of Italian football transfers summer 2012 (August)


</doc>
<doc id="36623972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623972" title="Iolaus arborifera">
Iolaus arborifera

Iolaus arborifera is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the highlands of Kenya. The habitat consists of montane forests.
The larvae feed on "Englerina woodfordioides" and "Loranthus freisiorum".

</doc>
<doc id="36623976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623976" title="Whittaker Wood">
Whittaker Wood

Whittaker Wood is a woodland in Greater Manchester, England, near Littleborough. It covers a total area of . It is owned and managed by the Woodland Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="36623987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623987" title="Oldmoor Wood">
Oldmoor Wood

Oldmoor Wood is a woodland in Nottinghamshire, England, near the village of Strelley. It covers a total area of . It is owned and managed by the Woodland Trust. 

</doc>
<doc id="36623993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623993" title="Diego del Real Galindo">
Diego del Real Galindo

Diego Alan del Real Galindo (born 6 March 1994) is a Mexican hammer thrower.
He competed in boys' hammer throw at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics, finishing first in the B final.
Personal life.
Diego Alan Del Real Galindo was born in Monterrey, Nuevo León in the Country of Mexico. He studied at Universidad Autonoma de Nuevo León.
One of the greatest Hammer Throw Athletes of Mexico, with just 19 years old, Diego Alan Del Real Galindo already has experience on national and international competitions like Pan American Games of Guadalajara, with a Silver medal on Jr. Pan American Championship Miramar 2011, Gold Medal on Centro American Hammer Throw competition, Gold Medal on San Salvador 2012, Silver Medal on Centro American and Caribbean of Morelia 2013 and he finished first, winning the gold medal at the 2013 Pan-American Games in Colombia.
He is coached by Alejandro Laverdesque. 

</doc>
<doc id="36623994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623994" title="Hold On (To My Love)">
Hold On (To My Love)

"Hold On (To My Love)" is a song written by Robin Gibb and Blue Weaver and performed by American soul singer Jimmy Ruffin, released in 1980 on his album "Sunrise". It reached #10 in the US, #29 in the US R&B and #7 in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="36623995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623995" title="Iolaus aurivillii">
Iolaus aurivillii

Iolaus aurivillii, Aurivillius’ Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in southern Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, the Republic of Congo, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Uganda, western Kenya and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.
The larvae feed on "Englerina gabonensis" and "Globimetula braunii".

</doc>
<doc id="36624008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624008" title="Charles James (rugby league)">
Charles James (rugby league)

Charles Daniel James (10 April 1891 – 6 August 1917) was a New Zealand rugby league footballer of the 1910s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#45), and Nelson, as a , or , i.e. number 2 or 5, or, 3 or 4.
International honours.
James won a cap for New Zealand during the 1910 Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand, playing left- in the 20-52 defeat by Great Britain at the Domain Cricket Ground, Auckland on Saturday 30 July 1910.
Later years.
James served with the 1st Battalion, New Zealand Rifle Brigade during World War I and was killed in France on 6 August 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="36624030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624030" title="Fawaz Al-Ahmad">
Fawaz Al-Ahmad

Fawaz Al Ahmad is a kuwait football Midfielder who played for Kuwait in the 1996 Asian Cup. He also played for Kazma

</doc>
<doc id="36624032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624032" title="United States presidential election in Pennsylvania, 1864">
United States presidential election in Pennsylvania, 1864

The 1864 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania took place on November 8, 1864, as part of the 1864 United States presidential election. Voters chose 26 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Pennsylvania voted for the National Union candidate, Abraham Lincoln, over the Democratic candidate, George B. McClellan. Lincoln won Pennsylvania by a margin of 3.5%.

</doc>
<doc id="36624038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624038" title="Steve Luatua">
Steve Luatua

Steven Luatua is a New Zealand rugby union player. His regular playing position is either as a lock or a loose forward. He plays for the Blues in Super Rugby and Auckland in the ITM Cup.
Luatua was a member of the New Zealand under 20 team which won the 2010 and 2011 IRB Junior World Championship.
After a strong start to the 2013 Super Rugby season, Luatua was named in the initial All Blacks wider training squad.
He made his All Blacks debut coming from the bench in the 24-9 victory versus France in New Plymouth on 22 June 2013.
He was selected for the All Blacks 2013 The Rugby Championship squad and played his first full test in the 47-29 win against Australia, in Sydney, on 17 August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36624058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624058" title="Ayman Al Husaini">
Ayman Al Husaini

Ayman Al Husaini is a kuwait football Midfielder who played for Kuwait in the 1996 Asian Cup. He also played for Kazma

</doc>
<doc id="36624062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624062" title="Tavevele Noa">
Tavevele Noa

Tavevele Noa (born 20 April 1992) is a sprinter, who is internationally representing Tuvalu. He represented Tuvalu at the 2012 Olympic Games in London in the 100 metres. He achieve a time of 11.55 in the heats and did not proceed to the semi-finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36624063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624063" title="Cauldron Linn (River Devon)">
Cauldron Linn (River Devon)

Cauldron Linn, or Caldron Linn, is a waterfall on the River Devon on the border between Clackmannanshire and Perth and Kinross in Scotland.
Location and description.
Caldron Linn is about a mile below Rumbling Bridge, and can be accessed through fields by Powmill, with a 150 ft slippery descent to reach it. The height of its fall was lessened in 1886 by rock fall. "Here are two cataracts, distant from each other 28 yards. The upper fall, thirty-four feet in height, declines a little from the perpendicular; the rocks rise out of the channel, and there is one like a pillar, horizontal at the top, by which many persons have passed from one side to the other. Between these falls, the river has formed three round cavities, having the appearance of large caldrons or boilers. In the first, the water is perpetually agitated as if it were boiling; in the second, it is covered with a constant foam ; in the third, which is the largest, being 22 feet in diameter, it appears as if spread out in a large cooler. "
"These cavities are separated from each other by ledges of rock; they communicate, not by the water running over their brim, but by apertures about middle depth in their ledges, wrought out in the course of ages by the action of the water. The lower caldron discharges the water into the last fall through a similar aperture, having the appearance of a door or large window hewn out of the rock. Through this opening, the river rushes in one vast and rapid torrent over a stupendous pile of perpendicular rocks, into a deep and romantic glen."
"The noise of its fall is tremendous, and the rocks seem to tremble to their centre, while the mind of the spectator is deeply affected by emotions of wonder and admiration. The height of the rock is 88 feet, and the fall 44."
"The most complete view of this magnificent scene, and of the deep and finely-wooded dell, is from the bottom of the great fall, where it has the appearance of a prodigious fountain gushing from the solid rock. It is beheld to most advantage between one and two o'clock in the afternoon, when the sun shines directly in front of it. A vapour constantly ascends from the pool; in sunshine this vapour exhibits all the colours of the rainbow, which, by the constant agitation of the air, disperse, and again appear in the most beautiful combinations. "
"The Caldron Linn, in short, is perhaps the greatest natural curiosity, and certainly one of the most sublime objects in Scotland. More than twenty years ago [c.1818] the following extraordinary occurrence happened at this place: a fox, which was hard pursued by a pack of hounds, led them along the banks of the river, till he reached the boiling caldron, which he crossed; the dogs attempted to follow, but being unacquainted with the path, they fell, one after another, into the caldron, and were drowned. Several years ago, a gentleman fell into the same caldron, and was extricated with the greatest difficulty.""

</doc>
<doc id="36624066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624066" title="Sami Al Lenqawi">
Sami Al Lenqawi

Sami Al Lenqawi is a kuwait football Defender who played for Kuwait in the 1996 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Arabi

</doc>
<doc id="36624077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624077" title="Iolaus australis">
Iolaus australis

Iolaus australis, the Eastern Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Zambia and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of "Brachystegia" woodland.
There are probably two generations per year, with adults on wing from June to September and again from February to April.
The larvae feed on the leaves of "Tapinanthus oleifolius", "Tapinanthus erianthus", "Tapinanthus dependens", "Agelanthus subulatus", "Vanwykia rubella", "Erianthemum dregei", "Phragmanthera usuiensis usuiensis", "Globimetula anguliflora", "Globimetula braunii", "Globimetula mweroensis" and "Helixanthera tetrapartita". They are dark grey-brown.

</doc>
<doc id="36624084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624084" title="Esam Sakeen">
Esam Sakeen

Esam Sakeen is a kuwait football Midfielder who played for Kuwait in the 1996 Asian Cup. He also played for Kazma

</doc>
<doc id="36624094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624094" title="Culture Coast Chicago">
Culture Coast Chicago

Culture Coast Chicago is a collection of artistically vibrant neighborhoods on Chicago’s South Side. Known for its high concentration of museums, music and theater ensembles, performance venues, cultural nonprofits, and arts education opportunities, the region spans from just south of McCormick Place to the South Shore Cultural Center and is bordered by Lake Michigan to the east and the Dan Ryan Expressway to the west.
Hyde Park is the heart of the Culture Coast, with neighboring Bronzeville and Woodlawn adding to the region’s diverse cultural offerings. It is home to the Museum of Science and Industry, the Western hemisphere’s largest science museum, and the Hyde Park Art Center, the city’s oldest alternative exhibition space.
Other key institutions include the DuSable Museum of African American History, the country’s first museum dedicated to the study of African American history; and the University of Chicago, which houses the Oriental Institute, the David and Alfred Smart Museum of Art, and the Renaissance Society. The university hosts numerous visiting artists, performances, and lectures. The region is also home to several independent bookstores and community arts initiatives.
The Culture Coast’s artistic heritage includes creative icons such as playwright Lorraine Hansberry, novelist Saul Bellow, and jazz pioneer Herbie Hancock. The lakefront area has evolved into an eclectic architectural landscape since the mid-1800s, featuring Frank Lloyd Wright’s Prairie-style homes, the Hyde Park-Kenwood Historic District, and the University of Chicago’s Collegiate Gothic quadrangles and modern constructions, such as the Joe and Rika Mansueto Library and the Reva and David Logan Center for the Arts.
Since the 2008 election of former Kenwood resident Barack Obama as President, the Culture Coast has experienced renewed tourist interest. It is also a key focus of Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel’s 2012 Chicago Cultural Plan, which calls for increased capital infrastructure for the “Museum Campus South” area surrounding the Museum of Science and Industry and the DuSable Museum.
History.
Early development.
In 1853, New York lawyer and businessman Paul Cornell purchased 300 acres of swampy lakefront land south of Chicago and named it Hyde Park in a nod to the London park. He secured regular rail access to and from downtown Chicago, deeding 60 acres of land to the Illinois Central Railroad in exchange for a train station at present-day 53rd Street.
In 1857 Cornell opened the upscale Hyde Park House hotel on 53rd Street and successfully marketed Hyde Park as an urban escape for affluent Chicagoans. Over the next three decades, the region experienced steady residential development.
World’s Columbian Exposition.
In 1893 Hyde Park and its surrounding areas were thrust into the international spotlight as hosts of the World’s Columbian Exposition. Held in Jackson Park and along the Midway Plaisance, the fair drew more than 27 million attendees during its 179-day operation and paved the way for the region’s enduring cultural influence.
Under the Beaux-Arts vision of urban planner Daniel H. Burnham, the exposition’s director of works, and landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted, the fair transformed the South Side. Several neoclassical buildings adorned with white paint were constructed for the fair’s scientific and cultural exhibits, giving rise to the site’s nickname, the White City. Among the architecture was Jackson Park’s massive Palace of Fine Arts, which housed the Field Museum of Natural History (formerly the Field Columbian Museum) until 1920.
In 1933 philanthropist Julius Rosenwald, Sears, Roebuck and Company’s chairman, renovated the palace to house the Museum of Science and Industry. The museum was the first in North America to feature interactive exhibits and now draws more than a million visitors to the Culture Coast every year.
The University of Chicago.
Founded in 1890, the University of Chicago is a private research institution and home to several of the Culture Coast’s arts and cultural organizations, including the David and Alfred Smart Museum of Art, the Oriental Institute, and the Court Theatre, which the "Wall Street Journal" has described as “the most consistently excellent theater company in America.”
Started with an investment from philanthropist John D. Rockefeller and land donated by retailer Marshall Field, the university was described by Rockefeller as "the best investment I ever made." Between its undergraduate, graduate, professional, and continuing education schools, the university enrolls around 14,000 students each quarter and is affiliated with more than 80 Nobel laureates.
The arts.
Music, dance, and theater.
Chicago’s vibrant jazz and blues scene both have strong roots in the Culture Coast. In 1918, jazz cornet player and bandleader Joe "King" Oliver came up from New Orleans and set up shop in Bronzeville. In 1922, he recruited the 22-year-old Louis Armstrong, a younger rival from his native Louisiana, to join his King Oliver's Creole Jazz Band as second cornet. Other band members were Johnny Dodds (clarinet), Honore Dutrey (trombone), Lil Hardin (piano), Baby Dodds (drums) and Bill Johnson (double bass and banjo).
Throughout the 1920s, King Oliver's Creole Jazz Band and other musicians like Benny Goodman and Jelly Roll Morton entertained crowds at the Grand Terrace, Midway Gardens Ballroom, and other South Side venues. The post-World War II era gave rise to blues greats such as Buddy Guy, Muddy Waters, Howlin' Wolf, Little Milton, Etta James, Bo Diddley, Magic Sam, Robert Lockwood Jr., Junior Wells, and Freddie King. Eclectic jazz composer Sun Ra played with his Arkestra at the renowned Club De Lisa on Chicago’s South Side.
A later blues/folk revival introduced Chicago to a new generation of musicians, including blues vocalist and harmonica player Paul Butterfield and Grammy nominee David Bromberg, a Hyde Park resident.
Today the Hyde Park Jazz Festival honors the Culture Coast’s jazz heritage. Created in 2007, the annual fall event offers visitors two days of free jazz performances in museums, theaters, art galleries, and outdoor spaces throughout the Culture Coast. In 2011, "Chicago" named it the city’s “Best Neighborhood Music Festival.” The 2012 festival will feature saxophonist and “genius grant” MacArthur fellow Miguel Zenón.
The Culture Coast is also home to a diversity of classical music, gospel, and opera ensembles and organizations, including the Chicago Chorale and the University of Chicago Presents, one of Chicago’s oldest concert series. Founded in 1943, the series is open to the public and has featured performers ranging from composer Igor Stravinsky to the Grammy Award-winning Pacifica Quartet.
The Culture Coast has several professional and amateur dance and theater organizations, including the Court Theatre, South Shore Opera Company, Hyde Park Community Players, Gilbert and Sullivan Opera Company, and many student performance groups at the University of Chicago. "Chicago" magazine has voted the Hyde Park School of Dance one of the city’s top ballet training programs.
Visual arts.
The Culture Coast houses several of the city’s fine-arts institutions, including the David and Alfred Smart Museum and the Hyde Park Art Center. The Smart Museum’s permanent collection features works from Francisco Goya, Henri Matisse, Pablo Picasso, Diego Rivera, Ansel Adams, Edgar Degas, and Mark Rothko. Recent exhibitions include "Feast: Radical Hospitality in Contemporary Art", a large-scale survey of works focused on the shared meal.
The post World War II era gave birth to a group of Chicago artists, primarily painters, who became loosely known as the Chicago Imagists. They were known for an existential, figurative style that eschewed high-art tradition and often gravitated toward the surreal or grotesque. As "Chicago Tribune" art critic Alan G. Artner wrote, "the subjects the Chicagoans strived to express were of the everyday, ofttimes proving aggressively funky."
The early Imagists, mentored by surrealist printmaker Vera Berdich, an instructor at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, were dubbed "The Monster Roster" and included Hyde Park Art Center exhibitions director Don Baum, Leon Golub, Nancy Spero, H.C. Westermann, and Seymour Rosofsky. In the 1960s, another group of Imagists showcased their work at the Hyde Park Art Center in series of exhibitions titled "Hairy Who," and subsequently became known by that name. The Hairy Who included Jim Nutt, Gladys Nilsson, James Falconer, Art Green, Suellen Rocca, and Karl Wirsum. Other Imagist artists who exhibited work at the Hyde Park Art Center during the 1960s and 1970s included Ed Paschke, Barbara Rossi, and Roger Brown.
A number of smaller art venues and galleries dot the Culture Coast. The Renaissance Society is an art museum on the University of Chicago campus that features contemporary art, such as the 2012 career survey of Chicago photographer Dawoud Bey.
Every summer, upwards of 250 artists and 20,000 visitors visit the Culture Coast for the 57th Street Art Fair, Chicago’s oldest juried art fair.
Architecture.
In the early 20th century, the Culture Coast became a focal point for Prairie-style architecture with the construction of Frank Lloyd Wright’s Robie House. Characterized by horizontal lines and open floor plans, Prairie-style homes embodied Wright’s philosophy that architecture should reflect its natural surroundings.
Completed in 1910 at 5757 South Woodlawn Avenue, the Robie House is considered by many to be one of the most important examples of the movement. The building was designated a U.S. National Historic Landmark in 1963 and is now a museum.
The Isidore Heller House, an 1897 construction credited as one of Wright’s early Prairie-style creations, sits just north of the Robie House at 5132 South Woodlawn Avenue. It was named a U.S. National Historic Landmark in 2004.
Architect Howard Van Doren Shaw built several constructions in the Hyde Park and Kenwood neighborhoods during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, including more than 20 private residences, University Church (5655 South University Avenue), and the Quadrangle Club at 1155 East 57th Street.
In more recent years, the University of Chicago campus has been recognized for architectural innovation and distinction. Its Joe and Rika Mansueto Library, designed by Helmut Jahn, won the American Institute of Architects’ Chicago chapter Distinguished Building Citation of Merit and the Chicago Architecture Foundation’s 2011 Patron of the Year Award.
The university’s Midway Crossings project, a series of 50-foot tall light masses along campus pedestrian walkways, received a 2012 Honor Award for Excellence in Landscape Architecture from the Society for College and University Planning.
The university’s recently constructed Reva and David Logan Center for the Arts at 915 E. 60th Street includes classrooms, studios, an art gallery, and multiple performance spaces for productions open to the general public. Architects Tod Williams and Billie Tsien have described the 184,000-square-foot space as a “mixing bowl” for artistic disciplines. It officially opens Fall 2012.
Literature.
Over the past century, the Culture Coast has inspired several writers who visited or lived in its neighborhoods. Well-known literary depictions of the South Side include novelist Theodore Dreiser’s "Sister Carrie" (1900) and Upton Sinclair’s gritty "The Jungle" (1906).
In the 1930s, South Side native James T. Farrell portrayed the area in his "Studs Lonigan" trilogy, which was named 29th on the Modern Library’s list of 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century. Author Richard Wright set his influential work, "Native Son", in and around 1930s Hyde Park and Kenwood.
Poet and activist Langston Hughes lived on the South Side and wrote for prominent African American newspaper, the "Chicago Defender" before moving to New York and becoming a key figure in the Harlem Renaissance.
The post-World War II years brought poet Gwendolyn Brooks to the Culture Coast, where she wrote her collection "Annie Allen", the first work by an African American to win a Pulitzer Prize. Dramatist Lorraine Hansberry later made history as the first black woman produced on Broadway with the 1959 debut of her play "Raisin in the Sun", a fictionalized account of her family’s experience of trying to move into a white neighborhood in Woodlawn.
Pulitzer and Nobel Prize-winning novelist Saul Bellow taught at the University of Chicago for many years and set much of his best-known works, including "The Adventures of Augie March" (1953), "Herzog" (1964), and "Humboldt's Gift" (1975), around the South Side.
Today local organizations such as the Neighborhood Writing Alliance, which publishes the award-winning "Journal of Ordinary Thought", provide writing opportunities to Chicago residents.
Even as major chain booksellers like Borders have gone out of business, the Culture Coast remains home to several thriving independent bookstores. They include the Seminary Co-op near the University of Chicago campus, which offers the country’s largest selection of academic volumes.
Arts education and accessibility.
Culture Coast artists and nonprofit institutions have long used the arts as a mobilizing force for community revitalization on the South Side. North Kenwood’s Little Black Pearl Art & Design Center, for example, provides arts and entrepreneurial training to local youth and adults and opened Options Laboratory Arts & Technology Charter School in 2011.
Since 1999, the Experimental Station in Woodlawn has housed cultural activities, exhibitions, lectures, and small businesses in an effort to create a thriving center of “locally-controlled cultural production”. More recently, cultural planner Theaster Gates has brought the arts to historically neglected neighborhoods on the South Side with his Dorchester Project, a set of abandoned houses turned cultural incubator.
“My art practice makes room for the possibility for redevelopment,” Gates, the director of the University of Chicago’s Arts and Public Life initiative, said at the 2012 Aspen Ideas Festival. “People everywhere deserve the right to experience culture and experience it locally in their neighborhoods, no matter where those neighborhoods are.”
In 2010, the Art Here Art Now initiative brought public art to 53rd Street as artists set up window installations and studios in neighborhood storefronts. Exhibitions included multimedia presentations with fabrics, metals, glasswork, and photography.
Notable people.
Several major literary, music, and artistic figures have lived or worked in the Culture Coast. They include:
Transportation.
The Culture Coast is located roughly seven miles south of downtown Chicago and accessible by Lake Shore Drive and several forms of public transportation. The 18-mile Chicago Lakefront Trail runs along the lakefront and through Jackson Park, making it a frequent route for bikers exploring the coast.

</doc>
<doc id="36624095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624095" title="Kikka Hanazawa">
Kikka Hanazawa

Kikka Hanazawa (born October 26, 1970) is a Japanese investor and fashion industry executive. She is CEO of VPL (brand), a woman's wear company she co-owns with designer Victoria Bartlett and one of the founders of Fashion Girls for Humanity, formerly known as Fashion Girls for Japan.
Early life and education.
Hanazawa is a daughter of Ikue Hanazawa and Kiyoshi Yokoyama of Japan. Her father was a business entrepreneur-turned Tendai Buddhist monk, and her mother Ikue Hanazawa owned an haute couture fashion business. Her aunt was Tomiyo Hanazawa who designed modern kimono for Chiyo Uno and staged the first kimono fashion show in the US in 1957. Both Tomiyo and Ikue started their careers in fashion working for Uno Chiyo, a well known "feminist" author in Japan, who founded Sutairu ("Style"), Japan's first fashion magazine in 1936, along with the boutique in Ginza. During the Second World War, however, it was suppressed by government censors, who found the articles they wrote on themes like "Proper Underwear - a Must for Western Dresses" not in keeping with the seriousness of the times. But the unsinkable they resurrected it during the Occupation. Following Chiyo Uno's advice to be an independent woman, neither Tomiyo nor Ikue Hanazawa were ever married and became very involved in fashion business with Chiyo Uno for much of their lives.
While Hanazawa grew up surrounded by these unmarried working women, she actually never felt strong association with them at all as she was educated in a ultra conservative girls finishing school Tokyo Jogakkan which was known for grooming women to be a good wife and good mother. She had no interests in fashion as career, and by age 16, she was determined to go to Harvard Business School as she believed that business might be able to make the world a better place. She first quit her private school to go to public high school and has decided to take her mother's last name by her choice. She failed most college exams in Japan except for another conservative small women's liberal art college, which she attended for one year, and decided to quit again in order to leave Japan for good and came to New York in 1989 to attend Columbia University with no financial support. In order to fund her own education, she held various positions at Itochu and J. Crew. In 2000 she finally graduated "magna cum laude" in art history / architecture theory. Still matriculating at Columbia, Hanazawa applied to Harvard Business School and was admitted. She graduated from Harvard Business School with an MBA in 2002. 
Career.
Hanazawa's first job was selling American vintage clothes in Shibuya. In New York she somehow managed to get a job with Itochu Fashion System, a fashion subsidiary of Itochu, a large trading company while she was studying at Columbia. There, she was assigned to a project to bring the J. Crew brand to Japan where she helped opening more than 30 stores in three years. In 1995 she joined Cygne Designs and learned merchandising and global supply chain and logistics. In 2000 she briefly worked for a management consulting company and was assigned to work with Sony in Japan. During business school she consulted for Texas Pacific Group, focused on the global luxury market and worked closely with Bally on its Asia strategy. After graduating from Harvard Business School with an MBA in 2002, Hanazawa briefly took Benesse as her consulting client and learned an interesting social venture model. She then went to work for Theory (clothing retailer), where she was one of the senior management working on strategic initiatives, including IPO and new acquisition including Helmut Lang. In 2006, Hanazawa invested in VPL (brand) and became president of the company. She and her business partner Victoria Bartlett created a line of women's wear collection that is sold to Barneys New York, and has been worn by celebrities like Gwen Stefani and Victoria Beckham. Together with Bartlett, VPL received numerous industry recognition for its unique concept and creativity, including Ecco Domani, CFDA/Vogue fashion fund finalist, and CFDA Lexus Sustainability award.
In 2010 with Miki Higasa, Tomoko Ogura and Julie Gilhart, Hanazawa founded Fashion Girls for Japan. After organizing a successful designer sale which raised $270,000 in NY to benefit Japanese earthquake victims, followed by the sale in Japan and London, Fashion Girls sale collectively raised over $600,000 in 2010. Fashion Girls for Japan was renamed to Fashion Girls for Humanity in response to Hurricane Sandy in 2012, and the Sandy fundraiser in New York and Los Angeles raised $180,000, which helped the restoration of more than 5 fire stations and various individual homes in NJ and Long Island. An auction in December 2013 to help survivors of Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines raised $111,500 for water filters. In 2014 She was selected as one of Forbes Asia 48 Heroes of Philanthropists along with Rakuten's Mr. Mikitani and Benesse's Mr. Fukutake from Japan.
Hanazawa has served on the finance committee for CFDA as well as a panel for CFDA Fashion Incubator program's pitch day.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36624096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624096" title="Hani Al Saqer">
Hani Al Saqer

Hani Al Saqer is a kuwait football Forward who played for Kuwait in the 1996 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Qadesiya

</doc>
<doc id="36624101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624101" title="HMS Elfin (1933)">
HMS Elfin (1933)

HMS "Elfin" (pennant number T25) was a torpedo recovery vessel built for the Royal Navy. She was built by J. Samuel White & Company, East Cowes, Isle of Wight, was launched on 20 November 1933 and commissioned on 16 January 1934. She was builder's number 1754. Her home port was the Navy's torpedo trials establishment HMS "Vernon", and she was based at Portland. A sistership, , was constructed under builder's number 1753 and was stationed at HMS "Defiance", Devonport. "Elfin" was renamed "Nettle" during the Second World War, and was later sold for scrapping. She survived in mercantile service, and has been preserved.
Wartime service.
"Elfin" operated during the Second World War. In 1940 she was transferred to Blyth to become the depot ship for the 6th Submarine Flotilla, sharing her name with the submarine base there. She was replaced by the drifter "Rotha" in 1941 and transferred to the Clyde, being renamed HMS "Nettle" on 20 August 1941 and assigned pennant number T94.
Post war service.
After the war "Nettle" returned to Portland. By then the tender was operated by a civilian crew. "Nettle" was finally sold in 1957 to Pounds, Portsmouth for scrapping, but was sold a year later to the Amsterdam Dry-dock Company (ADM). While at Pounds's yard, she appeared in the film "The Key".
Mercantile service and preservation.
Converted to a tanker cleaning vessel, she continued in service for the ADM in Amsterdam harbour until 1985 as "Droogdok" 18, HOM7 and TCA1. She was transferred to a preservation society in 1995. The ship has been renamed "Elfin", restored and preserved in Wormerveer, the Netherlands. In 2011 she was used in the Dutch film "Bennie Stout".

</doc>
<doc id="36624107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624107" title="Falah Al Majidi">
Falah Al Majidi

Falah Al Majidi is a Kuwait football Goalkeeper who played for Kuwait in the 1996 Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36624110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624110" title="Winslow, Kentucky">
Winslow, Kentucky

Winslow is an unincorporated community and coal town in Boyd County, Kentucky, United States. Their Post Office is closed.

</doc>
<doc id="36624116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624116" title="The Fly (poem)">
The Fly (poem)

The Fly is a poem written by the English poet William Blake. It was published as part of his collection Songs of Experience in 1794.
The Poem.
Little Fly
Thy summer's play,
My thoughtless hand
Has brush'd away.
Am not I
A fly like thee?
Or art not thou
A man like me?
For I dance
And drink & sing;
Till some blind hand
Shall brush my wing.
If thought is life
And strength & breath;
And the want
Of thought is death;
Then am I
A happy fly,
If I live,
Or if I die.
Interpretation.
Blake printed the poem with the text set in the branches of trees, an image of a nurse and a toddler in the foreground, and a girl with a racket about to hit a shuttlecock in the background. G.S. Morris notes that 'the lines "Till some blind hand / Shall brush my wing" seem to follow the feathered shuttlecock directly into the little girl's racquet.'
The poem catches the narrator in an act of thoughtlessness that leads to the contemplation of the act and its implications. The fly suffers from uncontrollable circumstances, just as the narrator does. This humbling simile has caused the narrator to move from thoughtlessness to thought, and, as "thought is life", from death to life, allowing the conclusion, "Then am I / A happy fly / If I live, / Or if I die", a conclusion to which Paul Miner comments, "Brain-death is real death."

</doc>
<doc id="36624122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624122" title="José Efromovich">
José Efromovich

José Efromovich (born 1955 in La Paz, Bolivia) is a Brazilian businessman of Polish-Jewish descent. He is CEO of the Brazilian airline Avianca Brazil and has a seat in the supervisory board of the AviancaTaca Holding company. His brother is Germán Efromovich, the owner of AviancaTaca Holding. The Efromovich family has created Synergy Group in 2003, an industrial conglomerate in Brazil operating in various business segments. The multinational he heads with his brother has capital invested in companies in the aeronautical, energy, oil, and shipping sectors in several Latin American countries.

</doc>
<doc id="36624126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624126" title="Permanently signed detour route">
Permanently signed detour route

A permanently signed detour route (also known as an emergency detour route or emergency diversion route) is a type of route which is used temporarily during special circumstances. Various areas have developed these systems as part of incident management. The purpose of these routes is to provide a detour in the event that the parent route is impassable, due to either a traffic jams, traffic collision, or road closure (for a variety of reasons). Sometimes these routes are signed as a prefixed or suffixed numbered road, making them a type of special route.
A permanently signed detour route should not be confused with a "permanent detour". The latter would be used if a particular roadway section, such as a bridge, were closed permanently.
Canada.
Ontario.
The province of Ontario in Canada is one jurisdiction outside the United States with a very prevalent system of these roads. The "Emergency Detour Routes", originally "Emergency Diversion Routes" (EDR), are a system of temporary detour routes paralleling many major highways in Ontario. Most of these follow county or municipal roads within the province that are not (currently) provincially controlled (though many were former provincial highways). These routes are designed to be used in the event of a closure on a major road or 400-series highway, such as construction or serious collisions.
Though most EDRs are set up along 400-series highways, a select few have been established along two lane King's Highways, notably Highway 21 due to the lake effect of Lake Huron, which can result in sudden snowsquall conditions during the winter.
Halton was the first jurisdiction in Ontario to create EDRs, although it initially referred to them as "Emergency Diversion Routes". In August 1999, the regional council approved the preparation of the "Road Closure Action Plan" (RCAP), which was developed with input from the Halton Regional Police Services and the Ministry of Transportation of Ontario (MTO).
The RCAP utilized folding signs that police could open to "activate" the route. Similar in appearance to the EDR signs of today, the RCAP signs featured a trapezoid shaped orange EDR sign, as opposed to an orange square with a black circle containing the letters EDR. These signs were first deployed along a limited stretch of the Queen Elizabeth Way in March 2001,
between Dorval Drive and Trafalgar Road in Oakville and between Bronte Road and Burloak Drive in Burlington, both the location of major ravines with limited alternative crossings.
By the spring of 2003, when the deployment of the system was complete, the entire Queen Elizabeth Way, Highway 401 and Highway 403 had diversion routes within Halton Region.
Following Halton's tests, the MTO and the Ontario Good Roads Association formed a joint task force, and using the RCAP as a model, developed the Emergency Detour Route program.
In 2010 and 2011, an aggressive program was instituted to place EDRs alongside major routes throughout the province.
United Kingdom.
The United Kingdom uses yellow signs with a series of symbols for its emergency diversion routes.
United States.
The national MUTCD has not yet adopted standard signage for these routes. Some states have adopted their own systems.
Michigan.
Michigan has a system of special routes called "Emergency" routes which parallel major highways, primarily in Southwestern Michigan. These routes provide relief in the event of emergency closures to a freeway due to accidents, weather, or other civil emergencies. Emergency routes have been gradually put in place as part of a broader plan by the Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT) to upgrade its ITS network across the state. These detours may or may not follow MDOT-maintained State Highways, however, and some portions of the routes pass through urban or suburban areas. Emergency routes exist on and parallel to Interstate 69 (I-69) and I-94 and US Highway 31 (US 31).
These routes are signed with an auxiliary "Emergency" plate that is colored orange, indicating a temporary traffic control sign.
Emergency US 31, which offers an alternative crossing of the Grand River in the event that the bascule bridge in Grand Haven, Michigan is unavailable for motorists, is one such route. According to MDOT, "this route would only be used in emergency situations and worst-case scenarios impacting the entire bridge structure."
Missouri.
Missouri uses "Incident By-Pass Routes" along its highways.
Ohio.
Ohio has established a permanent detour scenario of Interstate 70, due to frequent flooding. 
Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania has a system of "color detour signs" in which any detour follows signs with a specific color. The detours are meant to be used if a limited-access highway has to be closed for an emergency situation such as a flood or car accident, directing motorists along local roads near the limited-access highway to the next exit. They are generally color-coded according to direction, with blue meaning north, red meaning south, green meaning east, and orange meaning west. However, other colors are sometimes used when detour routes overlap with one another.
West Virginia.
The West Virginia Turnpike has a series of lettered detours, first posted in early 2012, along its route.
Wisconsin.
Wisconsin has "alternate route designations" in various areas of the state.

</doc>
<doc id="36624127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624127" title="Bader Al Halabeej">
Bader Al Halabeej

Bader Al Halabeej is a Kuwaiti football player, who plays as a Defender. He played for Kuwait in the 1996 Asian Cup. He also played for Kazma.

</doc>
<doc id="36624130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624130" title="Health Services Research (journal)">
Health Services Research (journal)

Health Services Research is a peer-reviewed healthcare journal published bimonthly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Health Research and Educational Trust. In addition, it is an official journal of AcademyHealth. The editors-in-chief are José J. Escarce (University of California, Los Angeles) and Jacqueline S. Zinn (Temple University). The journal covers research, methods, and concepts related to the financing, organization, delivery, evaluation, and outcomes of health services.
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 2.157, ranking it 14th out of 62 journals in the category "Health Policy & Services" and 26th out of 76 in "Health Care Sciences and Services".

</doc>
<doc id="36624138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624138" title="Yousif Al Dakhi">
Yousif Al Dakhi

Yousif Al Dakhi is a kuwait football Defender who played for Kuwait in the 1996 Asian Cup. He also played for Kazma

</doc>
<doc id="36624149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624149" title="Leuris Pupo">
Leuris Pupo

Leuris Pupo Requejo (born 9 April 1977) is a Cuban shooter who has represented his nation at four Summer Olympic Games.
Pupo's first Olympic appearance came at the 2000 Summer Olympics held in Sydney, Australia where he finished tied for ninth place in the men's 25 metre rapid fire pistol. He competed in the same event at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, finishing tied for seventh place, and again at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China where he again finished seventh.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom, Pupo won the gold medal in the men's 25 metre rapid fire pistol.

</doc>
<doc id="36624152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624152" title="United States presidential election in Pennsylvania, 1860">
United States presidential election in Pennsylvania, 1860

The 1860 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania took place on November 6, 1860, as part of the 1860 United States presidential election. Voters chose 27 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Pennsylvania voted for the Republican candidate, Abraham Lincoln, over the Southern Democratic candidate, John C. Breckinridge. Lincoln won Pennsylvania by a margin of 18.72%.

</doc>
<doc id="36624153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624153" title="Charles Piutau">
Charles Piutau

Salesi Tu'ipulotu "Charles" Piutau (born 31 October 1991 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby union player. He plays in the fullback (and occasionally wing) position for the Auckland based Super Rugby side the Blues, and for New Zealand's national team the All Blacks.
Early life.
In 2010, Piutau represented Tonga at the IRB Junior World Championship in Argentina. Piutau was the top try scorer for the New Zealand Under-20s in their 2011 World Championship winning campaign. In 2010 he played for the Tongan Under 20 team. He was a member of the New Zealand Sevens team in 2011/12.
Charles plays club rugby for Pakuranga United Rugby Club.
He is the younger brother of Yamaha Jubilo centre Siale Piutau.
Domestic career.
Piutau made his debut for Auckland in 2010, his first year out of high school, and was named Auckland Under 20 player of the year.
He was brought into the Blues squad to cover injuries at the tail end of the 2012 Super Rugby season and proved his skills with two 'match of the match' appearances.
International career.
Piutau joined the All Blacks training squad during the 2013 Super Rugby season. On 22 June, he made his Test debut against France in New Plymouth.
Test Match Record.
Pld = Games Played, W = Games Won, D = Games Drawn, L = Games Lost, Tri = Tries Scored, Con = Conversions, Pen = Penalties, DG = Drop Goals, Pts = Points Scored

</doc>
<doc id="36624165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624165" title="Masthikatte">
Masthikatte

Masthikatte is a city located in Hosanagara Taluk, Shimoga district, Karnataka, India.
Etymology.
In local tradition, "Masthikatte" means "a place where woman (may be widow) sacrifised herself"
or a place where suttee or Sati was practiceed. "Masthi" means "Maha Sati" or revered lady. There is a spot near three road junction which is identified as "Masthikatte".
Activity.
Masthikatte came into existence in the 1980s when the Karnataka Power Corporation built a township for its employees working on the Varahi Hydroelectric Project. It can be called a gated community, surrounded by the thick forests of the Western Ghats. The town has a number of amenities including a Post Office, Bank, and Medical facilities which were all provided by the Karnataka Power Corporation.
Transportation.
Masthikatte is well connected to the towns of Shimoga, Hosanagara, Thirthahalli, Kundapura, and Udupi on the State Highway.
Rainfall.
Masthikatte receives heavy rainfall and receives equal amount or more rainfall (in some seasons) than Agumbe, which has record of heaviest rain fall in Karnataka.
Flora and Fauna.
As the village is located in the midst of dense forests belonging to Western Ghats, a World Heritage site, variety of flora and fauna occur around Masthikatte.
Places of interest.
Varahi Backwaters.
Backwaters of the Varahi River dam exist in the low lying areas some 3 kilometers away, near the village of Hulikal
Kunchikal Falls.
The Kunchikal Falls in the Western Ghats area, created by Varahi River, are located 5 Kilometers away from Masthikatte. At 1,493 feet,(455 metres) the falls are dubbed as Highest in India. Damming at Mani for the Hydroelectric plant has greatly reduced the flow of the waterfalls, however.
Chandikamba Temple, Hulikal.
Deep inside the forest, on state highway, small temple complex belonging to Chandikamba Temple is located at a distance of 5 km from Masthikatte.

</doc>
<doc id="36624177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624177" title="Aqua Park Macedonia">
Aqua Park Macedonia

The Aqua Park "Macedonia" (, Akva park "Makedonija") is the first water park in Macedonia, located in the city Probištip. It has an area of 18,000 m2. Here are located one swimming pool, one children's pool with some small slides, lazy river, one wave pool, two pools with slides and here are also three bars: the drink bar, the cocktail bar, and the food bar. Games and fun in the children's pool are: octopus, dolphin, small elephant, giraffe shower, mushroom, and four slides: elephant, rabbit, snake and small rainbow. The other slides in the two pools with slides are: Multi slide 3 lines, Multi slide 2 lines, Rafting slide, Tube slide, High kamikaze, High Freefall, Body slide, Black Hole slide, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="36624181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624181" title="Príncipe thrush">
Príncipe thrush

The Príncipe thrush ("Turdus xanthorhynchus") is a species of bird in the Turdidae family. It is endemic to Príncipe. It was formerly considered a subspecies of the São Tomé Thrush, with some taxonomists still considering it so.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is critically threatened by habitat loss.

</doc>
<doc id="36624190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624190" title="Bara Bará Bere Berê">
Bara Bará Bere Berê

Bara Bará Bere Berê (, sometimes written with no diacritics as Bara Bara Bere Bere and sometimes reduced to Bara Bara or Bará Berê) is a popular Brazilian song in Portuguese language. The refrain is a Bahian protect song created by Dorgival Dantas, with folk dance, rhythmic samba and merengue influences. The song has been subject to various interpretations by a great number of Brazilian artists, and various lyrics and additional music added to the original Dorgival Dantas version.
Before becoming an actual single in Brazil and internationally in 2012, "Bara Bara Bere Berê" had already been playing since 2008, in various shows and on Brazilian radio stations since 2008, with various sertanejo artist interpretations. Best-known versions include those by Aviões do Forró, Cristiano Araújo and Léo Rodriguez. 
In Brazil though, the first release as a digital single was that of Michel Teló. On 24 July 2012, Teló said in an interview with the television program "Encontro com Fátima Bernardes" that the launch was ready with new dance moves and would be also available in Europe on 13 July 2012. The European releases included an EP with five different tracks of the song, the original radio version, another by Mister Jam and three by DJ Class.
The European and world charts have seen versions by Alex Ferrari most notably in France, Belgium, Russia, Spain and Switzerland, by Leo Rodríguez most notably in the Netherlands and the Dutch-language market in Belgium and a version by Michel Teló most notably in Austria, Belgium, Germany, Spain and the Netherlands.
Alex Ferrari version.
The Brazilian singer Alex Ferrari registered it with Music Edition: Jeff Records and recorded it in March 2011 and interpreted it on many occasions in his home country. His version gained most popularity though on European night venues. As his version made rounds online, it was erroneously attributed at times to Michel Teló, although it was eventually proven as being a version recorded by Alex Ferrari himself.
A studio version he produced was released in August 2012 by EMI Music France, having charted in France, where it peaked at #1 as at week-ended 19 August 2012, making Ferrari the third Brazilian act to top the French Singles Chart in 2012.
Leo Rodriguez version.
In addition to the hit version by Alex Ferrari, the version was performed very notably by Leo Rodriguez, (sometimes with the diacritic as Leo Rodríguez) who recorded it in February 2012 and released it on Brazilian Sony label Sony Edições accompanied by a music video. His version contains additional lyrics in Portuguese co-written by Rodriguez himself with Silvio Rodrígues.
His version was released in Europe on 19 June 2012 and has charted in the Netherlands simultaneously to Alex Ferrari version charting in France. The Rodriguez version was released on Spinnin label in the Netherlands making it to #56 on chart dated 1 September 2012.
Michel Teló version.
On 13 July 2012, the popular Brazilian international artist Michel Teló well known for his international hit "Ai se eu te pego!" also released his rendition of the song, entitled "Bara Bará Bere Berê" as a download. It was also sent to many Brazilian radio stations for airplay. The Teló version has also charted in the Netherlands, although the Leo Rodríguez version has proven more popular in the country. Teló's "Bara Bará" reached #60, whereas Leo Rodríguez version has reached #56.
The version with songwriting credits to Dorgival Dantas de Paiva was produced by Dudu Borges
On 24 July 2012, Teló performed it live on Brazilian television variety show "Encontro com Fátima Bernardes".
The version is also available in EP that contains five tracks of the song, including three mix versions by DJ Class, one mix version by Mister Jam and the radio version.
Other versions.
Prior to the Alex Ferrari / Leo Rodriguez / Michel Teló hit, the song had been performed by various Brazilian formations in the second half of 2000 (around 2007 onwards).
Versions from 2011 and prior period include those by Aviões do Forró, Lenno & Lincoln, Real de Ouro all as "Bara Bará Bere Berê", Zezinho Desmantelado do Forró as "Beré Bará" and Bagaceiros do Forró at Kabanas Hall as "Barabarababá Bereberebebê". 
Based on the widespread popularity of the song, the song lived a revival with sertanejo-style arrangements of the tune. In addition to the European hit versions by Alex Ferrari, Leo Rodriguez and Michel Teló, it has been performed by various artists including very notably by Cristiano Araújo who reinterpreted the song in recording released on 10 May 2012 on "Som Livre" label as "Bara Berê" using tradition Bahia sound. He also sang it live accompanied by the famous sertanejo duo Bruno & Marrone.
Other 2012 versions include Marcos & Fernando with João Neto & Frederico interpreting it as "Bará Berê". This was released on Universal Music label.
A version titled "Bará Berê" was produced by Bozzetto and recorded by Iciar Díaz, a female singer, showing a clear fusion of guitar with accordion, giving the song a new style.
Indonesian television variety show Yuk Keep Smile also uses the song for one of its dances.

</doc>
<doc id="36624202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624202" title="Louis Puissant">
Louis Puissant

Louis Puissant (22 September 1769, Le Châtelet-en-Brie – 10 January 1843, Paris) was a French topographical engineer, geodesist, and mathematician.
He was appointed an officer in the corps of topographical engineers ("ingénieurs géographes") of l'armée des Pyrénées occidentales in 1792 and then a professor in l’école centrale d'Agen in 1796. From October 1802 to August 1803, he was in charge of geodesic triangulations on the island of Elba and then in 1803–1804 in Lombardy. He was elected a member of l'Société Philomathique de Paris in 1810 and a member of l'Académie des sciences in 1828.
In addition to numerous scientific memoirs, he was the author of several books on geodesy and mathematics.
His marriage to Françoise Coutet produced a son, Louis (1793–1836), who graduated from l'École polytechnique.

</doc>
<doc id="36624220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624220" title="Abuwtiyuw">
Abuwtiyuw

The Egyptian dog Abuwtiyuw, (IPA: ʔ-bwit-ʔew) also transcribed as Abutiu (died before 2280 BC), was one of the earliest documented domestic animals whose name is known. He is believed to have been a royal guard dog who lived in the Sixth Dynasty (2345–2181 BC), and received an elaborate ceremonial burial in the Giza Necropolis at the behest of a pharaoh whose name is unknown.
An inscribed stone listing the gifts donated by the pharaoh for Abuwtiyuw's funeral was discovered by Egyptologist George A. Reisner in October 1935. It was apparently part of the spoil material incorporated into the structure of a Sixth Dynasty mastaba (pharaonic-era tomb) after the demolition of the funerary chapel belonging to Abuwtiyuw's owner, where the stone likely had originally been installed. The white limestone tablet measures 54.2×28.2×23.2 cm (21.3×11.1×9.1 in). The inscription is composed of ten vertical rows of hieroglyphs, separated by vertical lines.
Abuwtiyuw appears to have been a sighthound, a lightly built hunting dog similar to a greyhound, with erect ears and a curly tail. The tomb in which his tablet was discovered is in Cemetery G 2100 in Giza West Field, close to the western side of the Great Pyramid of Giza (Pyramid of Khufu/Kheops).
Background.
Herodotus documents that in ancient Persia dogs were protected animals, held in the highest esteem during their lifetime. According to the ancient Greeks, dogs in ancient Egypt were treated with the same respect as they were in Persia, and were commonly mummified after death before being buried in family tombs. The ancient Egyptians and others of the Near East believed that dogs were spiritual beings, similar to humans, and they were "often associated with particular deities and the powers they wield". A number of the early dynastic royal burial grounds contain the graves of dogs, along with women and servants of the royal household. Ashkelon cemetery in the South District of Israel is perhaps the best-documented dog cemetery in the ancient world, but dog mummies have been unearthed en masse in sites across Egypt including Rhoda in Upper Egypt, Thebes, Abydos, and near Maghagha.
The ancient Egyptians mummified many animal species, from cats and gazelles to crocodiles, baboons, and birds. Typically, many animal species were consumed as meat after death, but it is highly unlikely that dogs would have been eaten. Radiographs of exhumed dogs in the ancient world have revealed that the mummification process involved wrapping the embalmed bones together with bandages and placing them within a wooden statue of Anubis, the jackal-headed deity associated with mummification and the afterlife in ancient Egyptian religion.
Discovery.
The only source from which Abuwtiyuw is known is a stone inscription tablet that may have come from the funerary chapel of the dog's owner. The tablet was apparently among spolia used to build another grave in approximately 2280 BC, a sixth-Dynasty mastaba, after the chapel's demolition. It was discovered on 13 October 1935 by Egyptologist George A. Reisner during a joint Harvard University-Boston Museum of Fine Arts expedition, and removed from the site four days later.
The find was recorded by the main expedition photographer, Mohammedani Ibrahim, who took more than 9,321 large-format glass-plate images on Reisners's expeditions. The tablet is now held by the Egyptian Museum in Cairo (inventory number JE 67573).
Neither the dog's grave nor mummy have been recovered. The tomb in which the tablet was unearthed is in Cemetery G 2100 in Giza West Field, close to the western side of the Great Pyramid of Giza (Pyramid of Khufu/Kheops). The white limestone tablet measures 54.2×28.2×23.2 cm (21.3×11.1×9.1 in) and is inscribed with ten vertical rows of hieroglyphs, separated from each other by vertical lines. Part of a leash is visible on the upper-right corner, suggesting that the tablet displayed an image of Abuwtiyuw with his owner.
The text of the inscription translated by Reisner describes the gifts offered by the pharaoh in tribute at Abuwtiyuw's funeral:
Interpretation.
Although it was common to bury dogs in ancient Egypt, the funeral of Abuwtiyuw was unusually elaborate, an honour normally reserved for upper-class humans. The pharaoh's gifts suggest that the corpse was mummified, as was commonly done with humans at the time, in the belief that the "Ka" of the dead would enter into its afterlife through the ceremonial burial. 
Although no images of Abuwtiyuw have been found, the text characterizes him as ' (Tesem), a lightly built hunting dog similar to a greyhound, with erect ears and a curly tail. The Tesem dog features in predynastic depictions, making it one of the oldest known breeds of dog, and images of it are common throughout Ancient Egyptian history. According to Reisner, the name "Abuwtiyuw" is not fully translatable, but he surmised that ' "("bu")" is an onomatopoeic representation of a dog's bark, as this component often is found in Ancient Egyptian dog names. Edward C. Martin Jr. claims that the name, or its variant transliteration of "Abutiu", means "With Pointed Ears", which would fit the description of the Tesem.

</doc>
<doc id="36624221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624221" title="Timeline of Strasbourg">
Timeline of Strasbourg

The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Strasbourg, Alsace, France.

</doc>
<doc id="36624227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624227" title="Soldier, Kentucky">
Soldier, Kentucky

Soldier is an unincorporated community and coal town in Carter County, Kentucky, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36624233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624233" title="United States presidential election in Pennsylvania, 1856">
United States presidential election in Pennsylvania, 1856

The 1856 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania took place on November 4, 1856, as part of the 1856 United States presidential election. Voters chose 27 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Pennsylvania voted for the Democratic candidate, James Buchanan, over the Republican candidate, John C. Frémont, and the Know Nothing candidate, Millard Fillmore. Buchanan won Pennsylvania by a margin of 18.12%.

</doc>
<doc id="36624238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624238" title="Willard, Kentucky">
Willard, Kentucky

Willard is an unincorporated community and coal town in Carter County, Kentucky, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36624243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624243" title="Rallye des Pyrénées">
Rallye des Pyrénées

The Rallye des Pyrénées, also known as the Circuit des Pyrénées and formerly as the Pau-San Sebastián Rally, was a two-day international motorcycle competition in late June set in the Pyrenees mountains of France and Spain, consisting of about of timed trials and hill-climbs. 
The competition, started in 1951 by the Union Motorcycliste Paloise, attracted a high proportion of competitors from European police and military units. 
French motorcycle periodical, "Moto Revue", stated, "The Circuit des Pyrénées confronts the riders with many hazards and to cross the finish line is itself a fine reward", 
whilst motorcycle writer Cook Neilson described the competition as "the ultimate remaining Racer Road experience".
British magazine, "Motor Cycle Sport" called the 1978 event, "an anachronism and dangerous" yet "one of those phenomenal events that should not really be allowed but is".
Description.
The route initially took in the Spanish Pyrenees and French Pyrenees from Pau in the South of France to San Sebastián in Northern Spain. 
However, by 1978 due to concerns of the Spanish police, 
and the French police's own security concerns in the Basque region,
the competition was instead held exclusively in France.
The competition route in 1981 for instance consisted of a loop to the south-east of Pau on one day and a loop to the north-west of that city the following day. 
The motorcycles had to be street legal and, except for six special timed sections, the competitors shared the route, consisting mainly of narrow winding rough mountain roads, with the public and kept to the legal speed limits. 
Prizes were awarded for winners according to the motorcycle engine size (125 cc, 175 cc, 250 cc, 350 cc, 500 cc, 750 cc and over) with special prizes for sidecar combinations, teams and individual special merit with categories for institutional and civilian entrants.
The French part of the route starting and finishing in Pau (where the motorcycles would take part in a formal procession beforehand) would take in the mountain passes of Ferrières, Arbéost, Aubisque, Soulor and Gourette whilst the Spanish side, when run, took in Jaizkibel and Oyarzun. 
Less mountainous venues would include the Foret D'Issaux, L' Hopital D'Orion, and Bois Du Bager. 
Competitors were allowed to navigate the route for familiarisation prior to the actual competition itself.
End of the Rallye des Pyrénées.
The competition was strongly associated with the organisation, engineering skills and hospitality of Roland and Ginette Roussel of the Union Motorcycliste Paloise, 
and with their retirement and the withdrawal of long-time sponsor, French oil company Elf, by the end of the 1980s, the competition was no longer viable and closed.
In 1974 and 1975, a British government Central Office of Information film called "Pattern of People", designed to promote British industry, was set at the Circuit des Pyrénées.

</doc>
<doc id="36624248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624248" title="Tony Sokol">
Tony Sokol

Tony Sokol (born March 23, 1963, in Brooklyn, New York) is an American playwright, writer and composer best known for writing the theatrical horror series in New York City.
As a musician, Mr. Sokol played guitar, bass or sang in Queer Jesus, The Others, Busted Chops, Head First, 4Q, Death of the Party and the Abstract 4. He appeared several times on WBAI-FM with jazz vocalist Devorah Simpson, as well as backing her on live sessions on the station on guitar and with his band. Sokol wrote incidental music for the films Woman, Man, Gun and Hide Me, both directed by Jenice Malecki; The Gauntlet and Quest, directed by David Burgos; , directed by Elena Beloff.
He wrote songs and incidental music for over a dozen films and over twenty stage productions and appeared on the Joan Rivers (TV) Show, Strange Universe, WNEW-FM, WBAI-FM, WABC-AM, WFUV-FM, WFMU-FM, BBC-Television and Radio, Britain's "The Girlie Show," bars and nightclubs throughout the tri-state area and over a dozen Manhattan Public-access television TV Shows. He also wrote, produced and occasionally directed or acted in the stageshow Vampyr Theatre, which ran 13 plays in NYC in the early 1990s; the radio play "The Excommunication of God;" two short films, more than 20 produced plays and the rock opera AssassiNation: We Killed Kennedy.
Sokol wrote skits for several comedy troupes and Manhattan Public Access shows including Young, Gifted and Broke. He wrote several skits for the radio show Drama With Miss Kitty, and appeared with the actress on such radio programs as The Black, Jew and Gay Comedy Hour on Rawenergyradio.com. He also co-hosted a cable call-in show with Elena Beloff on Manhattan Public Access.
La Commedia del Sangue.
In 1986, Sokol wrote and performed "I was thirsty and you drowned me," a vampiric ritual performance art piece at The Anarchist's Switchboard, Centerfold and other venues, along with other spoken word and musical performances throughout New York City. After writing the play, "The Summer After," for director Rosalie Triana, she asked him if there were any other theatrical works he had written. He responded by turning the vampire rituals into a series of plays "for vampires" which were staged throughout Manhattan in theatres and clubs beginning in 1992 and ending in 1997. Thirteen plays were produced, including "Let Us Prey."
AssassiNation: We Killed Kennedy.
Beginning in November 2003, on the 40th anniversary of the assassination of John F. Kennedy, Sokol wrote, directed and performed the rock opera "AssassiNation: We Killed Kennedy" at the Bowery Poetry Club, Don Hill's and other New York and New Jersey music and theater venues. Sokol formed the band Death of the Party and used guest singers from New York City bands to play various conspirators. After the performances, the band renamed itself The Abstract Four and continued to play New York City area clubs.
Plays Produced.
Mr. Sokol has had his plays produced by several New York theatrical troupes. Among these: "Frankenstein Walks the Wolfman,” which Time Out New York favorably compared to the horror movie Scream; "You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby,” "Baby Jane on Training Wheels", "How You Slice It", "Death Takes a Valium," "Cosmic Inertia", "The Wack", "Factually Incorrect", "Weight Loss by Vivisection" by Creative Artists Laboratory". "You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby" and "Baby Jane on Training Wheels" by Spotlight On Productions; "You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby", "The Intervention," "How to Skip Alimony Through Voluntary Manslaughter," Produced by The Irish Arts Center/Company of Impossible Dreams, NYC, 1999, and "Just Us Served". "How You Slice It" was revived by producer Laura Ludwig and performed at Eco Books and was recorded and broadcast by the Museum of Sound. “You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby” has been revived by several theater troupes and was published in its entirety in Civil Defense Weekly. Sokol was a writer, performer and co-producer of Insightful Riot, an evening of bad taste standup comedy at the New York Comedy Club.
Music for film and theater.
Tony Sokol wrote the music for his short films "Don't Forget, Hire the Vet" and "970-SPIT" in 1988. It led to his writing music for such films as Jenice Malecki's "Hide Me" and "Man, Woman, Gun;" John Tranchina's "Just Beyond the Door;" David Burgos' "The Quest" and "The Gauntlet" and other independent films. He also wrote music for New Moon's production of "No Exit," White Rabbit Theatre's production of "Bubby's Shadow” and other theatrical performances. He recently contributed music to Elena Beloff's documentary on Russian immigrant women in America, and the upcoming bank robbery film Desperate Fate.
Other Writing.
Sokol's poetry and short stories have been published in Oghamstone, The Urban Magazine of Arts, Nut Magnet and other magazines. Sokol wrote for Wicked Mystic, Delirium and Nighttimer magazines. He was an abstract writer at PR Newswire for over twenty years. Sokol is a contributing editor at Den of Geek, senior writer and editor at Daily Offbeat and senior writer at KpopStarz. He was also contributing editor at Coed.com, wrote for Smashpipe and was a regular contributor to Alt Variety, Inside the Reel, The Silver Tongue, Bedlam and other magazines.

</doc>
<doc id="36624250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624250" title="Man-portable anti-tank systems">
Man-portable anti-tank systems

Man-portable anti-tank systems (MANPATS or MPATS), today, are shoulder-launched anti-tank rockets. They are typically unguided weapons and are a threat to armored vehicles, low-flying aircraft (especially helicopters), and field fortifications. Generally MANPATS fall into three distinct categories. The first consist of a small, disposable preloaded launch tube firing a high explosive anti-tank warhead operated by a single soldier. The second is a firing system onto /into which a rocket is loaded, operated by a single soldier. The third are manufactured prepacked and issued as a single unit of ammunition with the launcher discarded after a single use.
MANPATS have their roots in the 20th century with the early development of the explosive shaped charge. The development of practical rocketry provided a means of delivering such an explosive. Research occasioned by World War II produced such weapons as the German Panzerfaust followed by the American bazooka which combined portability with effectiveness against armored vehicles, fortifications and buildings.
Anti-tank rifles.
Arguably, the first MANPATS could be Anti-tank rifles developed during World War I. An anti-tank rifle is a rifle designed to penetrate the armour of vehicles, particularly tanks. The usefulness of rifles for this purpose ran from the introduction of tanks in World War I and until the Korean War. While medium and heavy tank armour became too thick to be penetrated by rigid projectiles from rifles that could be carried by a single soldier, anti-tank rifles continued to be used against other targets. Anti-materiel rifles of today, such as the Barrett M82, are a development of the Second World War technology. Although no longer capable of penetrating even the side armour of the main battle tanks, they are capable of causing serious damage to their external fittings such as periscopes and machine guns, and in disabling or even destroying less well armoured and support vehicles, helicopters, low-flying UAVs and personnel.
Rocket-propelled grenade.
A rocket-propelled grenade (often abbreviated RPG) is a shoulder-fired, anti-tank weapon system which fires rockets equipped with an explosive warhead. These warheads are affixed to a rocket motor and stabilized in flight with fins. Some types of RPG are reloadable while others are single-use. RPGs, with the exception of self-contained versions, are loaded from the muzzle. RPGs are very effective against armored vehicles such as armored personnel carriers (APCs). The German Panzerfaust were the originals RPG's while a Soviet-development, the RPG-7, is the most widely distributed and used RPG in the world. The basic design of this RPG was developed by the Soviets shortly after World War II in the form of the RPG-2, which is similar in function to the Bazooka and the Panzerfaust.
Bazooka.
Bazooka is the common name for a man-portable, tube launched, recoilless rocket antitank weapon, widely fielded by the US Army. Also referred to as the "Stovepipe", the innovative bazooka was amongst the first-generation of rocket propelled anti-tank weapons used in infantry combat. Featuring a solid rocket motor for propulsion, it allowed for high-explosive anti-tank (HEAT) warheads to be delivered against armored vehicles, machine gun nests, and fortified bunkers at ranges beyond that of a standard thrown grenade or mine. The Bazooka also fired a HESH, effective against buildings and tank armour. The universally-applied nickname arose from the M1 variant's vague resemblance to the musical instrument called a "bazooka" invented and popularized by 1930s U.S. comedian Bob Burns.
Recoilless rifles.
A recoilless rifle (RCLR) or recoilless gun is a lightweight weapon that fires a heavier projectile that would be impractical to fire from a recoiling weapon of comparable size. Technically, only devices that use a rifled barrel are recoilless "rifles". Smoothbore variants are recoilless "guns". This distinction is often lost, and both are often called recoilless rifles. The key difference from rocket launchers (whether man-portable or not) is that the projectile of the recoilless rifle has no propulsion of its own - once out of the rifle, it does not accelerate further, like a missile or rocket would. Normally used for anti-tank roles, the first effective system of this kind was developed during World War II by William Kroeger and Clarence Musser.
Anti-tank missile.
An anti-tank missile (ATM), anti-tank guided missile (ATGM), anti-tank guided weapon (ATGW) or anti-armor guided weapon is a guided missile primarily designed to hit and destroy heavily armored military vehicles. ATGMs range in size from shoulder-launched weapons which can be transported by a single soldier, to larger tripod-mounted weapons which require a squad or team to transport and fire, to vehicle and aircraft mounted missile systems. The introduction of smaller, man-portable ATGMs such as the Dragon and Javelin with larger warheads to the modern battlefield has given infantry the ability to defeat light and medium tanks at great ranges, though main battle tanks using composite and reactive armors have proven to be resistant to smaller ATGMs. Earlier infantry anti-tank weapons such as anti-tank rifles, anti-tank missiles and magnetic anti-tank mines had limited armor-penetration abilities and/or required a soldier to approach the target closely. See: List of anti-tank missiles

</doc>
<doc id="36624257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624257" title="Vidhya Yadav">
Vidhya Yadav

Vidhya Yadav is a cricket administrator from India. She was the manager for the India national women's cricket team that participated in the 2010 Women's Twenty20 International World Cup. She was also part of the Women's Cricket Committee of the Board of Control for Cricket in India.

</doc>
<doc id="36624263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624263" title="Eric Alejandro">
Eric Alejandro

Eric Alejandro (born April 15, 1986) is an athlete from New Jersey. An alumnus of Eastern Michigan University, he represented Puerto Rico in the men's 400 meters hurdles in the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36624268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624268" title="Straight Creek, Kentucky">
Straight Creek, Kentucky

Straight Creek is an unincorporated community and coal town in Carter County, Kentucky, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36624272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624272" title="Joseph H. Ramsey">
Joseph H. Ramsey

Joseph Henry Ramsey (January 29, 1816 Sharon, Schoharie County, New York - May 12, 1894 Howe's Cave, Schoharie Co., NY) was an American lawyer, railroad executive and politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of Rev. Frederick Ramsey (1790–1879) and Sarah (Van Schaick) Ramsey (1799–1892). On March 17, 1835, he married Sarah S. Boyce, a granddaughter of Assemblyman John Rice, and they had two sons. Ramsey studied law in the office of Assemblyman Jedediah Miller, was admitted to the bar in 1840, and practiced in Lawyersville. 
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Schoharie County, 2nd District) in 1855; and of the New York State Senate (14th D.) in 1856 and 1857. While in the Senate, Ramsey secured a law to finance the construction of the Albany and Susquehanna Railroad by authorizing the towns along the line to subscribe to the stock of the company, and he was chosen Vice President of the railroad in 1858. Litigation ensued, but the New York Court of Appeals upheld the law. In 1859, the Legislature authorized the State to help the railroad with $200,000 but the law was vetoed by Gov. Edwin D. Morgan.
He was again a member of the State Senate (13th D.) from 1860 to 1863, sitting in the 83rd, 84th, 85th and 86th New York State Legislatures. He introduced three more bills to grant State funds for the completion of the railroad which also were all vetoed by Gov. Morgan. Finally, a bill appropriating $500,000 passed the Legislature and was signed by Gov. Horatio Seymour in 1863, and Ramsey was chosen President of the railroad. In 1868, Gov. Reuben E. Fenton allowed another $250,000 of State funds to complete the construction, and the railroad began operating the completed line from Albany to Binghamton in 1869. Shortly afterwards Ramsey opposed the hostile take-over of the railroad by Jay Gould and James Fisk, and the next year the railroad was leased to the Delaware and Hudson Canal Company.

</doc>
<doc id="36624275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624275" title="Spirit Indestructible">
Spirit Indestructible

"Spirit Indestructible" is a song by Canadian recording artist Nelly Furtado. The song was released on July 31, 2012 as the second European single from her fifth English-language album, "The Spirit Indestructible". The song was written by Furtado and co-written and produced by Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins. It is an urban pop song, featuring breakbeat, worldbeat and alternative dance influences.
Lyrically, it has a positive and upbeat message — about having a spirit that is indestructible and unbreakable, along with a heart that’s pure and a body that’s a miracle. The song received mixed reviews from music critics, some praised the "epic chorus" and the uplifiting lyrics, but others felt that the song was a "mess" and a strange choice of single.
The music video was shot on Vancouver’s scenic Grouse Mountain and captures the song’s empowering and spiritual message, featuring snow-capped mountains and beach bonfires, as well as Furtado performing in a theater alongside a kid playing on a miniature piano. The song performed modestly on the charts, reaching the top forty in Germany, Slovakia and Swtizerland.
Background and release.
"Spirit Indestructible" is the first song Furtado and Darkchild recorded together at 2nd Floor Studio in California. In an interview she has described the song as "a tribute to the humanity" and "how strong our spirits are." Her trip to Kenya, as an ambassador for charity Free The Children, helped her to write the song. She also recorded a Spanglish version of the song, titled "Espíritu Invencible". The song was released via digital download in Europe on July 31, 2012, in Germany on August 3, and on August 14, 2012, in the U.S. Digital Amazon store.
Composition.
"Spirit Indestructible" was written by Furtado and co-written and produced by Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins. The song is a pop and urban pop song, featuring hip hop beats, a breakbeat, Freestyle and alternative dance influences, in the same style of lead single "Big Hoops (Bigger the Better)". It also incorporates elements from many forms of pop. The song starts out with a piano introduction and then Nelly starts singing the first verse: "Through my one square foot window, I can see outside / I have chains on my feet, but not in my mind." After the first chorus, a driving drum beat enters as the second verse is sung. The post chorus features a military-drum breakdown, with Furtado singing 'AEIOU'. 
Lyrically, it has a positive and upbeat message — about having a spirit that is indestructible and unbreakable, along with a heart that’s pure and a body that’s a miracle. "It’s an ode to the spirit which resides in all of us and triumphs over anything," she explained. "It is inspired by people I have met, and special moments in history that I have read about."
Critical reception.
The song received mostly mixed reviews from music critics. Katharine St. Asaph of "Pop Dust" gave the song 3 out of 5 stars, commenting, "You end up wishing the entire song was like the second half–the lyrics are the same, so it’s no less inspirational, and it’s more inspiring anyway to move than to wonder whether you’re listening to a half-finished demo, where the producers fleshed out Nelly’s voice but didn’t get around to half the instruments yet. It’s probably too disjointed for radio play, and it’s a strange choice of single even with Darkchild producing again." Nolan Feenay from Entertainment Weekly's Music Mix wrote that "the song has a chorus as epic and uplifting as you’d expect with a new-age title like that." However, he called it "a Frankenstein of musical styles. The opening keyboard recalls the intro to Lady Gaga’s 'Marry the Night,' and the Timbaland-esque beat that kicks in later sounds like a rhythmic repeat of their 2006 hit 'Promiscuous'. Now throw in a vowel-chanting breakdown, a cinematic war cry of a bridge, and some guitar for the heck of it? Woah, Nelly. That’s a lot of song you’ve got there."
Becky Bain of Idolator commented: "Oddly, there’s something totally 80s about whatever’s going on in this hot mess of a song. It needs a lot more work to make the whole thing mesh together. And we know Nelly has always been a bit nasal, but here she just sounds like she’s whining." Amy Sciarretto of "Pop Crush" gave the song 2 out of 5 stars, commenting, "This song isn’t exactly a step up from the novelty of ‘Big Hoops.’ This track doesn’t act as a showpiece for Furtado’s vocals, either. In fact, they are more than a little bit grating and almost whiny. It’s Furtado’s pitch that makes you want to cover your ears. It’s dance floor jam, but it’s also stuffed with trite contemporary pop conventions. There’s nothing about this song that distinguishes it from the oversaturated market."
Commercial performance.
"Spirit Indestructible" debuted at number 41 on the Ö3 Austria Top 75 chart. Later, the song fell to number 44, but jumped to number 42, in its third week. In Germany, the song peaked at number 23 on the Media Control AG chart. In Switzerland, the song reached number 32 on the Schweizer Hitparade.
Music video.
A lyric video was released before the official video. The video is about Spencer West, a paraplegic who climbed Mount Kilimanjaro using only his hands. The official music video for "Spirit Indestructible" was filmed on June 15, 2012 at Grouse Mountain in North Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. On July 13, 2012, Furtado uploaded via her
YouTube account, a behind-the-scenes video. The video was directed by Aaron.A, who worked on her video, "Bajo Otra Luz". The video premiered on July 18, 2012 on VEVO. The video begins with Furtado singing in a stage accompanied by a young boy playing a piano and when the beat of music starts, Furtado suddenly is on a mountain, where she twirls around while conjuring up her own unbeatable inner strength. Furtado then leads a crew of men to a beach for a spiritual drum circle session and a dance around a bonfire. The second part of the video shows her walking with drummers on the beach and dancing on a mountain and behind the blue sky wearing a golden dress. In the final shot, the snow has melted, and Furtado turns to dust and is at one with nature.
Credits and personnel.
Credits are adapted from "The Spirit Indestructible" album liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="36624280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624280" title="2012 FIA WTCC Race of Brazil">
2012 FIA WTCC Race of Brazil

The 2012 FIA WTCC Race of Brazil was the eighth round of the 2012 World Touring Car Championship season and the seventh running of the FIA WTCC Race of Brazil. It was held on 22 July 2012 at the Autódromo Internacional de Curitiba in Pinhais, Brazil. Both races were won by Chevrolet with Yvan Muller winning race one and Robert Huff winning race two.
Background.
In the break prior to the event, Chevrolet announced they were pulling out of the World Touring Car Championship at the end of the season. This would leave Muller, Huff and Alain Menu without drives for the 2013 season. It was Yvan Muller who was leading the championship coming into Brazil on 245 points ahead of Huff and Menu. Pepe Oriola was leading the Yokohama Independents' Trophy.
In the weeks prior to Brazil, Honda also announced their 2013 driver lineup. Gabriele Tarquini and Tiago Monteiro would join the works team for the following season, with Monteiro also driving for them in the final three events of the 2012 season.
Pasquale di Sabatino, recovering from bronchitis and pneumonia was ruled out of competing by doctors. Michel Nykjær substituted for the Italian driver at bamboo-engineering for the weekend. 
Report.
Free Practice.
Muller led a Chevrolet 1–2–3 in free practice one with Tarquini in fourth ahead of the bamboo-engineering Chevrolet duo of Michel Nykjær and Alex MacDowall. 
Muller topped the times once again in the second free practice session ahead of both his Chevrolet team mates. Behind them it was the future Honda duo of Tarquini and Monteiro in front of the bamboo-engineering drivers. 
Qualifying.
After leading both free practice sessions, Muller took his third pole position of the season with Menu second and Huff third. Nykjær lined up fourth on his return to the WTCC with Tarquini the leading non-Chevrolet driver in fifth. Norbert Michelisz finished 10th in Q2 to take the reversed grid pole position for race two. 
Warm-Up.
Muller led a Chevrolet 1–2–3–4 in Sunday morning's warm-up session with Tarquini the fastest non-Chevrolet car.
Race One.
The three Chevrolet cars led from the start and had an easy race with the exception of third placed Huff who had to defend from the SEAT of Tarquini. A coming together on the second lap forced both Monteiro and Alberto Cerqui into retirement. Tarquini finished fourth behind the works Chevrolet cars, led by Muller and ahead of the bamboo-engineering pair of Nykjær and MacDowall. Nykjær celebrated his return to the WTCC as the winning independent driver. Michelisz finished ahead of Oriola in the independents' race which would see him close in the Yokohama Trophy title lead. A last lap coming together between Stefano D'Aste and Franz Engstler for fifteenth landed D'Aste with a 30 second penalty after the race, dropping him to seventeenth.
Race Two.
Michelisz started on pole position for the second race and he held the lead until half distance when he got passed by Tarquini, Huff, Menu and Muller on the same lap. Huff and Menu were then able to overtake the Italian driver and use him as a buffer between themselves and championship leader Muller. A coming together between ROAL Motorsport's Cerqui and Lukoil Racing Team's Aleksei Dudukalo forced the BMW to crash into the pit wall and retirement. At the flag Huff and Menu formed a Chevrolet 1–2 with Tarquini third and Muller missing out on a podium in fourth. Michelisz finished fifth as the winning independent as Oriola watched on from the pits having retired from the race, his Yokohama Trophy lead lost to the Zengő Motorsport driver.

</doc>
<doc id="36624284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624284" title="Richard Hurt">
Richard Hurt

Richard Harte, Hunt or Hurt (died 1616), of Nottingham, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Nottingham from 1604 to 1611.

</doc>
<doc id="36624307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624307" title="Sample Analysis at Mars">
Sample Analysis at Mars

Sample Analysis at Mars (SAM) is a suite of instruments on the Mars Science Laboratory "Curiosity" rover. The SAM instrument suite will analyze organics and gases from both atmospheric and solid samples.
It was developed by the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center, the Laboratoire Inter-Universitaire des Systèmes Atmosphériques (LISA) (jointly operated by France's CNRS and Parisian universities), and Honeybee Robotics, along with many additional external partners. 
Instruments.
The SAM suite consists of three instruments:
Subsystems.
The SAM also has three subsystems: the 'Chemical separation and processing laboratory', for enrichment and derivatization of the organic molecules of the sample; the sample manipulation system (SMS) for transporting powder delivered from the MSL drill to a SAM inlet and into one of 74 sample cups. The SMS then moves the sample to the SAM oven to release gases by heating to up to 1000oC; and the pumps subsystem to purge the separators and analysers.
The Space Physics Research Laboratory at the University of Michigan built the main power supply, command and data handling unit, valve and heater controller, filament/bias controller, and high voltage module. The uncooled infrared detectors were developed and provided by the Polish company VIGO System.

</doc>
<doc id="36624312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624312" title="Sunspot Jonz">
Sunspot Jonz

Corey Johnson, better known by his stage name Sunspot Jonz, is a rapper from Los Angeles, California. He is a founding member of Living Legends, a conglomerate of underground hip hop artists from California. He is also one half of Mystik Journeymen along with Luckyiam.
History.
Sunspot Jonz released "Don't Let 'Em Stop You" in 2003. It features contributions from Dirt Nasty, Moka Only and The Grouch.
He released two solo albums, "Fight-Destroy-Rock" and "The Darkside ov Heaven", in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36624325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624325" title="Indium-mediated allylation">
Indium-mediated allylation

Indium-mediated allylations (IMAs) are important chemical reactions for the formation of carbon–carbon bonds. This reaction has two steps: first, indium inserts itself between the carbon–halogen bond of an allyl halide, becoming the organoindium intermediate; second, this intermediate reacts with electrophiles to synthesize a wide range of compounds like carbohydrates and drugs. This reaction is depicted in the scheme below.
<br>
<br> 
Although this reaction occurs in two steps, it is commonly done as a Barbier reaction where the indium, allyl halide, and electrophile are all mixed together in a one-pot reaction.
Indium reacts more readily than other metals, such as Mg, Pb, Bi, or Zn and does not require a promoter or flammable organic solvent to drive the reaction. IMAs have advantages over other carbon bond forming reactions because of their ability to be carried out in water, which is cheap and environmentally friendly. Therefore, these reactions represent Green chemistry, providing a safer alternative to the very common Grignard reaction, performed with Mg. Reactions yield high stereo- and regio-selectivity with few by-products making it easy to purify the desired product.
Industrial use.
The ability of the IMA reaction to form new carbon–carbon bonds allows simple molecules found in petroleum to be built into bigger, more complex molecules like drugs. Indium metal is very good at selectively synthesizing specific products.
Reaction conditions.
In reactions with indium, water is widely used as solvent. Reactions with magnesium, in contrast, must exclude water since protonolysis destroys the Grignard reagent. Furthermore, Mg is often coated with an oxide layer of MgO, requiring heat, sonication, or chemical treatment to expose fresh metal. Indium, however, can readily react with allyl halides in water. After the intermediate reacts with the electrophile, free In3+ ions are released which may rapidly precipitate as In(OH)3. Under some conditions, this precipitate may coat the surface of the indium and hinder the reaction. To prevent this side reaction from complicating the synthesis, an acid such as HCl or acetic acid is often added.
Other solvents.
Although indium mediated allylations can be carried out in aqueous media, a variety of other solvents may be used including THF (tetrahydrofuran), DMF (dimethylformamide), room temperature ionic liquids, NMF (n-methylformamide), and others. Solvent often affects the solubility, rate of the reaction, yield, stability, regioselectivity, and stereoselectivity.
Diversity of reaction.
The organic halide.
Allyl bromides and iodides are common reactants for the IMA reaction. Chlorides are also used but are likely to proceed more slowly since the carbon–chlorine bond is relatively strong. Fluorides are generally unreactive, and thus not used.
Further increasing the importance of indium, propargyl halides undergo similar reactions. An example is shown below.
Reactions with electrophilic compounds.
Indium mediates the allylation of a wide variety of electrophiles. The examples in the following scheme illustrate the breadth of applications of IMA.
Selectivity.
Indium mediated allylations are very selective, offering four different types of selectivity: chemoselectivity, regioselectivity, diastereoselectivity, and enantioselectivity.
Chemoselective chemistry.
Organoindium intermediates do not react with –OH or –CO2H groups. Reactions with carbonyls, however, give high yields. Research has shown that in reactions of an indium intermediate with an electrophilic compound of both aldehyde and ketone, the reaction proceeded with the aldehyde. The electrophilic compound is shown below.
Regioselective chemistry.
The regioselectivity of allylation mediated by indium in water is dependent on the steric effects of the substituents on both the intermediate and carbonyl. An α-attack from the nucleophile (at the position bearing the halogen) is distinguishable from a γ-attack (at the double bond) by inspecting the products. The scheme below gives an example of two different products formed from the same nucleophile under α-regioselectivity (α) and γ-regioselectivity (γ). This regioselectivity does not appear to depend on conjugation or the degree of substitution. 
Diastereoselective chemistry.
The addition of allylindium reagents to aldehydes substituted at α or β carbons can be very diastereoselective in aqueous systems. For example, if chelation control is present in an α-oxy aldehyde, the product is expected to be the syn diastereomer. A sample reaction of chelation versus non-chelation control is illustrated below.
Numerous investigations have found an explanation for this effect. The oxygens of the carbonyl and the hydroxyl group chelate the indium of the organoindium intermediate as illustrated below on the left by the two green bonds. The incipient C-C bond, illustrated in red, creates a six-member ring in a chair conformation. Under chelation control, the allyl group attacks the carbonyl carbon from the less hindered side opposite to that of the R group. Once the C-C bond is fully formed, the indium is released, producing the syn diol. A similar chelated structure explains why allylation of β-oxy aldehydes results in anti diols.
From this application of allylindium and oxygenated aldehydes, pharmaceutical companies can select for specific diastereomeric products. The Grignard reaction does not have this advantage because it is so reactive that it attacks indiscriminately from both sides.
Enantioselective chemistry.
Indium is also capable of affording excellent enantioselectivity when performed in the presence of chiral additives. For example, three effective chiral additives are shown below.
The addition of allylindium reagents to electrophilic hydrazones, illustrated below, has been reported to synthesize only one enantiomer of the chiral product with up to 97% selectivity using binol as a chiral additive. Similarly, a chiral amino alcohol allows for extremely high enantioselectivity in the allylation of ketones. 
Fundamental studies of IMA.
Organoindium intermediate.
Although there has been some confusion over the precise structure of the organoindium intermediates, recent publications have added considerable clarity. For example, after mixing allyl bromide with indium in THF, two compounds were separately crystallized and identified as monoallylindium dibromide and diallylindium bromide, illustrated below. 
However, other species may also be present. In solution, mass spectrometry has detected a variety of organoindium(III) species such as InRX3-, RXIn+, R2In+, X2In+, many of which are in equilibrium with each other. 
Balanced equation.
Although most attention is paid to the organic molecules produced by these reactions, the overall balanced equation of IMA has been determined in aqueous media. The formation of the organoindium intermediates is illustrated in the first reaction below. Inclusion of, for example, an aldehyde as the electrophile is represented by the following reaction. (The proportion of indium halide to indium hydroxide will depend on conditions such as pH and temperature.)
Rate of reaction.
The rate of this reaction, determined approximately by TLC, appears to be solvent dependent. The first step, formation of the organoinidum intermediate at the indium surface, is rapid and first order with respect to allyl halide. When the halide is bromide or iodide and convection is rapid, the reaction rate is mass transport limited. The heterogeneous rate constant for the first step has been determined to be at least 0.01 cm/s. 
Thermodynamics.
Formation of organoindium intermediates is known to be exothermic, but no measurements of the enthalpy or free energy of the reactions have been reported.

</doc>
<doc id="36624326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624326" title="German submarine U-274">
German submarine U-274

German submarine "U-274" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
The submarine was laid down on 9 January 1942 at the "Bremer Vulkan" yard at Bremen-Vegesack as 'werk' 39. She was launched on 19 September 1942 and commissioned on 7 November under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Günther Jordan.
Service history.
"U-274" served with the 8th U-boat Flotilla for training from November 1942 to July 1943 and operationally with the 7th U-boat Flotilla from 1 August 1943. She carried out two patrols, but sank no ships.
She carried out short voyages between Kiel in Germany and Bergen and Trondheim in Norway over August 1943.
1st patrol.
The boat departed Trondheim on 1 September 1943 and returned to the Norwegian port twelve days later on the 13th.
2nd patrol and loss.
For her second sortie, the boat headed toward the Atlantic Ocean, via the gap between Iceland and the Faroe Islands. She was sunk by Hedgehog and depth charges dropped by the British destroyers and and a B-24 Liberator of No. 224 Squadron RAF on 23 October 1943.
The pilot of the Liberator was a Swiss national serving in the RAF. The intercom in the aircraft had been inadvertently left connected to the radio. As a result, ships of the nearby convoy escort heard an improvised commentary which was a great encouragement.

</doc>
<doc id="36624329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624329" title="Navruz Jurakobilov">
Navruz Jurakobilov

Navruz Jurakobilov is an Uzbek judoka. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, but eliminated in the round of 16 by Rasul Boqiev.

</doc>
<doc id="36624341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624341" title="United States presidential election in Pennsylvania, 1852">
United States presidential election in Pennsylvania, 1852

The 1852 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania took place on November 2, 1852, as part of the 1852 United States presidential election. Voters chose 27 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Pennsylvania voted for the Democratic candidate, Franklin Pierce, over the Whig candidate, Winfield Scott. Pierce won Pennsylvania by a margin of 5.02%.

</doc>
<doc id="36624347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624347" title="Criminology (journal)">
Criminology (journal)

Criminology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Society of Criminology. The editor-in-chief is Wayne Osgood. The journal covers research in criminology and penology.
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 2.467, ranking it second out of 50 journals in the category "Criminology & Penology".

</doc>
<doc id="36624357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624357" title="Fun on a Bun">
Fun on a Bun

"Fun on a Bun" is the eighth episode of the seventh season of the animated sitcom "Futurama". It originally aired on Comedy Central on August 1, 2012.
The episode was written by Dan Vebber and directed by Stephen Sandoval.
Plot.
Professor Farnsworth takes the Planet Express crew to Germany for Oktoberfest. Fry is disappointed to discover that the celebration has become much more refined since the 20th century, and he gets intoxicated and performs "The Chicken Dance", embarrassing his fellow workers, particularly Leela, who breaks up with him. Meanwhile, Bender discovers that chef Elzar is there, ready to win the sausage-making challenge using pork that has been aged over 3000 years. Bender is determined to win the event, and takes a despondent Fry with him in the Planet Express ship to look for woolly mammoths frozen in a nearby glacier within Neander Valley, believing that meat aged over 30,000 years should certainly win. Bender is successful at finding a woolly mammoth, and with Fry's help, proceeds to grind the woolly mammoth into sausages. Bender is unaware when Fry appears to fall into the grinder. Later, as the rest of the crew tastes Bender's sausages, they find traces of Fry's hair and clothing, and assume he has been killed and made into sausage meat. Leela is so upset that she decides to have all of her memories of Fry removed from her working memory. The Planet Express crew do their best to avoid mentioning Fry to Leela after this process.
A flashback shows that Fry had managed to pull himself out of the shredder in time, losing his clothes and some hair in the process. He then falls down a deep pit, hits his head, and is partially frozen. Fry is soon discovered by a lost society of Neanderthal cavemen and other prehistoric animals that have lived within the glacier for more than 30,000 years. These Neanderthals were long ago driven into exile by the then emerging Homo sapiens. The fall, having given Fry both short-term memory loss and an enlarged Neanderthal-like brow, leaves him unaware of his past, and he joins the tribe. He and Leela see certain objects that remind them both of each other, though they still cannot remember who the other is. Fry soon convinces the Neanderthals to return to the surface through a hole found in the ice.
At Oktoberfest, Bender is dissatisfied that his mammoth sausage only won third place. Fry leads the Neanderthals out of the pit, and they attack the attendees of Oktoberfest with woolly mammoths, a woolly rhinoceros, and a Megatherium (which moved slowly towards Hermes). Bender uses the chaos of the attack to secretly dispose of the chefs that won first and second place, so that he can be the first place winner. Zapp Brannigan tries to attack from his ship only for the Neanderthals to catapult a Smilodon into the ship, causing it to crash. The battle culminates with Fry and Leela having a face-off on the deck of the Planet Express Ship. The pair, still lacking memories of each other, nevertheless come to recollect the other and embrace in a kiss. The two warring sides are inspired by this act of affection and decide to end the conflict before Fry and Leela's memories are fully restored.
A new and much-less-refined Oktoberfest celebration is restarted and the episode ends as Fry sits back while Leela performs the "Chicken Dance", allowing her to embarrass him for a change.
Reception.
The A.V. Club gave this episode a "B". 

</doc>
<doc id="36624361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624361" title="Daniel Boone, Kentucky">
Daniel Boone, Kentucky

Daniel Boone is an unincorporated community and coal town in Hopkins County, Kentucky, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36624363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624363" title="Mariléia dos Santos">
Mariléia dos Santos

Mariléia dos Santos (born 19 November 1963, in Valença, Rio de Janeiro), commonly known as Michael Jackson, is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a striker for the Brazil women's national football team.
Career.
After her appearance with Brazil in the 1995 World Cup, Michael Jackson accepted a contract offer from Italian Serie A club Torino.
Michael Jackson retired from playing aged 46, with a reported 1574 goals to her credit. She was named equal third in the International Federation of Football History & Statistics (IFFHS) South America's best Women's Footballer of the Century list.
International.
In 1988 Michael Jackson was part of the EC Radar club team who represented Brazil at the FIFA Women's Invitation Tournament in Guangdong and finished in third place.
Michael Jackson played for the Brazilian women's national team in the 1995 FIFA Women's World Cup and at the 1996 Olympics. In 2011 she was appointed co-ordinator of women's football in Brazil.
Personal life.
Mariléia dos Santos chose the nickname Michael Jackson as an homage to the recording artist. Speaking in May 1999, United States player Julie Foudy did not see much resemblance: "She didn't really look like Michael Jackson, but she did wear one glove."

</doc>
<doc id="36624415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624415" title="Jozef Cieminski">
Jozef Cieminski

Józef Franciszek Darzyn Ciemiński (Borzyszkowy, 4 August 1867-Winona, 1959) was a Polish-born Roman Catholic priest in Minnesota.
Biography.
He was born in the Kaszubian village of Borzyszkowy, near Bytow. He was the first of ten children born to Franciszek and Maryanna Darzyn Cieminski, who emigrated from Prussian Poland (Kashubia) to the United States in 1881 aboard the paddle steamer Grimsby. The humble peasant boy's fifty-one years as a Roman Catholic priest would take him from the post of archdiocesan Secretary to the rectory of a Polish colony on the Minnesota frontier, and from Minneapolis troubleshooter to respected patriarch of Winona's Kaszubian Polish community. Kaszubian born and American educated, Father Joseph F. Cieminski exemplified through his long and accomplished life the hard work and achievements of America's Kaszubian Polish community.
Wilno, Minnesota.
Father Cieminski's next assignment, in Wilno, Minnesota, returned him to the Archdiocese of Saint Paul. The Polish colony in Wilno had been established in 1883 under the auspices of the Archdiocese of Saint Paul and the Chicago and Northwestern Railroad. It represented an attempt to steer underemployed Polish-American urbanites into the Archdiocese's wide-open western spaces; a recent article by John Radzilowski treats Wilno as an exemplar of Polish-American farm life. Radzilowski also chronicles Archbishop Ireland's ham-fisted attempt to control Wilno's Saint John Cantius Parish by replacing a popular Polish-speaking priest with an unfortunate Bohemian priest who (due solely to his ethnicity) was run out of the parish in some time. 
From 1896 to 1902, Father Jan Andrzejewski had labored to build for St. John Cantius what Father Waclaw Kruszka describes as "a new, spacious, and magnificent temple," only to depart just before the building's consecration in a confrontation (according to the 1983 Parish Jubilee Book) over the church organ. Arriving in 1902, Father Cieminski brought the parish back into line despite the fact that Father Andrezejewski remained in Wilno for quite some time. In 1906, Father Cieminski also engaged the School Sisters of Saint Francis from Rochester (otherwise known as the Rochester Franciscans) to staff Saint John Cantius's elementary school. In 1907 Father Cieminski was recalled by the Diocese of Winona as pastor of Saint Casimir's Church in Wells, Minnesota; his three years in the little Faribault County town appear to have been free of any major troubles.
Duluth.
In 1910, Father Cieminski transferred to Duluth, Minnesota, to serve as pastor to the troubled parish of Saints Peter and Paul (now closed). Duluth's second Polish Catholic church had become a battleground between the Diocese of Duluth and a group of "independent" parishioners determined to bring it into the Polish National Catholic Church. Already a group of "independents" had seceded from Duluth's first Polish Catholic church, Saint Mary Star of the Sea, resulting in the 1907 foundation of Saint Josephat's Polish National Church. The legal battle over Saints Peter and Paul had been won, but Father Cieminski had to spend the next five years putting Saints Peter and Paul Parish back in order.
Minneapolis.
1915 saw Father Cieminski moving to another trouble spot, the parish of Holy Cross in Minneapolis, founded in 1886 by his mentor and friend, Father Pacholski. Holy Cross had been in turmoil for several years, due to a scandal involving (or not involving) its longtime pastor, Father Henryk Jazdzewski. Sensing an opportunity, a faction of "independents" had already broken away from Holy Cross and founded Sacred Heart Polish National Church. Another such faction had arisen and was trying to take over Holy Cross itself.
Winona.
In 1932, Father Cieminski, now aged 65, replaced the late Father Pacholski as pastor of Saint Stanislaus Kostka in WInona. For the first time in his career as a priest, Father Cieminski had the enviable task of building upon an already rock solid foundation. Having succeeded in the most difficult positions that three separate Minnesota dioceses could find for him, he had no difficulty following in Father Pacholski's giant footsteps. Instead, he went on to become a beloved pastor and a respected figure in the Winona community. In 1943, his exemplary efforts were rewarded when Pope Pius XII raised him to the rank of Monsignor. In 1946, his retirement after fifty-one years in the priesthood was celebrated with an outpouring of gratitude of respect from his parishioners, his fellow priests, and the Winona community.
Father Joseph F. Cieminski died in a Saint James, Minnesota retirement facility on November 19, 1959. Over his ninety-two years he had experienced - and taken an integral part in - dramatic changes for both the Roman Catholic Church in Minnesota and the Kaszubian community of the Upper Mississippi Valley. He lies buried in Winona, among other members of the Cieminski family, in Saint Mary's Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="36624453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624453" title="Shogo Nishida">
Shogo Nishida

Shogo Nishida (born 27 November 1982) is a Japanese fencer. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, but was eliminated in the first round by Paris Inostroza.

</doc>
<doc id="36624471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624471" title="Bluemercury">
Bluemercury

Bluemercury, Inc. is an American chain of luxury beauty product stores and spas founded in Georgetown, Washington, DC in 1999, by Marla Malcolm Beck and Barry Jon Beck. The Bluemercury chain includes 49 locations throughout the U.S. located primarily in upscale shopping districts.
History.
Bluemercury was founded by Marla Malcolm Beck and her husband Barry Jon Beck in 1999. The inspiration for opening a store came, when Marla Beck was living in Boston and found it difficult to purchase certain items without driving 30 miles. '“It was frustrating. In 1999 you couldn’t find what you wanted, which was a friendly neighborhood store that sold highly selective cosmetics and skin care products.”
The first Bluemercury store was opened in Georgetown, Washington, DC in 1999. Its most recent store opened in Seattle, Washington in April 2014.
Founders.
Marla Malcolm Beck and Barry Jon Beck founded Bluemercury in 1999.
Marla Malcolm Beck is the CEO of Bluemercury and leads Bluemercury’s merchandising, marketing, planning and store operations teams. From 1999–2006, she served as Bluemercury Inc.’s Chairman of the Board of Directors.
Barry Jon Beck is the COO and oversees all aspects of Bluemercury’s operations including real estate, product development, finance, and acquisitions. Mr. Beck developed the original store retail model after the acquisition and development of the first Bluemercury store. He currently sits on Bluemercury's Board of Directors, a position he has held since the company's inception.
Brands and Services Offered.
Bluemercury carries a variety of beauty products for men and women from over 100 brands including Laura Mercier, Clinique, La Mer, Diptyque, Bobbi Brown, and Oribe, as well as the Beck's private cosmeceutical skincare line M-61 Laboratories.
Spa services range from facials and body treatments to brow styling and waxing. Microdermobrasion is available at select locations.
Store Locations.
Bluemercury currently has 49 stores in the U.S. following eight store openings in 2013 that resulted in new markets in new states and doubling its presence in existing markets like Boston.
A majority of stores are located in the northeast. Locations on the East Coast include New York City, Bethesda, Maryland, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Boston, Massachusetts and its surrounding areas, Connecticut, and New Jersey, which has more locations than any other state, 11. A number of stores are also found in Metropolitan Washington D.C.
The first Midwestern locations opened in Chicago in 2005, followed by a location in suburban Cleveland in late 2012. In 2013 Bluemercury expanded in the Minneapolis market, as well as Ann Arbor, MI and Metropolitan Detroit. In total eight stores opened in 2013.
In the south stores are located across Virginia, in Jacksonville, FL, and Charleston, SC.
Bluemercury is located in Tucson, AZ, Corte Madera, CA, and Seattle, WA on the West Coast.
New locations are expected to open in Chestnut Hill, MA, Portland, OR, Montclair, NJ, and Atlanta, GA in 2014 as part of 12 to 14 scheduled store openings in the year. Bluemercury will be returning to Atlanta after closing its initial store there in 2009. Another 20 to 25 stores are projected to open in 2015. New stores will be placed in new markets as well as in existing ones.

</doc>
<doc id="36624472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624472" title="Baskett, Kentucky">
Baskett, Kentucky

Baskett is an unincorporated community and coal town in Henderson County, Kentucky, United States. Its post office opened in 1890.

</doc>
<doc id="36624473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624473" title="Mardin (electoral district)">
Mardin (electoral district)

Mardin is an electoral district of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey. It elects six members of parliament (deputies) to represent the province of the same name for a four-year term by the D'Hondt method, a party-list proportional representation system.
Members.
Population reviews of each electoral district are conducted before each general election, which can lead to certain districts being granted a smaller or greater number of parliamentary seats. Mardin's seat allocation has varied little over the last sixty years, keeping around the six seats it has today.
There are currently six sitting members of parliament representing Mardin, three of which are from the governing party. Van was a district where the pro-Kurdish Peace and Democracy Party (BDP) ran independent candidates in an attempt to overcome the 10 percent national electoral threshold. Three independent candidates were elected here in 2011; two have since joined the BDP.
Elections.
2011.
Unelected candidates in small text.

</doc>
<doc id="36624484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624484" title="Land Drainage Act">
Land Drainage Act

Land Drainage Act (with its variations) is a stock short title used in New Zealand and the United Kingdom for legislation relating to land drainage.
List.
United Kingdom.
The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Acts 1863 to 1892 was the collective title of the following Acts:
The Drainage and Navigation (Ireland) Acts 1842 to 1857 was the collective title of the following Acts:
The Public Money Drainage Acts 1846 to 1856 was the collective title of the following Acts:

</doc>
<doc id="36624485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624485" title="Interscholastic Athletic Association of Maryland">
Interscholastic Athletic Association of Maryland

The Interscholastic Athletic Association of Maryland (IAAM) is an association of schools that organize the junior and varsity female athletic programs in the area in and around the Baltimore Metro area. It is headquartered in Pasadena, Maryland.
Background.
The IAAM was formed in 1999, by combining two existing girls' athletic leagues, A.I.S. and the Catholic League.

</doc>
<doc id="36624493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624493" title="Man Therapy">
Man Therapy

Man Therapy is an interactive mental health campaign targeting working age men (25-54) that employs humor to cut through stigma and tackle issues like depression, divorce and anxiety. The campaign features the fictional Dr. Rich Mahogany, described by Adam Newman in the New York Times as “an affable, mustachioed, middle-aged man whose personality might be described as Dr. Phil meets Ron Burgundy, Will Ferrell’s fictional anchorman.”
Man Therapy was created by Cactus, a Denver-based ad agency, in conjunction with the Carson J Spencer Foundation and the Office of Suicide Prevention at the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment (CDPHE).
About the campaign.
The purpose of the Man Therapy campaign is to provide men approaching crisis, and their loved ones, a place to go and learn more about men’s mental health, examine their own and consider a wide array of actions that will put them on the path to treatment and recovery. The message is that all men should be aware of their mental health, treat it like they would a broken leg and strive to get better.
Man Therapy is built around the fictional Man Therapist, Dr. Rich Mahogany. He’s a man’s man who is dedicated to cutting through the denial with a fresh approach using his rapier wit, odd sense of humor, no BS approach and practical, useful advice for men. There exists an age-old stigma that says mental health disorders are unmanly signs of weakness. Dr. Rich Mahogany and Man Therapy, is dedicated to smashing that.
The centerpiece of the campaign is the ManTherapy.org website, where men and their loved ones will find they have a virtual appointment with Dr. Mahogany. He greets visitors, makes them feel at ease and then provides an overview of what they will find and explore during their visit. From there, visitors can navigate through Dr. Mahogany’s office where they can find useful information about men’s mental health including guy’s guide to Gentlemental Health. Men can also choose to take an 18-question quiz to evaluate their own mental health, access resources and explore a wide range of actions from accessing do-it-yourself tips, seeking therapy referral sources, links to local support groups and organizations as well as a crisis line.
The integrated communications campaign also includes a 30-second TV PSA, viral videos, social media, outdoor boards and outreach materials such as posters, coasters and Dr. Mahogany’s business card.
History.
In 2006, as a part of their partnership with the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment, Cactus was introduced to Jarrod Hindman, Director of the Office of Suicide Prevention (OSP). He was running an underfunded program to address the critically important issue of suicide in Colorado. Cactus agreed to do some pro bono work for the program. Through that process the agency learned a great deal about this issue and was introduced to the Carson J Spencer Foundation (CJSF), a local non-profit dedicated to suicide prevention. CJSF was founded in 2005 after its namesake, Carson Spencer, a 34-year-old Denver businessman, died by suicide following a difficult battle with bipolar disorder. Together, the three –– Cactus, OSP and CJSF –– formed a partnership to try to reach working aged men who were potentially high risk for suicide and unlikely to seek help on their own.
With a $25,000 contribution from the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention and $5,000 allocated from a larger Garrett Lee Smith Suicide Prevention grant, Cactus developed a comprehensive public education plan while conducting some very insightful and thrifty research studies. Fortunately, the Office of Suicide Prevention landed some untapped state dollars for a one-time, $400,000 campaign. Cactus competed for the contract in a competitive, state-bid process and was awarded the contract in 2009. However, a week after the contract was signed, we were informed that due to state budget cuts the entire grant and contract was cancelled. We were once again left with nothing but a really great plan and zero budget to implement it. Not to be deterred, the partnership forged ahead to launch this vital campaign. Serendipitously, Cactus heard the The Anschutz Foundation was looking to invest in a suicide prevention program. Cactus jumped on the opportunity and submitted a grant proposal on behalf of a private/public/non-profit partnership between Cactus, Office of Suicide Prevention at CDPHE and the Carson J Spencer Foundation. Additionally, Cactus was awarded a grant from The Anschutz Foundation to develop a campaign while establishing a sustainable effort in Colorado and beyond.
Results.
Man Therapy has received numerous awards for its innovative approach to mental health, including the Gold Addy Award for Public Service: Digital Advertising and Advertising Age awarded Man Therapy the Pro Bono Campaign of the Year. In addition, Man Therapy was recognized by the Safe States Alliance as the 2013 Innovative Initiative of the Year. 
An Australian version of Man Therapy launched in May, 2013in partnership with beyondblue

</doc>
<doc id="36624501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624501" title="David Chapman (sport shooter)">
David Chapman (sport shooter)

David Chapman (born 22 March 1965) is an Australian sports shooter who has competed at two Olympic Games. He has competed in the 25 metre rapid fire pistol at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, finishing in 20th place. He returned to the Olympic team for the 2012 London Olympics where he competed in the same event, finishing 18th.
His daughter Hayley Chapman also competed at London, in the 25 metre pistol event.

</doc>
<doc id="36624502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624502" title="Yenice, Dikili">
Yenice, Dikili

Yenice is a small village in Dikili district of İzmir Province, Turkey. It is situated on the western slopes of the mountainous area. The population of Yenice is 92. as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36624517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624517" title="Yahşibey">
Yahşibey

Yahşibey is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province, Turkey. It is east of the Aegean Sea coast and it is almost merged to Bademli. The population of the Yahşibey is 239 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36624520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624520" title="List of recipients of the Order of the Liberator General San Martín">
List of recipients of the Order of the Liberator General San Martín

Here is a classification of the most notable recipients of the Order of the Liberator General San Martín, the highest order of the Republic of Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="36624524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624524" title="Uzunburun">
Uzunburun

Uzunburun is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province, Turkey. It is situated to the east of Dikili . The population of Uzunburun is 146 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36624530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624530" title="Samanlıkköy">
Samanlıkköy

Samanlıköy is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province, Turkey. The population of Samanlıköy is 100 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36624539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624539" title="Nebiler, Dikili">
Nebiler, Dikili

Nebiler is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province, Turkey. It is situated to the east of Turkish state highway . The population of Nebiler is 167 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36624548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624548" title="Merdivenli">
Merdivenli

Merdivenli is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province, Turkey. It is situated to the south of Dikili. The population of Merdivenli is 204. as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36624559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624559" title="Mazılı">
Mazılı

Mazılı is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province, Turkey. It is situated in the southern slopes of the mountainous area. Its distance to Dikili is and to İzmir is .The population of the village is 177 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36624566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624566" title="Kızılçukur, Dikili">
Kızılçukur, Dikili

Kızılçukur is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province, Turkey. It is situated to the east of Turkish state highway . The population of the village is 250 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36624569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624569" title="Kıroba">
Kıroba

Kıroba is a small village in Dikili district of İzmir Province, Turkey. It is situated to the north of Geyikli creek. The population of the village is 66 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36624577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624577" title="Pamela K. Chen">
Pamela K. Chen

Pamela Ki Mai Chen (born 1961) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York.
Biography.
Chen was born in 1961 in Chicago, Illinois. She received her B.A. degree in 1983 from the University of Michigan. She received her J.D. in 1986 from Georgetown University Law Center. She started her career at the law firm of Arnold & Porter from 1986 to 1989 and then at the criminal defense law firm of Asbill, Junkin, Myers & Buffone from 1989 to 1991, both law firms located in Washington, D.C. From 1991 to 1998, she was a trial attorney in the Special Litigation Section of the Civil Rights Division at the United States Department of Justice. Beginning in 1998, she served as an Assistant United States Attorney in the Eastern District of New York, except for a four-month period in 2008, when she served as Deputy Commissioner for Enforcement for the New York State Division of Human Rights. During her service in the United States Attorney's Office, she held many supervisory positions, including Chief of the Civil Rights Section and Deputy Chief of the Public Integrity Section.
Nomination to District Court.
On August 2, 2012, President Barack Obama nominated Chen to serve as a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, to the seat vacated by Judge Raymond J. Dearie who took senior status on April 3, 2011. Her nomination came at the recommendation of Senator Chuck Schumer. On September 19, 2012, the Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing on her nomination and reported her nomination to the floor on December 6, 2012, by voice vote. On January 2, 2013, her nomination was returned to the President, due to the sine die adjournment of the Senate.
On January 3, 2013, she was renominated to the same office. Her nomination was reported by the Senate Judiciary Committee on February 14, 2013, by voice vote.
On March 4, 2013, the U.S. Senate confirmed Chen's nomination by voice vote. She received her commission on March 5, 2013.
Chen is the first Asian American lesbian to serve on the federal bench.

</doc>
<doc id="36624578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624578" title="Kıratlı, Dikili">
Kıratlı, Dikili

Kıratlı is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province, Turkey. It is one of the northernmost villages of the district. It is situated to the east of Turkish state highway and Aegean Sea coast. The population of the village is 724 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36624591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624591" title="Katıralanı">
Katıralanı

Katıralanı is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province, Turkey. It is situated to the south of Dikili. The population of the village is 156 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36624600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624600" title="İslamlar, Dikili">
İslamlar, Dikili

İslamlar is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province, Turkey. It is situated in the to the east of Turkish state highway . The population of the village is 266 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36624606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624606" title="38–39 Bayley Lane">
38–39 Bayley Lane

All that remains of 38–39 Bayley Lane is the medieval undercroft or cellar, a fourteenth-century cellar that initially belonged to a wealthy merchant, who was a clothier. The undercroft is built with sandstone with a stone-ribbed vault for added security and strength. It is accessible from Herbert Art Gallery and Museum, Coventry.
History.
Late medieval period.
The area of Bayley Lane that the building was located in was occupied by wealthy merchants in the late medieval period. Following the earlier levelling of Coventry Castle, the area would have been undeveloped. Bayley Lane likely emerged as a route through the former castle bailey or outer court.
The status of the area grew after the establishment of St Mary's Guildhall, followed by the construction of Drapers Hall.
The property belonged to the Benedictine Priory and the earliest-known tenant was Robert Allesley, a girdler.
Undercroft.
The cellar of 38–39 Bayley Lane is much smaller than the similar undercroft beneath St Mary's Guildhall, further along Bayley Lane which is used as a restaurant.
Architecture.
The undercroft consists of two square bays making a rectangular room (just over ). There are two separate entrances, one by which the cellar is entered from Herbert Art Gallery and Museum in the west and another, which is blocked after a few steps, in the east. There are niches in the northern and southern walls which were used to store valuable goods.
The local topography allowed the cellar to be lit on the northern side with a window.

</doc>
<doc id="36624612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624612" title="Gökçeağıl">
Gökçeağıl

Gökçeağıl is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province, Turkey. It is situated in the to the east of Turkish highway . The population of the village is 279 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36624613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624613" title="BuzzBuzzHome">
BuzzBuzzHome

BuzzBuzzHome is a Toronto, Canadian company that provides an online listing service for new residential developments. It is a free wiki-powered listing service, that sells more prominent listings for a monthly fee. BuzzBuzzHome receives over 300,000 unique visitors per month. The company has other offices in Vancouver and New York City.
History.
BuzzBuzz was founded in 2009 by co-founders Matthew Slutsky and Cliff Peskin in Toronto. Since then its page-views have grown by about 10 percent per month. In 2012 BuzzBuzzHome expanded offices to New York City to begin providing its services to the United States. Minto Group, Menkes, Pemberton Group, Cityzen, The Remington Group, The Daniels Corporation, Tridel, and approximately 250 other developers have become clients of BuzzBuzzHome.
Service.
BuzzBuzzHome provides both demand and supply side services in the real estate market for new developments. For consumers, BuzzBuzzHome allows access to information regarding new developments across Canada including pricing, floor plans, renderings, associated builders/developers and other information. It also allows the user to filter their search based on listing attributes. On the supply side, BuzzBuzzHome serves as a marketing tool for developers, brokerages, and marketing agencies. BuzzBuzzHome employs research staff who update developer pages and the site's Wiki format allows registered developers to update their own listings directly. Some developers pay an extra fee for a more prominent feature. Featured listings are advertised in banner ads to local users and are given priority listings in search among other benefits.

</doc>
<doc id="36624622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624622" title="Denizköy, Dikili">
Denizköy, Dikili

Denizköy (literally "sea village") is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province, Turkey. It is situated on the Aegean Sea side. The population of the village is 284 as of 2011.
The Denizköy VLF transmitter, a very low frequency transmitter for the United States Navy, is located near the village and is one of the tallest structures in Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36624628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624628" title="Çukuralanı">
Çukuralanı

Çukuralan is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province, Turkey. It is situated in the western slopes of the mountainous area. The population of the village is 128. as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36624629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624629" title="Durrants">
Durrants

Durrants is a hotel located in London on George Street. 
It was established in 1789. Several houses have been incorporated into the building's structure by the Miller family, who have owned the hotel since 1921. It has 92 rooms. The hotel is opposite the Wallace Collection, which features fine and decorative arts from the 15th to 19th century in 25 galleries. The hotel underwent refurbishment in the early 2000s when twenty rooms were renovated and a new head chef Pascal Valée joined the premises.

</doc>
<doc id="36624636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624636" title="Chammanthi podi">
Chammanthi podi

Chammanthi podi is a condiment from the Indian state of Kerala. Regular coconut chutneys would spoil the same day without refrigeration; Making Chammanthi podi was a way to preserve chammanthi for months. To make chammanthi podi, shredded coconut and spices are dry roasted in a pan to help evaporate the moisture from the mixture. Then the mixture is ground up and stored to be used later. The word "chammanthi" means chutney/sauce. And the word "podi" means powder (in malayalam).
See also.
check

</doc>
<doc id="36624639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624639" title="Çağlan">
Çağlan

Çağlan is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province, Turkey. It is situated in the western slopes of the mountainous area. The population of the village is 169 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36624649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624649" title="Bahçeli, Dikili">
Bahçeli, Dikili

Bahçeli is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province, Turkey. It is situated on Turkish state highway at the Aegean Sea side . The population of the village is 607. as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36624652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624652" title="Ortsbezirk">
Ortsbezirk

An Ortsbezirk is an administrative division of Frankfurt am Main, Germany. The city is composed of 16 "Ortsbezirke" which are formed by 46 city districts. While Frankfurt nationals identify themselves more with the city district they live in, "Ortsbezirke" are the highest political divisions of the city. Each "Ortsbezirk" has a district committee and chairperson.
List.
The 16 "Ortsbezirke" of Frankfurt are:

</doc>
<doc id="36624654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624654" title="Michael McManus (American actor)">
Michael McManus (American actor)

Michael McManus (born January 26, 1946 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is an American actor. He is perhaps best known for his role as Ben Tuthill in the 1982 film "Poltergeist". He also appeared in the films "Mother, Jugs & Speed" (1976), "" (1987) and "Action Jackson" (1988).
McManus was also a series regular on the television sitcom "Lewis & Clark" as John, the bartender, the series lasted only season of thirteen episodes. McManus also guest starred in number notable television series including "M*A*S*H", "Laverne & Shirley", "The Six Million Dollar Man", "Dallas", "Happy Days", "Knight Rider", "Mr. Belvedere", "Growing Pains", "Newhart", "Full House", "Webster", "The Golden Girls", "Hunter", "Columbo" and other series. In 1989, he had a recurring role as Sid Wilson on the first season of "Baywatch". McManus' last screen acting appearance was in a 2001 episode of "According to Jim".

</doc>
<doc id="36624665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624665" title="Rog, Kočevje">
Rog, Kočevje

Rog (; , Gottscheerish: "Hoarnwald") is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Trnovec.
Name.
Rog () is named after Big Mount Rog (, , "Hornbühel", or "Hornbichl", 1099 m), the highest elevation in the area. The name of the Kočevje Rog Plateau () is also derived from this mountain. One of the meanings of the Slovene common noun "rog" is 'prominent/exposed hill', paralleled by one of the meanings of the German common noun "Horn" 'highest peak'.
History.
A steam-powered sawmill owned by the Auersperg noble family operated at Rog from 1894 until 1932, employing up to 400 workers. The settlement had its own electric plant and waterworks. In 1931 and 1936 the settlement had three houses and 44 residents. After it shut down operations, the facilities were dynamited in 1938 and the 50 km narrow gauge railway was pulled up and sold for scrap. Only three watchmen remained, and they were evicted from the area in the fall of 1941. Today the site, including cisterns and remains of the sawmill, are registered as cultural heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="36624707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624707" title="Alex MacLeod">
Alex MacLeod

Alex MacLeod is an Independent politician and a former councillor on the Highland Council for the Landward Caithness ward. 
MacLeod was born and raised in Tain in Ross-shire and was taught through Gaelic at Tain Royal Academy. 
In the Scottish local elections, 2012 MacLeod polled 550 first preferences and took the fourth and last seat in the ward with 756 votes accumulated. In December 2012 MacLeod was charged with alleged offences under the Representation of the People Act 1983. MacLeod resigned his seat on 24 September 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36624709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624709" title="Knightsbridge Green Hotel">
Knightsbridge Green Hotel

Knightsbridge Green Hotel is a hotel in London which includes 28 rooms. The hotel is housed in an 1890s structure which was converted to a hotel in 1966. It is located near Harrods.

</doc>
<doc id="36624730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624730" title="Dario (footballer)">
Dario (footballer)

Jurandir Dário Gouveia Damasceno dos Santos, commonly known as Dário or Dário Alegria, (born 5 April 1944) is a retired football striker who played for several clubs in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A and the Mexican Primera División. He also participated in the Brazil national football team.
Career.
Born in Paracatu, Minas Gerais, Dário's father, Luiz, died when Dário was only age 14. His family moved to Brasília, where Dário would be invited to play for CR Vasco da Gama's youth team. He began playing professional football with América Futebol Clube in 1964.
In 1965, Dário joined Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras. He would win the 1967 Campeonato Brasiliero with Palmeiras, making him the first player from Paracatu to win a national championship. In 1968, he moved to Mexico to play for C.F. Monterrey for six months before returning to Brazil with Fluminense Football Club.
Dário won state championships in 1966 (Campeonato Paulista with Palmeiras) and 1971 (Campeonato Mineiro with América) and had brief stints with Clube de Regatas do Flamengo, Botafogo de Ribeirão Preto, Associação Atlética Caldense, Villa Nova Atlético Clube and Olaria Atlético Clube, before he finished his career with Centro de Ensino Unificado de Brasília Esporte Clube.
Dário made his only appearance for the Brazil national team in a friendly against Uruguay on 7 September 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="36624736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624736" title="Philip Akot Akok Kiir">
Philip Akot Akok Kiir

Philip Akot Akok Kiir (born January 1, 1937) is a South Sudanese pastor, former educator and politician.
Life and career.
Kiir is an educator and a politician in South Sudan. A graduate of University of Khartoum, Bachelor of Arts in History & Arts. He worked as a teacher in various provinces of Sudan, including El Fashir in Darfur. From 1973 to 1977 he was a member of Sudan's National Parliament. And from 1978 to 1979 he was the Controller of Parliament in the autonomous government of South Sudan. He was a member of the SANU (Sudan African National Union).
Philip Akot Akok Kiir quit politics in 1982 and became the Director General (Deputy Minister) for the Ministry of Education & Social Services in Wau, Bahr El Ghazal province (which later became four States; Warrap State, Western Bahr el Ghazal, Northern Bahr el Ghazal, and Lakes). He undertook the greatest establishment of schools in South Sudan, particularly in Bahr el Ghazal. 
In the early 90's when Omar al-Bashir came to power, he was arrested and went missing for six months. He was believed to have been tortured by the Bashir regime.
Kiir migrated to the USA at the end of 1999. Five years later, he enrolled in Houston Baptist University and is now a pastor. He continues to preach in Kuajok, Warrap State.

</doc>
<doc id="36624740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624740" title="Czechoslovakia women's national basketball team">
Czechoslovakia women's national basketball team

The Czechoslovakia women's national basketball team was the women's basketball side that represented Czechoslovakia in international competitions. After the country was peacefully dissolved in 1993, the team was succeeded by separate Czech and Slovak teams.

</doc>
<doc id="36624772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624772" title="Marriott County Hall Hotel">
Marriott County Hall Hotel

Marriott County Hall Hotel is a hotel in London with 186 rooms. Some of the rooms offer views of Big Ben. It is housed in the same building as a "budget" Premier Inn hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="36624783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624783" title="Townley, Alabama">
Townley, Alabama

Townley is an unincorporated community in Walker County, Alabama. Townley has one site on the National Register of Historic Places, Boshell's Mill.
Geography.
Townley is located at an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="36624790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624790" title="Petrus Martinez de Osma">
Petrus Martinez de Osma

Petrus Martinez de Osma () (died 1480) was a Spanish theologian and philosopher, known for his views on indulgences, which he retracted at the end of his life.
Life.
He graduated M.A. at the University of Salamanca in 1457. He was professor of theology there from 1463. A follower of Alonso Tostado, from 1476 he defended theses on indulgences and confession resembling those of John Wyclif and Jan Hus, and anticipating issues from the Protestant Reformation. Among his pupils was Antonio de Nebrija.
The views of Martinez encountered opposition, particularly from Juan López de Salamanca. In 1478, as the Spanish Inquisition was being instituted, the Inquisition of Saragossa passed judgement, Martinez was summoned in 1479 before Alfonso Carillo de Acuña, archbishop of Toledo, and other theologians. His ideas were declared heretical, a judgement backed by a papal bull of Pope Sixtus IV. After his views were condemned, the book "De confessione", written by Martinez on the occasion of the plenary indulgence of 1475, was burned; and he submitted.
Martinez died at Alba de Tormes in April 1480.
Works.
In Martinez Thomism was combined with Renaissance humanism; he opposed the philosophical style of nominalism. He wrote commentaries on ethics and metaphysics. Martinez, through also his follower Diego de Deza, reformed the Salamanca syllabus to include Aristotelian physics and metaphysics, and influenced teaching at Seville.

</doc>
<doc id="36624804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624804" title="Stuart Stokes">
Stuart Stokes

Stuart Stokes (born 5 October 1976) is a British athlete and full-time teacher. He competed in the 3000m steeplechase at the 2012 Summer Olympics where he finished 35th.

</doc>
<doc id="36624807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624807" title="Giorgi Gomiashvili">
Giorgi Gomiashvili

Giorgi (Goga) Gomiashvili (; (November 9, 1972 – August 3, 2012) was a Georgian business executive and a former diplomat, serving as Georgia's Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2004 to 2005. He was found dead on August 3, 2012, of a possible suicide.
Career.
Gomiashvili was a grandson of the notable Georgian actor Archil Gomiashvili (1926–2005). A 1999 graduate of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, Gomiashvili had a journalistic and diplomatic career in Georgia, working for the broadcasting company Rustavi 2 from 2002 to 2004 and then becoming Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs under the ministry of Salomé Zourabichvili in 2004. On May 21, 2005, he filed resignation and slammed the ruling United National Movement party after the Parliament of Georgia refused to approve his nomination as Georgia's ambassador to Switzerland. He stated he was intended to establish a political party, which would be in opposition to the ruling party, but not to President Mikheil Saakashvili. 
After his retirement from diplomatic service, Gomiashvili went into business and became Executive Vice President at Toyota Caucasus LLC.
Death.
On August 3, 2012, Gomiashvili was found shot dead at his own apartment in Tbilisi. According to preliminary reports he committed suicide.

</doc>
<doc id="36624816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624816" title="East Germany women's national basketball team">
East Germany women's national basketball team

The East Germany women's national basketball team was the women's basketball side that represented East Germany in international competitions. After German reunification in 1990, the team ceased to exist and was succeeded by the present-day Germany women's national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="36624818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624818" title="Epra">
Epra

Epra is a village in Suure-Jaani Parish, Viljandi County in central Estonia, located just south of the town of Suure-Jaani, the administrative centre of the municipality. It has a population of 89 (as of 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="36624872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624872" title="K. Gopalan">
K. Gopalan

Kasturi Gopalan (8 November 1890 – 9 December 1974) was an Indian publisher who founded the publishing company Kasturi & Sons which publishes "The Hindu".
Early life.
Gopalan was born in Coimbatore on 8 November 1890 to S. Kasturi Ranga Iyengar, a lawyer from Kumbakonam. Kasturi Ranga Iyengar belonged to an illustrious Vaishnavite Brahmin family of the Tanjore district. He was Kasturi Ranga Iyengar's younger son, the elder being K. Srinivasan.
Career.
While Srinivasan, A. Rangaswami Iyengar and S. Rangaswami Iyengar were involved in editing "The Hindu", Gopalan managed the affairs of Kasturi and Sons which published the newspaper as well as journals like "Sport and Pastime", "Frontline" and an annual cricket yearbook.
Death.
Gopalan died in December 1974 at the age of 84 after having served as publisher for more than five decades.
Personal life.
Gopalan married Ranganayaki and had two sons both of whom served in the board of "The Hindu"

</doc>
<doc id="36624898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624898" title="2011 Ex-Yu Cup">
2011 Ex-Yu Cup

The 2011 Adecco Ex-Yu Cup was the first edition of this tournament, created with the aim to create a new Cup for the Ex-Yugoslavia countries.
Six teams played the inaugural edition in summer 2011. The inaugural edition was held in Arena Stožice from Ljubljana, Slovenia. The teams are divided in two groups of three teams. The top teams play the Final of the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36624901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624901" title="Kholmogory">
Kholmogory

Kholmogory () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36624910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624910" title="Manisa (electoral district)">
Manisa (electoral district)

Manisa is an electoral district of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey. It elects ten members of parliament (deputies) to represent the province of the same name for a four-year term by the D'Hondt method, a party-list proportional representation system.
Members.
Population reviews of each electoral district are conducted before each general election, which can lead to certain districts being granted a smaller or greater number of parliamentary seats. Manisa's seat allocation is ten since 1995.
Elections.
2011.
Unelected candidates in small text.

</doc>
<doc id="36624911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624911" title="Cychrus cavazzutti">
Cychrus cavazzutti

Cychrus cavazzutti is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve in 2001. 

</doc>
<doc id="36624912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624912" title="Cychrus cerberus">
Cychrus cerberus

Cychrus cerberus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Cavazzuti in 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="36624914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624914" title="Cychrus chareti">
Cychrus chareti

Cychrus chareti is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that can be found in Sichuan and Yunnan provinces of China. It was described by Deuve in 1994. 

</doc>
<doc id="36624916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624916" title="Cychrus contractus">
Cychrus contractus

Cychrus contractus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Cavazzuti in 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="36624920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624920" title="Cychrus cordicollis">
Cychrus cordicollis

Cychrus cordicollis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1835. 

</doc>
<doc id="36624923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624923" title="Cychrus cordithorax">
Cychrus cordithorax

Cychrus cordithorax is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve in 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="36624925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624925" title="Shannon O'Connell">
Shannon O'Connell

Shannon O'Connell is an Australian boxer who has won the Queensland State female featherweight title and World Boxing Federation female featherweight title.

</doc>
<doc id="36624926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624926" title="Cychrus culminalis">
Cychrus culminalis

Cychrus culminalis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Cavazzuti in 1997. 

</doc>
<doc id="36624928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624928" title="Cychrus cylindricollis">
Cychrus cylindricollis

Cychrus cylindricollis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Pini in 1871. 

</doc>
<doc id="36624929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624929" title="Denisovka">
Denisovka

Denisovka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36624932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624932" title="Vihi">
Vihi

Vihi is a village in Suure-Jaani Parish, Viljandi County in central Estonia, located by the Navesti River. It has a population of 60 (as of 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="36624934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624934" title="Cychrus dacatrai">
Cychrus dacatrai

Cychrus dacatrai is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve in 1992. 

</doc>
<doc id="36624936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624936" title="Cychrus daochengicus">
Cychrus daochengicus

Cychrus daochengicus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve in 1989. 

</doc>
<doc id="36624937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624937" title="Cychrus davidis">
Cychrus davidis

Cychrus davidis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Fairmaire in 1886. 

</doc>
<doc id="36624938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624938" title="Cychrus deuveianus">
Cychrus deuveianus

Cychrus deuveianus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Cavazzuti in 1998. 

</doc>
<doc id="36624940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624940" title="Cychrus dolichognathus">
Cychrus dolichognathus

Cychrus dolichognathus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve in 1990. 

</doc>
<doc id="36624946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624946" title="Radek Jaroš">
Radek Jaroš

Radek Jaroš (born 29 April 1964 in Nové Město na Moravě, Czechoslovakia, now Czech Republic) is a Czech mountaineer and writer. In 1998 he climbed Mount Everest. In 2001, 2003 a 2005 he unsuccessfully tried to climb the K2. In 2002, along with Martin Minařík he climbed as the first Czech to Kanchenjunga. In 2006 announced that he wants to climb on all the eight-thousand peaks of the world. In 2009, on his 45th birthday, solo on Manaslu. By 2012, he climbed without supplemental oxygen for 13 eight-thousanders to meet its objectives missing only K2. He is only one Czech climber, who attended at 13 eight-thousand mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="36624947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624947" title="Michael Conlan">
Michael Conlan

Michael Conlan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36624954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624954" title="Denisovka, Russia">
Denisovka, Russia

Denisovka () is the name of several rural localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="36624955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624955" title="First United Methodist Church (Jasper, Alabama)">
First United Methodist Church (Jasper, Alabama)

The First United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist Church in Jasper, Walker County, Alabama. The congregation dates back to the 1830s. This building is their fifth, built from 1912–21. Architectural scholars consider this to be one of the best of its type in the state. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 14, 1985.
History.
The First United Methodist Church in the oldest religious congregation in Jasper. It was formed on June 14, 1833 when the first log church, formerly a community school, was deeded to the congregation. This building was used until they built a new frame structure at the current site circa 1858–59. The congregation went through two additional buildings before building the current church.
The congregation established a building fund for a new structure in 1912. Construction started sometime afterwards. Lycurgus Breckenridge Musgrove was a major source of funding. A local banker and businessman, he donated two dollars for every one dollar raised by other means. He also donated the marble used in construction and the pipe organ. The construction was interrupted by World War I, but resumed afterward. The new building was dedicated on November 3, 1921.
A tornado struck the building on April 3, 1974, causing extensive damage to the cupola and roof. It also ripped the main sanctuary doors apart, damaged or destroyed 34 of the 38 stained glass windows, and caused water damage in the interior. The damage was repaired from 1975–76. Destroyed stained glass windows were restored with sympathetically-designed modern replacements.
Architecture.
Architectural historians with the Alabama Historical Commission consider the building to be "among Alabama's most outstanding examples of Beaux-Arts neoclassicism as interpreted for an ecclesiastical structure." Oddly, for a 20th-century building, the architect is unknown. Some scholars have suggested William Leslie Welton, a leading Birmingham architect of the period. It is also possible that it was adapted from designs in the Methodist publication "Catalog of Plans of Down to Date Twentieth Century Churches", published in 1912. It closely resembles plans 58 and 59 by George Kramer, an architect in New York. Another possibility is that the design was largely by the church pastor at that time, the Reverend William Winfield Scott.
The building is masonry, faced with Georgia marble. The two-story building is rectangular, set atop a raised basement. With the building situated on a corner lot, the principal facades are on the north and east sides. The projecting porticoes on the principal facades are hexastyle with monolithic columns. The Ionic column capitals are a type used by Vincenzo Scamozzi. An off-center pavilion on the south side of the building contains the choir. The porticoes on the two principal facades are flanked by large arched stained glass windows. A shallow hipped roof of terracotta tiles covers the building, surmounted by an octagonal cupola.
The primary space in the interior of the church is the sanctuary. It is a large square auditorium. Panelled pilasters and other elaborate woodwork in Honduran mahogany encircles the two-story room. A circular diameter art glass dome, high, provides illumination in the room. It is made up of 109 sections and contains 30,000 individual pieces of glass. It is lighted from above by electric light bulbs.

</doc>
<doc id="36624968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624968" title="Jelenja Vas, Štalcerji">
Jelenja Vas, Štalcerji

Jelenja Vas (; , formerly also "Iskrba", or "Hirschgruben", Gottscheerish: "Hirisgruəbə") is a hamlet of the village of Štalcerji in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. Formerly, it was an independent settlement. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Name.
The Slovene name "Jelenja vas" literally means 'deer village' and is derived from the Slovene common noun "jelen" 'red deer'. Jelenja Vas was formerly called "Iskrba" in Slovene, derived from the German name. The standardized German name "Hirschgruben", as well as the local German name "Hirisgruben" and the Gottscheerish name "Hirisgruəbə", are semantically similar and all mean 'deer hollow' (cf. German "Hirsch" 'deer', Gottscheerish "hiris" 'deer'), thus referring to the local fauna.
History.
Jelenja Vas was a village settled by Gottschee Germans. In the land registry of 1574 it consisted of one farm divided into two half-farms, corresponding to a population between seven and 10. In 1770 it had three houses. It had a population of 24 in 1880, but this fell to only 8 in 1910. Before the Second World War there were three houses in the village and a population of 12. The economy of the village was based on farming and transporting wood. In the time of the Drava Banovina, it was part of the Municipality of Kočevska Reka in Kočevje County ("Srez Kočevje"). The village was burned during the Second World War. In 1971 the only building at the site was a hunting lodge. An air-quality monitoring station is located at Jelenja Vas.

</doc>
<doc id="36624989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624989" title="Nathan Lapham">
Nathan Lapham

Nathan Lapham (November 24, 1820 Collins, Erie County, New York - May 1, 1890 Peru, Clinton County, New York) was an American politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of Joseph Lapham (1786–1851) and Anna (Keese) Lapham (1790–1833). In 1822, the family removed to Peru. On February 22, 1842, he married Jane R. Barker (1822–1869), and they had several children.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (16th D.) in 1860 and 1861. On January 25, 1860, he was elected President pro tempore of the State Senate (83rd Session).
Later he married Hannah Barker, a niece of his first wife, and they had several children.
He was buried at the Quaker Cemetery in Au Sable, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="36624995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36624995" title="Monroe Area High School">
Monroe Area High School

Monroe Area High School is a high school in Walton County, Georgia, USA that serves the city of Monroe.
Approximately 1271 students attend. 
The school.
Monroe Area High School is a public, four-year comprehensive high school for grades nine through twelve.
The present Monroe Area High School campus was constructed in 2005, and includes a football stadium (The Purple Pit) with a 9 lane rubberized track, baseball and softball fields, tennis courts, and a practice field for football and soccer. The current facility replaced the former campus a few miles away.
The old Monroe Area High School building (currently home to the Walton County satellite campus of Athens Technical College), its football stadium, and the Monroe Area football team were used during filming of the US TV series The Vampire Diaries.
Sports.
Monroe Area is home to the Purple Hurricanes and competes in region 8-AAAA of the Georgia High School Association. Monroe Area offers the following sports to students:
In 2012 the Girls track team won the State Championship for 8-AAA.

</doc>
<doc id="36625001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625001" title="Lomonosovo">
Lomonosovo

Lomonosovo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36625021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625021" title="2012–13 Hong Kong Senior Challenge Shield">
2012–13 Hong Kong Senior Challenge Shield

2012–13 Hong Kong Senior Challenge Shield is the 111th season of one of the Asian oldest football knockout competitions, Hong Kong Senior Challenge Shield. The competition will be played in Two-legged tie, except for the final, which will be played in one match at Hong Kong Stadium. The winner will guarantee a place in the 2013 Hong Kong AFC Cup play-offs.
Wofoo Tai Po won their first Senior Shield title as they defeated Citizen in the final by penalty shoot-out.
Bracket.
"The following bracket doesn't show first round matches."
Fixtures and results.
Final.
Remarks:
1 The capacity of Aberdeen Sports Ground is originally 9,000, but only the 4,000-seated main stand is opened for football match.
Scorers.
The scorers in the 2012–13 Hong Kong Senior Challenge Shield are as follows:
5 goals
3 goals
2 goals
1 goal

</doc>
<doc id="36625026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625026" title="2012 Ex-Yu Cup">
2012 Ex-Yu Cup

The 2012 Adecco Ex-Yu Cup is the second edition of this tournament, created with the aim to create a new Cup for the Ex-Yugoslavia countries.
Only four teams played this second edition. Macedonia, who played the Olympic Qualifying Tournament, and Montenegro withdrew of the competition.
The tournament was held at Slovenian Arena Stožice once again.

</doc>
<doc id="36625032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625032" title="Education Scotland">
Education Scotland

Education Scotland (, ) is an Executive Agency of the Scottish Government, tasked with improving the quality of the country's education system.
Origins.
The creation of the Agency was announced by Scottish Government Education and Lifelong Learning Cabinet Minister Michael Russell on 14 October 2010.
It was intended to bring to together the work and responsibilities of Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Education and Learning and Teaching Scotland and was originally entitled the Scottish Education Quality and Improvement Agency (SEQIA).
The name was later changed to Education Scotland and the agency was established under this name on July 1, 2011.
On establishment Education Scotland also incorporated the Scottish Government Positive Behaviour Team, which aims to support Scottish schools and local authorities to introduce and embed approaches that promote positive relationships and behaviour, and the National CPD Team, which aims to provide strategic support for continuing professional development (CPD) and professional review throughout Scottish education.
Remit.
Education Scotland's core purpose and strategic priorities are:
Key areas of work.
Evaluation of the quality of learning and teaching in Scottish schools and education services through Inspection and review of Scottish education
Provision of support and resources for learning and teaching via the Education Scotland online service.

</doc>
<doc id="36625033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625033" title="WSJT">
WSJT

WSJT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36625034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625034" title="Gunaah (1993 film)">
Gunaah (1993 film)


</doc>
<doc id="36625069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625069" title="Battle of Vescera">
Battle of Vescera

The Battle of Vescera (modern Biskra in Algeria) was fought in 682 or 683 between the Berbers of king Kusaila and their Byzantine allies from the Exarchate of Carthage against an Umayyad Arab army under Uqba ibn Nafi (the founder of Kairouan). Uqba ibn Nafi had led his men in an expedition across north Africa, eventually reaching the Atlantic Ocean and marching as far south as the Draa and Sous rivers. On his return, he was ambushed by the Berber-Byzantine coalition at Tahuda south Vescera, defeated and killed. As a result of this defeat, the Arabs were expelled from the area of modern Tunisia for a decade.

</doc>
<doc id="36625079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625079" title="Josef and Ctirad Mašín">
Josef and Ctirad Mašín

Ctirad Mašín (August 11, 1930 - August 13, 2011) and Josef Mašín (b. March 8, 1932) were brothers known for their armed resistance against the communist regime in Czechoslovakia in the 1950s. Their father was the late Josef Mašín.
The resistance group and its actions.
Following World War II, Mašín's sons, who were both born in Prague, attended a high school in Poděbrady. After the Communists seized power, they witnessed how some of their family's friends - opponents of the regime - were silenced, vanished without a trace or were sentenced to death in public show trials. For instance Milada Horáková, a famous early judicial murder victim, had been a friend of their mother.
The Mašíns shared the idea that the Americans, who had helped to establish the Czechoslovakian state, would soon come and "wipe out Communism". The radio stations "Radio Free Europe" (RFE) and "Voice Of America" (VOA) seemed to promise an imminent invasion. Therefore they formed a military resistance group with a few friends. The Mašín brothers' uncle Ctibor Novák, a former Secret Service Officer, became an adviser of the group. One source says that Novak had actually put up with the fact of Communist rule and was satisfied if the Communists didn't bother him. He engaged in the group mainly because he hoped he could control his hot-tempered nephews and prevent them from doing the most dangerous actions. But that was just his defense strategy when he was on trial in 1954. Indeed he was very supportive and encouraged the brothers' actions.
The brothers and Novak were the only ones in the whole "no-name group" who knew all other members by name.
The following actions of the group are documented:
In 1951 the group raided two police stations in order to get weapons and ammunition. In both cases one policeman was killed (one of them previously chloroformed and handcuffed).
Since it was becoming increasingly difficult to conduct actions, the brothers decided to go West. Their goal was to get some real training in partisan warfare techniques from the Americans. They believed a shooting war was imminent, and they wanted to return to Czechoslovakia in the vanguard of the liberating western armies. A first escape attempt failed when a CIC agent who was supposed to accompany them was arrested by the Czechoslovak Secret Service StB. During interrogation, he named Ctirad Mašín. Shortly thereafter, both brothers and Novák were arrested by the StB and were tortured. The StB never found out that they had seized the men responsible for the police station raids. Josef Mašín and his uncle were released after a few months. 
Ctirad Mašín was sentenced to two years slave labor for the crime of knowing about someone else's planned escape but not reporting it. He was sent to work in a uranium mine near Jáchymov. Mašín states that his time in the Czechoslovak equivalent of the Gulag made him even more determined to fight the regime. 
During Ctirad Mašín's imprisonment the others attacked a payroll transport and obtained 846,000 Czechoslovak crowns. One of the car's occupants raised his pistol against Josef Mašín and was shot by him.
After Ctirad Mašín's release, the group stole four chests totaling 100 kg of donarit explosives from a quarry. They planned to blow up a uranium train with these explosives, or possibly President Gottwald's personal train.
The last action before their escape was the "Night of Great Fires". In several Moravian villages Václav Švéda and Ctirad Mašín placed incendiary composition with time fuses into straw stacks. They all lit up in the middle of the night. The action was a protest against the Socialist collectivization of agriculture. At that time, even straw was in short supply, so the Mašíns' intention was not only spreading "shock and awe" but really harming the economy of the agricultural collectives. A firefighter was gunned down. While one source states he died with one bullet in his eye and one in his lungs, most others mention only three casualties in Czechoslovakia which means he must have survived.
Through the curtain.
In October, 1953 the group made a second attempt to escape to the West. Radio Free Europe broadcasts made it sound like World War III was imminent, and the Mašíns and their friends wanted to take part in the invasion.
They claimed that the police still had no leads on their actions, therefore the danger of being arrested was not a reason for their escape.
In the night from the 3rd to the 4th of October Zbyněk Janata, Václav Švéda, Milan Paumer and the Mašín brothers crossed the border to East Germany near Hora Svaté Kateřiny ("Deutschkatharinenberg") in order to get to the western part of Berlin.
West Berlin was the last gap in the Iron Curtain. The Berlin Wall had not yet been erected, and numerous streets and footpathes, trams and suburban trains connected the parts of the divided city. The border guards could not manage to check the identity of every passenger. So there was a chance for the five to reach their destination without being discovered - especially because their names and their activities were not yet known to the East German police.
After three days of walking through the cold they tried to hijack a car. The attempt failed, but now the police started searching for "five armed foreigners".
The fugitives made another mistake taking a train which they thought would bring them closer to Berlin. But on the train they misunderstood an announcement that the train would go back to were they had started from.
The next time they took a train ended in a disaster: the women who sold the tickets informed the police about some "suspicious foreigners". At Uckro station (today: Luckau-Uckro) the police waited for the train and checked the passengers. When challenged the group started shooting, killing one policeman and injuring two others.
The policeman in charge, hit by 6 bullets, quit his job when the head of the East German police (Volkspolizei) held him responsible for the Mašín brothers finally escaping to the West.
Shortly after that incident Zbyněk Janata, separated from the others, was caught. Only after interrogating him and consulting the Czechoslovak authorities did the East German police know who they were dealing with. Now the biggest manhunt of the Volkspolizei "(literally: People's Police)" started. After finding and losing the track of the refugees several times, more and more troops were ordered to support the manhunt. 
East Germany did not have an army at that time - there was only a predecessor of the East German Army, the so-called "Kasernierte Volkspolizei" ("Baracked People's Police"). Those troops and eventually even Soviet Red Army troops based in the GDR were asked for assistance. 
Eventually thousands of people hunted the four anti-Communists. Right after their arrival in West Berlin, western newspapers wrote of "20,000 Vopos" ("Vopo" stands for "Volkspolizei officer"). Wolfgang Mittmann (1939–2006), a true crime author and former member of the Volkspolizei states that according to the final report there were only 5,000 policemen involved in the manhunt - plus troops of the Secret Service plus troops of the Red Army. Their number does not appear in the police files.
Barbara Mašín assumes that the number of 5,000 was a first attempt by East German officialdom to minimize the manhunt and the scope of the humiliation. 
Altogether three pursuers were shot by the group. At least three more bystanders died in friendly fire.
At Waldow, about 100 km from Berlin, the group was encircled. They waited for the night and then managed to run through the encirclement. The next day Václav Švéda, hurt by a stray bullet, surrendered and was eventually found by the police.He was executed in Czechoslovakia in 1955.
Several times the police were called because of rumours that someone had seen the Czechs. Many of the troops were inexperienced young men who had joined the armed forces only weeks or months before. They did not get any official information from their officers, and therefore rumours spread in which the Czechs were depicted as savages who had killed countless pursuers. 
Therefore the troops, whenever assuming the fugitives around, shot at "anything and everything that moved" and afterwards wrote into their reports that they had fired at the Czechs but missed. As a result, one can find gun battles at places that the fugitives never passed near in the police files.
Moreover the Mašíns, after arriving in the West, consciously changed some details of their story in order to protect people who had helped them. For instance they claimed they had crossed the autobahn between Berlin and Dresden after the Waldow battle and found refuge with a family in "Schönwalde". Though later there were people in Schönwalde who "remembered" the Mašíns' visit, several researchers found out that they never made it there: the highway was under permanent surveillance, passing it was simply impossible.
On 2 November 1953 the Mašíns and Paumer reached their destination: Ctirad Mašín under the floor of a suburban train, Milan Paumer and Josef Mašín somehow managed to cross the border on foot.
The follow-up.
Back in Czechoslovakia people who had any association with the Mašíns received harsh treatment. Václav Švéda, Zbyněk Janata and Ctibor Novak were sentenced to death and executed. Their bodies were not delivered to their families but buried in anonymous common graves. Farewell letters to their families were found 45 years later, only after the Velvet Revolution. Other friends and relatives were sentenced to many years of imprisonment. The Mašíns' mother, Zdena Mašínová, who was not involved at all in the military resistance of her sons, died in prison on June 12, 1956. According to the family, their mother did neither get any medical aid nor were the scandalous conditions of detention improved when she was terminally ill. 
Even the Mašíns little sister - her name also Zdena Mašínová (*1933) was jailed. Today she is an icon for the Czech anti-Communist movement. 
In East Germany, whose armed forces had been humiliated, the manhunt was brushed under the carpet. 
In Czechoslovakia communist propaganda made full use of the Mašín's actions, describing them as looters and brutal murderers of innocent passers-by. Their actions were used to justify tight control over the society and brutal treatment of any opponents.
The fugitives moved to the United States and served in the U.S. Army Special Forces at Fort Bragg, North Carolina, for five years. Milan Paumer fought in Korea. 
In the '60s, Josef Mašín Jr. settled down in Cologne, West Germany. The Czechoslovak Security Service StB several times planned to kidnap or kill him. Later he moved to the U.S. again. Both the brothers continued to live there and refused to enter Czech soil again unless they were fully rehabilitated. 
In 2001, Milan Paumer sold his home in Florida and moved back to Poděbrady where he died in 2010. Ctirad Masin died in Cleveland, Ohio, in 2011.
Books and documentaries.
Various fictional and documentary versions of the Mašín-Brothers' story exist. The authors of most cannot be considered neutral. Therefore an overview of the existing literature shall be given.
According to Barbara Mašín, three propaganda books on the Mašíns were published in Czechoslovakia. The last one, "Mrtví nemluví" "(Dead do not talk)" was translated into German and published in the GDR in 1989, a few months before the end of Socialism. It was the only book in the GDR mentioning the story at all.
Surprisingly the book does not claim the Mašíns were American spies. Their activities are described as a kind of personal retaliation upon the Communist government by frustrated high-society kids. The book of course doesn't mention the penalties against the Mašíns' family and friends.
Besides the Mašíns had to serve as culprits in one episode of the infamous detective series "Major Zeman". In contrast to reality, "Major Zeman" caught them. 
The Mašíns themselves, after losing the illusion that the West would wage a war to end Communism in Eastern Europe, were reluctant to talk about their past. Eventually another expatriate made them tell their story again: Ota Rambousek (1923–2010) had been a political prisoner in Czechoslovakia. While many people sat in East European jails accused of being American spies, Rambousek was one of the few who were not innocent: He had indeed been an agent of the US Counter Intelligence Corps. First he was sentenced to death, later his death sentence was commuted to life imprisonment. In jail he heard about the Mašíns In 1968 he was released and moved to the USA. Only in 1984 did Rambousek manage to meet the brothers in New York and wrote his novel "Jenom ne strach" "(Just No Fear)". The Czech expatriate publishing house 68 Publishers in Toronto refused to publish the book. Eventually it was published in Prague after the Velvet Revolution. 1987 Radio Free Europe broadcast a series of interviews with Ctirad Mašín by Ota Rambousek. As Eastern archives were not yet open, the book and the interviews were based only on the Mašíns' memories and on what they read about the manhunt in the newspapers after arriving in West Berlin. They contain the "Schönwalde Fake" (see above) and wrongly claim the group shot four instead of three Volkspolizei officers: Western press had copied the East German propaganda account which had added one of the friendly fire casualties to the Mašín's victims. 
In East Germany, Wolfgang Mittmann (1939–2006), policeman and true crime writer, rediscovered the manhunt in the 90s.
He states that he found the names of four killed policemen, killed near the town where he lived, which were not mentioned in the official chronicle of the Volkspolizei. He started interviewing local people and found them reluctant to talk about the "Czechs' War". As long as the GDR existed, files on the manhunt were top secret. Mittmann went to Prague where he got a pirate copy of the RFE interviews, made by employees of Prague Broadcasting Service, studied exhibits of the Prague Police Museum, which included the Czechoslovak police records on the Mašín's police station raids and also viewed the papers of the late author of "Mrtví nemluví" "(Dead do not talk)". Only after the Reunification of Germany—Mittmann had retired and writing had become his full-time occupation —could he read the German files as well as Rambousek's book.
For Mittmann the Mašíns were killers. He accused Rambousek and the Mašíns to consciously play down the actions in the Czechoslovak Republic.
Mittmann's critics say, he never questioned the account he found in police files. Also he failed to see the political reasons for the vast number of troops involved in the manhunt. For him this overreaction was due to the ambitions of a single person, Chefinspekteur "(Lieutenant General)" Willi Seifert, proxy of the head of the Volkspolizei, who wanted to catch the "fascist bandits", no matter what the cost.
After reading Mittmann's report, two German journalists decided to find and interview the Mašíns . Their documentary "Der Luckauer Krieg" "(The Luckau War)" met with severe criticism because they "displayed murderers as heroes". 
In 2004 the Czech-American writer Jan Novak (not related to Ctibor Novak) wrote a biographical novel on the father's and the sons' stories. Its title: "So far so good" "(Zatim Dobry)". It won the coveted Magnesia Litera Prize in the Czech Republic. Although Novak wrote in English, only the Czech Edition is available so far. The Czech film maker Ivan Passer (a former classmate of Josef Mašín and of film director Miloš Forman) announced he is going to make a movie based on the book. 
Eventually, Barbara Mašín, Josef Mašín's daughter spent several years researching to reconstruct the story of her father and uncle. She had spent most of her childhood in Germany before her family moved to the USA. Later she studied Czech and was thus able to read all the relevant documents in Germany, the Czech Republic and the USA.
"Gauntlet", the result of her research was published in September 2006 and has become the most important source for non-Czech speakers.
Controversy.
After the fall of communism in Czechoslovakia (1989), the oppression and crimes of communist party were officially condemned and those sentenced during the communist era for political 'crimes' were generally recognised in law as innocent victims. The Mašíns became the most disputed exceptions.
Armed resistance after 1948 was very small (compared to that of neighbouring countries in the Eastern Bloc) and killings were uncommon. Ota Rambousek's book "Jenom ne strach" (see below) was published in Czechoslovakia in 1990 and realistic descriptions of how the brothers killed a cashier or how they cut the throat of an unarmed policeman rendered incapable by chloroform did not fit well into "velvet" mood of Czechs.
Even fifty-five years later the case of Mašíns is able to deeply divide the Czech public into two groups: one seeing them as heroes, the other abhorring their sometime brutal killings. Politicians in the Czech Republic face uneasy problem when trying to take a clear stand on the Mašíns.
In 2005, the Czech and Slovak Association of Canada gave the Thomas-Masaryk-Award to the Mašín-Brothers and Milan Paumer.
On 28 February 2008 the Czech Prime Minister Mirek Topolánek awarded the Mašíns with the new "Prime Minister's Medal" at a ceremony at the Czech Embassy in Washington. At a later ceremony in the Czech Republic on 4 March 2008, he also decorated Milan Paumer. As its name suggests, the award is a personal decoration, not one given in the name of the Czech state. Topolánek wishes to start a new discussion on the "third resistance", as the anti-Communist struggle is sometimes, but controversially termed (the first and second resistance being the fight against the Austro-Hungarian empire in 1914-1918 and Nazi occupation in 1939-1945). He hopes that as a result of such discussion the Mašíns will eventually receive official state recognition.

</doc>
<doc id="36625080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625080" title="2012–13 Hong Kong FA Cup">
2012–13 Hong Kong FA Cup

The 2012–13 Hong Kong FA Cup is the 38th season of Hong Kong FA Cup. It is a knockout competition for all the teams of the 2012–13 Hong Kong First Division League. Starting from this season, the format will change into a two-legged home-and-away ties competition. The winner will guarantee a place in the 2013 Hong Kong AFC Cup play-offs.
Bracket.
"The following bracket doesn't show first round matches."
Fixtures and results.
First round.
<br>
Quarter-finals.
<br>
<br>
<br>
Semi-finals.
<br>
Final.
Remarks:<br>
1 The capacity of Aberdeen Sports Ground is originally 9,000, but only the 4,000-seated main stand is opened for football match.
Scorers.
The scorers in the 2012–13 Hong Kong FA Cup are as follows:
6 goals
4 goals
3 goals
2 goals
1 goal
Own goals.
1 goal

</doc>
<doc id="36625083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625083" title="Palacio de Congresos">
Palacio de Congresos

Palacio de Congresos (Congress Palace, in English), is a common Spanish name for an event or exhibition space, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36625095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625095" title="Lac Minerals">
Lac Minerals

LAC Minerals was a Canadian mining company established in 1981 with extensive mineral holdings in North America and South America. They specialized in mining precious metals, but also had copper and lead-zinc mines. In 1994 they were purchased by Barrick Gold Corporation.
Corporate history.
Originally incorporated in Quebec in 1981 as Long Lac Minerals Ltd., the company's name was changed to LAC Minerals Ltd. the following year when it acquired Les Terrains Aurifères Malartic (Québec) Ltée, Les Mines-Est Malartic Ltée, and Willroy Mines Ltd. In 1985, LAC Minerals Ltd. acquired Lake Shore Mines Limited, Little Long Lac Gold Mines Limited, and Wright-Hargreaves Mines Limited. In 1992, the company changed its name to '"Lac Minerals Ltd.". In 1994, Royal Oak Mines attempted a hostile takeover of the company, but a more attractive bid was made by Barrick Gold, and Lac Minerals was acquired by AB Acquisition Inc., which was a wholly owned subsidiary of American Barrick Resources Corporation, since 1995 known as Barrick Gold Corporation.
International Corona lawsuit.
In 1983 International Corona, a smaller mining corporation, sued LAC Minerals for breach of fiduciary duty after LAC had purchased a mining property out from under Corona, when Corona had done all of the exploratory work and had shared the information with LAC. The result in Lac Minerals Ltd. v. International Corona Resources Ltd. was a clear statement by the Supreme Court of Canada on the nature of fiduciary and confidential relationships that can be created in the course of business, together with appropriate remedies for restitution when such relationships are breached. The stock price of LAC Minerals dropped considerably on the Toronto Exchange upon the Ontario Supreme Court's ruling in March of 1986.
Friends of Santa Fe County lawsuit.
In 1990 the Friends of Santa Fe County sued LAC Minerals over a number of environmental issues based on LAC Minerals' exploratory work and initial mining in the gold fields of the Ortiz Mountains. Some of the claims were dismissed, but an eventual settlement was reached. Under the settlement, LAC Minerals was required to clean up a plume of groundwater contaminated by nitrates and cyanide that had resulted from the heap leaching of gold ore. Also under the settlement, 1,350 acres of the mine were donated to the Santa Fe Botanical Garden for the Ortiz Mountain Educational Preserve.

</doc>
<doc id="36625107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625107" title="Sau Mau Ping Memorial Park">
Sau Mau Ping Memorial Park

Sau Mau Ping Memorial Park () is a park located at Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong. The park was built on the hillside between Tsui Ping Road, Hiu Kwong Street and Hiu Ming Street, in memorial to the deceased of the disastrous flooding on 18June 1972 (also known as June 18th flooding, in Chinese: ), which took more than 200 lives.

</doc>
<doc id="36625111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625111" title="Wallace neutrality">
Wallace neutrality

The Wallace neutrality (also known as Wallace Irrelevance Proposition,
Modigliani–Miller theorem for government finance), is an economics proposition asserting that
in certain environment, holding fiscal policy constant, alternative paths of the government financial policies have no effect on the sequences for the price level and for real allocations in the economy. The proposition rests upon a no arbitrage argument similar to that of the Modigliani–Miller theorem. Policy implication is that, whenever Wallace neutrality applies, conventional open-market purchases of securities by the central bank won't be an effective monetary policy.
History.
The concept of Wallace neutrality was first introduced by Neil Wallace (Wallace (1981)). However the irrelevance proposition proved by Wallace is restricted to a simple environment, leaving the question open of how broad the class of environments is in which the conclusion holds. A series of similar results, under different environments, were obtained in the 1980s. However, these results remain in contexts where money is not dominated as a rate of return.
Sargent and Smith (1987) studied an environment and a structure of restrictions on trades in which government-issued currency is dominated as a rate of return and do conclude that open market operations are irrelevant.
Early analysis is often supposed to be of little practical relevance for actual monetary policy because of the fact that money being dominated as a rate of return by short-term Treasury securities is routinely observed, which invalidates Wallace's result. However, as noted in Eggertsson and Woodford (2003), in the case of open-market operations that are conducted at
the zero bound, the liquidity services provided by money balances at the margin have fallen to zero, so that an analysis of the kind proposed by Wallace is still correct. They also applied the Wallace irrelevance proposition to government purchases of
long term debt in a representative-household model.
Cúrdia and Woodford (2011)
argued that only two assumptions are needed for Wallace neutrality to hold
They also found that the Wallace irrelevance proposition weakly holds under certain relaxed assumptions.
There are also recent works which invalidate Wallace neutrality based on different relaxed assumptions and novel mechanisms. For example, in Andrew Nowobilski's (2012) paper,
open market operations powerfully influence economic outcomes due to the introduction of a financial sector engaging in liquidity transformation.

</doc>
<doc id="36625124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625124" title="Félix Dehau">
Félix Dehau

Félix-Étienne Dehau (1846–1934), Knight Commander of the Order of St. Gregory the Great, was a scion of a bourgeois family of Lille, France, an art collector, a patron of schools, orphanages and churches, and for 62 years, from 1872 to 1934, mayor of the commune of Bouvines.
Family.
Félix-Étienne Dehau was born in Lille on 22 January 1846, the son of Félix Amé Julien Dehau (1787–1870) and Stéphanie Louise Joséphine Defontaine (1813–1887). On 21 November 1868, he married Marie Claire Adélaïde Lenglart (1849–1940). Between 1870 and 1888 the couple had eight children, Pierre, Félicie, Claire, Madeleine, Marthe, Élisabeth, Henriette and Jean.
Patronage.
In 1884, Dehau founded the Ecole Pratique Libre d’Agriculture de Genech (now Institut de Genech) on property that he owned. In 1903, he purchased land in Belgium to rehouse members of a religious order made homeless by the 1901 Law of Association. These were displaced again by the First World War, and in 1925 Chevetogne Abbey was established on the site.
Dehau organized the festivities marking the seventh centenary of the Battle of Bouvines in 1914, rebuilding the parish church and commissioning stained-glass windows depicting the battle. Sixty years before, at the age of eight, he had performed as a page in a historical pageant to mark the rebuilding of what is now Lille Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="36625135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625135" title="Ren Cancan">
Ren Cancan

Ren Cancan (; born April 26, 1986) is a female Chinese boxer who has won three world championships. She took up boxing in 2002 and won the silver medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London in the Women's Boxing - Flyweight Division as southpaw.
Her official birthdate is January 26, 1988, as registered with the international boxing association, but she told Reuters that her actual birthdate is April 26, 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="36625153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625153" title="Trichanthera">
Trichanthera

Trichanthera is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the acanthus family containing the single species Trichanthera gigantea, which is known by many common names, including madre de agua, suiban, cenicero, tuno, naranjillo, and palo de agua. It is native to Central America and northern South America. It has also been introduced to other tropical regions such as Vietnam, Cambodia, and the Philippines.
This plant is a shrub or tree growing up to 5 meters tall, though a 15-meter specimen was reported once. It often produces aerial roots. The oval or oblong leaves are up to 26 centimeters long by 14 wide and are borne on short petioles. The flower is maroon with a yellow throat. It is bell-shaped and the throat measures up to 2.5 centimeters long. The plant blooms in the afternoon and the flowers fall away during the night. The flowers are pollinated by bats. The bat "Glossophaga soricina" has been seen at the flowers of this species.
This plant has many uses for humans. It is cultivated as an animal fodder and fed to ducks, pigs, and rabbits. It has veterinary uses in Colombia, where it has been used to treat horse colic and retained placenta in cows. It has uses in human medicine, including as a supplement to increase lactation in nursing mothers. It is used as a living fence and a shade tree.

</doc>
<doc id="36625178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625178" title="Comparison of HTML parsers">
Comparison of HTML parsers

Parsing HTML is a automated task, performed by (so called) HTML parsers. They have two main purposes: 

</doc>
<doc id="36625181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625181" title="Laird Mackintosh (actor)">
Laird Mackintosh (actor)

Laird Mackintosh (born Calgary, Alberta, Canada) is a New York City based actor.
He made his Broadway debut in 2011 in the role of George Banks in "Mary Poppins" at the New Amsterdam Theater in New York City. 
In 2013 he played John Utterson in the Broadway production of Wildhorn's Jekyll and Hyde.
Mackintosh began his career as a dancer in the National Ballet of Canada (1990-1992). He studied at L'Ecole Superieure de Danse du Quebec (Montreal), American Ballet Theatre's School of Classical Ballet in New York City and The National Ballet School in Toronto.
In 1993 he joined the Toronto (LivEnt) production of Andrew Lloyd Webber's "The Phantom of the Opera" in the role of Porter/Marksman and subsequently went on to play the leading role of Raoul for three years and also to understudy the role of the Phantom.
He has also played Robert in "The Drowsy Chaperone" (Vancouver), Phil Davis in "White Christmas" (Halifax), Prince Charming in Ross Petty's "Cinderella" (Toronto), Gustl in "The Land of Smiles" and Algernon Moncrieff in "Earnest, the Importance of Being" (Toronto Operetta Theatre).
He played Nicky Goldberg in the independent film "Songbird" Driected by Alex Boothby, Don Giovanni in "Avenging Angelo" (Sylvester Stallone/Warner Bros.), Young Anwyn Noble in "Prince Charming" (Martin Short/Hallmark) and Bob Kachler in "Rad" (Lori Loughlin/Taliafilm).
He currently appears in the Broadway production of The Phantom of the Opera as Monsieur Andre, and covers the title role of the Phantom.

</doc>
<doc id="36625192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625192" title="Sheen (film)">
Sheen (film)

Sheen is a 2004 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Ashok Pandit. It stars Raj Babbar, Tarun Arora and Sheen in pivotal roles.

</doc>
<doc id="36625197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625197" title="Mulumba Mukendi">
Mulumba Mukendi

Mulumba Calvin Mukendi (born 27 May 1985) is a football striker from DR Congo who plays for the Russian Premier League club FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod.
MFK Ružomberok.
In July 2012, he joined Slovak club MFK Ružomberok on two-year contract. He made his debut for MFK Ružomberok against 1. FC Tatran Prešov on 4 August 2012.
FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod.
In June 2013, he joined the Russian club FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod.

</doc>
<doc id="36625198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625198" title="Source Sans Pro">
Source Sans Pro

Source Sans Pro is a sans serif typeface created by Paul D. Hunt for Adobe Systems. It is the first open source font family from Adobe, distributed under the SIL Open Font License.
The typeface is inspired by the forms of the American Type Founders’ gothics by Morris Fuller Benton. It is available in six weights (Regular, ExtraLight, Light, Semibold, Bold, Black) in upright and italic styles. The typeface has wide language support for Latin script, including Western and Eastern European languages, Vietnamese, pinyin Romanization of Chinese, and Navajo.

</doc>
<doc id="36625209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625209" title="Ortiz Mountains">
Ortiz Mountains

The Ortiz Mountains are a mountain range in north central New Mexico, United States, in Santa Fe County, northeast of the Sandia Mountains and due north of the San Pedro Mountains. The Ortiz include Placer Peak, the highest peak in the range at 8,858 feet, Lone Mountain at 7,310 feet, Cedar Mountain at 7,041 feet, Cerro Chato at 6,965 feet, and the foothills known as the Los Lomas de la Bolsa.
Geology.
The Ortiz Mountains are on the east side of the Rio Grande Rift, with the Santa Domingo Basin and Hagan Basin of the rift to their west, with the Sandia uplift to the southwest, and the Espanola Basin and the Estancia Basin to the east. They form part of the watershed boundary between the Rio Grande and the Pecos River.
The Ortiz Mountains are part of the larger Ortiz porphyry belt of Santa Fe County, and consist of late Eocene to early Oligocene intrusive igneous rocks and their sedimentary host rock. Other members of the Ortiz porphyry belt are South Mountain, the San Pedro Mountains and the Cerrillos Hills. These porphyry intrusions were followed by movement on the Tijeras-Canoncito fault and later mid Oligocene (31.4–27.9 ma) intrusions of stocks and dikes with mineralization including both base and precious metals.
History.
Placer mining for gold in the Ortiz Mountains was carried out by the early Spanish using Indian slave labor, but the first significant placer workings began in 1821. The underground Ortiz Mine was opened in 1822. By 1832, several gold-bearing veins had been discovered. The first gold lode mine in the West was in the Ortiz, as well as the first railroad in New Mexico. The gold separation mill was the work of Thomas Edison. But following World War I, mining costs had risen and the low grade ores and relative lack of water resulted in the last mines being closed. 
In 1973, Consolidated Gold Fields opened an open pit on the Cunningham Hill deposit, the same deposit that the Ortiz Mine had worked. Using the heap and leach method, they extracted approximately 250,000 ounces of gold before closing in 1986. A joint venture of LAC Minerals and Pegasus Gold Corporation did exploratory work beginning in 1989 primarily investigating the Carache Canyon and Lucas Canyon deposits. They did open a new adit into the Carache Canyon deposit, but stopped after 1719 feet due to regulatory issues, lawsuits and a declining gold price.
Ecology.
Precipitation averages twelve inches per year. The lowest elevations are "Artemisia" shrublands, known as sagebrush steppe, which give way to piñon-juniper woodlands at higher elevations.
Ortiz Mountains Educational Preserve.
The Ortiz Mountains Educational Preserve (OMEP) opened to the public in 2003. The 1,350-acre reserve was created as settlement of a lawsuit by residents against Lac Minerals. It is owned by Santa Fe County and managed by the Santa Fe Botanical Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="36625213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625213" title="United Gas Pipe Line Co. v. Ideal Cement Co.">
United Gas Pipe Line Co. v. Ideal Cement Co.

United Gas Pipe Line Co. v. Ideal Cement Co., , is a United States Supreme Court case which vacated a lower appellate court decision, holding that federal courts should abstain from ruling on the constitutionality of a state tax issue that state courts should determine.
Background.
The United Gas Pipe Line Company operates three interstate natural gas pipelines that connect to a station located in Mobile, Alabama, where the gas is reduced in pressure and is distributed using a system operated by the Mobile Gas Service Corporation. United Gas had contracts to provide gas to two industrial facilities owned by the Ideal Cement Company and the Scott Paper Company, each with clauses that the customer would reimburse United Gas for any taxes it paid for providing gas. The City of Mobile has an ordinance requiring a license to conduct a business for the sale of natural gas within the city involving a payment of 1.5% of gross receipts. United Gas, which is incorporated in Delaware, reimbursed Mobile Gas for the amount it paid to the city for the gas deliveries made to Ideal Cement and Scott Paper, and then filed suit in federal court based upon diversity jurisdiction for recovery of that amount from Ideal Cement and Scott Paper. At issue in the case was whether the city license represented a tax and whether it constituted a precondition to conduct interstate trade in violation of the Commerce Clause of the United States Constitution. The federal district court granted summary judgment in favor of United Gas based upon the tax provision of the contracts, but the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit reversed the district court based upon the constitutional issue. The Supreme Court granted certiorari.
Opinion.
In a per curium decision, the Supreme Court vacated the opinion of the court of appeals, noting that the Alabama Supreme Court had never provided a construction of the city ordinance. Since the state court was the authoritative forum for interpreting the ordinance and determining whether it was a tax, the Court ruled that adjudication of the federal constitutional issue should wait while the construction of the city ordinance could be sought by the parties in state court.
In a concurring opinion, Justice Douglas indicated that the ordinance was a tax on intrastate activities and he would reverse the court of appeals decision on that basis.
Justice Harlan wrote a dissenting opinion which stated that the interpretation of the city ordinance in state courts would not determine the federal constitutional issue. He stated that he would adjudicate that issue instead now.
Analysis.
Although unstated or cited in the Supreme Court opinion, this case involves an application of the "Pullman" abstention doctrine from "Railroad Commission v. Pullman Co." (1941). That case holds that federal courts should not adjudicate the constitutionality of an ambiguous state statute fairly open to interpretation until courts in that state have been afforded a reasonable opportunity to rule on the proper statutory construction. "Pullman" abstention applies even when there is no pending state case, which was the situation here in "Ideal Cement" since there was no active Alabama state court case involving the city ordinance.
The provision of natural gas to the Ideal Cement plant was also the subject of a prior Supreme Court case, "United Gas Pipe Line Co. v. Mobile Gas Service Corp." (1956). The issue in that case was whether United Gas could increase the contract rate for natural gas to the cement plant by unilaterally filing a new rate schedule with the Federal Power Commission. The Supreme Court in that case held that the Natural Gas Act of 1938 (NGA) did not authorize the abrogation of contracts, so the new rate schedule could not change the rate for the gas for the cement plant. This case, along with "Federal Power Commission v. Sierra Pacific Power Co." (1956) established the "Mobile-Sierra" doctrine in U.S. administrative law, which holds that an electricity or natural gas supply rate established resulting from a freely negotiated contract is presumed to be "just and reasonable" and thus acceptable under the NGA or Federal Power Act.

</doc>
<doc id="36625219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625219" title="Rovdino">
Rovdino

Rovdino () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36625225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625225" title="Public Works Act">
Public Works Act

Public Works Act (with its variations) is a stock short title used in New Zealand and the United Kingdom for legislation relating to public works.
List.
United Kingdom.
The Public Works (Ireland) Acts 1831 to 1886 is the collective title of the following Acts:

</doc>
<doc id="36625235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625235" title="An Arab Woman Speaks">
An Arab Woman Speaks

An Arab Woman Speaks is a dramatic monologue from "Fedayn" (1972) by Dario Fo and Franca Rame
In 1972 Franca Rame went to Lebanon to discuss with Palestinians in the camps. When she returned to Milan she received a tape from an Arab woman, telling the story of her life. She married for love. But her husband beat her, so she left him, ran away and joined the Palestinian guerrilla movement. She describes how she was involved in the assassination of a high-ranking police officer.
Translations.
An English translation has been made by Ed Emery. 

</doc>
<doc id="36625255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625255" title="Kuhjavere">
Kuhjavere

Kuhjavere is a village in Suure-Jaani Parish, Viljandi County in Estonia. It has a population of 68 (as of 2009).
Eastern part of the village is occupied by the Parika Bog which also includes several lakes like Parika Väikejärv.

</doc>
<doc id="36625261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625261" title="2012–13 Hong Kong Season Play-off">
2012–13 Hong Kong Season Play-off

Hong Kong Season Play-off for the 2012–13 football season was held in May 2013. All matches took place at Mong Kok Stadium in Mong Kok, Kowloon.
The play-off semi-finals are played in one match each, contested by the teams who finished in 2nd and 3rd place in the First Division League table, the winners of the Senior Challenge Shield and the champions of the FA Cup. The winners of the semi-finals go through to the finals, with the winner of the final gaining participation for the 2014 AFC Cup group stage.
Qualified teams.
First Division League.
The teams with final position between 2nd and 5th inclusively guaranteed places in the play-off.
Qualified teams:
Senior Challenge Shield.
The winners of the Senior Challenge Shield guaranteed a place in the play-off.
Winners:
FA Cup.
The winners of the FA Cup will guarantee a place in the play-off.
Winners:
Note: Since Kitchee won the FA Cup champions, the 4th place in the league (i.e. Southern) is guaranteed a place in the play-offs, as Kitchee have qualified to the play-off.
Scorers.
The scorers in the 2013 Hong Kong AFC Cup play-offs are as follows:
2 goals
1 goal

</doc>
<doc id="36625283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625283" title="Zen Circus">
Zen Circus

Zen Circus is an Italian rock band founded in 1994 by Andrea Appino and Marcello Bruzzi in Pisa. The band's name derives from the fusion of two Hüsker Dü albums: Zen Arcade, and Metal Circus.
History.
In 1994, Andrea Appino (guitar and vocals) and Marcello 'Teschio' Bruzzi (drums) formed a punk rock band. They lived in the Historic Social Center, and it was there that they created a rehearsal room called "Black Spot." In 1998, they debuted as The Zen with a self-produced album called "About Thieves, Farmers, Tramps and Policemen". This first album resulted in the creation of a personal label, Iceforeveryone Records, through which the band released their second album. Appino was living and performing as a one-man band in the Netherlands, where most copies of the CD were subsequently sold.
Appino was forced to return home because of civil service obligations. Teschio's friend convinced him to involve a third collaborator, Massimiliano 'UFO' Schiavelli. The band was the renamed "The Zen Circus." A real turning point for the band was winning the regional selection of Arezzo Wave and participating in Arezzo Wave On The Rocks. They bought a camper van, Nello, which accompanied them through Italy.
In 2001, they released their first album, "Visited by the Ghost of Blind Willie Lemon Juice Namington IV". In 2003, Teschio, left the band and was replaced by a fan of Zen Circus, Karim Qqru. After the arrival of the new member, they released their third album Doctor Seduction in 2004 and thanks to their superlative live performances, the band become one of the paramount names in the Italian rock scene.
The album contains the ballad "Sweet Me," produced in collaboration with the Rivoli Group, and "Sailing Song," often shown in video rotations on music TV. The album was well received by fans and critics and the Doctor Seduction Tour was a success. Other highlights for the year included appearances on TV programs with Pelù, Modena City Ramblers and Pierpaolo Capovilla. However, the success was marred with financial problems. 
In 2005, the band published and recorded Vita e opinioni di Nello Scarpellini, gentiluomo in analog, with the first few tracks sung in Italian. After a trip to Paris to record the video of Les poches Sont Les Gens Sont Fous Vides, The Zen Circus Tour departed for Scarpellini in 2005 and 2006.
In January 2006, the band celebrated their tenth anniversary with a mega-concert at Club Metarock in Pisa. Immediately after the celebrations, Appino undertook a four day mini-tour to present his solo songs. During the tour, Appino shared the stage with the Violent Femmes. After this meeting, Brian Ritchie (bassist for the Violent Femmes) decided to produce their next album, and joined as a fourth member. This collaboration led to Villa Inferno (2008, Unhip), an album that included guest performances by Kim and Kelley Deal (Pixies, Breeders), Jerry Harrison (Modern Lovers, Talking Heads), and Giorgio Canali (CSI, Rossofuoco ).
In 2008, Appino appeared in the video promo for Linea 77's "The New Italian Music". The subsequent tour involved more than 100 gigs in Italy and other parts of Europe and even Australia.
In 2009, the band released their sixth album titled Andate tutti affanculo (Unhip / Storm), which contained songs sung entirely in Italian. Andate tutti affanculo was acclaimed as one of the best albums of the year, and appeared on the cover of September's monthly musical The Wild Bunch. The album also took part in the song "Nada Blanks". Appino, UFOs and Qqru collaborated with the singer Tuscany in the recording of his last solo album . UFO and Qqru also participated in the 2009 project "Il paese è reale" designed by Manuel Agnelli of Afterhours, which involved their unreleased track "Gente di merda" included in the compilation" Afterhours presents: "The Country is Real (19 artists for a better country?)." At the 2010 Italian Independent Music Awards, Zen Circus won the award for "Best Tour", due to their 110 tour dates.
On 2 March 2011, the band loaded a documentary by Annapaola Martin on their YoutTube channel celebrating the 10 years of the Zen Circus. The documentary announced to fans the band's decision to re-release their first four albums. Villa Inferno and Vita e opinioni di Nello Scarpellini, gentiluomo were re-released by La Tempesta Records, while Doctor Seduction and Visited by the Ghost of Blind Willie Lemon Juice Namington IV were re-released by Black Candy Records.
On 11 October 2011, the band released the album Nati per subire. After a week, the album rose to number 31 on sales ranking official FIMI.
The Zen Circus performed live in Florence on 14 April 2012, during their "Busking Tour". The Busking Tour ran from 16 March 2012 to 5 May 2012, during which the band played acoustic versions of their songs. On 21 April 2012, the band released Metal Arcade Vol 1, the first of four punk rock EPs.
Discography.
Studio
EP
Andrea Appino solo album

</doc>
<doc id="36625321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625321" title="Knut Andersson (Malmö FF footballer 1940–1943)">
Knut Andersson (Malmö FF footballer 1940–1943)

Knut Andersson was a Swedish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36625331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625331" title="Gösta Friberg">
Gösta Friberg

Gösta Friberg was a Swedish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36625339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625339" title="Charles Frederick Hutchinson">
Charles Frederick Hutchinson

Sir Charles Fred(erick) Hutchinson (23 January 1850 – 15 November 1907) was an English physician and Liberal politician. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Rye Division of Sussex from 1903 to 1906.
Family and education.
Charles Hutchinson was the son of Richard Scholes Hutchinson, a medical doctor from Nottingham and his wife Innes Hadden. In 1880 he married Ellen Soames of London. They had one son, St John Hutchinson who also became a Liberal politician, contesting his father’s old seat for the Liberals at both the January and December 1910 general elections.
Hutchinson was educated at Elstree School, Uppingham and the University of Edinburgh where he got his MD. He also studied in Berlin, Vienna and Paris.
Career.
Hutchinson went in for medicine, having passed his primary examinations in anatomy and physiology in 1871. He practised mainly in Scarborough during the year but spent his winters in Monte Carlo. He retired from practice about 1902.
Politics.
After he retired, Hutchinson went to live in Mayfield in Sussex He contested the general election in the Liberal interest in the Rye or Eastern Division of Sussex. Rye could by this time be considered a safe Conservative seat. It had not returned a Liberal since the 1880 general election and its sitting MP, Arthur Montagu Brookfield had held the seat since 1885, having been returned unopposed at the previous general election in 1895.
Liberal Imperialism.
Hutchinson was on that wing of the Liberal Party which called itself the Liberal Imperialists. They argued that the Liberals had lost the centre vote because the party had distanced itself from "the new Imperial spirit". Instead, they argued for a "clean slate" with the old, classical Liberalism giving way to the new ideas of "National Efficiency" and imperialism.
1900 general election.
Brookfield, who had been a professional soldier until his retirement in 1880, had been away in South Africa commanding a battalion of the Imperial Yeomanry in the Second Anglo-Boer War. He did not get back to England until 8 October 1900 by which time Hutchinson had been able to start campaigning. Polling took place in Rye on 12 October and despite Brookfield’s absence, the general mood of support for the government at time of war (especially given Colonel Brookfield’s own participation in the conflict) proved too great a hurdle for Hutchinson. At the last election which had been contested, that of 1892, Brookfield had a majority of 711 votes. This time he turned that into a majority of 2,489, taking 65.1% of the poll to Hutchinson’s 34.9%.
1903 by-election.
Three years later however the political situation was transformed. The war was over, the government was unpopular and the 1902 Education Act was proving a disaster for the Tories and a rallying cause to Liberals, especially those in the nonconformist tradition. Brookfield resigned from the House of Commons to take up an appointment as HM Consul at Montevideo thus causing a by-election and Hutchinson was again called on by the local Liberal Association to be their candidate. In the changed political climate Hutchinson won a narrow victory at the election held on 17 March 1903, defeating the new Conservative candidate Edward Boyle, a barrister, by 534 votes.
1906.
The 1906 general election was a Liberal landslide, exceeding the most optimistic Liberal hopes. Hutchinson however did not share in this political good fortune. The Unionist parties won few seats against the general trend but Rye was one of them, along with some other seats they had lost in by-elections since 1900. Hutchinson faced a new Conservative candidate, George Courthope another barrister but a Sussex man. Despite the pro-Liberal feeling in the country, Hutchinson saw his slim majority overtaken by Courthope who eventually won with a majority of 1,158 votes.
St John Hutchinson.
After his death, his son St John Hutchinson contested Rye for the Liberal party at both the 1910 General elections, but without success.
Honours and other appointments.
Hutchinson received a knighthood in the King’s Birthday Honours list of 1906. He was also appointed as a Justice of the Peace.
Death.
Hutchinson was taken ill in 1907 suffering from a throat affection and it was reported in July of that year that he was in a critical condition with little hope of recovery. He did rally in August but by the end of the month he had a relapse and by the end of September he had been removed from his house in Mayfield to a London nursing home. He died on 15 November 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="36625343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625343" title="Georg Nilsson">
Georg Nilsson

Georg Nilsson was a Swedish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36625352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625352" title="Tiago Ulisses">
Tiago Ulisses

Tiago Ulisses Aparecido Eugenio Sobral (born 9 May 1989) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Career.
Born in São Paulo, Brazil, Ulisses spent seven years as an academy player with Corinthians from 2001 to 2008.
In 2011, Ulisses scored one goal in 11 appearances for Noroeste in the second-tier Campeonato Paulista Série A2 before moving to Botafogo, where he made 15 appearances in 2012.
Ulisses signed with Vancouver Whitecaps FC of Major League Soccer on 3 August 2012, and was released by the club without making a first team appearance three months later. After a one-year spell back to his home country with Guaratinguetá, Ulisses joined UD Almería B in Segunda División B.

</doc>
<doc id="36625355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625355" title="Bertil Winqvist">
Bertil Winqvist

Bertil Winqvist was a Swedish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36625360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625360" title="Ministry of Administration and Digitization (Poland)">
Ministry of Administration and Digitization (Poland)

Ministry of Administration and Digitization () was formed on 21 November 2011, from transformation of "Ministry of Infrastructure" and "Ministry of Interior and Administration".
The ministry is concerned with various aspects of administration, Internet and telecommunication in Poland.
Current minister is Rafał Trzaskowski.
The Ministry oversees:

</doc>
<doc id="36625363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625363" title="Yngve Rosqvist">
Yngve Rosqvist

Yngve Rosqvist was a Swedish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36625367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625367" title="N = 4 supersymmetric Yang–Mills theory">
N = 4 supersymmetric Yang–Mills theory

"N" = 4 supersymmetric Yang–Mills theory is a mathematical and physical model created to study particles through a simple system, similar to string theory, with conformal symmetry. It is a simplified toy theory based on Yang–Mills theory that does not describe the real world, but is useful because it can act as a proving ground for approaches for attacking problems in more complex theories. It describes a universe containing boson fields and fermion fields which are related by 4 supersymmetries (this means that swapping boson, fermion and scalar fields in a certain way leaves the predictions of the theory invariant). It is one of the simplest (because it has no free parameters) and one of the few finite quantum field theories in 4 dimensions. It can be thought of as the most symmetric field theory that does not involve gravity.
Lagrangian.
The Lagrangian for the theory is:
where
formula_2
and the indices "i","j" = 1, ..., 6 and the indices "a", "b" = 1, ..., 4.
Ten-dimensional Lagrangian.
The above Lagrangian can be found by beginning with the simpler ten-dimensional Lagrangian
where I and J are now run from 0 through 9 and formula_4 are the 32 by 32 gamma matrices. formula_5 followed by adding the term with formula_6 which is a topological term.
The components formula_7 of the gauge field for "i" = 4 to 9 become scalars upon eliminating the extra dimensions. This also gives an interpretation of the SO(6) R-symmetry as rotations in the extra compact dimensions.
By compactification on a "T"6, all the supercharges are preserved, giving "N" = 4 in the 4-dimensional theory. The conformal symmetry manifest in this presentation also survives the compactification giving a superconformal field theory.
A Type IIB string theory interpretation of the theory is the worldvolume theory of a stack of D3-branes.
S-duality.
The coupling constants formula_6 and g naturally pair together in the form:
The theory has symmetries that shift τ by integers. The S-duality conjecture says there is also a symmetry which sends :formula_10 as well as switching the group G to its Langlands dual group.
AdS/CFT correspondence.
This theory is important also in the context of the holographic principle. There is a duality between Type IIB string theory on AdS5 × S5 space (a product of 5-dimensional AdS space with a 5-dimensional sphere) and "N" = 4 Super Yang–Mills on the 4-dimensional boundary of AdS5. It is the most successful realization of the holographic principle, a speculative idea about quantum gravity originally proposed by Gerard 't Hooft and improved and promoted by Leonard Susskind.
Integrability.
As the number of colors goes to infinity, the amplitudes scale like formula_11, so that only the genus 0 contribution survives. For more details, see 1/N expansion.
Beisert et al. give a review article demonstrating how in this situation local operators can be expressed via certain states in "spin" chains, but based on a larger Lie superalgebras rather than su(2) for ordinary spin. These are amenable to Bethe ansatz techniques. They also construct an action of the associated Yangian on scattering amplitudes.
Nima Arkani-Hamed et al. have also researched this subject. Using twistor theory, they find a description in terms of the positive Grassmannian. See Amplituhedron.

</doc>
<doc id="36625379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625379" title="PlacePunch">
PlacePunch

PlacePunch is a location-based marketing platform that online marketers use to run location-based marketing programs on foursquare, Facebook and Twitter.
PlacePunch features include loyalty programs, sweepstakes and location-based messaging. Businesses using PlacePunch include Holiday Inn, Food Lion and Arby's.
Company.
PlacePunch was founded in 2010 in Atlanta, Georgia by Adam Steinberg and Chris Glace. In 2011, Silverpop, a digital marketing technology provider that offers email marketing and marketing automation solutions, acquired PlacePunch. PlacePunch is now a key part of Silverpop’s Social Connect collection of products and features.

</doc>
<doc id="36625391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625391" title="Jessica Lu">
Jessica Lu

Jessica Lu (April 18, 1985) is an American actress, model, and spokesperson. She is best known for her portrayal of Ming Huang on the MTV television series "Awkward".
Early life and education.
Lu was born in Schaumburg, Illinois on April 18, 1985. She has a younger brother, Andy. As a child, she attended Hanover Highlands Elementary School located in Hanover Park, Illinois, Robert Frost Junior High, and James B. Conant High School in Hoffman Estates, Illinois. Jessica grew up in the Chicago suburb of Schaumburg, Illinois, where she spent her childhood and high school days developing her love of theater and the performing arts. She went on to attend Columbia College Chicago, where she starred as the lead role in the musical Flower Drum Song, before graduating with an honors degree in Musical Theatre Performance. She is of Chinese and Japanese descent.
Theater.
As a student at Columbia College Chicago, Jessica starred as the lead role in the musical, Flower Drum Song. She also played supporting roles in the musicals West Side Story and Ragtime.
Television.
Jessica Lu previously starred as the down-to-earth Ming Huang on the critically acclaimed MTV series Awkward. Jessica has also appeared in the TV series ', ', and "90210".
Film.
In 2009, Jessica performed in the film short, "The Kari Files", as well as the full-length feature film "Fame". She portrayed Whitney in in 2010.
In 2013, Jessica played in Joey Graceffa's YouTube series: Storytellers
Modeling.
Jessica has modeled in print ads for Got Milk?, OshKosh B'Gosh, Claire's, Parisian, Land's End, Chicago Place, and Carson Pirie Scott. Her modeling career also includes commercial work for Kaiser Permanente, Samsung, McDonalds, Ford Motors, and Orville Redenbacher's.
Advocacy and charity work.
Jessica is an advocate for Love Is Louder Than the Pressure to Be Perfect, which addresses the issues of bullying, depression and discrimination as well as the Trevor Project, an organization providing crisis intervention and suicide prevention services for the LGBTQ community.
Personal life.
Jessica resides in Los Angeles with her dog, Oprah, and her cat, Lucky.

</doc>
<doc id="36625393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625393" title="Ingemar Thillberg">
Ingemar Thillberg

Ingemar Thillberg is a Swedish former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36625395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625395" title="St Cecilia's Hall">
St Cecilia's Hall

St Cecilia's Hall in Edinburgh is Scotland's oldest purpose-built concert hall, and the second oldest in use in the British Isles. The building was designed by Robert MyIne for the Edinburgh Musical Society and built in 1763. However the Society soon fell into financial difficulty, the last concert took place in the hall in 1798.
In 1801 the building was sold to the Baptist Church, who used the premises for worship. Ownership was passed 9 years later to the Masonic Grand Lodge of Scotland. In 1844 the hall was sold to Edinburgh City Council to become a school under Andrew Bell.
The historic building was purchased by the University of Edinburgh in 1959 and now houses the university's Collection of Historic Musical Instruments.

</doc>
<doc id="36625441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625441" title="Rosie Hackett Bridge">
Rosie Hackett Bridge

The Rosie Hackett Bridge is a road bridge in Dublin in Ireland, which opened on 20 May 2014. Spanning the River Liffey and joining Marlborough Street to Hawkins Street, it is intended solely for use by public transport, taxis, cyclists and pedestrians. It is 26 metres wide and 48 metres long, and is designed to be a slender, single span, smooth concrete structure, with the underside of the bridge designed to be as high above the water as possible so that river traffic is not impeded. It is planned to carry the Luas BXD line, which is to connect the Luas Red and Green lines. It was budgeted at €15 million, and named for trade unionist Rosie Hackett.
Use.
The bridge is to carry the Luas BXD line, which is to connect the Luas Red and Green lines. However, until 2017, the bridge is only used by Dublin Bus routes 14, 15, 27, 27x, 33x, 33d, 142 and 151, taxis, bicycles and motorbikes.
Planning and construction.
The bridge was proposed by Dublin City Council to carry the southbound line of the Luas BXD, to allow for the reorganisation of certain Dublin Bus routes, and to ease congestion by providing additional capacity for buses and taxis crossing the Liffey.
Commentators argued that, being just 90 metres downstream from the very wide O'Connell Bridge, the new bridge could not bring much benefit, and any benefit would be cancelled out by the negative impact on the city's classical Georgian urban plan - especially to the symmetry of spacing between existing Liffey bridges. Ultimately, following an environmental impact assessment and Bord Pleanála approval in 2009, the project was approved without any changes to the planned location.
Roughan and O'Donovan Consulting Engineers and Sean Harrington Architects were appointed by Dublin City Council to design and plan the bridge, and Graham Construction (who also constructed the Samuel Beckett Bridge) were awarded the construction contract. Preparatory works commenced in late 2011, with bridge construction beginning in early 2012. The bridge was officially opened on 20 May 2014.
Name.
In its planning and construction phases, the bridge was designated by the working name of The Marlborough Street Public Transport Priority Bridge. The bridge received its permanent name on 2 September 2013 when Dublin City Council named it after trade union leader, Rosie Hackett, following a campaign to name the bridge after Hackett started by three women members of Labour Youth. Other names shortlisted included Willie Bermingham, Frank Duff, Kathleen Mills, and Bram Stoker. 
A report by De Borda institute asserted that the name selection process was the first time an Irish elected chamber used a non-majoritarian decision-making methodology. In the naming committee, from an initial list of ten options, a Borda count was used to identify a short list of five options. And then, in plenary, another Borda count was applied to this short list to identify the final social choice: Rosie Hackett.

</doc>
<doc id="36625447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625447" title="Pablo Gallardo">
Pablo Gallardo

Pablo José Gallardo Zurera (born 19 February 1986 in Seville, Andalusia) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Burgos CF as a central defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36625453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625453" title="Tor Torgersen">
Tor Torgersen

Tor Torgersen (born 20 March 1928) is a Norwegian long-distance runner. He specialized in the longest track distances, 5000 and 10,000 metres, as well as cross-country running and from around 1960 the marathon, in which he also competed at that year's Olympic Games. On the track he became national champion in two events in 1959, with an additional four titles taken taken outside the track. He was later a national team coach in swimming.
Career.
He was born in Drammen. During his career, he represented the clubs IF Torodd, Sarpsborg IL and IK Tjalve. His personal best times were 8:11.0 in the 3000 metres (1959), 14:13.8 in the 5000 metres (1959), the former Norwegian record 29:30.8 in the 10,000 metres (1959) and 2:27:30 hours in the maraton (1960). In middle distance races he had 3:56.6 in the 1500 metres (1958) and 4:19.8 in the mile run (1955).
Internationally he placed eleventh in the 10,000 metres at the 1958 European Championships and 26th in the marathon at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. On the track he became Norwegian champion in the 5000 metres in 1959 ahead of Reidar Andreassen and Pål Benum. He also won silver medals in 1956, 1958 and 1960 and a bronze in 1955. In 1959 he also won the national 10,000 metres title. He broke a Trondheim dominance of more than decade, with Martin Stokken, Øistein Saksvik and Ernst Larsen having won all titles but one since 1947. In this event, Torgersen also won a national silver medal in 1957.
Torgersen also overcame Saksvik's Norwegian record in the 10,000 metres, set in 1955, when he in July 1959 at Bislett stadion ran the distance in 29:30.8 minutes. The record stood until 1964, when it was beaten by Thor Helland. Aged 31 years and 3 months when he set the record, Torgersen is still the oldest ever 10,000 metre record setter in Norway. Torgersen with IK Tjalve sat a new Norwegian club record in the 4 x 1500 metres relay in 1958, but it was broken by IL i BUL's team three months later. Torgersen also broke the Norwegian record in the one-hour run in 1960, but this was an intermediate time in a longer distance race, and since Torgersen did not finish that race the intermediate time was not sanctioned as a record.
On the road, Torgersen became national marathon champion in the Olympic season 1960; his only medal in the event. He won one title in the cross-country forest course, in 1957, and took bronze medals in 1956 and 1958. In 1957 and 1959 he won the 8 kilometre cross-country championship, with a silver in 1960, and in the 3 kilometre cross-country championship he took bronze medals in 1958, 1959 and 1960. He also won the road relay Holmenkollstafetten with IK Tjalve.
Torgersen was a teacher and coach in Larvik, and has been credited for discovering the talent of middle-distance runner Lars Martin Kaupang. He was also a Norwegian national team coach in swimming until 1981, when he was hired in the Danish swimming club AGF Aarhus. Here he coached Olympic medallist Susanne Nielsson.

</doc>
<doc id="36625474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625474" title="Kent Innovation High">
Kent Innovation High

Kent Innovation High opened in Grand Rapids, Michigan in 2011 with one hundred freshmen, four facilitators, and supporting administration. Based on the "New Tech model" which originated in Napa, California, Kent Innovation uses project (and problem) based learning to encourage inquiry and inspire creativity.
In 2012–2013, Kent Innovation added approximately another 100 freshmen and 4 facilitators. This pattern will continue through 2014–2015 when the school reaches the maximum of around 400 students, 9–12. Students describe the environment as a "family" and that there is very little bullying.
Kent ISD and their Superintendents have opened an exciting New Tech High School, Kent Innovation High, that is very different from traditional high schools. With a focus on project-based learning and collaboration with both students and teachers, Kent Innovation High will demonstrate some of the best thinking in the country about teaching and learning. Success for all students is a driving goal of this "lab" school, which will serve as a learning laboratory for teachers and administrators who want to innovate back in their own schools.
From the glass walls and integrated presence of technology, to the ongoing teamwork of students and just-in-time facilitated learning, the physical and cultural environment will be designed to:
Courses.
BIO-LIT
Bio-Lit is an integrated Biology and English course.
GLOBAL STUDIES
Global Studies is an integrated English and Social Studies class focused on world history, literature, culture, religion, and geography from 300 AD to present.
ALGEBRA I
Algebra I is a stand-alone course that meets the Common Core Standards for Algebra I.
BIOLOGY
Biology is a stand alone-course in which students are expected to demonstrate competency of the following topics: Scientific Method, Genetics, Mitosis and Meiosis, Evolution. In addition, students cover the Common Core Science Literacy Standards.
GEOMETRY
Geometry is a stand-alone course that meets the Common Core Standards for Geometry.
WORLD HISTORY
World History is a stand-alone Social Studies class focused on world history, culture and geography from 300 AD to present.
Come Visit.
Innovation High is open to visitors - from prospective students and parents, to area eductors, to business and community members.
The school was created to not only be a place for students to learn, but also for educators all across the region to see some of the best teaching and learning practices in action. Our Superintendents intend the school to serve as an "education incubator" where visiting educators experience exciting new teaching methods, take those ideas and implement them in their own schools.
SCHEDULE A TOUR
Come see first-hand what we're all about in a half-hour personalized tour! Contact our main office at 616.363.8010 or email Tracy Olson to schedule yours.
What's the Difference Between Traditional Learning And New Tech Learning.
"https://docs.google.com/document/pub?id=1W96gv3O2oGKskhnRnzDDVwI_IF6sWZ1xhJNYZ1y7we4&embedded=true"

</doc>
<doc id="36625480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625480" title="Indian vice presidential elections, 2012">
Indian vice presidential elections, 2012

An election to select the 14th Vice-President would be held in India on 7 August 2012. Mohammad Hamid Ansari is the incumbent and the UPA;s candidate for the election after his term expires on 10 August. The other prime candidate is the NDA's Jaswant Singh.
Background.
T. K. Viswanathan and V. R. Ramesh have been appointed as the Returning Officer and the Assistant Returning Officer respectively. Polling would take place at Room No. 63 of the Parliament House. The counting of the votes would take place at the office of the returning officer, the date and time of which is yet to be announced by the Election Commission of India. A press note detailing the programme to fill the office of the Vice-President was issued by the election commission on 3 July 2012.
Electoral College.
As per the information bullet released by the Lok Sabha's Secretariat, there are two hundred and thirty three elected Rajya Sabha members and twelve nominated members. Also, there are five hundred and forty three elected Lok Sabha members and two nominated members. The value of each vote of member of parliament is one. Hence, the total value of electoral college is seven hundred and ninety.
Timeline.
The Election Commission of India had released a press note on 3 July detailing the process of conduct and declaration of the result of the election.
Candidates.
Thirty-four candidates had filed their nomination papers for the election. Seven of them had filed nomination papers on the deadline day. Four nomination were rejected for failing to comply with the requirement of attaching a certified copy of the entry relating to the candidate's parliamentary constituency.
Jaswant Singh.
Jaswant Singh had filed his nomination papers on 20 July in the presence of National Democratic Alliance coalition leaders. Three sets of papers- one each by L. K. Advani, Sumitra Mahajan and Yashwant Sinha, supporting Singh's candidature were submitted to the returning officer Viswanathan. His candidature was announced by the NDA on 16 July. He would meet All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam leader Jayalalithaa and Naveen Patnaik of Biju Janata Dal on 6 August asking them to support his candidature.
Hamid Ansari.
Hamid Ansari filed his nomination papers on 18 Jul United Progressive Alliance chairperson Sonia Gandhi, Prime Minister, Manmohan Singh Samajwadi Party leader Mulayam Singh Yadav, INC general secretary Rahul Gandhi, Nationalist Congress Party leader Sharad Pawar, RLD leader Ajit Singh, National Conference leader Farooq Abdullah, Finance Minister P Chidambaram, Defence MinisterA. K. Antony and RJD leader Lalu Prasad Yadav were among the political leaders who were present to support him at the time of his nomination. His candidature was announced by Sonia Gandhi at a UPA meeting held at Singh's official residence. Sonia Gandhi proposed his nomination by saying: "Mohd Hamid Ansari will complete shortly a term as Vice-President of India. He has presided over the Rajya Sabha with dignity and distinction. The UPA is honoured to nominate him as its candidate for a second term as Vice-President of India. " Sonia Gandhi, Mulayam Singh Yadav, Bahujan Samaj Party leader Satish Mishra and INCMP Motilal Vora then submitted one set of papers each to Viswanathan in support of Ansari's candidature.
Though Mukul Roy of the All India Trinamool Congress had put before the names of grandson of Mahatma Gandhi, Gopalkrishna Gandhi and daughter-in-law of Sarat Chandra Bose, Krishna Bose, his suggestions were rejected by both Gandhi and Singh.

</doc>
<doc id="36625495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625495" title="Femto-photography">
Femto-photography

Femto-photography is a term used to describe a technique for recording the propagation of ultrashort pulses of light through a scene at a very high speed. A femto-photograph is equivalent to an optical impulse response of a scene and has also been denoted by terms such as a light-in-flight recording or transient image. Femto-photography of macroscopic objects was first demonstrated using a holographic process in the 1970s by Nils Abramsson at the Royal Institute of Technology (Sweden). A research team at the MIT Media Lab led by Ramesh Raskar, together with contributors from the Graphics and Imaging Lab at the Universidad de Zaragoza, Spain, more recently achieved a significant increase in image quality using a streak camera synchronized to a pulsed laser and modified to obtain 2D images instead of just a single scanline.
In their publications, Raskar's team claims to be able to capture exposures so short that light only traverses 0.6 mm (corresponding to 2 picoseconds, or 2x10−12 seconds) during the exposure period, a figure that is in agreement with the nominal resolution of the Hamamatsu streak camera model C5680, on which their experimental setup is based. Recordings taken using the setup have reached significant spread in the mainstream media, including a presentation by Raskar at TEDGlobal 2012 Furthermore, the team was able to demonstrate the reconstruction of unknown objects "around corners", i.e., outside the line of sight of light source and camera, from femto-photographs.
In 2013, researchers at the University of British Columbia demonstrated a computational technique that allows the extraction of transient images from time-of-flight sensor data without the need for ultrafast light sources or detectors.
Other uses of the term.
Prior to the aforementioned work, the term "femto-photography" had been used for certain proposed procedures in experimental nuclear physics.

</doc>
<doc id="36625498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625498" title="Samar Nassar">
Samar Nassar

Samar Nassar (born 1978) is a swimmer from Jordan. She was born in Lebanon, and competed for Palestine at the 2000 Summer Olympics, and for Jordan at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
She served as Chef de mission of the Jordanian delegation at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36625505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625505" title="Ministry of Transport, Construction and Marine Economy (Poland)">
Ministry of Transport, Construction and Marine Economy (Poland)

Ministry of Transport, Construction and Maritime Economy () was formed on 21 November 2011, from transformation of "Ministry of Infrastructure".
The ministry is concerned with various aspects of transport in Poland, as well as construction and maritime economy.
The department was merged with the Ministry of Regional Development in November 2013 under Prime Minister Donald Tusk, creating the Ministry of Infrastructure and Development.
The ministry supervises:

</doc>
<doc id="36625512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625512" title="Cherokee High School (Cherokee, Texas)">
Cherokee High School (Cherokee, Texas)

Cherokee High School or Cherokee School is a public school located in unincorporated Cherokee, Texas (USA), a small community in the west central portion of the state. The school is part of the Cherokee Independent School District which encompasses southern San Saba County and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics.
The Cherokee Indians compete in the following sports - 
Cross Country, 6-Man Football, Basketball, Tennis, Golf & Track
See also.
List of Six-man football stadiums in Texas

</doc>
<doc id="36625513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625513" title="Kevin Hood">
Kevin Hood

Kevin Hood is a playwright and screenwriter who is perhaps best known for contributing scripts to the BBC television series "Grange Hill" and the 2007 film "Becoming Jane".
Career.
A successful playwright from 1987 to 1998, Hood wrote the plays "Beached", "Astronomer's Garden", "Sugar Hill Blues", "Hammett's Apprentice", and "So Special". During this period, Hood delved into television. He wrote episodes of "Medics" and "Grange Hill", a popular school drama for BBC. Later he co-devised the crime drama "Silent Witness", writing four episode scripts. Hood also penned the screenplay for the 1998 television film "The Echo", a thriller starring Clive Owen, as well as the serial "In a Land of Plenty" featuring Robert Pugh and "Man and Boy" with Ioan Gruffudd.
In 2004, Ecosse Films hired Hood to aid in the development of a screenplay for "Becoming Jane", a 2007 film depicting the early life of Jane Austen. Screenwriter Sarah Williams had completed several drafts at the time of Hood's entry to the project. Robert Bernstein, a producer with Ecosse, believed that Hood's past work contained "a romantic sensibility. There is a poetic quality about his writing as well as there being a rigorous emotional truth which I thought was important for Jane." Hood agreed to join the production because he believed "the story is such an important one and very much the inspiration for "Pride and Prejudice"." He worked on the script with director Julian Jarrold over a two-year period.
In 2011, Hood was reported to be attached as the screenwriter for "Reykjavík", a drama film about the Cold War. Media sources reported that it was to be directed and produced by Ridley Scott, though they also questioned whether his schedule would fit such a film. The film is set to star Michael Douglas as Ronald Reagan and Christoph Waltz as Mikhail Gorbachev, and begins shooting in March 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36625519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625519" title="Ranong human-trafficking incident">
Ranong human-trafficking incident

The Ranong human-trafficking incident was a human trafficking crime discovered in Ranong, Thailand in 2008. There were 121 people who were being transported from Burma into Thailand, and were left in a water tank, which was then abandoned by its drivers, only to be discovered after 54 of the people in the container had died from lack of adequate oxygen. Among the dead, 37 were women and 17 were men. The locked water tank was on a tank truck and was abandoned when the truck ran out of gas. The people found in the container included women and children. The truck was on its way to Phuket. 
The story was told in the short book "Delivery of Death." 
Cultural references.
The Ranong human-trafficking incident was Canadian playwright Andrew Kooman's inspiration to write "She Has a Name", a play about child prostitution in Thailand. The incident is mirrored in the backstory of "She Has a Name".

</doc>
<doc id="36625533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625533" title="Radio Choklate">
Radio Choklate

Radio Choklate 104 FM (Dhoom Mitha) is Odisha or Odisha’s first FM Radio channel launched in April 2007 from Eastern Media Private Limited entertainment division. It provides Oriya Music, Entertainment, Ollywood Gossips, Informations, Events, Social Events, Jokes, Weather report for people of Odisha.

</doc>
<doc id="36625534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625534" title="Charles C. Montgomery">
Charles C. Montgomery

Charles C. Montgomery (August 19, 1818 in Madrid, St. Lawrence County, New York – November 7, 1888) was an American politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of John Montgomery (c.1780–1843) and Mary (Bartholomew) Montgomery (c.1787–1843). He was a Justice of the Peace from 1842 to 1845; and Superintendent of Common Schools of Madrid in 1845. In October 1845, he resigned from office due to ill health, and spent the next eight months in South Carolina. 
After his return he was again elected School Superintendent and Justice of the Peace. He studied law with James Redington at Waddington, and with D.A. Charles G. Myers at Ogdensburgh, was admitted to the bar in 1850, and practiced in the Village of Waddington. From 1851 to 1854, he engaged in mining near Sonora, California. 
After his return, he was again elected School Superintendent; and was Supervisor of the Town of Madrid from 1857 to 1859. In 1859, the Town of Waddington (including the village) was separated from Madrid.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (17th D.) from 1860 to 1863, sitting in the 83rd, 84th, 85th and 86th New York State Legislatures. He was Supervisor of the Town of Waddington from 1865 to 1874. 
He was buried at the Old Madrid Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="36625538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625538" title="József Fellai">
József Fellai

József Fellai (born 24 June 1989 in Pécs) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Kozármisleny SE.

</doc>
<doc id="36625540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625540" title="Bradford, Iowa">
Bradford, Iowa

Bradford, Iowa may refer to the following places in Iowa:

</doc>
<doc id="36625543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625543" title="I'm Right Here (EP)">
I'm Right Here (EP)

"I'm Right Here" is the debut studio extended play by American singer-songwriter, rapper and musician Chris Rene released on October 2, 2012 through Syco and Epic Records. This is Rene's first major label project, and second studio work overall, after he released his 2009 independent studio album, "Soul'd Out". Rene, a third-place finalist from the inaugural season of the U.S. version of The X Factor, was signed to Epic by his mentor, L.A. Reid. Rene began production on his album in December 2011, and completed recording by June 2012. The record boasts assistance on writing and productions from Alex Lambert, Brandyn Burnette, busbee, Christian Rich, Chuck Harmony, Claude Kelly, J. Bonilla, J.R. Rotem, Jon Levine, Lauren Evans, Marlin "Hookman" Bonds, Marty James, Mitchum Chin, Peter Biker, Supa Dups and Talay Riley, along with compositions from Rene's brother and sister, Gabriel and Gina.
The album debuted at #55 on the Billboard 200 charts, selling around 9,000 units in its first week. It dropped off the chart after just two weeks and has sold over 22,000 copies as of 2013. Young Homie was issued as the official first single from the album in March 2012. Though the song failed to chart on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, it did land at #1 on both the New Zealand chart and the U.S. Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100, #26 on the U.S. Top 40 Pop chart, #72 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart and is certified platinum in New Zealand. The single also sold 293,000 units in digital download sales in the U.S., according to Nielsen Soundscan. The second official single released from the album is the reggae-tinged pop song Trouble. The single debuted at 100 on the US Hot 100 Airplay charts and is certified gold in New Zealand.
Development.
Chris Rene's journey began in June 2011 when he auditioned for the debut season of the US version of The X Factor. By then, Rene was just 70 days clean and sober, fresh out of a Santa Cruz rehabilitation center from a drug and alcohol addiction. Rene ultimately finished the season in third place, behind runner-up Josh Krajcik and winner Melanie Amaro, though Rene proved to be a memorable and influential figure from the show. Rene, along with season one The X Factor winner Melanie Amaro, and fellow finalists Marcus Canty and Astro, were signed to mentor L.A. Reid's revamped label Epic Records in December 2011, a day after the X-Factor finale. Rene's contract would reportedly be worth $150,000 to $500,000 with the label, which stands to reason since he finished in third place. 
Rene immediately entered the studio in Los Angeles with writer Marty James and producer J.R. Rotem to rework his popular song, "Young Homie", to be released as his official first single under the label. Over the next few months, Rene would travel between California and New York to record his new project, with assistance on writing and production from heavyweights Claude Kelly, Matthew "Boi-1da" Samuels, Carsten "Soulshock" Schack, Dwayne "Supa Dups" Chin-Quee, Livvi Franc, Ali Tamposi, Chuck Harmony, Jon Jon Traxx, Christian Rich, busbee, J Bonilla, American Idol semi-finalist Alex Lambert and more.
Composition.
Chris Rene's musical style is described as both "current and easily identifiable." Rene draws his influences from rock 'n' roll, reggae, blues, punk and rap, and is inspired by artists such as Stevie Wonder, Bob Marley, Billy Joel, Kanye West, Eric Clapton, Rihanna, Elton John, Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, Eminem, Led Zeppelin and more. Chris uses a vocal blend of rapping and singing, which he calls "ringing," a term coined by his sister Gina Rene. Rene confirms that the album, sonically, will sound diverse. "here's a little of everything; you got pop songs, rap songs, a mixture of rap-singing, rapping...". The album features themes such as love, women, overcoming obstacles and spreading a positive message through his motto, "love life."
Release and promotion.
"I'm Right Here" was released on October 2, 2012 through Epic Records and Syco Music in physical and digital download formats. It debuted at number 55 on the Billboard 200. Fans who pre-ordered the album on iTunes, Amazon or Walmart were treated to exclusive bonus contents: the bonus track "Tidal Wave" if ordered on iTunes, the bonus track "I Made It" if ordered on Amazon, and an autographed booklet if ordered on Walmart. Rene has promoted singles and the album with appearances on The Ellen DeGeneres Show, Vh1's Big Morning Buzz Live, Anderson Live and the Ricki Lake Show. Rene embarked on a U.S. radio promotional tour, concert appearances with Austin Mahone, Sean Kingston, Cher Lloyd, Karmin, Flo Rida, Cody Simpson, The Wanted, Carly Rae Jepsen, Maroon 5 and more.
"Young Homie" was released as the album's lead single on March 13, 2012. Rene previewed a first listen to fans online via soundcloud on February 23. An accompanying music video followed the release on March 20, 2012. The video was directed by Jeremy Rall and premiered on VEVO. Though the song failed to chart on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, it did land at #1 on both the New Zealand chart and the U.S. Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100, #26 on the U.S. Top 40 Pop chart, #72 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart and is certified platinum in New Zealand. The single also sold 261,000 units in digital download sales in the U.S., according to Nielsen Soundscan. "Trouble" was released as the album's second official single. It impacted radio stations June 26, 2012. The music video, which features model Tyri Rudolph as Rene's leading lady, premiered on VEVO August 13, 2012. The single debuted at #100 on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay charts. It is also certified gold in New Zealand.
Track listing.
(*) Denotes co-producer
Credits and personnel.
Credits for "I'm Right Here" adapted from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="36625544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625544" title="Jo Webber">
Jo Webber

Jo Webber is originally from London, England, now living in the Los Angeles area. She is the CEO and Founder of Virtual Piggy.
Jo Webber holds a Ph.D. in Quantum Mechanics, and is a Chartered Chemist and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry.
Webber's academic career includes research on thienopyridine isomers, publicized in the .
Professional career.
Webber founded Virtual Piggy, and currently serves as its CEO. The company provides a fully COPPA compliant online payment option to merchants, allowing them to safely accept payments from teens and tweens. Webber has appeared on numerous outlets to promote Oink from Virtual Piggy, including WJLA-TV's Let's Talk Live, Fox News Live and the Finovate conference. In October Jo Webber appeared with Emmy Award winning actress Sela Ward on MSNBC's Morning Joe
She also served as CEO and as a member of the board of directors of Energy Solutions International Inc., a provider of complex software solutions for the world's major energy companies. During her tenure at Energy Solutions International, she led the company through two strategic acquisitions, one of which involved the acquisition of a division of a public company and the other, which involved the acquisition of a private company. Webber led the sale of ESI to GFI (a division of Oaktree Capital Management) in 2010.
Prior to her time at Energy Solutions International Inc., Webber served as CEO of InnaPhase Corporation, a provider of enterprise-class software solutions to the global pharmaceutical industry. Under her management, the company was restructured and returned to profitability, and acquired a division of Beckman Coulter. The growth was attributed in part to the introduction of a new software application, which was aimed at the manufacturing centers of the world's leading pharmaceutical companies. Following the software's release and success, Webber led the acquisition of InnaPhase by Thermo Fisher Scientific in 2004.
Following the acquisition, Webber served as a Vice President and General Manager of Informatics for Thermo Fisher. Jo Webber was featured in Articles and interviews on best practices for technology in the pharmaceutical industry.
Education.
Thienopyridine isomers are a group of compounds with beneficial pharmaceutical properties including the ability to prevent platelet aggregation. Many of the isomers are difficult to synthesis and are unstable. Webber worked to synthesis the molecules and using Ab initio techniques, performed quantum mechanical calculations in order to predict stability, structure and other key properties. Calculations were correlated with laboratory observations and measurements where possible to help build up a better understanding of this group of chemically interesting substances.
Contributing Editor.
Jo Webber has a monthly article in the NY Resident magazine on Financial and Family topics. The NY resident has a readership of 70,000 in the NY metro area
Board Positions.
Jo Webber has served on the boards of multiple private and public companies including Octagon Research Systems until its successful acquisition by Accenture in 2012. She currently serves on the board of Maxwell Systems a leading construction software company located in King of Prussia, PA 
Dr Webber also serves on the board of the not for profit organization; Let Go Let Peace Come in.
Other.
Jo Webber received a Lifetime Achievement award in the 2013 Golden Bridge Awards 
Personal.
Jo Webber is English. She currently lives in California

</doc>
<doc id="36625555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625555" title="Michał Boni">
Michał Boni

Michał Jan Boni (born 10 June 1954 in Poznań) is a Polish politician. Minister of Labour and Social Policy in 1991. Deputy to Polish Sejm from 1991 to 1993. Member of the Cabinet of Poland since 2009. Minister of Administration and Digitization since November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36625556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625556" title="Boulder History Museum">
Boulder History Museum

The Boulder History Museum (also known as the Boulder Historical Society) is a private, nonprofit, local history museum located in Boulder, Colorado, on University Hill near the University of Colorado Boulder campus. The museum was established in 1944 in the historic Harbeck-Bergheim house. 
The Boulder History Museum works in conjunction with the Boulder Carnegie Library in order to preserve over 900,000 historic photographs and documents. The museum also has a collection of over 35,000 historical artifacts.

</doc>
<doc id="36625558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625558" title="Henry Phillips (comedian)">
Henry Phillips (comedian)

Henry Phillips (Born November 14, 1969) is a musical comedian from LA known for his "Comedy Central Presents", semi-autobiographical movie "Punching the Clown" (winner of several awards, most notably the Audience Award at the "Slamdance Film Festival"), as well as his songs for two award-winning musicals, "Blake: the Musical" and "Chips." He also did a series of satirical YouTube cooking videos called "Henry's Kitchen," in which he tries and fails to cook food, make friends, and impress women. He's also appeared on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", "Bob and Tom", "The Dr. Demento Show", and the podcasts "WTF with Marc Maron"., and "Comedy Bang Bang".
Style.
Phillips typically portrays a character that is a classic loser, hapless with women, and unsuccessful in show business. His musical style is frequently in ballad form where the sincerity of the musical style contrasts with the comically sad/angry/absurd lyrics. He has also said he wouldn't be doing this (stand-up) if not for Doug Stanhope, who got him started on the road (Phillips appears on Doug Stanhope's 2000 album "Something to Take the Edge Off").
Background.
Phillips grew up in New Jersey and moved to LA as a kid when his father, the character actor Bill Wiley got work out west.

</doc>
<doc id="36625589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625589" title="Simon Schuerch">
Simon Schuerch

Simon Schuerch (born 2 December 1990) is a Swiss rower. He competed in the Men's lightweight coxless four event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36625591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625591" title="Charles Montgomery">
Charles Montgomery

Charles Montgomery may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36625601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625601" title="Bradford, Chickasaw County, Iowa">
Bradford, Chickasaw County, Iowa

Bradford is an unincorporated community in Chickasaw County, Iowa, United States. 
History.
Bradford served as the first seat of Chickasaw County, until 1857 when the seat was transferred to New Hampton.
In 1857 Dr. William S. Pitts stopped in Bradford while en route to Fredericksburg, Iowa and was inspired to write the song, The Church in the Wildwood.

</doc>
<doc id="36625611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625611" title="André Gomes">
André Gomes

André Filipe Tavares Gomes (born 30 July 1993) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for S.L. Benfica as a midfielder.
Club career.
Born in Grijó, Vila Nova de Gaia, Porto District, Gomes joined S.L. Benfica's youth system at the age of 18, playing his last year as a junior with the Lisbon club. On 28 July 2012 he played his first game with the first team, in a friendly with Gil Vicente FC, and spent his first season as a senior with the reserve side, competing in the second division.
Gomes scored his first goals with Benfica B in league matches against S.C. Braga B (2–2 home draw) and C.F. Os Belenenses (6–0, also at home). On 18 October 2012 he made his official debut with the main squad, playing 25 minutes after coming on as a substitute for Eduardo Salvio and netting in a 4–0 success at S.C. Freamunde, for the campaign's Portuguese Cup.
Gomes' momentum in Benfica's first team continued on 27 October 2012, as he started and scored in a 3–0 away win over Gil Vicente in his first league appearance. He continued to be mainly associated with the B-team, however.
On 31 January 2014, Benfica sold 100% of Gomes' economic rights to a private company, Meriton Capital Limited, for €15 million, plus 25% of a future transfer fee. He remained with the 'Reds' until the end of the season. On 16 April he played the full 90 minutes in the second leg of the semifinals of the domestic cup, scoring the final 3–1 after a brilliant individual effort to help his team – who played with one man less for 60 minutes – win the tie 3–2 on aggregate.
International career.
Gomes represented Portugal at the 2012 UEFA European Under-19 Championship. At the age of 19 he received his first call-up to the senior team, for a friendly against Ecuador on 6 February 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36625612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625612" title="Lucas Tramer">
Lucas Tramer

Lucas Tramer (born 1 September 1989) is a Swiss rower from Puplinge. He competed in the Men's lightweight coxless four event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36625623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625623" title="Simon Jakobsen">
Simon Jakobsen

Simon Jakobsen (born 17 November 1990) is a Danish footballer who plays as a defender for Danish Superliga club Silkeborg IF.
Career.
Simon Jakobsen started training regularly with the first team of Silkeborg IF in 2009. He had his debut in the 1st Division on April 13, 2009, in a game against FC Fredericia, where he was subsistuted in the 85th minute having no time to make an impact on the game. He continued training with the first team through the fall which paid off with a 3-year contract.
Jakobsen had to wait more than one year to get his debut in the Danish Superliga on August 7, 2010, where he played in a 0-0 draw against AaB. Jakobsen played four more full games that fall, and Jim Larsens transfer to Rosenborg BK lead the way for the young defender to play regularly on the first team.
Jakobsen signed a 4½-year contract in the spring of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36625640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625640" title="Simon Niepmann">
Simon Niepmann

Simon Niepmann (born 2 August 1985) is a Swiss rower. He competed in the Men's lightweight coxless four event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36625644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625644" title="List of markets in Phnom Penh">
List of markets in Phnom Penh

There are many markets in Phnom Penh, Cambodia. Notable markets include:

</doc>
<doc id="36625646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625646" title="Hüber">
Hüber

Hüber is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36625648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625648" title="Humble Duty">
Humble Duty

Humble Duty (1967–1975) was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. In a racing career lasting from May 1969 until September 1970, the filly ran eleven times and won eight races. As a two-year-old she was rated the best of her age and sex in Britain after winning the Lowther Stakes at York and the Cheveley Park Stakes at Newmarket. In the following season she won five races, all over one mile, including the 1000 Guineas at Newmarket, the Coronation Stakes at Royal Ascot and the Sussex Stakes at Goodwood. She was retired to stud at the end of that season, but had little chance to make an impact as a broodmare, dying in 1975 at the age of eight.
Background.
Humble Duty was a grey filly bred at the Owenstown Stud in County Kildare, Ireland by Frank Tuthill. Her sire Sovereign Path, from whom she inherited her colour, was a top class miler who won the Lockinge Stakes and the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes. Humble Duty's dam, Flatter was placed in the Cheveley Park Stakes and was a half-sister to the Epsom Derby runner-up Gay Time.
As a yearling, Humble Duty was sent to the Newmarket sales where she was bought for 17,000 guineas by the British Bloodstock Agency, acting on behalf of Jean, Lady Ashcombe, the widow of Roland Cubitt, 3rd Baron Ashcombe. Humble Duty was sent into training with Peter Walwyn at his Seven Barrows stable at Lambourn.
Racing career.
1969: two-year-old season.
Humble Duty's first appearance on a racecourse came in May 1969 when she won the Ann Boleyn Stakes over five furlongs at Sandown Park. Although the winning margin was only a length and the opposition moderate, Humble Duty was immediately moved up in class to contest the Queen Mary Stakes at Royal Ascot. She led for most of the race before being overtaken a furlong from the finish and took third place behind Farfalla. After a break of two months, during which she was affected by a cough, she returned in the Lowther Stakes at York in August in which she was matched against Mange Tout, a filly who had won the Prix d'Arenberg and the Molecomb Stakes. Humble Duty won by three quarters of a length from Pisces, with Mange Tout in third. Her final appearance of the year came in the Cheveley Park Stakes at Newmarket in October. Humble Duty led from the start and won by two and a half lengths from Farfalla and Black Satin.
In the Free Handicap, a ranking of the best two-year-olds to have run in Britain in 1969, Humble Duty was the top-rated filly, seven pounds below the leading colt Nijinsky. She was also made the ante-post favourite for the following year's 1000 Guineas.
1970: three-year-old season.
On her first appearance of 1970, Humble Duty ran at Newbury in the Fred Darling Stakes, a trial race for the 1000 Guineas. She appeared less than fully fit and was given a very gentle race by her jockey Lester Piggott in finishing second to Highest Hopes. In the 1000 Guineas two weeks later, Humble Duty started 3/1 joint-favourite in a field of twelve runners. Ridden by Piggott Humble Duty took the lead inside the final quarter mile and drew well clear of her opponents. She won very easily by seven lengths from Gleam, with Black Satin two lengths further back in third and Highest Hopes unplaced. The winning margin was the widest in the race in the 20th century.
Humble Duty was sent to Epsom in June, but bypassed the one and a half mile Oaks, running instead in the Ebbisham Stakes over eight and a half furlongs and winning by four lengths. At Royal Ascot in June, Humble Duty started at odds of 1/6 in the Coronation Stakes and won very easily from Black Satin, who had won the Irish 1000 Guineas since her defeat at Newmarket. Having beaten the best of her own age and sex, the filly was then tried against colts and older horses in the Sussex Stakes at Goodwood in July. Ridden by Duncan Keith, Humble Duty won decisively by three-quarters of a length from Gold Rod, Joshua and Welsh Pageant. In August, Humble Duty added another major victory over Goodwood's mile course when she won the Wills Mile by a length from Prince de Galles (Cambridgeshire Handicap) and Yellow God (runner-up to Nijinsky in the 2000 Guineas).
In her final race, Humble Duty failed to reproduce her best form, finishing fourth behind Welsh Pageant, Gold Rod and Prince de Galles in the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes at Ascot in September.
Retirement.
Humble Duty's breeding career was brief and disappointing. She produced two known foals, neither of whom proved to be of any use as racehorses. In 1974 she miscarried a foal sired by Mill Reef. Humble Duty died in 1975 at the age of eight.
Assessment and honours.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Humble Duty an "superior" winner of the 1000 Guineas and the forty-seventh best filly trained in Britain or Ireland in the 20th century.
Humble Duty was given a rating of 127 by Timeform in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="36625659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625659" title="Hueber">
Hueber

Hueber is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36625666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625666" title="Municipality of Kočevje">
Municipality of Kočevje

The Municipality of Kočevje () is a municipality in southern Slovenia. The seat of the municipality is the city of Kočevje. Today it is part of the Southeast Slovenia statistical region. In terms of area, it is the largest municipality in Slovenia.
History.
In 1247 Bertoldo de Merania, Patriarch of Aquileia granted the area around Ribnica within the Imperial March of Carniola to the Carinthian counts of Ortenburg. When the counts received further estates on the wooded plateau down to Kostel on the Kolpa River in 1336 from the hands of Patriarch Bertram, they called for German-speaking settlers from Carinthia and Tyrol.
The Kočevje area is also the location where the summary executions of thousands people believed to be guilty of collaboration with the Axis Powers during World War II (such as the Slovene Home Guard) and their families took place immediately after the end of the war. They were thrown into various pits and caves, which were then sealed with explosives.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in the Municipality of Kočevje include:

</doc>
<doc id="36625668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625668" title="Andrés Martínez (athlete)">
Andrés Martínez (athlete)

Andrés Martínez Sánchez (Inestrillas, 2 November 1954) is a paralympic athlete from Madrid, Spain competing mainly in category F10 shot putt and discus events.
Biography.
Andres Martinez competed in two paralympics, firstly his home games in Barcelona in 1992 Summer Paralympics then in Atlanta in 1996 Summer Paralympics. In the 1992 games he finished fifth in both the pentathlon and discus before finishing second in the shot putt behind compatriot Alfonso Fidalgo. The 1996 games gave him his third paralympic games fifth place, in the discus and a bronze medal in the shot putt.

</doc>
<doc id="36625669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625669" title="List of state leaders in 349 BC">
List of state leaders in 349 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36625673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625673" title="GWR No. 12">
GWR No. 12

GWR No. 12 is a Sentinel geared steam locomotive which was built for the Great Western Railway and delivered in 1926. Its Sentinel works number is 6515. It was equipped to work train vacuum brakes and to provide steam heat for passenger trains. Initially, it was based at Swindon and used to work trains on the Malmesbury branch. Later, it worked at Brentford Goods Yard. These trials were not a great success and the locomotive was withdrawn in December 1926 and returned to Sentinel in January 1927.
Rebuilding.
The locomotive was rebuilt by Sentinel with a larger boiler in 1927. It then underwent further trials as follows:
Withdrawal.
In 1958, the locomotive was withdrawn. The boiler and parts of the engine were removed and it was used as a brake van. In 1972, it was condemned and was then bought for preservation and moved to the Buckinghamshire Railway Centre at Quainton.
Restoration.
Restoration took seven years and included fitting a reconditioned boiler and engine. The engine was first steamed in preservation on 26 August 1979. In 1981, vacuum brake equipment was refitted for passenger train working.
Visits.
The locomotive has visited other sites since restoration. In May 2001, it moved to Rosemary Vineyards on the Isle of Wight, and then on to the Lavender Line. In June 2008, it returned to Quainton. Since July 2012, it has been working on the Chinnor and Princes Risborough Railway, where it is expected to stay until September 2012. On 15/16 Swptember 2012 it will make a brief visit to Didcot Railway Centre for the "All in a Day’s Work" steam gala.

</doc>
<doc id="36625675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625675" title="Alexandru Sirițeanu">
Alexandru Sirițeanu

Alexandru Siriţeanu (; born 16 April 1984) is a Romanian sabre fencer who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics winning a silver medal in the sabre team event as a reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="36625676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625676" title="Moises Esmeralda">
Moises Esmeralda

Moises Esmeralda is a paralympic athlete from Spain competing mainly in category F11 long and triple jump events.
Moises was amongst the Spanish team that travelled to Atlanta for the 1996 Summer Paralympics where he competed in the triple jump and long jump. Unfortunately he failed to registered a performance in the long jump before finishing second in the long jump to France's Stephane Bozzolo who won in a new Paralympic record.

</doc>
<doc id="36625681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625681" title="Mario Gyr">
Mario Gyr

Mario Gyr (born 2 May 1985) is a Swiss rower. He competed in the Men's lightweight coxless four event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36625683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625683" title="2012 ECOWAS Games">
2012 ECOWAS Games

Calendar.
The schedule of the games was as follows. The calendar is to be completed with event finals information.

</doc>
<doc id="36625687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625687" title="Double Trouble (2012 Telugu film)">
Double Trouble (2012 Telugu film)

Double Trouble is a Telugu film starring Ravi Shankar released on September 21, 2012.
Background.
This film is shot in Hyderabad, Mumbai and Goa. This film was five melodious songs picturised beautifully in different locations.
"Double Trouble", The first film from No barriers entertainments was launched on April 6, 2012, The film production was completed in 3 schedules including 5 songs on 10th Aug 2012. The film is full length comedy movie with about 70 characters shot in more than 30 locations.

</doc>
<doc id="36625691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625691" title="1982 Lake Waco murders">
1982 Lake Waco murders

The 1982 Lake Waco Murders refers to the deaths of three teenagers (two females, one male) near Lake Waco in Waco, Texas, in July 1982. The police investigation and criminal trials that followed the murders lasted for more than a decade and resulted in the execution of one man, David Wayne Spence, as well as life prison sentences for two other men allegedly involved in the crime, Anthony and Gilbert Melendez. A fourth suspect, Muneer Mohammad Deeb, was eventually exonerated after spending several years in prison.
Murders.
On July 13, 1982, two fishermen discovered the bodies of Jill Montgomery, 17, Raylene Rice, 17, and Kenneth Franks, 18, in Speegleville Park, near Lake Waco. Franks' body was found propped against a tree, with sunglasses over his eyes. All three victims had been repeatedly stabbed, and both of the women's throats had been slashed. There was also evidence that the women had been sexually assaulted.
Investigation.
The investigation was initially headed by Lieutenant Marvin Horton of the Waco police department, with assistance from Detective Ramon Salinas and Patrolman Mike Nicoletti. Truman Simons, who was with the Waco police department at the time and had been one of the first respondents on the scene of the crime, also assisted the investigation in an informal capacity.
Initially, the investigation revealed a number of different possible suspects, including James Russell Bishop and Terry Harper, local residents who had been tied to the area at the time of the crime. However, both men had credible alibis, and in September of that year, the investigation began to stall and was marked as “suspended.” Simons, who had taken a significant personal interest in the case, requested that he be given permission to continue investigating the case, which he was subsequently granted.
Within a few days, the first arrest in the case was made. Muneer Mohammad Deeb, the owner of a local gas station, was known to have had a contentious relationship with Kenneth Franks. The two had engaged in verbal confrontations on multiple occasions. Following the murders, he had even commented to two young women that he committed the murders. After one of the women reported this comment to the police, Deeb was quickly arrested and submitted to a polygraph test, which he passed. Subsequently, Deeb was released for lack of evidence.
The case languished for nearly a year, until the work of Simons and others had produced enough evidence to again arrest Deeb and three alleged accomplices in the plot. Deeb had had a life insurance policy for one employee at his convenience store who bore a striking resemblance to Jill Montgomery. The police hypothesized that Deeb had hired David Wayne Spence to murder her, and that Spence and two friends, Anthony and Gilbert Melendez, had seen the victims and mistaken Montgomery for the target. They speculated that the other two victims had been murdered because they were witnesses.
Trials.
Deeb, Spence, and the Melendez brothers were all indicted late in 1983. District Attorney Vic Feazell, whose office had been instrumental in continuing to pursue new evidence in the case, would manage the prosecution against the accused. Spence and both Melendez brothers were, at the time, already serving prison sentences for various crimes.
The evidence against the men largely consisted of testimony provided by other inmates, who claimed that the defendants had admitted to their involvement in the killings in private discussions, as well as confessions made by Anthony and Gilbert Melendez. Also considered was the confession Deeb had made to the two young women about his involvement in the killings, as well as the life insurance policy he had taken out for his employee. Bite marks on the victims were also presented as evidence of Spence’s involvement.
The trials began in May, with testimony from dental specialists supplementing the evidence that had been provided by the prison witnesses. In June, Anthony Melendez pled guilty to the crimes and was sentenced to life imprisonment. Spence’s case was badly damaged by Melendez’ confession, which played a key role in his eventual conviction in July 1984. Unlike Melendez, Spence was sentenced to death for his involvement in the killings.
In January 1985, Gilbert Melendez also pled guilty to the murders, and agreed to testify against Deeb. Like his brother, he received a term of life imprisonment in exchange for this confession. Deeb, who had continued to protest his innocence, was found guilty of instigating the murders, and on March 14, he was sentenced to death by lethal injection.
Appeals.
Both Spence and Deeb continued to maintain their innocence following their convictions, and both men sought appeals in their cases. In 1991, Deeb’s appeal was granted when the Court of Criminal Appeals “ruled that the testimony of a jail inmate should not have been allowed” in his initial trial. Deeb won his new trial in January 1993, and was subsequently released from prison. Those who had been involved in the initial prosecution were stunned. Former McLennan County District Attorney Vic Feazell, who had prosecuted Deeb, stated following the trial, "I am perplexed and bewildered, as I'm sure a lot of people are. But in my mind, this doesn't change anything as far as Mr. Deeb's culpability goes." 
David Wayne Spence’s appeals were not successful, and in April 1997 he was executed for his role in the killings.
Film and Literary Adaptation.
In 1989, true-crime writer Carlton Stowers published his account of the murders and police investigation surrounding the Lake Waco murders, “Careless Whispers.” The book focused heavily on Truman Simons’ involvement in producing the evidence which led to the convictions.
The incident also inspired a made-for-TV adaptation, “Sworn to Vengeance,” starring Robert Conrad as a fictionalized version of Simons. The film aired on CBS in 1993.
Controversy.
Following the convictions of Spence and Deeb, some began to question the substance of the evidence on which the convictions had been based and the methods through which it had been obtained. Brian Pardo, a wealthy Texas businessman, met Spence a few months prior to his execution and, on becoming convinced of his innocence, launched a campaign to delay his death sentence so that a new trial could be commenced. His efforts were unsuccessful, but they brought attention to the case following Spence’s execution.
Bob Herbert wrote a series of articles for the New York Times in 1997, with headlines such as “The Wrong Man” and “The Impossible Crime,” in which he claimed that the case had been “cobbled […] together from the fabricated and often preposterous testimony of inmates who were granted all manner of favors in return.” 
Subsequent Events.
As of 2012, three of the original defendants in the case had died. David Wayne Spence was executed in 1997. Gilbert Melendez died in prison in 1998 from AIDS-related complications. Muneer Mohammad Deeb died of stomach cancer in 1999. Anthony Melendez remains in prison for his role in the killings, though he and his attorney continue to fight to obtain new DNA evidence in the case.
Further reading.
Michael Hall, "The Murders at the Lake," "Texas Monthly," April 2014 [http://www.texasmonthly.com/story/investigating-the-lake-waco-murders?fullpage=1].

</doc>
<doc id="36625699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625699" title="List of state leaders in 348 BC">
List of state leaders in 348 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36625715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625715" title="Martino Goretti">
Martino Goretti

Martino Goretti (born 27 September 1985) is an Italian rower. He competed in the Men's lightweight coxless four event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36625717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625717" title="Baharabad, Semnan">
Baharabad, Semnan

Baharabad (, also Romanized as Baḥarābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36625722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625722" title="List of state leaders in 347 BC">
List of state leaders in 347 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36625727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625727" title="CoreMotives">
CoreMotives

CoreMotives is a marketing automation solution that operates completely within Microsoft Dynamics CRM. CoreMotives is used for email marketing, nurture marketing, web forms, surveys and alert notifications all directly from within Microsoft Dynamics CRM. CoreMotives requires no manual file installation or maintenance process, because it leverages the Microsoft Windows Azure cloud to operate as a SaaS solution. All deployment types are supported: On Premises, Partner Hosted, Office 365 and Microsoft Online. Additionally, all versions of Microsoft Dynamics CRM are supported: 3.0, 4.0, 2011.
Company.
CoreMotives was founded in 2009 in Atlanta, Georgia. It serves 1200 accounts in 34 countries. In March 2012, Silverpop, a digital marketing technology provider that offers email marketing and marketing automation solutions, announced the acquisition of CoreMotives.

</doc>
<doc id="36625734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625734" title="Viktor Smyrnov">
Viktor Smyrnov

Vicktor Smyrnov is a paralympic swimmer from Ukraine competing mainly in category S11 events.
Viktor has competed at two Paralympic games, winning ten medals, five of them gold. In the 2004 Summer Paralympics he won all of his five golds winning the backstroke, butterfly and freestyle, the individual medley and the freestyle, he also finished second behind countryman Oleksandr Mashchenko who broke the world record in the 100m breaststroke and picked up a bronze in the freestyle. The 2008 Summer Paralympics would not prove as profitable in terms of medals for Viktor as he picked up three bronzes, in the 100m backstroke, breaststroke and butterfly. He was disqualified in the 100m freestyle final, finished fifth in the 50m freestyle and fourth in the 400m freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="36625736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625736" title="The Butterfly Mouse">
The Butterfly Mouse

The Butterfly Mouse (La parpaja topola) is a dramatic monologue by Dario Fo
Synopsis.
A simple young goatherd was scared of women. In his valley lived a priest who was having a relationship with a young girl. The girl's mother came to see the priest and told him to desist - so the priest plotted to get the goatherd married to the girl, so that he might continue having his illicit relationship. However the goatherd and the girl find love. 
Translations.
An authorised English translation has been made by Ed Emery. 

</doc>
<doc id="36625745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625745" title="Anthony Fahden">
Anthony Fahden

Anthony Fahden (born February 27, 1986) is an American rower. He competed in the Men's lightweight coxless four event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36625756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625756" title="List of state leaders in 346 BC">
List of state leaders in 346 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36625762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625762" title="Taq, Iran">
Taq, Iran

Taq (, also Romanized as Ţāq; also known as Tak) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 231, in 72 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36625767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625767" title="Arnold G. Kluge">
Arnold G. Kluge

Professor Arnold G. Kluge is professor emeritus of zoology and curator emeritus of amphibians and reptiles at the University of Michigan, Museum of Zoology. Kluge authored over 140 journal articles and served as past president of the Willi Hennig Society. He served at the University of Michigan from 1965 until his retirement in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="36625774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625774" title="William Newell (rower)">
William Newell (rower)

William Newell (born October 5, 1988) is an American rower. He competed in the Men's lightweight coxless four event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36625776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625776" title="Levi M. Hubbell">
Levi M. Hubbell

Levi M. Hubbell (July 14, 1826 – December 23, 1910) was an American businessman and politician.
Born in Fairfield County, Connecticut, Hubbell was educated at the Oneida Institute; he then moved to Bradford, Iowa in Chickasaw County, Iowa, in 1859, where he worked in business. Then he moved to Winneshiek County, Iowa where he farmed and finally moved to Waukon, Iowa in 1879 where he died. Hubbell served in the Iowa House of Representatives 1880-1884.

</doc>
<doc id="36625778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625778" title="Kareem Ennab">
Kareem Ennab

Kareem Ennab (born 1987) is a Jordanian swimmer. He was born in Irbid. He competed in 50 metre freestyle at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36625780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625780" title="Shaman, Iran">
Shaman, Iran

Shaman (, also Romanized as Shāmān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 27, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36625788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625788" title="Ndeh Ntumazah">
Ndeh Ntumazah

Ndeh Ntumazah (1926 - 21 January 2010) was a leader of the pro-independence movement in Cameroon in the 1950s. 
He was forced into exile, and was unable to return to his country until 1991, when he returned to the political fray.
After his death he was honored by an official burial.
Early career.
Ndeh Ntumazah was born in Mankon, Bamenda in 1926.
He joined the Union of the Peoples of Cameroon (UPC) in the early 1950s.
In 1955 the UPC was banned in the French-controlled Eastern Cameroon. 
Ntumazah then founded the "One Kamerun Movement - OK" in the British-controlled Southern Cameroons, with himself as president, 
a disguised version of the UPC. From this temporarily secure base he assisted UPC militants such as Ruben Um Nyobé and Ernest Ouandié who conducted guerrilla warfare in the French-controlled zone.
Life in exile.
The two Cameroons were unified in 1961. 
In 1962 Ntumazah slipped out of Cameroon and moved to Accra, Ghana.
On 6 September 1962 the UPC leadership in exile met in Accra at Ndeh Ntumazah's house, and decided to exclude the "criminal clique of Woungly" from the administrative secretariat.
At ten that evening, when the attendees were about to leave, a bomb exploded without causing any injury.
The Ghana authorities were not amused and threw the entire UPC leadership in jail.
In October they freed Massaga, Tchaptchet and Ntumazah, but kept Abel Kingué in prison.
On 13 September 1962 the UPC organized its first "Assemblée populaire sous maquis" in Mungo, where the Revolutionary Committee was named.
The committee was presided over by Ernest Ouandié. 
Other members were Abel Kingué, Michel Ndoh, Ndongo Diyé, Osendé Afana, Nicanor Njiawe and Woungly-Massaga.
A two-headed leadership was theoretically in place, with Abel Kingué leading the exiles from Ghana and Ernest Ouandié in the maquis. 
The organization functioned poorly due to communication problems and also to the Sino-Soviet split.
The next year it split, with Abel Kingué and Osendé Afana allied with Ntumazah and opposed to the other leaders.
Ntumazah lived in political exile in Ghana, Guinea and Algeria before settling in the United Kingdom.
During his time of exile he continued to try to make the West pay attention to what was going on in Cameroon.
Later years.
With the re-introduction of multi-party democracy in 1991, Ntumazah returned to Cameroon and reentered politics as one of the leaders of the reborn UPC, still a radical.
The UPC was divided by internal disagreements during the 1990s. Augustin Frédéric Kodock's moderate faction, which was allied to the RDPC, emerged from the intraparty struggles as the dominant faction, although it was opposed by the party's more radical members.
In 1996, the UPC split into different factions, one of which was led by Kodock and another by Ndeh Ntumazah.
Kodock's faction held a congress at Makak in 1996, at which he was re-elected as Secretary-General. 
Kodock was also re-elected to the National Assembly from Nyong-et-Kelle constituency in the 1997 parliamentary election
Ndeh Ntumazah died in St. Thomas’s Hospital in London, United Kingdom, on 21 January 2010.
President Paul Biya decreed that his body should be brought back to Cameroon and would receive an official burial in Bamenda
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36625793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625793" title="Zun, Iran">
Zun, Iran

Zun (, also Romanized as Zūn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36625796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625796" title="Henry of Oyta">
Henry of Oyta

Henry of Oyta () (c.1330 – 1397) was a German theologian and nominalist philosopher.
Life.
He was born at Friesoythe in Lower Saxony.
Henry graduated M.A. at the University of Prague in 1355. He was then rector of a school in Erfurt, and returned to Prague in 1366. In the course of a long-running dispute, Adalbert Ranconis accused him of heresy in 1369–70. He began teaching at the University of Paris in 1377. For reasons connected with the Western Schism, he left Paris in 1381; he then taught at Prague, 1381 to 1381, lecturing there on the Psalms and Gospel of John. He was at the University of Vienna 1384? to 1390; he drew up the statutes there in 1389, with Henry of Langenstein.
Works.
Around 1374 he abridged the "Sentences" commentary of Adam Wodeham.

</doc>
<doc id="36625805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625805" title="Florent Manaudou">
Florent Manaudou

Florent Manaudou (born November 12, 1990 in Villeurbanne) is a French competitive swimmer and Olympic champion of the 50-meter freestyle at the 2012 London Olympics in London. He is the son of a French father and a Dutch mother and the younger brother of Laure Manaudou, also an Olympic gold medalist.
Personal life.
He first began swimming under the direction of his older brother, Nicholas Manaudou, and later joined the swimming club of Marseilles, France. In 2007 he was the Junior Champion of France of the 50-meter freestyle event. In 2009, he joined the French Army and is currently in an artillery regiment.
He and his sister Laure are the first siblings to both win Olympic gold medals in swimming. In addition to swimming, he is known for his dimples, his pierced tongue, and tribal tattoo.
Manaudou was awarded the Knight of the French National Order of the Légion d'Honneur for his "eminent merits" in swimming for his performance in 2012.
Swimming career.
In his only individual event at 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, the 50-meter butterfly, Manaudou placed fifth in the final with a time of 23.49. It was slightly slower than the times he posted in the heats (23.31) and semifinals (23.32). Manaudou also competed in the heats of the 4×100-meter medley relay and as the butterfly leg, had a split of 54.02. The French team did not advance to the final with an overall time of 3:36.21.
At the French Olympic Trials, Manaudou qualified for the 2012 London Olympics in London by finishing second behind Amaury Leveaux in the 50-meter freestyle with a time of 21.95. Despite entering the Olympics with only the 10th fastest time in the men's 50-meter freestyle in the world that year, Manaudou won the gold medal in that event (which was the only event he entered). He thus became the first French gold-medalist of the men's 50-meter freestyle and the sixth French Olympic champion in an individual event. Swimming out in lane 7 in the final, Manaudou had a time of 21.34 and finished ahead of Cullen Jones and favorite César Cielo, the defending champion and world record holder. Manaudou's time was slightly slower than the Olympic record of 21.30 set by Cielo in 2008, but was an unofficial fastest time swam in textile (that is, not wearing a high-tech suit). Going into the final, Manaudou recorded a time of 22.09 in the heats and 21.80 in the semifinals.
Following the Olympics, Manaudou competed at the 2012 European Short Course Championships and the 2012 World Short Course Championships held at the end of 2012. At the European Championships in Chartres, Manaudou won five gold medals including an individual title in the 50-meter freestyle with a time of 20.70. At the World Championships in Istanbul, Manaudou won one silver and bronze medal. In his specialty event, the 50-meter freestyle, Manaudou placed second behind Russian swimmer Vladimir Morozov (who he beat in Chartres) by three tenths of a second (0.33) with a time of 20.88.

</doc>
<doc id="36625810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625810" title="List of bishops of the Anglican Church in North America">
List of bishops of the Anglican Church in North America

This list consists of the bishops in the Anglican Church in North America, a Province in the global Anglican Communion. The Global Anglican Future Conference of 2008 called the Anglican Church in North America into being. After the Church was organized and constituted in 2009, The GAFCON Primates Council recognized the Anglican Church in North America as a Province of the Anglican Communion and invited Archbishop Robert Duncan to join the Primates Council. The leadership of the Anglican Global South has dealt with the reality of the Anglican Church in North America similarly, and the Anglican Church in North America is invited as participants in their meetings. 
The Anglican Church in North America has not been recognized as an Anglican Province by the Anglican Communion Office or officially by the Archbishop of Canterbury, though relations are cordial.

</doc>
<doc id="36625811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625811" title="Bo-Göran Ohlsson">
Bo-Göran Ohlsson

Bo-Göran Ohlsson is a Swedish former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36625825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625825" title="Talita Baqlah">
Talita Baqlah

Talita Baqlah (born 1995) is a Jordanian swimmer. She was born in Romania. She competed in 50 metre freestyle at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London where she ranked 45th.

</doc>
<doc id="36625827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625827" title="Allan Jönsson">
Allan Jönsson

Allan Jönsson was a Swedish footballer. He played five matches and scored one goal for Malmö FF from 1938 to 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="36625834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625834" title="Nicholas la Cava">
Nicholas la Cava

Nicholas la Cava (born October 24, 1986) is an American rower. He competed in the Men's lightweight coxless four event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36625836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625836" title="Lennart Mårtensson">
Lennart Mårtensson

Lennart Mårtensson was a Swedish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36625837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625837" title="List of state leaders in 345 BC">
List of state leaders in 345 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36625840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625840" title="The Internship">
The Internship

The Internship is a 2013 American comedy film directed by Shawn Levy, written by Vince Vaughn and Jared Stern, and produced by Vaughn and Levy. The film stars Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson in their third film together after starring in the 2004 film "Starsky & Hutch" and the 2005 film "Wedding Crashers". This is also the second collaboration of Levy, Vaughn, and Stern after the 2012 film "The Watch". The main location of the film is the Googleplex, the real-life headquarters of Google near San Jose, California.
Plot.
Billy McMahon (Vaughn) and Nick Campbell (Wilson) seek employment after being laid off from their positions as watch salesmen when their employer goes out of business. Billy then applies for an internship at Google for the two of them, and they are accepted due to their unorthodox interview answers, despite a lack of relevant experience; they are the only interns not of traditional collegiate age. They will spend the summer competing in teams against other interns, also known as "Nooglers", in a variety of tasks, and only the members of the winning team will be guaranteed jobs with Google. Billy and Nick are teamed with other interns seen as rejects: Stuart, who is usually engrossed in his smart phone; Yo-Yo, a Filipino-American boy who was homeschooled by a stereotypical overbearing Asian mother; and Neha, an Indian-American girl who is an enthusiast of nerd-related kink. The team is led by Lyle, who constantly tries to act hip in order to hide his insecurities. Another intern, Graham, aggressively bullies Billy and Nick's team. Mr. Chetty, the head of the internship program, also expresses his doubts about the older men's abilities. Stuart, Yo-Yo, and Neha see Billy and Nick as useless during a task focused on debugging, and send them on a wild goose chase to find the fictional character, Professor X. But later, during a game of Muggle Quidditch against Graham's team, Billy rallies his team to a comeback that unifies them as a team despite ultimately losing.
When the teams are tasked with developing an app, Billy and Nick convince the team to indulge in a wild night out. At a strip club in San Francisco's Chinatown District, Neha admits to Billy that, despite her rich fantasy life, she has no real-world experience and is nervous; with his support, she decides to stay. Nick gets Yo-Yo to break out of his shell by drinking and receiving lap dances. And, encouraged by Billy, Lyle approaches one of the dancers, Marielena, who is also a dance instructor at Google on whom he had developed a crush. She is charmed by him, but another customer challenges Lyle for her attention and a fight breaks out; the team is ejected from the club. Before sunrise that same night, overlooking the Golden Gate Bridge, Stuart learns to appreciate his surroundings, and Lyle's drunken antics inspire the team to create an app that guards against reckless phone usage while drunk; they win the task by earning the most downloads.
Meanwhile, Nick has been flirting with an executive, Dana, with little success. When he begins attending technical presentations to impress her, he develops an interest in the material. While the teams prepare to staff the technical support hotline, only Billy feels at a loss. A Google employee, "Headphones", who always wears headphones and never socializes, approaches Billy and tells him that the way he interacts with people is special. He tutors Billy on the technical information. Dana agrees to go on a date with Nick, and she invites him in at the end of the evening. During the task, Billy is comfortable with the material, but his team receives no score because he failed to properly log his calls for review. Dejected, Billy leaves Google to pursue a new sales opportunity with his former boss. The final task is announced as a sales challenge; teams must sign the largest possible company to begin advertising with Google. The team is stunned when Nick tells them that Billy has left, and they declare that they do not want to do the task without him. Nick convinces Billy to return, and Billy leads the team to show a local pizzeria owner how Google can help him interact with potential customers and thereby expand his business, while remaining true to his professional values.
Back at Google headquarters, Chetty is about to award the opposing team, given Lyle's team's non-attendance. When suddenly the screen behind him lights up - Lyle's team dancing with giant afros to Irene Cara's Flashdance... What a Feeling, while Billy throws pizza at everyone. Chetty recognizes that although the pizzeria is not a large business, its potential is limitless because it has embraced technology. Graham protests and is dressed down by Headphones, who turns out to be the head of Google Search. Nick, Billy, Lyle, Stuart, Yo-Yo, and Neha are declared the winners and will receive jobs at Google, which the latter three will start after their senior years in college. A furious Graham berates his team for failing to contribute, but Zach, the obese member of the team, has had enough of his bullying and stands up to him by giving Graham a blow to the chest. As the students depart, Nick and Dana are still seeing each other, as are Lyle and Marielena. Stuart and Neha have formed a romantic connection, as well. And Yo-Yo asserts himself to his mother (supported wholeheartedly by his father).
Reception.
"The Internship" received mixed to negative reviews from critics. The ratings site Rotten Tomatoes gives it a score of 35% based on 153 reviews. The site's consensus states: ""The Internship" weighs down Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson's comic charisma with a formulaic script and padded running time that leans far too heavily on its stars' easygoing interplay". The film also has a Metacritic score of 42 out of 100, based on 36 reviews.
A majority of the critics who reviewed this film have derided it for being a feature-length Google commercial. In his review of the film, Ty Burr of "The Boston Globe" commented: "Here’s why Google is so successful: It's figured out a way for Twentieth Century Fox to make a two-hour Google commercial disguised as a summer comedy". Stephen Rea of "The Philadelphia Inquirer" wrote on his review, ""The Internship" itself would be kind of charming, too, if this Google-recruitment film, this 119-minute commercial for Googliness, weren't so downright creepy". "The Guardian"s David Cox described the movie as a "two-hour corporate video," while British film critic Mark Kermode called the film "the longest advert I've seen in the cinema". He dismissed it as "one of the most witless, humourless, vomit-inducingly horribly self-satisfied, smug, unfunny comedies I have ever seen".
One critique was that combining Vaughn and Wilson with Google was simply badly timed, and that "The Internship" would have had a much better reception if it had come out on the heels of Vaughn and Wilson's success in 2005's "Wedding Crashers". This fact of timing was satirized by a video news story run by "The Onion", a satirical newspaper, titled "The Internship Poised to be Biggest Comedy of 2005".
Many former Google interns and Google employees noted the accuracy of the company environment depicted in the movie, but also pointed out that the internship process is nothing like that shown in the movie.
Home media.
The film was released in "Unrated" form on DVD and Blu-ray Combo Pack on October 22, 2013. This edition contains profanity and nudity not found in the theatrical release.

</doc>
<doc id="36625842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625842" title="Dian, Iran">
Dian, Iran

Dian (, also Romanized as Dīān) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36625852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625852" title="Forat, Iran">
Forat, Iran

Forat (, also Romanized as Forāt and Frāt) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 280, in 83 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36625854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625854" title="Iniciativa Amotocodie">
Iniciativa Amotocodie

Iniciativa Amotocodie is an environmental organization in Paraguay. The NGO has its seat in the town of Filadelfia. 
Iniciativa Amotocodie is part of the International Alliance for the Protection of Isolated Peoples and is on its Executive Committee. The members of its board are based in different parts, as well as other Latin American and European countries. Its aims include the cultural strengthening of the Ayoreo ethnic group. Benno Glauser is its director. On December 1, 2010 Paraguayan prosecutors and police irrupted premises of the NGO. 
According to the organization, the forests of the Chaco are threatened by destruction. This is to a large extent by Germans and foreigners.

</doc>
<doc id="36625856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625856" title="Michel Souza da Silva">
Michel Souza da Silva

Michel Souza da Silva, simply known as Michel (born 22 August 1986), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker.
Club career.
Michel moved to Portugal initially as a futsal player, but he switched to association football shortly after because of his physical strength and powerful shots. He started his career with F.C. Penafiel in the third division, scoring 13 goals in 32 games in his first season, which ended in promotion.
In mid-July 2011, after two more years with the club in the second level, Michel joined F.C. Paços de Ferreira in the top flight. During his only season with the club, he ranked as team top scorer as it retained its division status, notably netting against Sporting Clube de Portugal (twice) and S.L. Benfica in two defeats.
On 31 May 2012 Michel moved to Benfica, alongside Paços teammate Luisinho. On 31 August, however, he joined fellow league club S.C. Braga on loan, in a deal that saw Lima go in the opposite direction.
In January 2013 Braga terminated Michel's loan early, and he returned to Benfica. In August he went on loan again, now to Qatar's Al-Wakrah Sport Club. 

</doc>
<doc id="36625869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625869" title="Boyfriend discography">
Boyfriend discography

This is the discography of the six-member South Korean boy group Boyfriend signed under Starship Entertainment and formed in 2011. The group has released three Korean singles, one EP, one full length album, one repackaged album, three Japanese singles and one Japanese full length album to be release on May 29th. They debuted on Mnet's "M!Countdown" on May 26, 2011 with their debut single "Boyfriend".

</doc>
<doc id="36625878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625878" title="Robin Prendes">
Robin Prendes

Robin Prendes (born December 13, 1988) is an American rower. He competed in the Men's lightweight coxless four event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36625882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625882" title="Nešo Šćepović">
Nešo Šćepović

Nešo Šćepović was a Montenegrin businessman and politician, serving as the Mayor of Podgorica between 1925 and 1940.
Residents of Podgorica nicknamed Šćepović "Pauper's Mother" ("sirotinjska majka") because he provided his own food and money to the poor.
Nešo Šćepović was responsible for commissioning more buildings in Podgorica than in past decades.
Following the outbreak of World War II, Šćepović joined the royalist Chetnik movement. He was declared an enemy by the Yugoslav Partisans, and his holdings were subsequently confiscated by the state.

</doc>
<doc id="36625885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625885" title="Qodratabad, Semnan">
Qodratabad, Semnan

Qodratabad (, also Romanized as Qodratābād) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 59, in 22 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36625897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625897" title="Seydabad, Semnan">
Seydabad, Semnan

Seydabad (, also Romanized as Şeydābād) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 443, in 148 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36625899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625899" title="Tržan Castle in Modruš">
Tržan Castle in Modruš

The Tržan Castle (; or "Utvrda Tržan") is a ruined medieval castle situated above the village of Modruš in the northern part of historical Lika region, central Croatia. Before (from the 11th century) the administrative seat of the former Modruš County (later renamed Modruš-Rijeka County), it is today just a ruin in the Josipdol Municipality in the southern part of the Karlovac County. 
Having been built on a ridge of a steep hill (670 metres above sea level) on the eastern slopes of the Velika Kapela mountain, the castle was located on a strategic place overlooking the road that connected the Adriatic Sea and the Pannonian Basin since the ancient times, precisely the Roman towns of Senia (present-day Senj ) and Siscia (present-day Sisak, and which was later, during the 18th century, reconstructed and improved under the name of Josephina road.
History.
According to the famous Croatian historian Vjekoslav Klaić (1849–1928), a kind of a castle or stronghold most probably existed above Modruš already at the beginning of the 9th century, during a war between Borna, Duke of Dalmatian Croatia, and Ljudevit Posavski, Duke of Pannonian Croatia.
Almost ideal position, dominating over the surrounding area, made Tržan Castle never to be conquered by anyone in its history, although the town of Modruš below the castle was plundered and burned by the Ottomans in 1493, just before the battle of Krbava Field.
From 1193 the castle was property of the Knezes (Princes) of Krk, (later, from around 1430, known as the Frankopans), a distinguished Croatian noble family. Bartol II Krčki /Bartholomew II of Krk/ was given the whole vast Modruš estate, including the castle, by the Croato-Hungarian king Bella II (III) for his merits in the wars he fought. The next more than 350 years Tržan was owned by the Frankopans, not only as one among the many castles in their property, but as the main seat and stronghold of the family in the whole continental part of Croatia. From thence ruled, among others, Ivan V Krčki /John V of Krk/ (born before 1343, died 1393) and his son Nikola IV /Nicholas IV/ (born around 1360, died 1432), the most powerful man in Croatia at the beginning of the 15th century, both Bans (Viceroys) of Croatia. They reconstructed and enlarged the old, irregular shaped castle, which was from around 1437 called Tržan or Tržan-grad, because of an increased trade that was going on there ().
The walls, bastions and towers were built of hewn stone (ashlar) in the „fishbone“ style and represented a kind of masterpiece of the contemporary building skill. There are some signs which indicate that the foreign building masters took part in the works, most probably those from the Republic of Venice. The castle itself consisted of central part with a large guard tower and a palace as residence for members of the princely family with its supporting staff, northern part with outbuildings for economic services, various workshops, warehouses, water tanks and rectangular defending tower, and southern part containing mostly facilities for retail trade, accommodation for traders and travellers etc. Following the walls and bastions of the castle, there were about 1200 meters long defensive walls around the town of Modruš, descending the slope of the hill.
In 1449 a well-known partition of the huge Frankopan estates, spread throughout central and western Croatia, took place, as the eight sons of Nikola IV Frankopan agreed to split and share their father`s property (legally valid) among themselves. In the course of this, the whole Modruš estate belonged to Stjepan III /Stephen III/ (born before 1416, died around 1481/84); in the sharing inheritance document it was written: „...to Stjepan belongs the market town Modruš with the Tržan "Castrum"“... It was a time of constant and steady rise, a „golden age“ of Modruš, that reached its peak in 1460, as the town became a seat of a bishop.
Bernardin Frankopan (1453-1529), the only son of Stjepan III, successfully managed the whole of his property further from the Tržan Castle, although there was increasing threat of the Ottoman raids from the already conquered Bosnian territory, east of Modruš County. This led to decrease of importance of Tržan by the end of the 15th century, and the population of the whole area started to move away more and more from its old places of residence to the other, safer parts of Croatia and neighbouring countries, not willing to live in endangered territory.
In the first half of the 16th century the castle was always less maintained and repaired than needed, and after 1553 came under control of the military authorities of the Croatian Military Frontier. A relatively small military deployment unit was permanently stationed there. After several unsuccessful attempts to renovate or rebuild the more and more severely damaged parts of the castle during the 17th and 18th century, the military authorities decided in 1791 to abandon it. Following the negligible Ottoman danger at that time, they presumed that it was not necessary to keep soldiers in Tržan and it was left to its own destiny, becoming a badly damaged castle ruin today.

</doc>
<doc id="36625926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625926" title="Samuel Beltz">
Samuel Beltz

Samuel Beltz (born 31 August 1980) is an Australian rower. He competed at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36625946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625946" title="ABCD line">
ABCD line

The was a Japanese name for a series of embargoes against Japan by Western nations, including America, Britain, China, and the Dutch. It was also known as the . In 1940, in an effort to discourage Japanese militarism, these Western powers and others stopped selling iron ore, steel and oil to Japan, denying it the raw materials needed to continue its activities in China and French Indochina. In Japan, the government and nationalists viewed these embargoes as acts of aggression; imported oil made up about 80% of domestic consumption, without which Japan's economy, let alone its military, would grind to a halt. The Japanese media, influenced by military propagandists, began to refer to the embargoes as the "ABCD ("American-British-Chinese-Dutch") encirclement" or "ABCD line".
Faced with the possibility of economic collapse and withdrawal from its recent conquests (with its attendant loss of face), the Japanese Imperial General Headquarters began planning for a war with the Western powers in April or May 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="36625954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625954" title="Shimi, Iran">
Shimi, Iran

Shimi (, also Romanized as Shīmī; also known as Shamī and Shemī) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 156, in 38 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36625955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625955" title="List of state leaders in 344 BC">
List of state leaders in 344 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36625966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625966" title="The Blue-Eyed Bandit">
The Blue-Eyed Bandit

Il bandito dagli occhi azzurri (internationally released as The Blue-Eyed Bandit) is a 1980 Italian "poliziottesco" film written and directed by Alfredo Giannetti. It was defined as "old fashioned and pleasantly cartoonish." It marks the film debut of Fabrizio Bentivoglio. 

</doc>
<doc id="36625984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625984" title="Yazdanabad, Semnan">
Yazdanabad, Semnan

Yazdanabad (, also Romanized as Yazdānābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36625990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36625990" title="Todd Skipworth">
Todd Skipworth

Todd Skipworth (born 15 February 1985) is an Australian rower. He competed at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36626013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626013" title="Nivaclé people">
Nivaclé people

The Nivaclé people are an indigenous people of the Gran Chaco. An estimated 13,700 Nivaclé people live in the President Hayes and Boquerón Departments in Paraguay, while approximately 200 Nivaclé people live in the Salta Province of Argentina. A very small number of Nivaclé live in Tarija, Bolivia. 
In the last 50 years, 15,000 Mennonites from Canada, Russia, and Germany have settled in traditional Nivaclé territory.
Groups.
They have five subgroups, which are as follows:
Name.
Nivaclé is an autonym, meaning "human." They are also known as the Ashlushlay, Axluslay, Chulupí, and Nivaklé people.
Language.
They speak the Nivaclé language, which has two dialects: Forest Nivaclé and River Nivaclé. Nivaclé is one of the Mataco-Guaicuru languages. A dictionary has been published for the language, and the Bible was translated into Nivaclé in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="36626014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626014" title="List of state leaders in 343 BC">
List of state leaders in 343 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36626031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626031" title="G&amp;SWR 46 Class">
G&amp;SWR 46 Class

The Glasgow and South Western Railway (GSWR) 46 class is a class of six 0-6-0 steam locomotives designed in 1862. They were Patrick Stirling’s second 0-6-0 design for the railway.
Development.
The six examples of this class were designed by Patrick Stirling for the GSWR and were built by Kilmarnock Locomotive Works (Works Nos. R4-R9) in 1864. They were numbered 46-51.
The members of the class were fitted with domeless boilers and safety valves over the firebox, and weatherboards rather than cabs.
Withdrawal.
The locomotives were withdrawn between 1888 and 1893.

</doc>
<doc id="36626035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626035" title="Bruno Fratus">
Bruno Fratus

Bruno Giuseppe Fratus (born June 22, 1989 in Macaé, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian swimmer, who placed fourth in 50-metre freestyle at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
At the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Irvine, USA, Fratus made his first major involvement in an international tournament, finishing 4th in 50-metre freestyle, with a time of 21.93 seconds. He also finished 25th in the 100-metre freestyle.
In 2011 World Aquatics Championships held in Shanghai, China, Fratus made the fastest time in the semifinals of the 50-metre freestyle: 21.76 seconds. He finished 5th in the final, with a time of 21.96 seconds.
In April 2012, disputing the Maria Lenk Trophy in Rio de Janeiro, Bruno Fratus earned the mark of 21.70 seconds in 50-metre freestyle qualifying, temporarily getting the best mark of the year and career.
At 2012 Summer Olympics, in London, Fratus reached the final of the 50-metre freestyle, getting very close to getting an Olympic medal: did the best mark of his life in the competition, and earned the 4th place with 21.61 seconds, just 2 hundredths of César Cielo, who was the bronze medal, with 21.59 seconds.
In May 2013, Fratus had a surgery, to resolve an injury in his right shoulder, which had lasted two years.
At the 2014 Maria Lenk Trophy, in São Paulo, Fratus won a silver medal in the 50-metre freestyle with the second best time in the world at the year, an impressive 21.45, losing only to César Cielo, who won with a time of 21.39.

</doc>
<doc id="36626038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626038" title="Sah, Iran">
Sah, Iran

Sah (, also Romanized as Şaḩ and Şah; also known as Sār) is a village in Tuyehdarvar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 238, in 81 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36626051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626051" title="Sar, Iran">
Sar, Iran

Sar () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36626055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626055" title="Ignatius Lissner">
Ignatius Lissner

The Reverend Ignatius F. Lissner, S.M.A. (Alsatian:Ignace Francious Lissner), was a French-born Catholic priest who was instrumental in developing the ministry of the Catholic Church in the United States to the African American population. He established there the missionary society to which he belonged, the Society of African Missions. He was called the "Apostle of the Negro" at the time of his death.
Early life.
He was born on 6 April 1867 to Nicholas Lissner and Anna Marie Spehner, the youngest of nine children, in Wolxheim, Bas-Rhin, in the region of Alsace in France. His father, a descendent of Jews from Poland, had converted to Catholicism, and he was raised in a devoutly Catholic home, from which five children were to enter service in the Church.
Lissner was drawn to the priesthood at an early age and entered the diocesan minor seminary to start his education. By 1888, he felt called to serve in the African missions and entered the Society on 21 December of that year. He did his studies to prepare for ordination, first at the Society's school at Clermont-Ferrand, completing his theological studies at their Major Seminary in Lyon. He was ordained in the seminary chapel on 25 July 1891.
Africa.
After his ordination, Lissner was assigned to serve in Whydah in the Kingdom of Dahomey, which was then undergoing increasing control by France. It is now part of the nation of Benin. In the summer of 1892, several months after his arrival, an insurrection among the native population broke out and many of the missionaries in the region fled the town. Lissner, however, chose to stay and was taken captive by King Béhanzin for several months. Managing to escape, he returned to the city on 2 December 1892 with French military forces who were able to retake it from rebel hands.
Lissner remained in Dahomey for another five years. The details of his work among the people there are lost, other than his founding the Parish of St. Joseph in Grand-Popo. 
In March 1897 Lissner was assigned to travel to North America to raise funds for the work of the Society. After his arrival in the United States, he traveled widely throughout the nation to make the work of the Society known and to beg for financial support for its works. He also traveled to Canada, preaching throughout the Province of Quebec. In 1899 he was assigned to work in Egypt, where he stayed until 1901. At that point he was sent back to the United States to resume his work of raising funds and recruiting for the Society.
America.
For the next five years, Lissner worked as a minister to the poor of the country, which was itself still considered mission territory by the Church Church, with an infrastructure slowly growing to serve the growing number of immigrants from Europe, and was still under the supervision of the Sacred Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith. He became aware of the lack of organized care for the small population of African-American Catholics. The expectation that there would be organized outreach to the general population of ex-slaves after the American Civil War had not been met, as the system of recruiting specialists for the "Colored Mission", as it was called, had little success.
The Holy See was aware of the situation and decided to take action. In 1906, Bishop Benjamin Keily of the Diocese of Savannah-Atlanta received instructions from Rome that he was to use the services of the Society of African Missions to provide pastoral care to the blacks of the diocese. On the following 17 December Lissner received a letter from the bishop offering the Society the exclusive charge of this population.
In January 1907, under Lissner's direction, two priests of the Society took charge of the Parish of St. Benedict the Moor in Savannah, Georgia. Lissner himself went to Rome to present his plans for the missions entrusted to his care, receiving the blessing of Pope Pius X for this work. He returned to the United States that following November, accompanied by several other members of the Society, all of whom were from his native Alsace. Over the next six years, Lissner went on to found a series of parish and parochial schools to serve the blacks of rural Georgia. The members of the Society carried out this work in the face of a lack of support from their colleagues among the local Catholic clergy and of hostility from the Ku Klux Klan.
Founder.
Handmaids of Mary.
In 1915 a bill came before the Georgia legislature which would have outlawed the education of black children by white teachers. The schools which Lissner had established in Savannah were served by Franciscan Sisters, who were all white. In an effort to head off the closing of these schools, he proposed to Bishop Keily that a religious congregation of black Religious Sisters be founded to take over the charge of these schools. The bishop agreed to the proposal, saying “Yes, colored Sisters for colored people.”
As a result, Lissner recruited the help of Elizabeth Barbara Williams, a longterm member of a former congregation of Franciscan Sisters which had disbanded, to help in this work. Williams, under Lissner's authority and guidance, was joined by other black women to found the Handmaids of the Most Pure Heart of Mary, a congregation open to receiving members regardless of race. Under the name of Mother Theodore, she headed the new congregation.
The bill which sparked their founding, however, did not pass in the Legislature and the white Sisters remained at two of the schools. The Handmaids took control of one of Lissner's schools. Having no real financial resources, however, they resorted to running a laundry and begging to support themselves, and faced a daily struggle for their survival as a community. 
In 1922, Lissner made a business trip to New York City, where he met with Cardinal Patrick Hayes, the Archbishop of New York. Hayes was aware of the small community of Black Sisters which Lissner had helped found and was guiding. He asked Lissner for their help in caring for black children in Harlem. This led to their eventual relocation to New York.
St. Anthony's Seminary.
At this period, there was no seminary in the United States which would accept an African American candidate. Lissner saw as part of the mission of his Society the formation of a black clergy to serve their people. He envisioned establishing a seminary which would accomplish this. He received the support and funding for this project from the Philadelphia heiress, Mother (now Saint) Katharine Drexel, S.B.S., who had dedicated her life and fortune to this same population and had formed a strong friendship with him from the time of his initial visit to America.
Relying largely on funds she provided, Lissner purchased property in Tenafly, New Jersey. He opened there St. Anthony's Mission, the first seminary of the Society in the nation in 1921, and one which was open to candidates of all races. He recruited six African American men to attend, all of whom graduated and received ordination. All of them, however, found so much prejudice in the congregations they tried to serve that they wound up leaving the country to serve elsewhere in the world. The seminary was forced to close in 1927.
A new Province.
With the expansion of the Society's work to the West Coast of the United States through the foundation of a mission in Los Angeles in 1926, Lissner recognized that the work of the Society could not be reliably maintained by Europeans. This was true whether relying on the Alsatians who had accompanied him or the influx of members of the Society from Ireland which had also taken place, and thus needed native members. He therefore began to work on establishing a fully functioning region of the Society. In this way, the institutions could be developed to recruit and train American men for missionary work and to establish sources of financial support. To this end, with the approval of his religious superiors in Europe, he began to lay the groundwork for an American province of the Society.
In 1938, Lissner organized the construction of a novitiate and seminary for the Society in Silver Spring, Maryland. The following year, the Superior General of the Society established the Pro-Province of the United States, just short of full status. Lissner was named Pro-Provincial Superior. This work progressed to the satisfaction of the superiors of the Society, and a new mission in Tucson, Arizona was opened. As a result, on 7 March 1941, the status of the Missionaries of Africa in the United States was raised to that of a full Province. Lissner was appointed as the first American Provincial Superior.
The new Province was soon severely tried with the entry of the United States into World War II. Recruitment of young men became almost impossible due to the military draft and travel restrictions interfered with the ability of the new Provincial Council to meet and coordinate the work of the Province. Additionally, the seminary was destroyed by fire in 1943. Lissner, however, had gained such stature for his work that he was able to raise the funds needed to rebuild the seminary by end of the War, and even built a House of Studies for college-age seminarians in Boston. Under his leadership there was a succssful melding of the differing cultural groups of Alsatians and Irish into a united organization.
Last years.
Overcome by age and poor health, Lissner retired as Provincial Superior in April 1946. He retired to the house of the Society in Tenafly, where a niece helped to nurse him and handled his correspondence. Falling ill, he was taken to Holy Name Hospital in Teaneck, New Jersey, where he died on 7 August 1948. He was buried in Mount Carmel Cemetery in Tenafly.

</doc>
<doc id="36626070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626070" title="Glossary of physics">
Glossary of physics

This glossary of physics terms is a list of definitions about physics, its sub-disciplines, and related fields.

</doc>
<doc id="36626085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626085" title="List of state leaders in 342 BC">
List of state leaders in 342 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36626102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626102" title="Palais Lascaris">
Palais Lascaris

The Palais Lascaris is a seventeenth-century aristocratic building in Nice, today a musical instrument museum. Located in the old town of Nice, it houses a collection of over 500 instruments, which makes it France’s second most important collection.
History.
Built in the first half of the seventeenth century and altered in the eighteenth century, the palace was owned by the Vintimille-Lascaris family until 1802. In 1942, it was bought by the city of Nice to create a museum. The restorations began in 1962 and were completed in 1970, when the museum was opened to the public. In 2001, the historical musical instrument collections of the city of Nice were transferred from the Musée Masséna to the Palais Lascaris with the project of transforming it into a music museum. In 2011, the permanent exhibition of musical instruments was finally opened to the public
Current use.
Today the palace devotes its exhibition space to the permanent exhibit of the collection of historical musical instruments, built around the bequest of Antoine Gautier (1825-1904). 
Collection.
The bequest of the collection of Antoine Gautier.
The historical musical instrument collection is formed around the bequest of the nineteenth-century niçois collector Antoine Gautier (1904).
Antoine Gautier was born in Nice in 1825, son of Joseph Octave Gautier, rich wood merchant, and Félicité Rossetti, daughter of the préfet Rossetti and granddaughter of the senator Rossetti Following studies in classics at the Jesuit College (today the lycée Masséna), he became a jurist. An amateur musician, Antoine Gautier played the violin and the viola, and at the age of eighteen founded a quartet with his brother Raymond, in which Antoine played the viola. At that time he began to hold a musical salon and also began collecting instruments in his home on the rue Papacino : 
Many famous musicians visited his salon, including Jacques Thibaud and Eugène Ysaÿe ; during one soirée in January 1902, Gabriel Fauré performed several of his compositions for piano. In 1903, the Gautier Quartet celebrated its sixtieth anniversary. The following year, Antoine Gautier died at his home, at the age of seventy-nine, leaving to the city of Nice his musical collections consisting of more than 225 instruments and a rare musical library.
The Gautier collection was bequeathed to the city of Nice in the testament of 26 May 1901 and by a codicil dated 8 June 1901. It was accepted by the city of Nice in a special session of the city council, on 19 September 1904. The article of the testament that treats the bequest is succinct :
Following the Antoine Gautier bequest, the city of Nice has continued to enrich this collection, which has been successively exhibited or preserved at the Musée des beaux-arts de Nice, the Musée Masséna, the Conservatoire de Nice, and today at the Palais Lascaris.
Highlights of the Collection.
Among the most important instruments are :
In 2009, the AXA insurance group placed on permanent loan at the palais Lascaris the Gaveau-Érard-Pleyel Archives, presented to the public in two exhibitions : "Érard, l'invention de la harpe moderne, 1811-2011" in 2011 and "Le Clavier vivant/The Living Keyboard" in 2012.
The historical musical instrument collection of the Palais Lascaris is part of the MIMO (Musical Instrument Museums Online) Project, whose notices are accessible on the site of Europeana.

</doc>
<doc id="36626105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626105" title="Cross Rhythms (magazine)">
Cross Rhythms (magazine)

Cross Rhythms was the eponymously titled music magazine produced by the Christian media organisation of the same name. It was founded under the name "Cross Rhythms Magazine" by editor Tony Cummings and printer Mark Golding in April 1989, with the first issue being made available in May 1990. Two years later, publication of the magazine was taken over by Cornerstone House, a publishing company owned by Chris Cole. After partnering with Christian radio station United Christian Broadcasters (UCB) in 1995, the magazine was given more financial stability. Around this time, "Cross Rhythms" had a circulation of approximately 15,000. Around 2000 "Cross Rhythms" official website was launched, which continued online after the paper magazine ceased publication in the summer of 2005 with its 85th issue. , the website is the sixth most viewed Christian website in the UK.
"Cross Rhythms" centred almost exclusively on contemporary Christian music, with only the occasional review of more mainstream music. Each issue included interviews with musicians and bands, reviews of various albums and compilations, and features on music festivals or productions. Each issue also included a CD, narrated by Mike Rimmer, containing a selection of the songs featured in the magazine. Later issues featured "Edges", a series of commentaries on major issues by communicator Mal Fletcher, and "That Mysterious Cross", a series on the Christian cross by Chip Kendall of thebandwithnoname.

</doc>
<doc id="36626110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626110" title="The Uncertainty Principle (Doctor Who audio)">
The Uncertainty Principle (Doctor Who audio)

The Uncertainty Principle is a Big Finish Productions audiobook based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
The Companion Chronicles "talking books" are each narrated by one of the Doctor's companions and feature a second, guest-star voice along with music and sound effects.
Plot.
Zoe is forced to recall the memory of a trip back in time, to the year 2022. She attended the funeral of a girl she didn't even know, alongside the Second Doctor and Jamie.

</doc>
<doc id="36626115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626115" title="Van Every">
Van Every

Van Every is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36626124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626124" title="Doles ash">
Doles ash

Doles Ash is a hamlet located two miles to the east of Piddletrenthide in west Dorset, England. The hamlet had 12 residents as of 2012, however there are very small cottages which can be rented out. In the Victorian age it was a farm.
It features in Thomas Hardy's "Tess of the D'urbervilles" as Flint Comb Ash.

</doc>
<doc id="36626127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626127" title="Gideon Louw">
Gideon Louw

Gideon Abraham Louw (born September 4, 1987 in Pretoria) is a South African swimmer. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, and at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36626135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626135" title="List of state leaders in 341 BC">
List of state leaders in 341 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:
Europe.
Macedonia.
At this time, the Macedonian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36626140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626140" title="Sprunger">
Sprunger

Sprunger is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36626151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626151" title="1970 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1970 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1970 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 8 teams. The national champions were Deportivo Galicia.

</doc>
<doc id="36626152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626152" title="Van Fossen">
Van Fossen

Van Fossen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36626156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626156" title="Andrei Peteleu">
Andrei Peteleu

Andrei Peteleu (born 20 August 1992) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a right back for Liga I club Petrolul Ploiești.

</doc>
<doc id="36626157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626157" title="Ten Silver Coins">
Ten Silver Coins

Ten Silver Coins: The Drylings of Acchora is a young-adult novel written by Andrew Kooman. It is a fantasy novel and its protagonist is Jill Strong. "Ten Silver Coins" was Kooman's debut novel. Kooman wrote the majority of the book in 2004 while working in Asia. It is the first novel in a three-novel series.

</doc>
<doc id="36626158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626158" title="Giordan Harris">
Giordan Harris

Giordan Harris Born April 19th, 1993; is from Ebeye of the Marshall Islands. Harris is a competitive Swimmer who has represented The Republic of The Marshall Islands in various competitions around the world, including The World Youth Olympics held in Singapore during the summer of 2010. Harris continues to Swim representing The Republic of The Marshall Islands in various International Swim Meets, including World Championships and the London 2012 Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36626163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626163" title="Melnychenko">
Melnychenko

Melnychenko is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36626173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626173" title="List of state leaders in 340 BC">
List of state leaders in 340 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:
Europe.
Macedonia.
At this time, the Macedonian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36626177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626177" title="Kichenok">
Kichenok

Kichenok is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36626185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626185" title="Jovan Kavarić">
Jovan Kavarić

Dr. Jovan Kavarić MD (born 1934 in Ponari, Zeta Banovina, Kingdom of Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin clinical biochemist and politician.
Kavarić attended the University of Sarajevo - Faculty of Science in Sarajevo, and later finished the third degree of medical school at the University of Zagreb - School of Medicine in Zagreb. Kavarić later received his doctorate from the University of Zagreb - Faculty of Science.
Kavarić served as mayor of Titograd from 1989 to 1990.
Kavarić is currently a professor of biochemistry and clinical biochemistry at the University of Montenegro's Faculty of Science and Faculty of Medicine in Podgorica.

</doc>
<doc id="36626187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626187" title="Dadic">
Dadic

Dadic or Dadić is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36626191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626191" title="Southwest Alternate Media Project">
Southwest Alternate Media Project

The Southwest Alternate Media Project (SWAMP) is a non profit media arts organization based in Houston, Texas. Established in 1977, SWAMP's mission is to promote the creation and appreciation of film, video, and new media as art forms of a multicultural community.
"SWAMP focuses much of its attention on educational programs, including workshops, moviemaking camps and the Media Literacy Institute."
The Southwest Alternate Media Project was a co-sponsor of Houston Film Critics Society Awards 2010 and has provided production support for several notable feature films, including "Last Night at the Alamo". SWAMP also recognized and supported the work of now noted filmmakers Richard Linklater, Robert Rodriguez, and Jane Campion. SWAMP was recognized and thanked for its assistance in the credits of three movies, "Interface" (1985) directed by Andy Anderson, "Slacker" (1991) directed by Richard Linklater, and "Hannah and the Dog Ghost" (1981) directed by Ken Harrison.
SWAMP's current executive director Mary Lampe says, "As SWAMP enters its 35th year, the goals are to review and re-evaluate the programs and to embrace new technology and tools."
History.
Incorporated as a non-profit media arts center in 1977, SWAMP promotes film, video, and new media through education, information, and presentation activities for all ages.
Through the vision of filmmaker and educator James Blue, with founding director Ed Hugetz and the initial financial support of Houston philanthropists John and Dominique de Menil, SWAMP became the first Texas independent nonprofit organization for the "citizen filmmaker".

</doc>
<doc id="36626198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626198" title="Sports Coaching Foundation">
Sports Coaching Foundation

Sports Coaching Foundation, is a private cricket coaching academy run by Ex- Andhra Ranji Trophy Cricketer Sai Baba. The cricket academy is one of the first of its kinds to introduce flood light indoor nets in India. The cricket academy is sponsored by many, which also includes free power supply to the flood lights from the Electricy board of Andhra Pradesh.

</doc>
<doc id="36626203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626203" title="Trudi Maree">
Trudi Maree

Trudi Maree (born 1988) is a South African swimmer. She was born in Bloemfontein. She competed in the women's 50m freestyle at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, finishing with a time of 25.78 seconds in 36th place in the heats.

</doc>
<doc id="36626205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626205" title="Corpse for Sale">
Corpse for Sale

Corpse for Sale (Italian: "Un morto da vendere") is a one-act play by Dario Fo.
Plot summary.
A pair of card sharps shoot a simpleton after they are beaten by him in a card game. Then it transpires that he is a "wanted man". Eventually the dead man comes back to life, and runs off with the landlord's daughter, taking the money with them.
Translations.
Ed Emery has carried out an authorised English translation.

</doc>
<doc id="36626206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626206" title="List of state leaders in 339 BC">
List of state leaders in 339 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:
Europe.
Macedonia.
At this time, the Macedonian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36626209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626209" title="The Marcardo Campicino">
The Marcardo Campicino

The Mercado Campicino is the largest market in Sucre, Bolivia. It has been operating for 26 years and continues to grow with the popularity of market culture in Bolivia. 
The name of the market 'market of the people from the countryside', because many of the products are grown or manufactured outside of the city. The market is the most common place for indigenous people to conduct their business in Sucre. 
With a population of 300,000, approximately 20,000 people visit the market each day. The majority of the market operates out of lightly constructed, semi-mobile and mobile stalls that sit directly on the street. Some vendors operate out of backpacks and suitcases. Despite being outside the central area, the market is visited more than any other location in Sucre. On the weekend it is common for family members to visit the market together as a form of leisure.

</doc>
<doc id="36626212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626212" title="G&amp;SWR 58 Class">
G&amp;SWR 58 Class

The Glasgow and South Western Railway (GSWR) 58 class is a class of six 0-6-0 steam locomotives designed in 1862. They were Patrick Stirling’s third 0-6-0 design for the railway.
Development.
The original six examples of this class were designed by Patrick Stirling for the GSWR and were built by Kilmarnock Locomotive Works (Works Nos. between 37 and 46) in 1866 and 1867. They were numbered 58, 94 and 99-102.
The members of the class were fitted with a Stirling cab and a Giffard injector.domeless boilers and safety valves over the firebox, which were later replaced by those of Ramsbottom design over the centre of the boiler following a boiler explosion at Springhill in 1876. 
Two further series of ten locomotives each were built by Neilson and Company in 1867 and 1869, (Works Nos. 1317-26, and 1443–52), numbered 160-169 and 172-181.
Withdrawal.
The locomotives were withdrawn between 1890 and 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="36626222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626222" title="Iris Wildthyme (Series 3)">
Iris Wildthyme (Series 3)

Iris Wildthyme Series 3 is a box set of three Big Finish Productions audio dramas featuring Katy Manning as Iris Wildthyme, a character from the spin-off media based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
The Iris Wildthyme Appreciation Society.
Iris and Panda arrive on the planet Trull, in the 42nd Century. Far into her own future, Iris is Trull's biggest celebrity. And home to her biggest fan.
Iris Rides Out.
The bus materialises inside a creepy manor house in 1904, besieged by pig-men, where she meets notorious ghost-hunter, Thomas Carnacki.
Midwinter Murders.
Iris must solve a series of strange murders in the Warwickshire village of Midwinter Leys.

</doc>
<doc id="36626223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626223" title="1971 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1971 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1971 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 8 teams. The national champions were Valencia.

</doc>
<doc id="36626229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626229" title="Schippers">
Schippers

Schippers is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36626231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626231" title="Romário Pires">
Romário Pires

Romário Santos Pires (born 16 January 1989), commonly known as Romário, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Liga I club Petrolul Ploiești.

</doc>
<doc id="36626245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626245" title="Van Galder">
Van Galder

Van Galder is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36626247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626247" title="The Heritage Foundation's Asian Studies Center">
The Heritage Foundation's Asian Studies Center

The Asian Studies Center is The Heritage Foundation's oldest research center. It was established in 1983 in recognition of the dynamic Asia-Pacific region’s growing importance to U.S. interests. Today, the Center is internationally recognized as one of the world’s preeminent policy think tanks working on Asian issues. Its Scholars consistently advocate policies that promote liberty and democracy, economic freedom, the rule of law, and a robust system of security alliances. Highlights include hosting the annual B.C. Lee Lecture, which has featured remarks by such notables as Henry Kissinger and Condoleezza Rice; Key Asian Indicators: A 2009 Book of Charts which provides a snapshot in time of how countries in the region fare economically and more.The Asian Studies Center is heavily engaged with the Asian-Pacific press corps in Washington, D.C., through its one-of-a-kind Washington Roundtable for the Asia Pacific Press.(WRAPP)
B.C. Lee Lecture.
These lectures focus on U.S. Relations with the Asia-Pacific region. They are funded by an endowment from the Samsung group in honor of the late B.C. Lee, the corporations's founder.
The Washington Roundtable for the Asia-Pacific Press (WRAPP).
The Washington Roundtable for the Asia-Pacific Press (WRAPP) is the largest organization of Asian media in the United States. It is currently affiliated with The Heritage Foundation's Asian Studies Center. WRAPP's purpose is to provide Asian journalists greater access to "Inside the Beltway" policy-makers.
Since its inception in 1994, WRAPP has sponsored monthly news briefings tailored to the needs of Asian journalists. Roundtable sessions have included speakers such as Rep. Benjamin Gilman (R-NY), Chairman of the House International Relations Committee, Rep. Doug Bereuter (R-NB), Chairman of the House Asia-Pacific Subcommittee, and Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense Dr. Kurt Campbell. Personalities such as Washington Post syndicated columnist David Broder have also been featured in the Roundtable's "on-the-record" briefings.
WRAPP membership includes nearly all Washington correspondents from Japan, Taiwan, Korea, China, and other countries in the region. Also among the Roundtable's 400 members are U.S.-based print and broadcast media - as well as international wire services and news agencies whose Washington bureaus cover Asia-Pacific diplomacy, trade, and security

</doc>
<doc id="36626253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626253" title="List of state leaders in 338 BC">
List of state leaders in 338 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:
Europe.
Macedonia.
At this time, the Macedonian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36626254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626254" title="Nicola Muscat">
Nicola Muscat

Nicola Muscat (born 1994) is a Maltese swimmer. She competed in the women's 50m freestyle at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, finishing with a time of 27.22 seconds in 43rd place in the heats.

</doc>
<doc id="36626255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626255" title="James A. Bell (New York)">
James A. Bell (New York)

James Augustus Bell (born February 8, 1814 Hebron, Washington County, New York) was an American politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of George Bell (d. 1841) and Margaret Bell, immigrants from Belfast who settled at Hebron in 1812. In 1824, the family removed to Brownville, Jefferson County, New York. He worked on his fathers farm, and taught school. From 1834 to 1836, he took part in the federal survey of the shores of Lake Huron between Fort Gratiot and the Straits of Mackinac. Afterwards he became a merchant, first in Brownville, later in Dexter. In 1840, he married a Miss Wood who died 18 days later. On December 16, 1841, he married Rachel Parry Smith (b. 1818), and their son was Howard Parry Bell (1851–1908).
He was Postmaster of Dexter from 1849 to 1853; Supervisor of the Town of Brownville and President of the Village of Dexter in 1856 and 1857; and a member of the New York State Senate (18th D.) from 1860 to 1865, sitting in the 83rd, 84th, 85th, 86th, 87th and 88th New York State Legislatures. He was a delegate to the New York State Constitutional Convention of 1867–68. In April 1868, he was appointed as Auditor of the Canal Department.

</doc>
<doc id="36626256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626256" title="Theisen">
Theisen

Theisen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36626258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626258" title="Tim Harris (drummer)">
Tim Harris (drummer)

Tim Harris (14 January 1948 – 2007) was a drummer for The Foundations in England.
History.
Tim Harris was the original drummer for the Foundations and played on all of their songs and hits from 1967 until their break up at the end of 1970.
In 1977 there was an attempt at a reunion with Harris and another former member of the band,
Eric Allendale. This failed.
Harris died in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36626264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626264" title="1973 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1973 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1973 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 9 teams. The national champions were Portuguesa.

</doc>
<doc id="36626267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626267" title="Wellings">
Wellings

Wellings is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36626268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626268" title="Iryna Kulesha">
Iryna Kulesha

Iryna Mikhailovna Kulesha (; born 26 June 1986 in Brest, Belarus or in Oberovshina) is a Belarusian weightlifter. She won two bronze medals in the under 75 kg weight category, at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.
She is coached by Viktor Shilay.

</doc>
<doc id="36626270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626270" title="Lavanchy">
Lavanchy

Lavanchy is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36626273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626273" title="Jan Ericsson">
Jan Ericsson

Jan Ericsson is a Swedish former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36626282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626282" title="Shooting at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Mixed 25 metre rapid fire pistol">
Shooting at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Mixed 25 metre rapid fire pistol

Final standings.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final

</doc>
<doc id="36626284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626284" title="Lars Johansson (footballer)">
Lars Johansson (footballer)

Lars Johansson was a Swedish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36626294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626294" title="Matjaž">
Matjaž

Matjaž or Matjaz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36626297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626297" title="Einar Kruse">
Einar Kruse

Einar Kruse was a Swedish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36626300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626300" title="Eshete">
Eshete

Eshete is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36626310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626310" title="Bertil Larsson">
Bertil Larsson

Bertil Larsson was a Swedish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36626311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626311" title="Shitaye">
Shitaye

Shitaye is a feminine Ethiopian given name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36626315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626315" title="Belaynesh">
Belaynesh

Belaynesh is a feminine Ethiopian given name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36626317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626317" title="Fikadu">
Fikadu

Fikadu or Fekadu is a male name of Ethiopian origin that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36626319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626319" title="Jörgen Persson (footballer who played for Malmö FF in 1993)">
Jörgen Persson (footballer who played for Malmö FF in 1993)

Jörgen Persson is a Swedish former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36626325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626325" title="Celeste Brown">
Celeste Brown

Celeste Brown (born 4 August 1994 in Hornsby, Australia) is a Cook Island swimmer. She competed in the women's 50m freestyle at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, finishing with a time of 29.36 seconds in 54th place in the heats. She is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="36626327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626327" title="Habtamu">
Habtamu

Habtamu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36626328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626328" title="List of state leaders in 337 BC">
List of state leaders in 337 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:
Europe.
Macedonia.
At this time, the Macedonian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36626330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626330" title="Knut Andersson (Malmö FF footballer 1939–1940)">
Knut Andersson (Malmö FF footballer 1939–1940)

Knut Andersson was a Swedish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36626337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626337" title="Donley">
Donley

Donley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36626340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626340" title="Folke Nilsson (footballer)">
Folke Nilsson (footballer)

Folke Nilsson was a Swedish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36626346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626346" title="C-L-A-W-S">
C-L-A-W-S

C-L-A-W-S is the second studio album and first LP recorded by the indie rock band Gospel Claws. It was released on October 26, 2010 by Common Wall Media.
Album information.
Members of Gospel Claws that appear on this record are: Joel Marquard, Scott Hall, Wesley Hilsabeck, John Michael Mulhern, and Sloan Walters. This album was produced and recorded at Flying Blanket Recording by Bob Hoag. Departing from previous recordings where their music was tracked and then layered, this recording was done entirely live except for vocals and some ancillary instrumentation. Hoag also played the Glockenspiel, Organ (Hammond), and Tambourine, and lent some vocals to the final recording. It was mastered at the Blasting Room by Jason Livermore. Artwork was done by Chuckie Duff at Common Wall Media.
The album's name stemmed from front man Joel Marquard’s devout and fervent spelling of the second half of the group’s name during live performances to avoid being mistaken as “Gospel Clause.”
Reception.
Critical reception.
"C-L-A-W-S" received a mostly favorable reception. Many critics praised Gospel Claws' upbeat album, calling it a "blend of gospel-and-surf-tinged indie pop, with some '50s style guitar licks," that creates a "remarkablcomplex indie pop." At Phrequency.com, the critic declared that the album "is full of the type of slosh-y summer anthems that make you feel alive—from the pounding beat and stylish, CYHSY-style guitars of opener 'Walk me down' to the sing-song-y, campfire feel of 'Summer nights lakeside.'" After finding that "C-L-A-W-S" "initially may give the impression of a shallow and fleeting amusement" Travis Donovan at Death and Taxes found that "further visits reward the listener by revealing a deep reservoir of enduring redemption, wherein one finds a connection not only to their own childhood pleasures but the extolled imaginings of generations past." In the end, he qualified "C-L-A-W-S" as "one of the year's most unforgettable albums."
Ned Raggett's review at Allmusic.com was more lukewarm. According to him, Gospel Claws' debut album "burst right out of the gate with a sound that is at once perfectly thrilling and perfectly obvious. Which sounds like damning with faint praise but there are no two ways around it." Hesitant to rave about the LP, he concluded that "Gospel Claws may still move further along with their approach over time, but for now they're fated to be in the slipstream of those bands that they clearly love to death. 
Commercial reception.
"C-L-A-W-S" spent 5 weeks in the top 100 on CMJ Top 200 and 4 weeks on the FMQB Submodern charts with the album peaking at No. 2 and the single "Walk me Down" at No. 6.

</doc>
<doc id="36626348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626348" title="14 Apo Ta Oraiotera Tragoudia Mou">
14 Apo Ta Oraiotera Tragoudia Mou

Marinella - 14 Apo ta oraiotera tragoudia mou (Greek: "Μαρινέλλα - 14 Από τα ωραιότερα τραγούδια μου"; ) is a compilation of recordings by popular Greek singer Marinella, under the PolyGram Records - Philips series ""14 Apo Ta Oraiotera Tragoudia Mou"" or ""16 Apo Ta Oraiotera Tragoudia Mou"". This album is part of the compilation. It was released in 1987 in Greece and includes 14 recordings by Marinella from 1976 - 1985 for the PolyGram Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36626353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626353" title="Niiya">
Niiya

Niiya (written: 新谷) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36626358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626358" title="Mickey Storey">
Mickey Storey

Mickey Storey (born March 16, 1986) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is currently in the Toronto Blue Jays organization. He has pitched in Major League Baseball for the Houston Astros, and Toronto Blue Jays.
Career.
Storey attended Deerfield Beach High School in Deerfield Beach, Florida, and Florida Atlantic University. The Oakland Athletics drafted Storey in the 31st round of the 2008 MLB Draft. The Athletics traded Storey to the Houston Astros in June 2011.
Storey was called up to the majors for the first time on August 3, 2012. On September 12, Storey was hit in the face by a line drive off the bat of the Chicago Cubs Dave Sappelt.
He was claimed off waivers by the New York Yankees on November 20, 2012, and then designated for assignment on November 30. He was claimed by the Houston Astros on December 6, and then designated for assignment on December 17 when free agent Carlos Pena was signed.
On December 19, 2012, Storey was claimed by the Toronto Blue Jays. On December 21, the Blue Jays announced that Storey had been assigned outright to their Triple-A affiliate Buffalo Bisons. He was brought up to the Blue Jays on May 9, 2013, and optioned back to the Bisons on May 20 when Anthony Gose was recalled. Storey was recalled by the Blue Jays on June 1, and optioned back to Buffalo on June 4. Storey was recalled on August 10 when Juan Pérez was placed on the disabled list. He was sent back to Buffalo on August 16.
On March 10, 2014, he was optioned to the Buffalo Bisons. After a couple of stints on the disabled list, he was released on April 29 to make room for Chris Getz on Toronto's 40-man roster. He signed a minor league contract with the Blue Jays on May 23, and was assigned to the Bisons and placed on their disabled list.

</doc>
<doc id="36626363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626363" title="We, the Animals Squeak!">
We, the Animals Squeak!

We, the Animals Squeak! is a Looney Tunes cartoon animated short starring Porky Pig. Released August 9, 1941, the cartoon is directed by Bob Clampett. The voices were performed by Mel Blanc, Sara Berner, Billy Bletcher and Michael Maltese.
This short is a parody of the 1930s radio program, "We the People," an early reality program where people would share unusual stories with the audience. Porky Pig is the program's moderator.
Plot.
The cartoon begins with the radio program, "We, the Animals Squeak!" in progress, and a hare finishing his story about how he got revenge on a hunter that had been stalking him. Porky Pig, the program's host, introduces the Irish-accented Kansas City Kitty, a champion mouse catcher.
Kansas City Kitty tells her life's story, including her marriage of Tom Collins and the birth of her son, Little Patrick. The main thrust of her story is how her reputation as a mouse catcher was nearly ruined by the mice, who – tired of being harassed by Kansas City Kitty and being kept away from the food – plot their revenge. In the catacombs of the house's walls, the lead mouse (Ratt McNalley) plots a scheme to kidnap Little Patrick while his mother is asleep. The mice carry out the plan and successfully flee the angry Kitty. The mother cat desperately claws at the wall, but Ratt stands up to her and threatens to brutally kill Little Patrick if their demands are not met.
Those demands – allowing free rein of the house – are played out in the next scene. A series of spot gags follow, where the mice carry food from the refrigerator, get drunk on milk and generally harass Kitty. Meanwhile, one of Ratt's henchmen decides to tease Little Patrick, but Patrick proves to be very resourceful and quickly turns the tables on his captor. Patrick escapes and reunites with his mother; Ratt, who is taunting Kitty, quickly knows what this means and tries to flee, but Kitty quickly catches all the mice "shows those little devils they couldn't harm kit nor king of Kansas City Kitty!"
The story brings loud cheers from the audience, and an impressed Porky gives her a present: a wimpy little mouse that scares her. "Well, faith'n me jabbers," intones the mouse, just as the Irish-shaped iris out ends the cartoon.

</doc>
<doc id="36626371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626371" title="Keesha Keane">
Keesha Keane

Keesha Keane (born 17 December 1995 in Koror) is a Palauan swimmer. She competed in the women's 50m freestyle at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London finishing with a time of 28.25 seconds in 50th place in the heats.

</doc>
<doc id="36626378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626378" title="Chepkirui">
Chepkirui

Chepkirui, or Chepkurui, is a surname of Kenyan origin meaning "daughter of Kirui". It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36626386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626386" title="1972 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1972 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1972 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 9 teams. The national champions were Deportivo Italia.

</doc>
<doc id="36626389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626389" title="Erik Wärn">
Erik Wärn

Erik Wärn was a Swedish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36626396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626396" title="Rabson">
Rabson

Rabson is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="36626402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626402" title="Kjell Karlsson">
Kjell Karlsson

Kjell Karlsson was a Swedish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36626406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626406" title="Lakhon Mein Ek (TV series)">
Lakhon Mein Ek (TV series)

Lakhon Mein Ek was an Indian television series, which premièred on Star Plus in August 2012. The programme depicts real life stories narrated by the fictional character Pratigya (Pooja Gor), the protagonist of drama "Mann Kee Awaaz Pratigya". The opening theme is composed and sung by Sukhwinder Singh, whilst the lyrics have been written by Gulzar.

</doc>
<doc id="36626425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626425" title="1974 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1974 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1974 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 8 teams. The national champions were Deportivo Galicia.

</doc>
<doc id="36626442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626442" title="Jeff Shannon">
Jeff Shannon

Jeff Shannon (1961 – December 20, 2013) was an American film critic, born and based in Seattle. He was best known for his work with the "Seattle Post-Intelligencer" (1985–92) and "The Seattle Times" (1992–2013). 
Shannon studied film history, theory and criticism at Wright State University in Dayton, Ohio. He was the assistant editor of Microsoft Cinemania CD-ROM and website movie encyclopedia (1992–98), and the original DVD section editor in the Home Video department of Amazon.com (1998–2001). He also contributed video-on-demand reviews for the late Roger Ebert’s website (2011–13)
He was injured on the island of Maui in 1979 two weeks after graduating from high school, leaving him with a C-5/6 quadriplegia. In addition to writing occasional articles for New Mobility magazine, he served two three-year terms on the Washington State Governor’s Committee on Disability Issues and Employment [http://www.esd.wa.gov/newsandinformation/legresources/gcde/] (2005–11). He also wrote an column, "From Where I'm Sitting", for FacingDisability.com. 
Shannon died on December 20, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36626454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626454" title="John Rycardes">
John Rycardes

John Rycardes, or Rychard ( died 1527 ) was an English-born cleric and judge in sixteenth-century Ireland. He held the offices of Master of the Rolls in Ireland and Dean of St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin.
He was born in Yorkshire, possibly at Kirk Sandall. He was a cousin of William Rokeby, Archbishop of Dublin 1515-1521, and probably came to Ireland in Rokeby's entourage in 1507 on his appointment as Bishop of Meath. Rycardes was rector of Trim, County Meath. The Archbishop made him an executor of his will and bequeathed him a ring.
Rycardes became Dean of St Patrick's in 1522 and Master of the Rolls in 1523. In the latter year he was given leave to reside at the English Court for ten years (possibly as a precaution against bubonic plague and sweating sickness, both of which were rampant in Dublin in the 1520s).
Rycardes evidently did go to England but returned to Ireland in 1524; he was still alive at Christmas 1526 but died early the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="36626459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626459" title="Cychrus dufouri">
Cychrus dufouri

Cychrus dufouri is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1869.

</doc>
<doc id="36626461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626461" title="Pi de les Tres Branques">
Pi de les Tres Branques

El Pi de les Tres Branques (Catalan for "the three-branched pine") is a 25-metre-tall Scots pine ("Pinus sylvestris") located close to the road at Pla de Campllong near the town of Berga in north-central Catalonia, Spain. It has long been regarded by Catalan nationalists as representing the unity of the three "Catalan Countries" and is the site of a large political-cultural gathering on the third Sunday of July each year and at other times.
The tree has been dead since about 1913, and is in poor structural condition with only one and a bit of its three trunks remaining, but there is a very similar living tree nearby known as "Pi Jove de les Tres Branques" ("the young three-branched pine"), which is regarded as its successor. Both trees are registered as natural monuments by the Catalan government, since 1987.
History.
The tree's cultural significance goes back to the time of the 13th-century King James I of Aragon (which included Catalonia). According to legend, while travelling through Catalonia, he spent a night sleeping under Pi de les Tres Branques, and it was there that he had an inspirational dream that he was destined to rule three kingdoms, conquering the Balearic Islands and Valencia (now the other two "Catalan countries") from the Moors, which he later achieved. In later times (apparently since before 1750), the tree was celebrated as a symbol of the Holy Trinity, and it is still a venue for religious ceremonies. Its political symbolism was revived during the Catalan Renaissance of the late 19th century, specifically in an 1888 poem, "Lo Pi de les Tres Branques" by the poet Jacint Verdaguer, which drew on the story of James and expressed the wish that the tree be an inspiration to the Catalan people. This was followed in 1898 by a theatrical play of the same name by Francesc Pelagi Briz. Verdaguer also coined the name "Guernica of Catalonia" for the tree, referring to the Tree of Guernica, an oak tree which symbolises Basque freedom.
In 1901 the landowner granted the tree and surrounding land to the Catalanist Union ("Unió Catalanista"), a grouping of various nationalist organisations. In 1904, the first nationalist rally was held at the tree.
The tree died before 1915; the year most often given is 1913. The cause is uncertain, but theories include lightning, damage by vandals, and a misguided effort in 1904 by its new owners to protect the tree by building a wall around it. Scots pines have a natural lifespan of up to over 700 years, depending on the region.
The tree has been attacked several times by elements opposed to its symbolism. In 1939, after the end of the Civil War, supporters of the victorious Franco side started an attempt to topple the tree, but were repelled by local people. It has also been subject to regular minor damage such as anti-Catalan graffiti, as well as small pieces broken off by souvenir-hunters. However, the most serious deliberate damage happened during the night of 12/13 May 2014, when the taller of the two remaining branches was sawn off at its base with a chainsaw, by unknown perpetrators.
In 2012, the local municipality of Castellar del Riu announced plans to take over the maintenance of the land around the two trees and develop facilities for visitors, including a car park and information panels. Following the serious damage of May 2014, the mayor announced that ways to preserve and possibly re-attach the severed branch were being investigated, as well as increasing security at the site with video cameras.
El Pi Jove.
Following the death of the main tree, another three-branched pine 200m away has been adopted as its successor. "Pi Jove de les Tres Branques", or "Pi de les Tres Branques II", is at least 200 years old, and 19m tall. It has now become the main attraction for younger elements of the nationalist movement. The older and younger trees are often simply called "el Pi Vell" (the old pine) and "el Pi Jove" (the young pine) respectively, to distinguish the two.
The annual gathering.
The tradition of nationalist gatherings at the tree, called "Aplec", or "Diada", "del Pi de les Tres Branques", started in 1904 when the Catalanist Union organised an assembly there to celebrate its acquisition of the site, on the weekend of 24/25 September, at a time when there were already many leading nationalist figures attending an event in Berga, 7 km away.
The first annual July gathering was in 1921, originally on 25 July, the St. James holiday. That year, following a campaign by poet-politician Ventura Gassol, El Pi Jove was inaugurated as the successor to the then-dead main tree, and from then on became the focus for younger elements attending the gatherings.
In later years, the date of the gathering was changed to the third Sunday in July.
The gathering was banned in 1924 by the government of Miguel Primo de Rivera, but resumed again following the establishment of the Second Spanish Republic in 1931. Following the victory of Francisco Franco's forces in the Spanish Civil War, the gathering was again banned in 1939, and it was not until 1980, five years after Franco's death, that it was revived.
Attendance at the gathering has varied; the 1980 inaugural gathering attracted 3000 visitors, reached a peak of 14000 in 1986, but has since declined steadily to 1000 in 2012. It attracts Catalan nationalists of many different viewpoints, including those holding religious ceremonies, visitors who come to enjoy Catalan cultural activities such as music and castells, dignitaries from all over Catalonia, and activists from the entire nationalist spectrum from left to right.
The mix of different ideological groups at the one assembly has sometimes resulted in friction, even violence. The 1986 gathering was marred by the burning of Spanish flags and harassment of moderate groups. As a result, the mainstream political parties Democratic Convergence and Republican Left stayed away from the 1987 event. In 1988, different factions of the marxist Movement for Defence of the Land (MDT) fought each other, and in 1991, MDT militants attacked youth members of Democratic Convergence and Republican Left. In 1996, hooded left-wing militants attacked rightists at the event.
Since the events of 1996, local and national authorities have increased security at the gathering, and the extremists have generally disappeared, resulting in the restoration of a peaceful cultural atmosphere.
Other associated three-branched pines.
Another similarly-named tree is "Pi de les Tres Branques de Freixinet", located near the village of Freixinet in the municipality of Riner in central Catalonia. This tree is also protected by the Catalan government, since 1988, but was killed in a forest fire in 1998. It is sometimes mistaken for the famous Pi de les Tres Branques.
In 2013, Castellar del Riu municipality announced that in 2014 it would donate a three-branched pine sapling from the Campllong forest to the town of Folgueroles, about 50 km away, to commemorate Jacint Verdaguer who was born there.

</doc>
<doc id="36626462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626462" title="Aminath Shajan">
Aminath Shajan

Aminath Shajan (born 1993) is a Maldivian swimmer. She was born in Malé. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36626474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626474" title="Kaisa Miettinen">
Kaisa Miettinen

Kaisa Miettinen is a Finnish mathematician and the Vice Rector of the University of Jyväskylä in Finland. She is a Professor
of Industrial Optimization with the Department of Mathematical Information Technology, University of Jyväskylä, Finland. In addition, she heads the Industrial Optimization Group.
Her research interests include multiobjective optimization (theory, methods, and software), multiple criteria decision making, nonlinear programming, evolutionary algorithms, hybrid approaches, as well as various applications of optimization. By 2011, Kaisa Miettinen has supervised 11 PhD theses and, this year (2012), she is supervising four more candidates for PhD theses.
Education.
Kaisa Miettinen received her Master of Science degree in Mathematics in 1988, her Licentiate of Philosophy degree in Mathematical Information Technology in 1990, and her PhD (Doctor of Philosophy) degree in Mathematical Information Technology in 1994, all from the University of Jyväskylä, Jyväskylä, Finland.
Career.
Since 1987, Kaisa Miettinen has held various teaching and research positions funded by the Academy of Finland and University of Jyväskylä and became adjunct professor in information technology in the area of optimization at the University of Jyväskylä in 1997. In 1998, Kaisa Miettinen worked with the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis, Laxenburg, Austria. In 2004-2007, she was a Professor of Financial Mathematics at Helsinki School of Economics (currently Aalto University School of Business). Since 2007 she has worked at the University of Jyväskylä as a professor of industrial optimization and since 2012 as the vice-rector in charge of research. In 2011-2012 she was a part-time visiting professor at the KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Department of Mathematics, Division of Optimization and Systems Theory, in Stockholm, Sweden. She is an adjunct professor in Mathematical Methods and Applications of Decision Making at the Aalto University since 2008.
Together with her teaching and research work, Kaisa Miettinen occupies several scientific positions of trust. Presently, she is:
Software.
In 1995, Kaisa Miettinen, along with her colleagues at the University of Jyväskylä, developed and made available WWW-NIMBUS and IND-NIMBUS. WWW-NIMBUS was the first interactive multiobjective optimization software operating via the Internet. IND-NIMBUS is a multiobjective optimization software framework containing implementations of several interactive multiobjective optimization methods developed at the University of Jyväskylä.
Books.
Kaisa Miettinen has written a monograph entitled Nonlinear Multiobjective Optimization (Kluwer/Springer, 1999). She is co-editor of the proceedings of four Dagstuhl seminars. She has edited collections of articles entitled Multiobjective Optimization: Interactive and Evolutionary Approaches with J. Branke, K. Deb and R. Slowinski (Springer, 2008) and Evolutionary Algorithms in Engineering and Computer Science with M.M. Mäkelä, P. Neittaanmäki and J. Periaux (John Wiley & Sons, 1999).
Research Publications.
Kaisa Miettinen has over 130 peer-reviewed articles published in renowned journals and conference proceedings.

</doc>
<doc id="36626480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626480" title="Cychrus elongaticeps">
Cychrus elongaticeps

Cychrus elongaticeps is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="36626484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626484" title="Cychrus elongatulus">
Cychrus elongatulus

Cychrus elongatulus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="36626487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626487" title="Cychrus evae">
Cychrus evae

Cychrus evae is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Haeckel & Sehnal in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36626489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626489" title="Cychrus fedotovi">
Cychrus fedotovi

Cychrus fedotovi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Cavazzuti in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="36626492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626492" title="Cychrus furumii">
Cychrus furumii

Cychrus furumii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36626495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626495" title="Cychrus gorodinskii">
Cychrus gorodinskii

Cychrus gorodinskii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Cavazzuti in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="36626498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626498" title="HTC Center">
HTC Center

HTC Center, originally known as the Student Recreation and Convocation Center, is a 3,370-seat multi-purpose arena located on the campus of Coastal Carolina University in Conway, South Carolina. It is home to the Coastal Carolina University men's and women's basketball teams and the women's volleyball teams. The arena replaced Kimbel Arena as Coastal Carolina's basketball and volleyball home. On August 2, 2012, Horry Telephone Cooperative purchased the naming rights to the venue.
An earlier planned arena, named YRT2 Arena, was to have opened in 2008. It would have also been home to a future ECHL franchise, the Myrtle Beach Thunderboltz.
Both the men’s and women’s programs opened the facility with victories. The men defeated the University of Akron 74-70 in overtime on November 9, 2012. The women’s program followed with a 58-39 victory against North Carolina Central University on November 12, 2012.
Features.
The HTC Center features 3,212 seats – 662 chair-back seats on one side of the court behind the team benches, 814 bench-back seats on the other side, about 700 on each end (including one end reserved for students), 40 courtside seats, 35 each in two corner balcony sections that can be rented out each game as a package with catering and then additional seating in the spacious Chanticleer Athletic Foundation and president’s suites that run the length of one side.

</doc>
<doc id="36626499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626499" title="Alitet Nemtushkin">
Alitet Nemtushkin

Alitet Nikolaevich Nemtushkin (Irkutsk Oblast, Siberia 12th of November 1939 - 2006) was an Evenk-Russian poet known for writing in and about his Native Evenki language. He has received wide recognition in and outside of Russia, and his work is used by UNESCO to cultivate attention to the problem of Language Endangerment He has published more than 31 books of poetry, most of them in Russian, but some in Evenki.

</doc>
<doc id="36626500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626500" title="Kjell Mårtensson">
Kjell Mårtensson

Kjell Mårtensson is a Swedish former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36626503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626503" title="William Friend (disambiguation)">
William Friend (disambiguation)

William Friend is a bishop.
William Friend may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36626511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626511" title="6 Equulei">
6 Equulei

6 Equulei is an A-type main sequence star in the constellation of Equuleus with an apparent magnitude of 6.07.
6 Equulei is an optical double of Gamma Equulei, at a separation of 339.13 arcseconds. 6 Equulei is also known as Gamma Equulei D; however this doesn't mean it orbits Gamma Equulei A, B, C, as in Celestia it shows 6 Equulei is separated at about 0.18 light years from the Gamma Equulei triple star system.

</doc>
<doc id="36626514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626514" title="Lennart Larsson (Malmö FF footballer)">
Lennart Larsson (Malmö FF footballer)

Lennart Larsson is a Swedish former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36626523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626523" title="Elsie Uwamahoro">
Elsie Uwamahoro

Elsie Uwamahoro (born October 23, 1988) is a Burundian swimmer. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, and at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London and ranked 67 overall, which was not enough to get Uwamahoro to the semifinals. She also competed in the 50 m and 100 m freestyle events at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36626524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626524" title="Sven Rosén (footballer)">
Sven Rosén (footballer)

Sven Rosén is a Swedish former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36626525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626525" title="1975 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1975 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1975 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 8 teams. The national champions were Portuguesa.

</doc>
<doc id="36626538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626538" title="Gert-Inge Sigfridsson">
Gert-Inge Sigfridsson

Gert-Inge Sigfridsson is a Swedish former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36626555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626555" title="Jörgen Persson (footballer who played for Malmö FF in 1989)">
Jörgen Persson (footballer who played for Malmö FF in 1989)

Jörgen Persson is a Swedish former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36626559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626559" title="German submarine U-275">
German submarine U-275

German submarine "U-275" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 18 January 1942 at the "Bremer-Vulkan-Vegesacker Werft" (yard) in Bremen as 'werk' 40. She was launched on 8 October 1942 and commissioned on 25 November under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Helmut Bork.
In nine patrols, she sank two ships of . She was a member of four wolf packs.
She was sunk by a mine in the English Channel in March 1945.
Service history.
After training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla, the boat became operational on 1 June 1943 when she was transferred to the 3rd flotilla. 
"U-275" carried out a series of short voyages between Kiel in Germany and Bergen and Trondheim in Norway in August 1943.
1st patrol.
The boat's first patrol proper began when she departed Bergen on 24 September 1943. She entered the Atlantic Ocean after negotiating the gap between Iceland and the Faroe Islands. She was unsuccessfully attacked by a Lockheed Hudson southwest of Iceland. She reached La Pallice in occupied France on 28 October.
2nd patrol.
The boat's second foray was divided into a series of short bursts between La Pallice and Brest between November 1943 and April 1944. It was during one of these sallies that she sank the , an American destroyer, on 24 December 1943.
Another moment of drama came when the submarine was obliged to return to base on 3 January with the captain suffering from appendicitis.
3rd and 4th patrols.
Patrol number three was similarly short, starting and finishing in Brest on 20 and 23 May 1944.
Not long after D-Day (6 June 1944) on her fourth sortie, she was attacked by no less than 12 Hawker Typhoon strike attack aircraft of No. 263 Squadron RAF while leaving St. Peter Port, Guernsey on 14 June. No damage was caused to the submarine; the escorting vessels were not so lucky.
5th patrol.
While negotiating the relatively shallow waters of the English Channel, the submarine was discovered by an aircraft which vectored a hunter-killer group onto her. She then spent seven hours being chased before she shook off her pursuers.
The situation had become so dire that the boat was chased every time she raised her periscope. She eventually reached comparative safety in Boulogne on 2 August 1944.
The U-275 reached Boulogne in the night from 31 Juli on 1 August 1944.
6th patrol.
It was decided to send "U-275" back to Norwegian waters. She sailed westward, the 'long' way around the British Isles. She had almost reached Bergen on 18 September 1944, when she was attacked by a total of eight De Havilland Mosquitos. Two were armed with the "Tse tse" 6 pounder cannon, four more were equipped with depth charges, (they were all from 248 Squadron), while the last two, from 235 Squadron, were there as escorts.
The submarine grounded in water that was only about deep. She was strafed and bombed while half submerged. However, luck was on the U-boat's side; one cannon jammed and two bombs failed to release. A coastal battery also fired on the British aircraft, causing them to leave the scene of the attack. The U-boat, having suffered some damage, then made her way to her destination.
7th and 8th patrols.
These two patrols were relatively trouble-free, but the boat did return to the French Atlantic coast, docking at St. Nazaire on 10 February 1945.
9th patrol and loss.
Having departed St. Nazaire on 25 February 1945, she headed for the English Channel once more. On 8 March she sank the "Lonaston" northwest of Fécamp. On the 10th she struck a mine off Beachy Head and sank.
Forty-eight men died; there were no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="36626565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626565" title="Slate Political Gabfest">
Slate Political Gabfest

The Slate Political Gabfest (est. 2005) is an American podcast by "Slate" magazine that covers topics on current politics and issues. The shows are usually hosted by David Plotz. It is reportedly "Slate's" most popular podcast.
Podcast.
The show is usually hosted by "Slates" editor David Plotz with regular contributors Emily Bazelon and John Dickerson. It covers three political topics in the week's news. Each topic is discussed from various viewpoints, and the podcast runs about 40 minutes to an hour. Ads are incorporated into the show between topics when David or one of the other contributors will describe the product in a casual way, similar to the manner of early radio and television shows.
The group typically treats Dickerson as their expert on Washington politics and presidential campaigns. Bazelon is turned to for her legal expertise and for her experience reporting on online bullying and child sexual abuse.
Plotz, Bazelon, and Dickerson reportedly do not discuss topics before going live.
History.
The "Slate Political Gabfest" was launched in December 2005. Andy Bowers initially read articles from "Slate" for the podcast, but he said he was struck by how much he enjoyed the magazine's editorial meetings and thought that listeners would also enjoy the banter and analysis if he could capture it on audio. He provided Plotz, Bazelon and Dickerson with the basic structure of the gabfest and a small studio at "Slate's" Washington headquarters.
Reception.
The podcast is Slate's most popular podcast. As of February 2012, "Political Gabfest" has over 75,000 weekly listeners. A few fans reportedly drove hours or flew from several states away to attend live shows.
Chris Campling of "The Times" (London) named it his podcast of the week for February 2, 2008. In 2011, the entire "Slate" series of podcasts received an "Advertising Age" "Media Vanguard Award" for Digital Native/Best Podcast Series with a specific mention of the "Political Gabfest". In November 2012, the "Slate Political Gabfest" won iTunes informal Facebook poll for the best political podcast.

</doc>
<doc id="36626567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626567" title="Tore Sandell">
Tore Sandell

Tore Sandell was a Swedish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36626569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626569" title="Toverit Helsinki">
Toverit Helsinki

Toverit Helsinki (Finnish "Helsingin toverit", 'Comrades of Helsinki') was a sports club in Helsinki, Finland, which was founded in 1916. Its history apparently ended in 1962.
The club was most active in the neighbourhoods of Vallila and Hermanni. Its sports included football, ice hockey, boxing, orienteering and athletics.
The club won the Finnish championship in football in 1942, although a regular league type competition could not be played due to the war, and the whole competition consisted of two cup rounds with a total of three matches.
The club won bronze in football in 1934, 1935 and 1939.
Veikko Pakkanen and Viljo Huuska were among the sportsmen who founded the orienteering competition Jukola relay in 1948. The club was one of the organisers of the first two events in 1949 and 1950.
Beginning in 1923, the club participated in the pesäpallo (“Finnish baseball”) Finnish Championship Series, achieving a bronze in that season.
In the 1950s and 1960s the club was active in youth work in ski jumping in the Helsinki area.

</doc>
<doc id="36626571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626571" title="1976 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1976 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1976 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 8 teams. The national champions were Portuguesa.

</doc>
<doc id="36626579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626579" title="Gilchrist House (Cordova, Alabama)">
Gilchrist House (Cordova, Alabama)

The Gilchrist House was a historic farmhouse near Cordova in Walker County, Alabama. Built when Alabama was still a part of the Mississippi Territory, it was considered by architectural scholars as one of the oldest surviving houses in Alabama and the oldest structure in the central and western area of the state. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 24, 1972. It was destroyed by fire during the late 1990s, but the site remains listed on the National Register.
History.
The Gilchrist House was built by Edmon (also spelled Edmond, Edmund) Gilchrist, who migrated to Alabama from Edgefield, South Carolina. He first settled in Lowndes County, but relocated to Walker County and built the house in 1812 on land granted to him by the Federal government. The house was still owned by his descendants when it was listed on the National Register during the early 1970s.
Architecture.
The house was a two-story wooden timber frame structure, elevated on piers. The original portion was rectangular, with one upstairs room over one downstairs room. Bookend chimneys were present on each side of the two-story structure. A one-story side wing and a full-width porch were added in the late 1880s and early 1900s.

</doc>
<doc id="36626588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626588" title="Erik Svensson (Malmö FF footballer 1943–1944)">
Erik Svensson (Malmö FF footballer 1943–1944)

Erik Svensson was a Swedish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36626598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626598" title="Bernt Theorin">
Bernt Theorin

Bernt Theorin was a Swedish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36626601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626601" title="Mhasin Fadlalla">
Mhasin Fadlalla

Mhasin Fadlalla (born 1994) is a Sudanese swimmer. She was born in Khartoum. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36626602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626602" title="Minot Commercial Historic District">
Minot Commercial Historic District

The Minot Commercial Historic District is a historic district in Minot, North Dakota that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It includes Classical Revival, Early Commercial, and Late Victorian. The listing included 40 contributing buildings.
It includes an Italianate style Masonic Hall building, on Main Street, built in 1907, and a Sons of Norway building at the intersection of Broadway and Central that was built in 1915. The latter "is an eclectic mixture of Neo-Classical elements dominated by a central three-story facade with Renaissance Revival details."

</doc>
<doc id="36626605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626605" title="Trifolium alpinum">
Trifolium alpinum

Trifolium alpinum is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name alpine clover. It is native to the Alps.
This plant is a perennial herb with a large taproot which can be 1 metre long and 1 centimetre wide. The short stems bear ternate leaves divided into three leaflets each up to 5 cm long. The fragrant flowers are pink to light red, tinged with purple.
This plant grows at elevations between 1700 and 2500 m, sometimes up to 2800 m, in subalpine and alpine climates. It commonly grows on acidic soils.
In alpine regions this plant provides an important forage for livestock. It is also good for stabilizing sites of erosion at high elevations.

</doc>
<doc id="36626608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626608" title="Lars Persson">
Lars Persson

Lars Persson is a Swedish former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36626616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626616" title="Kjell Nilsson (footballer)">
Kjell Nilsson (footballer)

Kjell Nilsson is a Swedish former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36626619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626619" title="Robert Carlisle">
Robert Carlisle

Robert Carlisle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36626620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36626620" title="Henry de Maunsfeld">
Henry de Maunsfeld

Henry de Maunsfeld DD (also Henry Mansfield, Maunsfeild, Maunsfield, Maunnesfeld, Mammesfeld, or Maymysfeld; died 1328) was an English medieval theologian, philosopher, churchman, college fellow, and university chancellor.
Henry de Maunsfeld was educated at Oxford University and became a Fellow of Merton College, Oxford and he received a Doctor of Divinity degree. He published on theology and philosophy. Between 1309 to 1313, he was for two periods Chancellor of the University of Oxford. He was professor of theology and Rector of Flintham in Nottinghamshire. On 17 December 1314, he was elected Dean of Lincoln, a post he held from 1315 to 1328. In 1316, he became the prebend of Asgarby, Lincolnshire. In 1319, he was elected Bishop of Lincoln, but he did not take up the position. In 1324, he was Canon of Carlisle and he died in 1328.

</doc>
