<doc id="36863709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863709" title="Frank W. Wadsworth">
Frank W. Wadsworth

Frank W. Wadsworth (June 14, 1919 – August 9, 2012) was an American Shakespearean scholar, author, and sportsman.
Life.
He was born in New York City, the son of Prescott Kingsley Wadsworth and Elizabeth Browning (Whittemore) Wadsworth. He graduated from the Kent School in 1938 and served as a naval aviator in WWII. After the war he completed his A.B. degree at Princeton University, as well as his M.A. and Ph.D. He served on the faculty teaching English literature at the University of California, Los Angeles; the University of Pittsburgh, and was a founder and Vice President for Academic Affairs for Purchase College. He also served as a member of the Selection Committee for The Woodrow Wilson National Fellowship Foundation; and as a member of the Advisory Council, Department of English Princeton University. 
He was named a John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation Fellow in 1961, and was the recipient of numerous academic awards and honors, including a Woodrow Wilson Fellowship, Folger Shakespeare Library Fellow, and honorary Phi Beta Kappa.
Wadsworth was a trustee of the Wenner-Gren Foundation for Anthropological Research from 1970 to 2006, an organization supporting anthropological research, and served as Chairman of the Board from 1977 to 1987. In recognition of his commitment to the scholarly integrity of anthropology, the Foundation renamed the Professional Development International Fellowship the Wadsworth Fellowship Program. 
His hobbies included horseback riding and sailing. He is buried in Arlington, Vermont.
Family.
He married Roxalene Nevins, with whom he had two daughters. She died in 1979, and Wadsworth then married Deborah Yohalem.
"The Poacher from Stratford".
Wadsworth was probably best known to the public for his "The Poacher from Stratford" (1958), a popular defense of Shakespeare’s authorship and the first such book written by an academic Shakespearean scholar. He thought that Shakespeare scholars should not dismiss the claims of those who believe that someone other than Shakespeare wrote the canon, and that treating the subject with silence worked instead to encourage rather than discourage such theories. Thirty-five years later he reviewed the field in an article published in the "Shakespeare Newsletter", "The Poacher Re-Visited," in which he wrote:
It is important that we recognize the iconoclasts, particularly those of us who are teachers. But as Shakespeareans … we should not do it by visiting upon them the disdain of the past but by letting them speak freely for themselves … Our role should be not to suppress debate but to instruct students how to consider the Oxfordians’ (and others’) arguments carefully and thoughtfully. That exercise will make students not just more responsible as far as Shakespeare is concerned, but also wiser, more critical, more judicial, in dealing with the complex challenges they will face in the difficult decades which lie ahead of them.
We demystify authorship controversies, assassination conspiracies, theories of extra-terrestrial shindigs, even painful social demands, by letting their proponents speak out, not by censoring them. At least that’s what I thought when I wrote "The Poacher from Stratford". And still do.
References.
Frank Wadsworth. Obituary. "The New York Times", 15 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36863739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863739" title="Barbara Justice">
Barbara Justice

Barbara J. Justice is a forensic and clinical psychiatrist as well as a surgical oncologist. The first African-American woman to be trained in general surgery at Columbia University Medical Center in New York, she is well known for her long-running New York radio show, "Medical View and You," and was honored in 1996 when Mayor David Dinkins proclaimed a citywide "Barbara Justice Day" for her contribution to the health of the community. Outspoken in her support of HIV treatment and intervention, Dr. Justice was one of the few physicians who treated HIV when it first appeared, and has lectured internationally on this subject. She is a well-known expert in psychotherapy as well as pharmacology.
Education and Training.
Justice received a BA form the City University of New York, and did Post BA/ Pre Med studies at both Columbia University and Connecticut College. Upon attaining her MD from Howard University College of Medicine in Washington DC in 1977, she had an interest in pursuing both surgery and psychiatry, and intended to eventually practice both. Starting with surgery, she completed fellowships in both Surgical Oncology and Endoscopy at Columbia University Medical Center. Sixteen years later, she completed a residency in psychiatry at Columbia, while concurrently studying psychotherapy at the Institute for Psychoanalytic Education in New York. For coursework in forensic psychiatry, she completed a fellowship at the University of California, Los Angeles. Justice is certified by the American Board of Psychiatry & Neurology and as a Qualified Medical Examiner (Q.M.E.)
Career.
Justice practiced oncological surgery for 16 years in New York City and became well known as the host of "Medical View and You", a live call-in show on health issues for WLIB, New York. Evaluating patients for potential surgery, she began to see signs of the AIDS virus in a significant number of men. She became one of the few physicians treating AIDS at the onset of its outbreak, and searching for answers, was involved with administering clinical trials for the National Institute of Health as well as the Kenya Medical Research Institute, which she represented in the US. Justice has lectured internationally about HIV and intervention.
She has treated such celebrities as Stokely Carmichael, who she diagnosed with cancer, and was the attending physician at Tupac Shakur’s first shooting.
Transitioning to psychiatry, Justice saw the need to strengthen the small community of African-American forensic psychiatrists by joining it. She also became one of a small group of women entering this field. She moved to Los Angeles in 2005 to do a fellowship in forensic psychiatry at UCLA, and then stayed in California. She evaluates patients referred by the court at the Metropolitan State Hospital in Norwalk, treats them, and testifies at trial about their competency. Part of her case load comes from Glaser Forensic Group, a leading provider of forensic psychiatric and psychological services in Southern California where Justice serves on the evaluating team. In her private practice, with offices in both Whittier and Burbank, Justice provides psychopharmacological and psychodynamic psychotherapy treatment for adults, children and adolescents.
Honors and Awards.
American Psychiatric Association, Minority Fellowship Cultural Research in Psychiatry, 
2002
Lectures and Presentations.
"Electroconvulsive Therapy: Torture or Relief?"
Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles Department 95 
May 2009 
"The Involuntary Administration of Psychotropic Medication; Landmark Cases and Penal Codes"
Department of Forensic Psychiatry,
Metropolitan State Hospital
Norwalk, CA
November 2008 
"Innovative Forensic Teaching Techniques"
American Academy of Psychiatry and the Law 
Seattle, WA
October 2008 
"Sex, Insanity, Competency and Dangerousness: Forensic Psychiatry Landmark Cases 
American Academy of Forensic Sciences, Washington, DC
February 2008
"Pseudocyesis and Violence/Homicide"
UCLA/Sepulveda Forensic Psychiatry Program
University of California Los Angeles 
June 2006
"eriaeDementia Pugilistica Review and Update" 
Harlem Hospital Department of Geriatric Care, 
Harlem NY 
May 2005
"Recovery of the Impaired Professional"
Harlem Hospital Center, General Psychiatry Department
January 2005
"Dual Diagnosis"
Harlem Hospital Center Department Wide< Conference
February 2003
"Cultural Psychiatry, Community Effect"
Harlem Hospital Center, General Psychiatry Department
February 2003

</doc>
<doc id="36863754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863754" title="Metro (Dutch newspaper)">
Metro (Dutch newspaper)

Metro is a free Dutch newspaper, distributed daily since 1999, mostly to commuters in high-traffic areas. Formerly owned by Metro International, in August 2012 the paper was taken over by the Telegraaf Media Group (TGM), which also owns the only other free Dutch newspaper, "Spits".
History.
"Metro" follows the format of other free newspapers by Metro International, the first one of which appeared in Stockholm in 1995. The Dutch "Metro" was the fourth of those, and first appeared on 21 June 1999; it is published five days a week, and for a brief period had a Saturday edition as well. Separate editions for Rotterdam and Amsterdam appeared in October 2004 and April 2005. The business model is the same as that of the other Metro International publications: news is reported in a relatively brief fashion, all income is derived from advertisements, and the papers are distributed mainly in train stations, besides in supermarkets, shopping malls, universities, and parking garages. In 2004 it began distribution in post offices and McDonalds restaurants.
The first editor in chief was Jelle Leenes, who was succeeded in 2002 by Jan Dijkgraaf. From 2006 to 2008 the paper was led by Rutger Huizenga, and since 2008 by Robert van Brandwijk, former editor of the "Algemeen Dagblad".
Until his death in 2004, Theo van Gogh wrote a daily column in "Metro", which was regularly criticized for its commentary on, among others, Muslims (he famously referred to Muslims as "goat fuckers" in his "Metro" column) and Christians. His successor is Ebru Umar, a Dutch writer of Turkish descent.
Takeover.
The acquisition by TGM was prompted, according to Per Mikael Jensen, owner of Metro International, by a decrease in advertisement revenue. The paper's circulation had already been lowered by four percent to 463 thousand in the first quarter of 2012, and personnel cuts were expected following the takeover. TMG announced that it looked to save money by combining printing and distribution. According to TMG's Herman van Campenhout, that the two are owned by the same company will increase the difference between them. "Metro" is the country's second-largest newspaper; combined, the two papers have an estimated readership of 2.3 million, according to TMG.

</doc>
<doc id="36863762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863762" title="PROPARCO">
PROPARCO

PROPARCO is a Development Financial Institution partly owned by Agence Française de Développement (AFD) and private shareholders from the developed countries and developing nations, according to its website. PROPARCO promotes private investment in developing countries to reach the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs). PROPARCO finances operations which are economically viable, financially profitable, environmentally sustainable and socially equitable. , its shareholders' capital exceeded €420 million (US$526 million).
Shareholders.
The shareholding in PROPARCO is as depicted in the table below:

</doc>
<doc id="36863783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863783" title="Sidney Peter Dutchak">
Sidney Peter Dutchak

Sidney Peter "Sid" Dutchak (b. August 7, 1950) is a lawyer, consultant and former political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada. He represented Prince Albert-Duck Lake from 1983 to 1987 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Progressive Conservative.
He was born in Blaine Lake, Saskatchewan, the son of Peter Dutchak and Susan Boulanoff, and was educated there and at the University of Saskatchewan. In 1973, Dutchak married Gerri Gail Epp. He served in the Saskatchewan cabinet as a minister without portfolio, as Minister of Justice and Attorney General and as Minister of Native and Northern Affairs. After leaving politics, he was named the head of the Saskatchewan Housing Corporation. From 2001 to 2007, Dutchak was president of Cordy Oilfield Services Inc. He then served as president and Chief Executive Officer of Golconda Resources Ltd. from 2008 to 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36863803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863803" title="Joe Perry (politician)">
Joe Perry (politician)

Joseph 'Joe' C. Perry is an American politician from Maine. Perry, a Democrat, served in the Maine Senate from District 32, which included his hometown of Bangor and Hermon. He was first elected to the Senate in 2004 after serving from 8 years (1996-2004) in the Maine House of Representatives representing part of Bangor. He defeated incumbent Republican Senator Tom Sawyer by 280 votes.
In the 124th legislature (2008-2010), Perry served as Senate Chair of the Joint Standing Committee on Taxation.
In 2010, Perry sought re-election to represent District 32. However, he was defeated with 42% of the vote in a two-way race to Republican Nichi Farnham.
He attended the University of Maine at Orono from 1984-1988.

</doc>
<doc id="36863818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863818" title="Charles Beverly">
Charles Beverly

Charles "Hooks" Beverly (January 6, 1899 – March, 1981) was an African-American baseball pitcher in the Negro Leagues. He played from 1925 to 1936 with several teams. 

</doc>
<doc id="36863826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863826" title="Ter Worm Castle">
Ter Worm Castle

Ter Worm" or "Terworm Castle (Dutch:"Kasteel Terworm") is a castle located in the municipality of Heerlen, Limburg Province, Netherlands. The castle is part of the Terworm estate.
Description of the castle.
The present building dates largely from the 17th century when the original 15th-century fortified building was converted into a house. It comprises two wings in a T-shaped floor plan surrounded by a moat. The main building is accessible at the front via a marl stone bridge dating from 1843 leading to the main entrance. Between the two wings is a corner tower, which is the oldest part of the castle dating back to the 15th century. Originally round, the tower was converted to an octagonal in the 17th century . The west wing can be dated to 1716, while the south wing has a keystone with the year 1718.
The castle garden is a reconstruction based on a French rococo garden laid out by Count Vincent van der Heyden-Belderbusch in 1787 with roses, lavender and boxwood. The garden is a favourite wedding location and admission is free.
History.
The castle has existed since the 14th century and has been inhabited by several noble families. Originally it was a square building, fronted by a round tower and a rectangular tower and built around a walled courtyard. The first known owner was the Lord of Strijthagen in 1476, when the castle was a moated building fortified by external walls outside the moat. In 1498 the castle came into possession of the sheriff of Heerlen, Diederick van Pallandt. In 1542, the castle came into the possession of the Van Hallen family, and was destroyed by fire in 1550 but rebuilt in the same style. The rebuilding, completed by the Wijlre family, was done in brick and the building was painted white to disguise the difference in building materials. The castle remained in this family's possession until 1738, when Friedrich Wilhelm Freiherr von Wylre, canon of Aachen, died. His possessions passed to Phillip Anton van der Heyden zu Belderbusch.
In 1767 the castle was restored by Count Maximilian van der Heyden-Belderbusch and the gardens laid out in the French rococo style. In 1840 the castle was inherited by Antoinette von Böselager, who was married to Baron Otto Napoleon Loë-d'Imstenraedt. After her death, the castle came into possession of the baron. His family extended the estate by purchasing many neighbouring farms.
In the late 19th Century the castle and the estate acquired its present appearance thanks to Baron François de Loë, who remodelled it in a neo-Gothic style to the plans of Lambert de Fisenne. Throughout most of the 20th century, the castle and its estate were in the hands of the Orange-Nassau mine, and the castle housed some of their staff. In the castle grounds at that time was a large outdoor swimming pool, in which whole generations of the people of Heerlen learned to swim. After the closure of the mine the government suggested that a major theme park should be founded on the estate, an idea squashed by the people of Heerlen after a large-scale and widely supported protest. In the last decades of the twentieth century the castle became very run down until it was bought by the Van der Valk hotel chain, who restored it in 1997-1999. It is a now a hotel and restaurant.
"This article was translated from the article" Kasteel Ter Worm, "originally written in Dutch".

</doc>
<doc id="36863830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863830" title="Manifest (transportation)">
Manifest (transportation)

A manifest or ship's manifest is a document listing the cargo, passengers, and crew of a ship, aircraft, or vehicle, for the use of customs and other officials. Where such a list is limited to identifying passengers, it is a passenger manifest or passenger list; conversely, such a list limited to identifying cargo is a cargo manifest or cargo list. The manifest may be used by people having an interest in the transport to ensure that passengers and cargo listed as having been placed on board the transport at the beginning of its passage continue to be on board when it arrives at its destination.
Uses.
Customs & Excise.
The customs authorities may require cargo carrying vessels or vehicles to provide information on the manifest such as its consignor, consignee, quantity of goods, origin, destination and value.
Archaeology.
Manifests can be useful tools for archaeology. For example, researchers used old ship's manifests to recreate the available amenities in their restoration of the historic Custom House Plaza in Monterey, California, which was built in 1821 and remains the oldest public building in California.

</doc>
<doc id="36863889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863889" title="Tenzing Sonam">
Tenzing Sonam

Tenzing Sonam (born 16 January 1959) is a Tibetan film director, writer and essayist. He works through his production company, White Crane Films, which he runs with his partner, Ritu Sarin.
Biography.
Sonam was born in Darjeeling to Tibetan refugee parents. His father, Lhamo Tsering, who was born in the Kumbum area of Amdo (Chinese: Qinghai Province), served as Chief of Operations for the Tibetan resistance movement from the late 50s until the early 70s, and later, as a Minister in the Dalai Lama’s government-in-exile. His mother, Tashi Dolma, was from a village near Lhasa in central Tibet.
Sonam studied at the Jesuit boarding school, St Joseph’s College, in Darjeeling. He did his undergraduate studies at St Stephens College, Delhi University. After a year each at Scottsdale Community College in Arizona and Santa Monica College in California, he went to the University of California, Berkeley’s Graduate School of Journalism where he specialised in documentary filmmaking.
After his graduation from Delhi University in 1978, Sonam worked for a year in the Security Department of the Tibetan government-in-exile in Dharamshala. He then worked as a dishwasher in Manhattan, a gardener in Scottsdale and a janitor in Berkeley. He was the manager of Del Rey Car Wash in Marina del Rey, California, for a year. After graduating from Berkeley, he worked for four years as Programming Director at the Meridian Trust in London, along with his partner Ritu Sarin. In 1991, he and Sarin founded White Crane Films. He has been an independent filmmaker ever since.
Writing.
In addition to his role as a filmmaker, Sonam is an essayist and a writer. In 1979, along with the late writer, K. Dhondup, the scholar Tashi Tsering, Thupten Samphel, Kesang Tenzin and Gyalpo Tsering, he founded the pioneering English-language Tibetan poetry journal, Lotus Fields. He wrote the script for the feature film, Dreaming Lhasa. His writings have been published in Civil Lines, The Hindu, Time magazine, and Himal Southasian. His travel piece, A Stranger in My Native Land, was published in Written Forever: The Best Of Civil Lines. 
Personal life.
Sonam and Sarin are married and have two children. In 1996, they moved to Dharamshala, the exile home of the 14th Dalai Lama and the epicentre of the Tibetan diaspora, to raise their children. They have been based there ever since.
Filmography.
Sonam's first film was the student film, Mark Pauline: Mysteries of a Mechanical Mind (1984), which he co-directed with fellow Berkeley classmates, Steve Evans and John Sergeant. A portrait of maverick Bay Area artist Mark Pauline, the film won Third Place at the 1984 Student Emmys. Since then, all his film have been made in partnership with Ritu Sarin. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="36863895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863895" title="Rancho Sierra Vista">
Rancho Sierra Vista

Rancho Sierra Vista is one of the last intact ranches from the first half of the twentieth century in the Santa Monica Mountains. The majority of the landscape is much as it was 100 years ago. The area is now owned by the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area, a unit of the National Park Service.
Pre-ranching period, 1769–1802.
The first European land exploration of the area was the Portola Expedition of 1769-70. The horsemen portrayed in the Saddle Rock Ranch Pictographs in the heart of the Santa Monica Mountains are considered to be a representation of Portola's exploring party, and have been determined to be eligible as a National Historic Landmark. The expeditions led by Juan Bautista de Anza also travelled through the area, first in 1774 and then again in 1776. The Juan Bautista de Anza National Historic Trail passes through Rancho Sierra Vista.
Rancho period, 1802–1870s.
Rancho Las Virgenes, 1802.
Rancho Las Virgenes was a 17,760 acre land grant given to Miguel Ortega but was abandoned after his death in 1809. Nemecio Domínguez and Domingo Carrillo received a Mexican grant in 1834. The lands of the Rancho Las Vírgenes included present day Agoura Hills, Oak Park, and Westlake Village and part of the Santa Monica Mountains.
Lindero Canyon marked the boundary between this ranch and Rancho El Conejo. "Lindero" means "border" in Spanish. Medea Creek, a tributary of Malibu Creek, flows through the center of old Rancho Las Virgenes. "Medea" is an anglicazation of the Spanish word "medio" meaning "middle".
Rancho El Conejo, 1803.
Local ranching history in the western Santa Monica Mountains began in 1803 when former soldiers Jose Polanco and Ignacio Rodriquez were granted Rancho El Conejo by the King of Spain.
Rancho Guadalasca, 1836.
Rancho Guadalasca was a 30,594 acre Mexican land grant given in 1836 by Governor Mariano Chico to Ysabel Yorba.
The Rancho Guadalasca portion of the area now know as Rancho Sierra Vista was sold in 1871 by Ysabel Yorba. The southern part of the rancho was purchased by William Richard Broome in 1871. His son, Thornhill Francis Broome, is the namesake for Thornhill Broome Beach in Point Mugu State Park.
Beal period, 1936–1946.
Wealthy petroleum geologist Carl Beal purchased the northern section of the old rancho in 1936 and christened the area Rancho Sierra Vista, meaning Mountain View Ranch in Spanish. Beal constructed most of the current ranch buildings and his house and barbecue pit in Sycamore Canyon in what is now Point Mugu State Park.
Beal explored the ranch for water and developed a system of dams, wells, springs, and reservoirs that provided the water for a variety of agricultural products and horses. He was the person responsible for building 25 miles of roads and 18 wells feeding the 14 miles of steel pipe that is seen alongside today's trails. Water for his avocados was brought in by pipe from a spring at Boney Mountain. Near this spring was a cabin. Beal was probably not the person who built the cabin, but he and his son used it as their hunting cabin. It has since been destroyed by fire and only the foundation and chimney remain.
The Beals were well known for hosting parties and barbebues at Rancho Sierra Vista which often included riding and other sports.
The Beals also reported having problems with escaped patients from the nearby Camarillo State Hospital. In 1940 Carl Beal reported that escapees found on his ranch had threatened to kill him and had started wildfires.
Danielson period, 1947–1980.
In 1947 Richard E. Danielson (1915-1988) purchased 7,793 acres of Rancho Sierra Vista from the estate of Carlton Beal, the son of Carl Beal. Danielson was the grandson of the founder of International Harvester and had inherited a substantial fortune. He and his family lived primarily in Los Angeles and visited Rancho Sierra Vista only occasionally, for weekends or holidays. Danielson is responsible for completing the ranch house, including the swimming pool, and paving the road. Danielson is reputed to have been a staunch advocate of water conservation and rural land preservation. He built a dam on the property to conserve water which was used to irrigate lemon groves, and became the largest individual lemon grower in California. He also raised cattle and quarter horses.
Danielson is reported to have "preserved the early Spanish atmosphere Rancho Sierra Vista by employing true Mexican vaqueros to handle their large herd of Hereford Cattle." 
Between 1972 and 1973 Danielson donated 5,585 acres of his ranch to the state of California which became Point Mugu State Park. In 1980 Danielson sold 850 acres containing the horse ranch to the National Park Service. It became one of the first acquisition of the newly created Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area. Danielson died December 27, 1988 and was buried near the cabin site. Plots are reserved there for the rest of his family. The "Peace, Love and Joy" artwork marks the location.
NPS period, 1980–present.
The Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area purchased the area in 1980. The site is now home to a native plant nursery, the park's horse stable, and the Satwiwa Native American Indian Culture Center. It is also a popular starting point for hikers, equestrians, and mountain bikers exploring Point Mugu State Park and Boney Mountain. The Wendy Drive Trailhead can also be used to access Rancho Sierra Vista, Point Mugu State Park, as well as the 25 miles of the Los Robles Trail system, which is administered by the Conejo Open Space Conservation Agency.
In the 1980s to 1994, Moorpark College used Rancho Sierra Vista for their equestrian program, stabling and training over 40 horses on site.
According to the National Parks Conservation Association, "the majority of the barns, equipment sheds, wells, and staff residences from this period (1936-1946) remain, making Rancho Sierra Vista historically significant as one of the last intact 20th-century ranches in the Santa Monica Mountains." Moreover, the site is eligible for entry in the National Register of Historic Places, but as of 2008 has not yet been nominated.
A restoration project to bring back critical habitat for birds and other animals had already been started when in May 2013, the Springs Fire burned nearly 70 percent of Rancho Sierra Vista. From January to March 2014, a team of volunteers planting 24,000 plants to help restore the area with native plants such as coast live oak trees and flowering purple sage. By restoring the plant community that existed before ranching practices changed the area, they expect the area to be less prone to wildfires.

</doc>
<doc id="36863908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863908" title="Den Ham, Zuidhorn">
Den Ham, Zuidhorn

Den Ham is a linear village in the municipality Zuidhorn in the province Groningen. The village lies on the road from Aduard to Saaksum. 

</doc>
<doc id="36863913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863913" title="Judy Murray">
Judy Murray

Judith "Judy" Murray (née Erskine; born 8 September 1959) is a Scottish tennis coach and current captain of the British Fed Cup team. She is also the mother of professional tennis players, Jamie and Andy Murray. 
Murray was born in Bridge of Allan, Scotland, the daughter of Roy Erskine, an optician and former footballer who had played for Stirling Albion in the 1950s, and his wife, Eileen Shirley (née Edney). She says that growing up, there were no indoor courts in Scotland, so she played tennis in the summer and badminton in the winter. She won 64 titles in Scotland during her junior and senior career, but when she toured internationally she says she was out-matched by players in stronger programs. She thus decided to go to university instead of competing herself. She began coaching and was the initial coach for both her sons before handing over the reins as their professional careers bloomed. Interestingly, Andy Murray switched back to a female coach in 2014, and Amélie Mauresmo became the first female coach of a British number one male player.
Aside from her own sons, she has coached multiple players at regional and national level under the auspices of the British tennis governing body, the Lawn Tennis Association (LTA). In December 2011 she was elected to lead the British Fed cup team as their captain. She says she took the job in part to raise the profile of female coaches and alleviate some of the sexism that she says remains in the sport.
Murray was awarded an honorary Doctorate by the University of Edinburgh on 8th October 2013. She had previously graduated in French and Business at the University in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="36863927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863927" title="Molly Caldwell Crosby">
Molly Caldwell Crosby

Molly Caldwell Crosby (born in 1972 in Dallas, Texas) is a journalist and author of three literary nonfiction books: "The American Plague", "Asleep", and "The Great Pearl Heist". 
Crosby received her BA from Rhodes College in Memphis, Tennessee, and her MFA from Johns Hopkins University’s Zanvyl Krieger School of Arts and Sciences. She has worked for "National Geographic" magazine, as well as a freelance journalist. She lives in Memphis with her husband, Andrew Crosby, and their two daughters.
Works.
"The American Plague: The Untold Story of Yellow Fever, the Epidemic that Shaped Our History" (Berkley Books, Penguin, USA, 2006) is a national bestseller and was called a “first-rate medical detective drama” by the "New York Times" Sunday Book Review and “gripping” by "Newsweek". It was chosen as a "New York Times" editor’s pick and a Book Sense pick. The book is the narrative account of a disease that once ravaged cities like New York, Philadelphia, and New Orleans culminating in the devastating 1878 yellow fever epidemic in Memphis, Tennessee—the worst urban disaster of its time. The book also chronicles the controversial human experimentation conducted by Walter Reed and his team of army physicians in Cuba in 1900, which eventually led to the conquering of the disease known as “the American Plague.”
"Asleep: The Forgotten Epidemic that Remains One of Medicine’s Greatest Mysteries" (Berkley Books, Penguin, USA, 2010). Dr. Oliver Sacks, author of "Awakenings", called the book a “brilliant and deeply moving account.” It was chosen as an April 2010 pick for "Scientific American" magazine and a May 2010 pick for Discover magazine. Also a narrative nonfiction account, it tells the story of the mysterious 1920s epidemic of encephalitis lethargica or Von Economo’s encephalitis, popularly known as sleeping sickness. The pandemic affected as many as 5 million people and remains a mystery today, but current research is focusing on its connection to the 1918 influenza pandemic or its role as an immune response to strep throat. Crosby’s own grandmother was a survivor of the epidemic in Dallas, Texas.
"The Great Pearl Heist: London’s Greatest Thief and Scotland Yard’s Hunt for the World’s Most Valuable Necklace" (Berkley Books, Penguin, USA, 2012) tells the true story of a strand of pearls—worth twice the amount of the Hope Diamond—that disappeared in transit between Paris and Hatton Garden, London, in 1913. Set against the backdrop of Edwardian London, the book follows the psychological cat and mouse game between a Scotland Yard detective and the wily, gentleman thief responsible for the heist. The book was chosen as an Indie Next List pick for December 2012, a Barnes and Noble Best Book of the Month pick, Booklist gave it a starred review, and Publishers Weekly described it as a “winning true crime tale.” Candice Millard, author of ""River of Doubt" and "Destiny of the Republic", called it, “the thrilling story of a seemingly impossible theft…Crosby has written a book that is as enchanting and irresistible as its subject.” And Jeffrey Jackson, author of "Paris Under Water", said, “Crosby tells a fascinating story rooted in such deep historical research that we can practically watch the drama unfold in real time…as the clouds of war gathered across the continent, the struggle between thieves and the legal system symbolized the larger strains of holding European society together at the beginning of the twentieth century.”
Awards and Appearances.
Crosby was nominated for the Barnes and Noble "Discover Great New Writers Award", Borders "Original Voices Award", and the "Southern Independent Booksellers" Award in 2006. In 2008, she received the Cynthia Pitcock History Award from St. Mary’s School in Memphis, and in 2011, she was given the Germantown Arts Alliance medal for literary arts. She has served as a visiting professor in the Master of Arts program at the University of Memphis and has appeared on C-SPAN Book TV, PBS, The Diane Rehm Show, NPR’s "Morning Edition", John Seigenthaler’s "A Word on Words", and Bloomberg radio, as well as giving book talks at the U.S. Department of Interior, St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital, the University of Tennessee Medical School, the University of Memphis, and Teach for America.

</doc>
<doc id="36863934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863934" title="Elvira Abdić-Jelenović">
Elvira Abdić-Jelenović

Elvira Abdić-Jelenović (born 7 September 1967) is a Bosnian politician and member of the Democratic People's Union. Although an ethnic Bosniak, she was elected to represent Bosnian Croats in the House of Peoples of the Parliament of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Biography.
Abdić Jelenović was born in Karlovac in present-day Croatia. She is a daughter of prominent Bosnian politician Fikret Abdić. Abdić Jelenović studied at the Faculty of Civil Engineering at the University of Sarajevo. In 2006 she was elected to the Federal Parliament as a Croat representative in the House of Peoples.

</doc>
<doc id="36863935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863935" title="Batagund">
Batagund

Batagund krandigam is a village in the district of Anantnag in Jammu & Kashmir. Its post office is at Bijbehara and the nearest medical center is at Veeri. As of 2012, its population was approximately 150.
There is a high school located in this village.

</doc>
<doc id="36863950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863950" title="Partick Thistle F.C. in European football">
Partick Thistle F.C. in European football

Partick Thistle Football Club is a Scottish association football club based in the Maryhill area of Glasgow. The club first competed in a European competition in 1963–64, qualifying for the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup following a third place finish in the Scottish First Division. The club reached the second round, which remains the club's joint best run in a European competition.
History.
1963–64 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup.
Partick Thistle's début in European football came in 1963–64 when they qualified for the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup after finishing third in the Scottish First Division behind Rangers and Kilmarnock respectively. Their first round opponents were Glentoran from Northern Ireland. Thistle won the away leg in Belfast 4–1. In the second leg at home they produced a 3–0 victory to progress to the next round comfortably 7–1 on aggregate. In the second round they faced Czechoslovakian club Spartak Brno. The first leg was played at home at Thistle won the tie 3–2. However, on the away leg Spartak Brno produced a convincing 4–0 victory to knock out Partick Thistle 6–3 on aggregate.
1972–73 UEFA Cup.
Thistle qualified for the UEFA Cup for the first and only time in 1972–73 having defeated Celtic in the final of the Scottish League Cup the previous season. They faced Budapest Honvéd of Hungary in the first round. In the first leg of the tie Thistle lost 1–0 at Bozsik Stadion in Budapest. In the return leg at Firhill they were also beaten, this time 3–0 to exit the tournament 4–0 on aggregate. Each team played each other once, either home or away. Thistle's first match was against LASK Linz in Austria which ended in a 2–2 draw. Their next game was against Icelandic side Keflavík at home in Glasgow ending in a 3–1 victory. Thistle then faced French club Metz away from home which resulted in a narrow 1–0 defeat. Their final match was against NK Zagreb of Croatia at home narrowly losing 2–1. Thistle finished fourth overall in Group 6 which wasn't enough to qualify for the next round. Metz progressed to the knock-out stages after finishing top of the group with maximum points having won all their matches.

</doc>
<doc id="36863955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863955" title="Robert F. Inger">
Robert F. Inger

Robert Frederick Inger (10 September 1920 in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American herpetologist.
Family.
Robert Inger is the son of Jacob Inger and Anna Bourd. In 1946 he married Mary Lee Ballew who died of cancer in 1985. In 1991 he married Tan Fui Lian.
Education.
Inger's high school biology teacher was Julian Steyermark who became Curator of Botany at the Field Museum. Steyermark was the role model that led Inger to the Field Museum to volunteer where he was interviewed by Karl P. Schmidt, Dwight Davis, and Clifford Pope. As a result of this volunteer work, Inger had authored or coauthored five publications before graduating from high school. In 1942, Inger received a Bachelor of Science from the University of Chicago. After first being turned down due to poor eyesight, he was drafted into the Army Corps of Engineers and placed in a unit of General Patton's Army in France and Germany making maps from the ground. He was discharged in 1945 near St. Louis. Inger returned to the University of Chicago for graduate work with his principal mentor being Karl P. Schmidt who suggested that he do his dissertation on the systematics and zoogeography of the Philippine Amphibia (Inger, 1954), using the
extensive collection at the Field Museum.
Career.
Inger's herpetology career began with volunteer work at the Field Museum where he was eventually hired as Assistant Curator of Fishes in 1949. He then succeeded Clifford Pope as Curator of Amphibians and Reptiles in 1954. He retired from this position in September 1994, however he continues lab and field work in the museum as Curator Emeritus.
Inger served as president of the Society of Systematic Zoology in 1971, president of American Society of Icthyology and Herpetology in 1974, and president of the Herpetologists' League in 1982-1983. He was an editor for Evolution and the American Midland Naturalist and a sectional editor (herpetology) for Copeia. He has also served on the board of the Illinois Chapter of The Nature Conservancy. In January 2007 Yang di-Pertua Negeri Tun Abang Muhammad Salahuddin Abang Barieng conferred on Inger the honorary Panglima Setia Bintang Sarawak (PSBS), which carries the title Datuk. This honor was conferred in recognition of Inger's 50 years of field work in Borneo describing, cataloguing and publishing on the taxonomy and ecology of herpetofauna in Sarawak.
Taxa.
Taxa named for Robert F. Inger.
Over 40 species are named in his honor.
Amphibians
Fishes
Species described by Robert F. Inger.
Over 75 species have been described by him.
Publications.
He has written 8 books and more than 130 peer-reviewed articles.

</doc>
<doc id="36863990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863990" title="Officialese">
Officialese

Officialese or bureaucratese is a derogatory term for language that sounds official. It is the "language of officialdom". Officialese is characterized by a preference for wordy, long sentences; a preference for complex words, code words or buzzwords over simple, traditional ones; a preference for vagueness over directness and a preference for passive over active voice (some of those elements may, however, vary between different times and languages). The history of officialese can be traced to the history of officialdom, as far back as the eldest human civilizations and their surviving official writings.
Officialese is meant to impress the listener (or reader) and increase the authority (more than the social status) of the user, making him or her appear more professional. Ernest Gowers noted that officialese also allows the user to remain vague. It can be used to make oneself understood to insiders while being hard to decipher by those unfamiliar with the jargon and subtexts used. Its use is known to put off members of the general public and reduce their interest in the material presented. Officialese has been criticized as making one's speech or prose "stilted, convoluted, and sometimes even indecipherable" and simply as the "cancer of language". It is thus more pejoratively classified as one of the types of gobbledygook. Its use can also result in unintended humorous incidents, and has been often satirized.
Several similar concepts to officialese exist, including "genteelism", "commercialese", "academese" and "journalese". The existence of officialese has been recognized by a number of organizations, which have made attempts to curtail its use (see Plain Language Movement).

</doc>
<doc id="36863999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863999" title="Corrupting Dr. Nice">
Corrupting Dr. Nice

Corrupting Dr. Nice is a science fiction novel by John Kessel, published in 1997. It is a time travel novel modeled on the screwball comedies of the 1930s.
The story follows the rich and klutzy Owen Vannice ("Dr. Nice") as he exports a dinosaur from the Cretaceous Period. On the way to the twenty-first century, he is stranded in Jerusalem in 40 AD, where he and Genevieve Faison fall in love. However, he leaves her after discovering that she and her father are con artists. She takes revenge by impersonating a representative of the Committee to Protect the Past, marrying him and then pulling a series of surprises that leave him feeling betrayed. He realizes that he still loves the Genevieve he met in Jerusalem; they both return there and are reconciled. Meanwhile the Zealot Simon is involved in a failed attempt to take over the time travel station in Jerusalem. He stands trial and is acquitted after a courtroom face-off between Abraham Lincoln and Jesus Christ.
"Corrupting Dr. Nice" was nominated for the 1998 Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel.
Plot.
"Corrupting Dr. Nice" is set mainly in three eras: the twenty-first century, 40 AD and the Cretaceous Period. In 2063 AD, time travel is commonplace. Time travelers feel free to exploit the past without fear of changing their own history because each visit creates an alternate history called a "moment universe". The Saltimbanque Corporation uses it for tourism and to exploit the resources of the past. Famous historical figures are snatched from their time and brought to the twenty-first century (these include Amadeus Mozart, Sigmund Freud, Abraham Lincoln, and even Jesus Christ from several different times in his life). After visitors leave a moment universe, it continues with its new history. In a few of them, permanent installations are created that can be revisited and used as way stations for time travel. One is set up in the Jerusalem of 40 AD, complete with hotels.
The story begins in the Cretaceous where Dr. Owen Vannice, heir to an enormous fortune and the Dr. Nice of the title, is working as an amateur paleontologist. Vannice arranges to transport a baby "Apatosaurus" to his home. Sabotage of the time travel apparatus strands him for a time in 40 AD and brings him in contact with a couple of con artists, Genevieve Faison and her father August. At first, the duo conspire to steal the dinosaur from Owen. However, during an abortive attempt by Zealots to take over the time travel station, Genevieve falls in love with him. Before she can confess to him that she is a con artist, Owen finds out from a third party and leaves in disgust.
Broken-hearted, but aware that she is much cleverer than Owen, Genevieve plots an elaborate revenge. Posing as Emma Zume of the Committee to Protect the Past, she arranges to visit his estate and inspect his dinosaur. She makes no attempt to disguise herself, simply altering her personality; and Owen falls in love with her because she reminds him of Genevieve. However, after they are married she pulls a series of surprises on him. She reminds him that she is a "sexual deliberationist", which turns out to mean that she believes in not having sex. She also reveals that she has conspired with her parents to retrieve a sperm sample from him so a grandchild can be grown in an artificial womb; and that his father has managed to clone Wilma for use in an exotic food industry. Feeling betrayed, he files for divorce. He also realizes that he is really in love with Genevieve, who he still fails to realize is also Emma. Having had her revenge, Genevieve discovers that it gives her little satisfaction, and she decides to go after him. Meeting in Jerusalem, they are happily reconciled.
In a parallel story line, Simon the Zealot, one of the apostles, is arrested for his role in the attempted takeover of the time travel station. He is embittered by the changes in Jerusalem and by the removal of Jesus to the future. Early in the occupation by the time travelers, his wife Alma took ill and died; and he is estranged from his son Samuel, who sings a variation of twentieth century blues in clubs. While awaiting trial in 2063 AD, he learns about the future society that he hates and becomes skilled in manipulating public opinion. The trial is presided over by an artificial intelligence that keeps a running tally of public opinion and factors it into its verdict. Owen makes a disastrous attempt at helping Simon. Abraham Lincoln appears for the prosecution, but Simon counters with a surprise appearance by the Jesus who was extracted from his moment universe. Jesus makes a speech that moves public opinion in favor of Simon. He is acquitted, and in Jerusalem is reunited with Alma after Owen extracts her from another moment universe.
Themes.
The exploitation of the past in "Corrupting Dr. Nice" is, in part, a satire on the exploitation of the Third World. Tourists visit the past to see famous events such as the Crucifixion and the assassination of Julius Caesar. Natural resources such as oil are removed from moment universes. Sigmund Freud and Carl Jung are added to a college psychiatry department, Voltaire is a talk show host and the physicist Richard Feynman becomes a drummer in a band led by Mozart.
This rebounds on the future era: the greats of the past take jobs away from citizens of the future, and some people resort to selling organs for money.
Owen Vannice is troubled by the exploitation of the past, but does not see the contradiction in stealing a dinosaur from the past. One of the roles of Genevieve is to expose the contradictions in his thinking and spur him to act on his beliefs.
Style.
"Corrupting Dr. Nice" is modeled on screwball comedies of the 1930s. "The Lady Eve" is the source for much of the plot. The use of a dinosaur as a comic element echoes the snake in "The Lady Eve" as well as a leopard in "Bringing Up Baby" and a dog in "The Awful Truth". It also echoes the theme of an individual born into great wealth who indulges in an eccentric hobby. Other elements borrowed from these films include a bumbling hero and a zany but competent heroine. Many of the chapter headings are also famous movie titles.
The Twenty-First Century is populated with Neo-Victorians (as in The Diamond Age by Neal Stephenson). Their formal, decorous society provides a setting for dialog that is rich in double entendres and verbal barbs.
Elements of cyberpunk are incorporated in the story. Owen is equipped with an artificial intelligence that has been implanted in his brain. Named Bill, it acts as a bodyguard, able to take over its body when necessary to protect him. However, he often has to suppress its violent urges. It also provides ironic commentary on his actions and has a glitch that makes it spout streams of nonsense words at times. In addition, people in the twenty-first century can install personality implants. In one scene, several women who find out about Owen's wealth try to attract him with Marilyn Monroe and Greta Garbo personalities.

</doc>
<doc id="36864028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864028" title="Canada national men's squash team">
Canada national men's squash team

The Canada national men's squash team represents Canada in international squash team competitions, and is governed by Squash Canada.
Since 1971, Canada participated in one final of the World Squash Team Open, in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36864049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864049" title="Sony Xperia T">
Sony Xperia T

Sony Xperia T and Sony Xperia TL (also known as Sony LT30a, LT30p and LT30at) are Android-based smartphones from Sony Mobile Communications introduced on 29 August 2012, the Xperia T is based on the Sony Xperia GX SO-04D which was launched on May 2012 in Japan. The Xperia T succeeded the Sony Xperia S as the flagship device for the Xperia series with a newer chipset, a larger screen and a better camera and LTE in some models. The phone was featured as James Bond's phone in the 2012 film, "Skyfall" and was officially released in September 2012 in three colours: Black, White and Silver.
Design.
Similar to the previous smartphones that Sony has released, the Sony Xperia T has a curvy and inwards arching design with a plastic finish. On the back of the device, Sony Ericsson's liquid energy logo still can be seen with the Xperia branding. The device does not feature any physical navigation buttons as the buttons are integrated into the software.
Specifications.
Hardware.
The Sony Xperia T features a 4.55 inch high definition display with 1280 by 720 pixels and a pixel density of 323 ppi with Sony's Mobile BRAVIA Engine. There is also a shatter proof sheet on the scratch-resistant glass which prevents the glass pieces of the display from falling out if it breaks. The camera has 13 megapixels with LED flash, Exmor R, 16 times digital zoom and HD (1080p) video recording, it also features a 1.3 megapixels front facing camera capable of 720p for video recording. The device features a 1.5 GHz dual-core Snapdragon S4 (Krait), 1 GB of RAM, 16 GB of built in storage, a microSD expansion slot of up to 32 GB, HDMI via MHL support to connect to TVs. It is also equipped with NFC (Near Field Communication) enabled which can be used with Xperia SmartTags, or for low value financial transactions, as NFC becomes more widespread in use, with the appropriate applications from Google Play.
The three models differ in connectivity capabilities. The LT30p has HSPA+, while the LT30a adds in full LTE capabilities. The LT30at (sold as the Xperia TL) has a subset of LTE specifically for AT&T's network.
Software.
The Sony Xperia T was released with Android 4.0.4 Ice Cream Sandwich with Sony's custom launcher with some notable additions to the software which includes Sony's Media applications – Walkman, Album and Videos. The device comes with NFC which allows 'one touch' to mirror what is on the smartphone to compatible TVs or play music on a NFC wireless speaker. Additionally, the phone includes a battery stamina mode which increases the phone's standby time up to 4 times. Several Google applications (such as Google Chrome, Google Voice Search, Google Talk application, Google Mail and Google Maps with Street View and Latitude) already come preloaded.
A 4.1.2 Jellybean update for the Xperia T was released July 8, 2013 and a 4.3 JellyBean update was released in February 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36864050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864050" title="Capurro, Uruguay">
Capurro, Uruguay

Capurro is a populated centre in San José Department of southern Uruguay.
Location.
It is located between Routes 77 and 78, west of Santa Lucía (of Canelones Department) and southeast of the department capital San José de Mayo. Its nearest populated centre is 18 de Julio (Pueblo Nuevo), to the east.
Population.
In 2011 Capurro had a population of 517.
Source: "Instituto Nacional de Estadística de Uruguay"

</doc>
<doc id="36864053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864053" title="Wheelchair tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's Singles">
Wheelchair tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's Singles

The women's singles wheelchair tennis competition at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London was held from 1 September to 7 September.

</doc>
<doc id="36864063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864063" title="KAICIID Dialogue Centre">
KAICIID Dialogue Centre

Mission and objectives.
This new international organization, KAICIID, is headquartered in Vienna, Austria; and has major objectives of facilitating intercultural and interreligious dialogue as a humanely strategic forum for cooperation, communication, partnership and information exchange - thereby building understanding and mutual benefit among peoples of the world.
Crucially, KAICIID has further goals of promoting human rights, justice, peace and reconciliation plus acting against the abuse of religion as a means to justify oppression, violence and conflict; promoting abiding societal cherishment for the preservation and sacredness of holy sites, as well as respect for religious symbols; including focusing on compassionate issues pertaining to: the dignity of human life, preservation of the environment, ethical matters, poverty alleviation and religious education.
Guiding principles.
Recalling that the founding document of KAICIID cites principles enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, especially, "the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion" - with emphasis on "human rights and fundamental freedoms for all without distinction as to race, sex, language or religion," International Centre for Interreligious and Intercultural Dialogue is, therefore, motivated by the following principles: <incomplete citation>
History.
Notably, on 13 October, 2011 an agreement for the establishment of the King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz International Centre for Interreligious and Intercultural Dialogue in Vienna was signed by the governments of Austria, Spain and Saudi Arabia. 
The center was inaugurated on 27 November 2012 in Vienna, in a ceremony attended by representatives of the world's major religions. The inauguration-ceremony was overshadowed, though, by protest expressed by the Austrian Green Party as well as a variety of Austrian NGOs concerned with Saudi Arabia’s poor human-rights record and fears that the KAICIID would in fact be misused by founding member and chief financier Saudi Arabia as a bridge-head for spreading Wahhabism in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="36864065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864065" title="Cao Lin">
Cao Lin

Cao Lin (曹霖: ? - 250) is the father of the emperor Cao Mao, the fifth emperor of the Cao Wei of Chinese history.
He is a son of Cao Pi (187-226) and a grandson of Cao Cao.
Emperor Cao Rui (204-239) is his brother (with different mothers). 
His mother is Chou Zhaoyi (仇昭儀)
Life.
He was raised to the Prince of Hedong (河東王) in 222, and to the Prince of Guantao (館陶王) in 225.
Being of coarse, rough and violent character, it is said that he used to beat
his concubines and maid-servants and sometimes killed some of them.
Later he was saised to the Prince of Donghai (東海定王) by emperor Cao Rui, the brother of his.
When he died in 250, his son Cao Qi (曹啓)(?-?) inherited him and became the Prince of Donghai.
In 255, Sima Shi disposed the emperor Cao Fang and wanted to make 
Cao Pi's brother Cao Ju (曹據) a new emperor. 
However Empress Dowager Guo (?-263) managed to persuade Sima Shi
that such a succession would be improper, since Cao Ju was the uncle of her husband Cao Rui.
After all Cao Lin's another son Cao Mao (241-260) ascended the throne in 255.

</doc>
<doc id="36864067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864067" title="Wuillians Vasquez">
Wuillians Vasquez

Wuillians Martin Vasquez (born July 23, 1983) is a Venezuelan professional baseball infielder.
Vasquez played in the New York Yankees minor league system from 2001 to 2004, playing with the GCL Yankees, Tampa Yankees, Staten Island Yankees, and Battle Creek Yankees. He has played for the San Marino Baseball Club in the Italian Baseball League since 2008. He also played for HCAW in Honkbal Hoofdklasse in 2010. He played for Venezuela in the 2011 Baseball World Cup and the 2011 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36864077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864077" title="Nobunaga Concerto">
Nobunaga Concerto

An anime television series adaptation is scheduled to air from July 2014 on Fuji TV.
Plot.
The story centers around Saburō, a high school boy who time-travels to Japan's Sengoku Era. He must become Oda Nobunaga, the famed warlord who helps unite Japan.
Reception.
It won the 2011 Shogakukan Manga Award for Shōnen manga. It was nominated for the 5th Manga Taisho. As of 19 February 2012, the 6th volume has sold 73,877 copies. As of 19 August 2012, the 7th volume has sold 92,838 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="36864112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864112" title="John H. Ross">
John H. Ross

John Henry Ross (June 8, 1918 – August 9, 2013) was a decorated World War II pilot who flew 96 missions for the 22nd Reconnaissance Squadron as part of the 7th Reconnaissance Group in the 8th Air Force. Ross flew the Lockheed P-38 Lightning as a photo-recon pilot out of RAF Mount Farm in England during the war. He received 11 medals and 2 Distinguished Flying Crosses.
Ross' missions, which were integral to Allied victory at the Battle of the Bulge are detailed in the book, "Eyes of the Eighth: A Story of the 7th Photographic Reconnaissance Group, 1942-1945". On three separate missions, Ross' plane was shot down over the Atlantic Ocean and the North Sea. He also flew reconnaissance for Operation Aphrodite missions, which utilized radio-controlled bombers as PGM. Additional to reconnaissance missions to plot bombing runs, he also flew missions to photograph damage assessment. One of his photographs of the Cologne Cathedral still standing amongst the rumble is credited to Ross in several books.
Background.
Born in Coleman, Oklahoma, Ross owned and operated a restaurant in Atlanta, Georgia.
Ross died in 2013 in Florida at the age of 95.
Documentary Film.
Ross is the subject of a documentary film being produced by Michael Hemschoot and Sean Bridgers of Worker Studio and Travelin' Productions, titled "John Ross: American", which began production in 2011. The filmmakers are utilizing animation to recreate stories from Ross' life, including his missions flown during World War II and as a child hopping freight trains during the dust bowl. During filming in Daytona Beach, Florida the film crew followed Ross to the AMVETS National Convention, where a trailer for the film featuring animation was premiered and Ross received an Honorary Lifetime Membership in the organization.
The filmmakers conducted a crowd-funding campaign on Indiegogo to raise partial funds for production. During the campaign, actors such as Jim Beaver and Garret Dillahunt, who were cast-members with Bridgers on the show "Deadwood" made contributions. Writer, director and actor Larry Fessenden, actress Tara Karsian, the family of guitarist Wymond Miles of The Fresh & Onlys, as well as media theorist, author and documentary filmmaker, Douglas Rushkoff also made contributions.

</doc>
<doc id="36864151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864151" title="Biology and Philosophy">
Biology and Philosophy

Biology and Philosophy is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles about philosophy of biology. The journal was founded by Michael Ruse in 1986. and is currently edited by Kim Sterelny. It is published by Springer.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the following databases
Its 2011 impact factor was 1.203.

</doc>
<doc id="36864157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864157" title="Nahi, Iran">
Nahi, Iran

Nahi (, also Romanized as Nāhī; also known as Nahr-e Ḩājj Nahī) is a village in Noabad Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864161" title="Joey Eijpe">
Joey Eijpe

Joey Eijpe (born January 17, 1988 in Huizen) is a Dutch baseball player who currently plays for HCAW in the Honkbal Hoofdklasse. He made his debut in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36864182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864182" title="Douglas Smith (Maine politician)">
Douglas Smith (Maine politician)

Douglas M. Smith is an American politician from Maine. Smith, a Republican, served in Maine House of Representatives from 1971-1977 and the Maine Senate from 2006-2010 from District 27, which included his residence of Dover-Foxcroft in Piscataquis County. He chose not to seek re-election in 2010 and was replaced by Republican Douglas Thomas. In 2010, Smith was rumored to have sought the position of Maine Attorney General which eventually went to William Schneider.
Smith earned his B.A. at the University of Maine and his J.D. from the University of Maine School of Law. He has also served as a trustee at Foxcroft Academy and as Piscataquis County Judge of Probate.

</doc>
<doc id="36864191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864191" title="Sweet Silence">
Sweet Silence

Sweet Silence is the sixth studio album by Berlin-based musician Barbara Morgenstern.

</doc>
<doc id="36864192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864192" title="Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 60 kg">
Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 60 kg

The men's 60 kg judo competition at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was held on 30 August at ExCeL London.

</doc>
<doc id="36864200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864200" title="Chesley Award for Lifetime Artistic Achievement">
Chesley Award for Lifetime Artistic Achievement

The Chesley Award for Lifetime Artistic Achievement is given by the Association of Science Fiction and Fantasy Artists (ASFA) to recognize the achievements of a science fiction or fantasy artist for work over their entire careers.

</doc>
<doc id="36864212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864212" title="Stories We Tell">
Stories We Tell

Stories We Tell is a 2012 Canadian documentary film written and directed by Sarah Polley and produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB). The film explores her family's secrets—including one intimately related to Polley's own identity. "Stories We Tell" premiered August 29, 2012 at the 69th Venice International Film Festival, then played at the 39th Telluride Film Festival and the 37th Toronto International Film Festival.
Plot.
The film looks at the relationship between Polley's parents, Michael and Diane Polley, including the revelation that the filmmaker was the product of an extramarital affair between her mother and Montreal producer Harry Gulkin. It incorporates interviews with Polley's siblings from her mother's two marriages, interviews with other relatives and family friends, Michael Polley's narration of his memoir, and Super-8 footage shot to look like home movies of historical events in her family's life. The cast in the Super-8 re-creations includes Rebecca Jenkins, who plays Diane – who had died of cancer the week of Polley's 11th birthday.
In her blog post on the NFB.ca website, Polley reveals that several journalists including Brian D. Johnson and Matthew Hays had known about the story of her biological father for years, but respected Polley's wish to keep the matter private until she was ready to tell her story in her own words.
Critical response.
In his August 29 "Maclean's" blog post, Johnson, one of the film critics who'd kept Polley's secret, wrote:
Writing for Rogerebert.com, film critic Sheila O'Malley gave the film four out of four stars, calling it "powerful and thoughtful film...[that is also not what it at first seems, which is part of the point Polley appears to be interested in making."
Awards.
On October 20, "Stories We Tell" received the Grand Prix Focus for best feature film in the Festival du nouveau cinéma's Focus category. In December, the film was included in the Toronto International Film Festival's list of "Canada's Top Ten" feature films of 2012.
On January 8, 2013, "Stories We Tell" received the $100,000 prize for best Canadian film at the Toronto Film Critics Association Awards, after having been named best documentary by the association the previous month. On March 3, 2013, it was named best feature length documentary at the 1st Canadian Screen Awards. In October 2013, "Stories We Tell" received the Allan King Award for Excellence in Documentary at the Directors Guild of Canada Awards in Toronto. In December 2013, the film received the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Non-Fiction Film, the National Board of Review Award for Best Documentary Film, and the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Documentary Film. On February 1, 2014, the film received the Writers Guild of America Award for Best Documentary Screenplay.
"Stories We Tell "was also nominated for a 2013 Cinema Eye Honors award and a 2013 International Documentary Association award. It was among the 15 films shortlisted for the 2013 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
Theatrical release.
"Stories We Tell" was released theatrically in Canada starting October 12, 2012. The film had a limited release in the U.S. beginning May 17, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36864214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864214" title="How to Be a Jewish Mother">
How to Be a Jewish Mother

How to Be a Jewish Mother is a 1964 Jewish humour book by American humorist Dan Greenburg which was the best selling non-fiction book in the United States in 1965, with 270,000 copies sold. The book was first published by Price Stern Sloan under publisher Larry Sloan.
The book was adapted into a play starring Molly Picon and Godfrey Cambridge which had a brief run on Broadway at the Hudson Theater from December 1967 through January 1968. A 1983 French adaptation, "Comment devenir une mère juive en 10 leçons", met with long-running success. Gertrude Berg also released a best-selling comedy album from the book in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="36864223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864223" title="Facing Mirrors">
Facing Mirrors

Facing Mirrors (, ) is a 2011 Iranian drama film directed by Negar Azarbayjani.
Awards and nominations.
At the Asia Pacific Screen Awards, Shayesteh Irani was nominated for Best Performance. The film was nominated to win Scythian Deer for Grand Prix and has been awarded the Special Mention Prize of the Ecumenical Jury for Feature Film at the Molodist International Film Festival.
At the Frameline Film Festival, "Facing Mirrors" received Best First Feature award for Negar Azarbayjani's first feature. In the eighteenth edition of the LGBT film festival held in Paris, Negar Azarbayjani won the Grand Prix prize at Chéries-Chéris 2012. The film won against nine other competitors in the official selection.

</doc>
<doc id="36864231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864231" title="Daniel Portman">
Daniel Portman

Daniel Portman (born 13 February 1992) is a Scottish actor. He is best known for his role as Podrick Payne in the HBO series "Game of Thrones".
Early life.
Portman, son of actor Ron Donachie, was born in Glasgow and raised in Strathbungo. He attended Shawlands Academy, where he was Head Boy in his final year. He played rugby for the school. He earned an HNC in acting and performing at Reid Kerr College in Paisley.
Career.
Portman has been acting since he was 16 years old. His first role was in 2010's "Outcast", in which where he starred as Paul. This was followed by a role in popular Scottish soap opera "River City". His second film role was a small part in Scottish comedy "The Angel's Share". It was announced on 24 August 2011 that he was cast as Podrick Payne in the award-winning HBO fantasy drama series "Game of Thrones". His portrayal has received positive acclaim from fans on Twitter.

</doc>
<doc id="36864259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864259" title="Shalahi Rural District">
Shalahi Rural District

Shalahi Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 19,299, in 3,570 families. The rural district has 14 villages.

</doc>
<doc id="36864280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864280" title="Bahmanshir-e Jonubi Rural District">
Bahmanshir-e Jonubi Rural District

Bahmanshir-e Jonubi Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 8,812, in 1,614 families. The rural district has 9 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864281" title="Rohana Weerasinghe">
Rohana Weerasinghe

Rohana Weerasinghe is a Sri Lankan musician and composer.
Early life.
Weerasinghe was born on February 18, 1949 in Algiriya, Matara in southern Sri Lanka. He was the youngest child to his parents Henry Weerasinghe and Sepalin Weerasinghe. In 1954, Weerasinghe started schooling from Good Shepard Family Convent in Nuwara Eliya, and later moved to Vidyachakra Buddhist School Ruwan Eliya, Welimada Maha Vidyalaya, Pannipitya Dharmapala Vidyalaya and Gamini Maha Vidyalaya Nuwara Eliya.<br>
In 1977, Weerasinghe married to Leela Beatrice De Silva, a Dancing teacher in profession. They had two sons, Kalindu Gajaba and Chirath Kanishka.
Music.
Weerasinghe learnt the basics of music from K.V.S Perera Kithsiri Aluthge. He was able to enter the Government Music School of Sri Lanka for further studies in Oriental Music by mastering Sitar. Later he joined maestro Premasiri Khemadasa as a Sitar player in his Orchestra. Weerasinghe became a key Sitar player for music concerts of prominent Singers in Sri Lanka such as Victor Ratnayake's "Sa", Nanda Malini's "Shrawana Aradhana" and Sanath Nandasiri's "Swarna Kundala".<br>
Weerasinghe taught music in D. S. Senanayake College, Senananda Maha Vidyalaya Meepilimanna and Ananda Sastralaya, Kotte as a government music teacher. In 1982, he joined "Sing Lanka" studios as a Sound Engineer. At that time, he composed T. M. Jayaratne's "Ekasitha dethanaka", "Hiruta Horen" and Neela Wickramasinghe's "Punchi Sithe Punchi Sina" which became popular songs in Sri Lanka.
So far he has created melodies for over 4000 songs, which includes films, teledramas, stage plays.
Weerasinghe has been the Advisor to the President of Sri Lanka in Cultural and Aesthetic Affairs since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36864287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864287" title="NBB Coach of the Year">
NBB Coach of the Year

The NBB Coach of the Year is a NBB award, given since the NBB 2009 to the best coach of the season. The trophy given to the winner is called Ary Vidal Trophy, in a tribute to one of the greatest Brazilian coaches in history. Before the event, three candidates are announced and during the event the winner is chosen.

</doc>
<doc id="36864289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864289" title="Bahmanshir-e Shomali Rural District">
Bahmanshir-e Shomali Rural District

Bahmanshir-e Shomali Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,017, in 695 families. The rural district has 5 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864307" title="Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 66 kg">
Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 66 kg

The men's 66 kg judo competition at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was held on 30 August at ExCeL London.

</doc>
<doc id="36864342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864342" title="Randall Wiebe">
Randall Wiebe

Randall G. Wiebe is a playwright, stage actor, voice actor, artistic director, creative director, chaplain, art instructor, and artist living in Rosebud, Alberta, Canada. He was born in Morden, Manitoba. He is the artistic director for the Canadian Badlands Passion Play, a production that he says includes "professionals and people that have never been on stage before." He has also acted in the play, portraying characters as diverse as Jairus, Barrabas, Bartimaeus, Judas and Jesus. Originally the playwright for the Passion Play, he has since been variously the play's artistic director, creative director and chaplain from 2006 to 2012. Wiebe also wrote his own 55-minute, one-man Passion play called "Thomas: Confessions of a Doubter" and has performed this play more than 350 times, mostly in Western Canada, but also in Malysia, Guam, Hawaii and Venezuela from 2002 to 2012. As a voice actor, he has acted in "Hunter × Hunter", "Mega Man Powered Up", "Mega Man X8", and "", portraying such characters as Dr. Light. Wiebe is an art instructor at the Rosebud School of the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="36864352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864352" title="Hans Ludwig Engel">
Hans Ludwig Engel

Hans Ludwig Engel (1630–22 April 1674) was a Roman Catholic canon lawyer, best known as the author of "Collegium Universi Juris Canonici". Engel studied at the Austrian Benedictine monastery, Melk Abbey, and also studied law at the University of Salzburg, which he became vice chancellor of in 1669.

</doc>
<doc id="36864372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864372" title="Federal Institute for Occupational Safety and Health">
Federal Institute for Occupational Safety and Health

The Federal Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (German: "Bundesanstalt für Arbeitsschutz und Arbeitsmedizin", BAuA) is a German federal agency within the portfolio of the Federal Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs, with responsibility for occupational safety and health throughout Germany. It has its headquarters in Dortmund, and has locations in Berlin and Dresden, as well as an office in Chemnitz. Isabel Rothe has been the president of BAuA since November 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36864374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864374" title="Instituto O'Higgins (disambiguation)">
Instituto O'Higgins (disambiguation)

Instituto O'Higgins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36864400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864400" title="Martin Daunton">
Martin Daunton

Martin James Daunton FBA FRHistS (born 14 February 1949) is a British academic and historian. He has been Master of Trinity Hall, Cambridge since 2004.
Daunton is the son of Ronald James Daunton and Dorothy "née" Bellett. He was educated at Barry Grammar School before going to the University of Nottingham where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1970. He studied further at the University of Kent PhD 1974 and received the degree of LittD from the University of Cambridge in 2005.
In 1984, he married Claire Gobbi.

</doc>
<doc id="36864404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864404" title="New Sweden School">
New Sweden School

The New Sweden School is a school located in the town of New Sweden, Idaho (part of Idaho Falls). It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. The school was built in 1927 and is historically significant due to its association with the Swedish American immigrant communities of New Sweden and Riverview.
The school's "period of significance" was from 1925 to 1949, and the building had been used by the community until 1980. Since then, the property has been the target of significant vandalism. The Idaho Falls School District #91 declared the school as surplus property, and in 2012, accepted a bid for its sale to VanderSloot Farms for $121,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36864406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864406" title="James Heartfield (cricketer)">
James Heartfield (cricketer)

James Henry Heartfield (19 January 1823 – 28 November 1891) was an English cricketer. Heartfield was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm roundarm fast. He was born at Mitcham, Surrey.
Heartfield made his first-class debut for Surrey against Sussex at The Oval in 1860. He made nine further first-class appearances for the county, the last of which came against Yorkshire. A bowler, he took 21 wickets at an average of 16.09, with best figures of 6/28. One of two five wicket hauls he took during his career, his best figures came against Sussex in 1860 at the Royal Brunswick Ground, Hove. He also made a single first-class appearance for a New All England Eleven against a New England Eleven in 1862.
He later stood as an umpire in three first-class matches in 1875. He died at Greenwich, London, on 28 November 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="36864415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864415" title="Come Home Love">
Come Home Love

Come Home Love () is a TVB modern sitcom series. Production was originally contracted for 180 episodes, but has been extended by 320 episodes for a total of 500; the first TVB series to do so since "A Kindred Spirit".
Synopsis.
The sitcom revolves around the Ma family, an extended Chinese family living together. Ma Fu (Lau Dan), a retired officer of the Hong Kong Correctional Services, is the patriarch of the family and his traditional and disciplinarian approach to life creates both friction and solutions. The other members of the family are his much younger sister Ma Yau (Florence Kwok); second son and daughter-in-law, Ma Keung (Tsui Wing) and Lo Lai Sheung (Yvonne Lam Yi Kei); the deceased eldest son´s (Ma kin) children Ma Tse Yan (Joey Law) and Ma Tse Nei (Angel Chiang); and youngest son Ma Chaung (Lai Lok-yi).
Viewership ratings.
Episode 51 (July 23, 2012) peaked at 38 points as a result of a typhoon.

</doc>
<doc id="36864418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864418" title="Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 73 kg">
Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 73 kg

The men's 73 kg judo competition at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was held on 31 August at ExCeL London.

</doc>
<doc id="36864419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864419" title="Sergei Ovchinnikov">
Sergei Ovchinnikov


</doc>
<doc id="36864439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864439" title="New London Raiders">
New London Raiders

The New London Raiders were a minor league baseball team based in New London, Connecticut that played in the Colonial League. Brothers Theodore Laviano and Dr. Gerald Laviano owned and operated the team. The Raiders were the first professional baseball team in southeastern Connecticut since the New London Planters had dropped out of the Eastern League in 1928. 
Road to the playoffs.
In their one season of existence in 1947, the Raiders finished the regular season in fourth place with a 50-67 record and 31 games behind regular season champion Waterbury Timers. That was enough to make the playoffs. They then beat #2 seed Poughkeepsie Giants 4 games to 3 in the first round of the playoffs but lost the championship series to #3 seed Stamford Bombers 4 games to 1.
They played their home games on Mercer Field. Paid attendance in 1947 was about 30,000. Admission for adults was $0.90 for grandstand seats and $0.65 for bleacher seats. Admission for children was $0.35 for grandstand seats and $0.25 for bleacher seats.
Players.
Their roster feature some local players, Ray Smith, Charlie (Bucky) Yauilla, Dan Czekala and Mike Petrosky, all of whom started in the season opener, as well as Jim McKenna, Tony Osinski and Mahlon (Red) Turner. Ed Bedell, Max Goldsmith, Ed Zarolds and Preston Gómez were all selected to the All-Star team. Danny Rourke had the team's best pitching record 8-2 and Max Goldberg led the team that year with a .297 batting average. Mike Petrosky, who had been baseball and basketball captain at Georgetown University, batted .343 in 105 at bats, not enough to qualify for the batting title. 
Only two players on the roster ever saw any time in the major leagues and in both cases it was before they joined the Raiders. Player/manager Ed Butka had previously played 18 games for the Washington Senators in 1943 and 1944. Preston Gómez had played 8 games for the Washington Senators in 1944 and after he retired as a player he managed in the minors leagues for 10 years before becoming 3rd base coach for the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1965. He then became the first manager for the San Diego Padres from 1969-1972, managed the Houston Astros from 1974–75, and spent part of the 1980 season as the Chicago Cubs manager. He spent the last 27 years of his career in various capacities for the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
Subsequent history of the franchise.
Shortly before the start of the 1948 season, league president John Scalzi announced that the franchise was moving to New Brunswick, New Jersey. The reason given was the $15,000 that the club lost in the 1947. The club also experienced bad luck with weather all season, starting with the home opener having to be pushed back 4 days due to rain. This also led to the cancellation of the planned opening day festivities, which were to include NFL star Ken Strong who had been the league president in 1946. Of the Raiders 40 home games, 6 were interrupted or called off due to rain.
The New Brunswick Hubs moved to Kingston, New York for the second half of the 1948 season and changed their name to the Kingston Colonials for the 1949 season. After the Colonial League folded midway through the 1950 season they played the 1951 season in the Canadian-American League which folded at the end of that season.

</doc>
<doc id="36864444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864444" title="Kometa-Standard">
Kometa-Standard

The Kometa-Standard was a Standard Class glider, designed and built in Bulgaria in the early 1960s. Thirty were flown by local gliding clubs.
Design and development.
The Kometa-Standard was the second glider designed by Pavlov and Panchovsky, a fully aerobatic Standard Class aircraft of almost entirely wooden construction, though with fabric covered control surfaces. The wings, straight tapered in plan and set at mid-wing position, were single spar structures with leading edge plywood covered D-boxes. They had 4° of dihedral. There were salmon type fairings, tapering, slender, streamlined bodies, at the tips. The Kometa-Standard had mass-balanced, slotted ailerons and spoilers at 60% chord which opened above and below the wing.
The fuselage of the Kometa-Standard was a plywood covered monocoque with the cockpit extending close to the metal nose cone. The canopy of the prototype was of long bubble form, proud of the rear fuselage line, but this was lowered and reshaped on the production Kometa-Standard II, merging into the rear fuselage from which it was hinged. The cockpit was changed again in the Kometa-Standard III which had a sliding canopy over a reclining seat, making this variant 30 km/h (19 mph) faster than the Kometa-Standard II. Overall, the fuselage tapered uniformly from the cockpit to the tail. The Kometa-Standard had a 110° butterfly tail, its plywood and fabric covered surfaces terminating, like the wings, in little salmon fairings. Its undercarriage was a fixed monowheel, fitted with a brake and assisted by a forward, rubber sprung skid.
Operational history.
The prototype was flown for the first time on 5 August 1960 and an initial batch of 10 Kometa-Standard IIs was built, followed by two batches, each of 10, of Kometa-Standard IIIs. Flown by Bulgarian clubs, they were fully aerobatic, though not cleared for cloud flying.
Variants.
"Data from" reference. "Numbers from, CD version."

</doc>
<doc id="36864458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864458" title="Medical scribe">
Medical scribe

A medical scribe -- also known as a Clinical Scribe, ER Scribe, or ED Scribe -- is a trained medical information manager who specializes in charting physician-patient encounters in real-time during medical exams. A medical scribe can work onsite at a hospital or clinic, or from a remote, HIPAA-secure facility. Medical scribes who work at an offsite location are known as virtual medical scribes and normally work in clinical settings.
A medical scribe's primary duties are to follow a physicians through his or her work day and chart patient encounters in real-time using a medical office's Electronic Health Record and existing templates. Medical scribes also generate referral letters for physicians, manage and sort medical documents within the EHR system, and assist with e-prescribing. Medical scribes can be thought of as data care managers, enabling physicians, medical assistants, and nurses to focus on patient in-take and care during clinic hours. Medical scribes, by handling data management tasks for physicians in real-time, free the physician to increase patient contact time, give more thought to complex cases, better manage patient flow through the department, and increase productivity to see more patients.
The Joint Commission released guidelines for the use of medical scribes July 2012. The Joint Commission's guidelines explained: "A scribe is an unlicensed person hired to enter information into the electronic medical record (EMR) or chart at the direction of a physician or practitioner (Licensed Independent Practitioner, Advanced Practice Registered Nurse or Physician Assistant). It is the Joint Commission’s stand that the scribe does not and may not act independently but can document the previously determined physician’s or practitioner’s dictation and/or activities. Scribes also assist the practitioners listed above in navigating the EMR and in locating information such as test results and lab results. They can support work flow and documentation for medical record coding. Scribes are used most frequently, but not exclusively, in emergency departments where they accompany the physician or practitioner and record information into the medical record, with the goal of allowing the physician or practitioner to spend more time with the patient and have accurate documentation. Scribes are sometimes used in other areas of the hospital or ambulatory facility. They can be employed by the healthcare organization, the physician or practitioner or be a contracted service." The American Health Information Management Association also published guidance in its November 2012 edition of "Journal of AHIMA" for physicians on the use of medical scribes, echoing and elaborating on The Joint Commission's guidance by explaining that "a scribe can be found in multiple settings including physician practices, hospitals, emergency departments, long-term care facilities, long-term acute care hospitals, public health clinics, and ambulatory care centers. They can be employed by a healthcare organization, physician, licensed independent practitioner, or work as a contracted service."
An increasing body of research has shown the use of medical scribes is associated with improved overall physician productivity, cost- and time-savings, and patient satisfaction. An in-depth study conducted by The Vancouver Clinic in Vancouver, WA from 2011-2012 found that medical scribes improved the quality of clinical documentation and allowed doctors to see extra patients, while noting the risks associated with scribe turnover and doctors' unfamiliarity with the scribe concept. Notably, research has recommended that healthcare providers employ medical scribes to reduce time spent performing data entry and other administrative tasks, which can increase physician fatigue and dissatisfaction. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864463" title="Deerfield (CDP), Massachusetts">
Deerfield (CDP), Massachusetts

Deerfield is a census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Deerfield in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 643 at the 2010 census. It corresponds roughly to the area of Historic Deerfield, a historic district comprising the original town center of Deerfield. It is the home of Deerfield Academy, a college-preparatory school.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , of which is land and , or 1.71%, is water.

</doc>
<doc id="36864464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864464" title="Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 81 kg">
Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 81 kg

The men's 81 kg judo competition at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was held on 31 August at ExCeL London.

</doc>
<doc id="36864496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864496" title="Osaka 10th district">
Osaka 10th district

Ōsaka 10th district (大阪府第10区, "Ōsaka-fu daijikku" or 大阪10区, "Ōsaka-jikku") is a single-member electoral district of the House of Representatives, the lower house of the national Diet of Japan. It is located in North-eastern Osaka and consists of Takatsuki city and Shimamoto town, the only remaining municipality of Mishima county. As of September 2012, 315,999 eligible voters were registered in the district.
The current Representative for Osaka 10th district is former Liberal Democrat Kenta Matsunami. In 2012, he ran for the Japan Restoration Party of former Osaka governor Tōru Hashimoto that won twelve district seats in the prefecture. The previous incumbent, Democrat Kiyomi Tsujimoto, had been elected for the Social Democratic Party in 2009, but left in 2010 after disagreeing with her party's departure from the Democrat-led ruling coalition.
Before the electoral reform of the 1990s, the area had been part of the five-member Osaka 3rd district.

</doc>
<doc id="36864499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864499" title="National Socialist Kindred">
National Socialist Kindred

The National Socialist Kindred was a group that sought to combine National Socialism, Odinism and Esoteric Hitlerism with a plan to create a White separatist "Folk Community" in Northern California called Volksberg.
The group was founded by Joseph Turner (1946-1996), also known as Jost. Turner was a Vietnam War veteran who was disillusioned when he returned to California in the late 1960s. While contemptuous of much of the 1960s counterculture, racial integration, drug use and civil disobedience he found, Turner also sympathized with the hippies rejection of selfishness and materialism, which he believed was characteristic of the White majority of the time, and like their idea of "destroying the system by non-participation". Taking inspiration from the back-to-the-land and communalist movements of the decade, Turner and his family left the "urban social and economic system"—which Jost felt was characterized by the growing power of non-whites and "indifference and growing materialism of whites -- and began homesteading in the isolated mountains of Northern California. There were a number of other communalists in the area whose ideology Jost describes as a mix of "left-wing politics, oriental religion, Robin Hood and brotherhood" that was "permeated with anti-establishment idealism". Turner appreciated the amount of research and effort that the communalists had put into their projects of simple living and self-sufficiency, and praised their development of organic farming, animal husbandry, herbal medicine weaving, spinning, leather craft and success in living outside the mainstream economy. He and his family spent several years learning these skills from their neighbors and living in "crude octagon cabins, barns and even tepees."
However, this peaceful coexistence did not last. Jost attributes the decline to the other communalists' lack of discipline and embrace of "Jewish permissiveness", as well as their failure to pass their ideas down to their children. The cultivation of marijuana led to conflicts among the communalists and with law enforcement and the idealism and live and let live atmosphere that Jost saw in the experiment shattered. Jost then decided to form the National Socialist Kindred, with the aim of bringing together like minded racialists into a new self-seficient community, to be called Volksberg. To that end he formed the National Socialist Kindred.
For the next fifteen years or so, the NSK distributed pamphlets and exhorted like minded people to pull up stakes and join the community at Volksberg. However, Jost grew impatient with the quality of people who came to live in the commune. In a letter to Tommy Ryden in Sweden he stated that there were few people who were willing to forsake jobs, home, family, and friends to move to the Folk-community. More often than not, they were willing to pull up stakes because they did not have any of those things and wish for somebody to take care of them. He continued "Most were psychopaths and dangerous." Jost disbanded the NSK in 1995, feeling that it was counter-productive to keep an organization apparatus. Moreover, Josts ideas had evolved, and he was concentrating on developing a system of yoga called Arya Kriya that concentrated on developing a more personal relationship than was possible in an organizational setting. He still distributed literature and correspondence under the imprimatur Jost. However Jost died of a heart attack in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="36864515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864515" title="Gülümser Öney">
Gülümser Öney

Gülümser Öney, née Yılmaz (born 1956) is a Bulgarian born Turkish female chess player. She is Turkey's most successful chess player being the eleven times national champion, seven times consecutively from 1973.
Gülümser was born in Pleven, Bulgaria to Turkish parents. Her father, Lütfi Yılmaz was a teacher and chess player. She learnt to play chess by her father. She became Bulgarian youth champion and captain of her high school's chess club. Gülümser taught her brother Turhan and sister Gülsevil chess playing, who were still in the primary school.
The family moved in 1972 to Turkey. With five years of chess experience, she took part the next year at a tournament for high school students organized by the Turkish daily "Cunhuriyet" in Istanbul. She completed the tournament unbeaten, which was attended by 186 youths among them six girls.
Following her graduation from high school, she attended Istanbul Technical University, where she earned a degree in chemical engineering.
Gülümser Yılmaz got engaged to chess player Sait Rıza Öney on September 8, 1984. The couple married later.
Her brother Turhan became Turkish Youth champion and then five times national champion between 1978 and 2004. Her sister Gülsevil became also Turkish Women's champion in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="36864544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864544" title="Illegal Pete's">
Illegal Pete's

Illegal Pete’s is a Colorado-based group of quick-service “Mission Style” burrito restaurants that takes inspiration from burritos popularized in San Francisco in the ‘60s and ‘70s.
Food.
Illegal Pete’s “Mission-style” Mexican food is served in a steam table assembly line with fresh grilled chicken, pork, and beef; pinto or black beans; white or Spanish-style brown rice; and toppings such as House Hot salsa, green chile (pork or vegetarian), guacamole, sour cream, and cheese. Illegal Pete’s also serves fish tacos, nachos, and all Colorado draft beer.
Illegal Pete’s serves local ingredients, such as all natural preservative-free tortillas from Colorado Tortilla Company; all natural meats from Niman Ranch, which are humanely-raised without antibiotics or hormones and fed all vegetarian feeds; and other health-oriented options for vegetarians and gluten-free diets.
History.
The first Illegal Pete’s location was opened up by Pete Turner on August 15, 1995, on The Hill in Boulder; Turner said that starting the business nearly killed him. Since then, the business has grown to include five locations in Denver and Boulder, and there are plans to open a sixth one in Denver. The corporate headquarters of Illegal Pete’s currently resides in the historic Denver landmark, the Daniels & Fisher Tower in downtown Denver.
The combination of quick, filling burritos and an alternative, relaxed environment has become popular with hipsters, college students, athletes, and musicians nationwide: in fact, international pop songwriter Jack Johnson first received the call saying Universal Records wanted to sign him while he was eating a burrito at Illegal Pete’s.
Culture.
Illegal Pete’s is involved in several facets of community involvement, including charity fund raisers like the “Smother Autism” campaign in April 2012, which raised money for The Joshua School, “a Colorado-based, non-profit educational therapeutic day treatment center for children with an autism spectrum disorder and related developmental disabilities,” or the award-winning Pete’s Pints campaigns, which raise money for local bands.
In September 2010, Illegal Pete’s started the Starving Artist program, which feeds out-of-town musicians for free at Illegal Pete’s when they come through Denver or Boulder to play a show. Illegal Pete’s was voted as the Best Place to Eat and Hang Out with Rock Stars by the annual Best of Westword of 2011. Illegal Pete’s began throwing Starving Artist SXSW showcases in Austin in March 2011. Pete Turner was featured in a front page article of the Denver Post on businesses spending marketing money on representing Denver at SXSW.
In July 2011, Illegal Pete’s launched “Greater Than” artist collective, a non-traditional record label that works with Colorado bands. The label was the brain child of Pete Turner and Suburban Home Records owner for 17 years, Virgil Dickerson. Currently signed to the label are Denver darkwave band Snake Rattle Rattle Snake, cello prog pop songwriter Ian Cooke, active rock Denver darlings The Epilogues, the belovedly crass comedian Ben Roy, and most recently the solo work of Paper Bird songstress Esmé Patterson.

</doc>
<doc id="36864547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864547" title="Juan Valdez (activist)">
Juan Valdez (activist)

Juan Valdez (1938 - August 25, 2012 in Rio Arriba County, New Mexico) was a land grant activist who fired the first shot during a 1967 New Mexico courthouse raid that grabbed international attention & helped spark the Chicano Movement. He died peacefully at his Canjilon ranch after recently suffering two heart attacks according to his daughter Juanita Montoya.
Biography.
Heir to a northern New Mexico land grant, Valdez was 29 years old when he and a group of land grant advocates, led by Reies Lopez Tijerina, raided a Rio Arriba County courthouse in Tierra Amarilla. Their goal was to attempt a citizens' arrest of then-District Attorney Alfonso Sanchez over Hispanic land rights issues.
Valdez had gotten involved with Tijerina's group, known as Alianza Federal de Mercedes — an organization founded to help Mexican-American heirs to old Spanish land grants reclaim land that was illegally taken by white settlers and the U.S. government.
"Tijerina impressed me when he and most of the people who had walked from Albuquerque set up a camp and refused to leave," Valdez told retired lawyer Mike Scarborough in the book "Trespassers On Our Own Land," an oral history of the Valdez family.
During the raid, it was Valdez who shot and wounded state police officer Nick Saiz after the officer went for his pistol and refused commands by Valdez to put his hands up.
"It came down to, I shoot him or he was going to shoot me — so I pulled the trigger," Valdez said in the book. "Lucky for both of us, he didn't die."
The raiders also beat a deputy and took a sheriff and reporter hostage. After holding the courthouse for a couple of hours, the armed group fled to the mountains as the National Guard and armored tanks chased them.
Valdez was convicted of assault but was later pardoned by Gov. Bruce King. The episode cemented Valdez & Tijerina's legacy among activists from the Chicano Movement of the 1970s who favored more radical methods of fighting discrimination over those of the moderate Mexican American civil rights leaders a generation before.
"He loved the attention," said Montoya, 48. "He wanted people to know our history and what happened to our land."

</doc>
<doc id="36864552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864552" title="Martin Vasilev">
Martin Vasilev

Martin Vasilev (Bulgarian: Мартин Василев; born 2 January 1992) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Montana.

</doc>
<doc id="36864553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864553" title="What Did You Expect? (Michael Cohen album)">
What Did You Expect? (Michael Cohen album)

What Did You Expect? is an album by the American singer-songwriter Michael Cohen which was released on Folkways Records (FS 8582 Folkways Records,
1973). The album was re-released by Smithsonian Folkways Records as a compact disc (FW0852 Smithsonian Folkways Records).
It is Cohen's second album, following his self released debut "Mike Cohen" (1972). The original LP carried a sticker on the front cover which stated, "Songs sensitively and honestly dealing with the experiences of being gay, written and sung by this brilliant young artist Solos and group. "This album, along with Steven Grossman (musician)'s "Caravan Tonight" (1974) and Chris Robison's "Chris Robison and His Many Hand Band" (1973), is one of the first to deal with openly gay themes and issues within the song lyrics. The style of the album is very much within the folk-rock genre and it includes the song "Bitterfeast" which adapts a poem by Cohen's namesake and fellow singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen.
Musicians who played on the album include the drummer Kevin Kelley.

</doc>
<doc id="36864576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864576" title="2012 TEAN International">
2012 TEAN International

The 2012 TEAN International was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the 17th edition of the tournament which was part of the 2012 ATP Challenger Tour and the 12th edition of the tournament for the 2012 ITF Women's Circuit. It took place in Alphen aan den Rijn, Netherlands between 3 and 9 September 2011.
ATP Singles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
WTA Singles main draw entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="36864596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864596" title="The Campaign to Remind Shiites about Imam Naghi">
The Campaign to Remind Shiites about Imam Naghi

The Campaign to Remind Shiites about Imam Naghi is a Persian-language Internet meme based around a Facebook page that attributes criticisms of Imami Shīa Islam and politics of the Islamic Regime of Iran to the tenth imam of the Shi’ites, Ali al-Naqi. More than 21,000 people have "liked" this page and it was being "talked about" by around 4,000 Facebook users as of 28 June 2012.
The contributions to the page by an asylum seeker in the Netherlands, Yashar Khameneh, caused his father, who lives in Iran, to be arrested by Ministry of Intelligence and National Security forces and taken to Evin prison in Tehran.

</doc>
<doc id="36864597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864597" title="Gerard Vroomen">
Gerard Vroomen

Gérard Vroomen (born 20 July 1971, Nijmegen) is a Dutch born industrial designer and the owner of Open Cycle. He was previously the co-founder of Cervélo & the now-defunct Cervelo TestTeam. He left the operational side of Cervelo in May 2011. Since February 2012, he has been the part-time business development advisor for Cervelo’s new owner, the Pon Bicycle Group.
Cervélo.
Phil White and Gérard Vroomen founded Cervélo in 1995 when their design for a new time trial bicycle failed to garner interest from traditional bicycle manufacturers. Today, Cervélo is the largest triathlon bike manufacturer in the world and partnered with the triathlon team, Team TBB, and the road cycling team, Team Garmin Sharp.
Readers of VeloNews, CycleSport, Inside Triathlon and Slowtwitch voted Cervélo as the #1 brand they intended to purchase in 2011.
Open Cycle.
Gerard Vroomen (Co-founder of Cervélo) and Andy Kessler (Former CEO of BMC), have partnered together in a business called Open. They claim the O-1.0 to be the lightest 29-inch production hardtail on the market.

</doc>
<doc id="36864604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864604" title="Anna George">
Anna George


</doc>
<doc id="36864605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864605" title="Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 57 kg">
Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 57 kg

The women's 57 kg judo competition at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was held on 31 August at ExCeL London.

</doc>
<doc id="36864606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864606" title="John Leezer">
John Leezer

John W. Leezer (c. 1873 - August 8, 1938) was an American cinematographer active during the silent era. He is credited with shooting at least thirty-three films for Paramount Pictures, Fine Arts, the Brentwood Film Corporation and Robertson-Cole Pictures, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="36864641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864641" title="Wiebe (surname)">
Wiebe (surname)

Wiebe is a surname (meaning), and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36864642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864642" title="2012 Shanghai Challenger">
2012 Shanghai Challenger

The 2012 Shanghai Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the second edition of the tournament which was part of the 2012 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Shanghai, China between 3 and 9 September 2012.
Singles main draw entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry as a special exempt into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="36864655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864655" title="Abd al-Aziz ibn al-Walid">
Abd al-Aziz ibn al-Walid

Abd al-Aziz ibn al-Walid (; died 728/9) was a member of the Umayyad dynasty and a military leader in the wars against the Byzantine Empire.
He was a son of the Caliph al-Walid I (reigned 705–715). He led in his first campaign against the Byzantines in Asia Minor in 709, when he captured a fortress, although his uncle Maslamah ibn Abd al-Malik led the main raid of the year afterwards. In 710 he led the main Umayyad attack, although under the auspices of Maslamah as commander-in-chief for the Byzantine front, and in 713 he led an attack against the frontier fortress of Gazelon.
In 714/5, his father the Caliph attempted to reverse the succession arrangement, by which the throne would pass to his brother Sulayman, in favour of Abd al-Aziz, but was unable to impose his will. When Sulayman in turn died in 717, Abd al-Aziz intended to claim the throne, but upon learning that Umar II had been chosen as caliph, he presented himself before him and acknowledged his rule. Abd al-Aziz died in Anno Hegirae 110 (728/729 CE).

</doc>
<doc id="36864657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864657" title="Oil-based mud">
Oil-based mud

Oil-based mud is a drilling fluid used in drilling engineering. It is composed of oil as the continuous phase and water as the dispersed phase in conjunction with emulsifiers, wetting agents and gellants. The oil base can be diesel, kerosene, fuel oil, selected crude oil or mineral oil. 
The requirements are a gravity of 36–37 API, a flash point of , fire point of and an aniline point of .
Emulsifiers are important to oil-based mud due to the likelihood of contamination. The water phase of oil-based mud can be freshwater, or a solution of sodium or calcium chloride. The external phase is oil and does not allow the water to contact the formation. The shales don't become water wet. 
Poor stability of the emulsion results in the two layers separating into two distinct layers. 
The advantages are: 
Oil-based muds are expensive, but are worth the cost when drilling through: 
The disadvantages of using oil-based mud, especially in wildcat wells are:
This mud type can be used as a completion and workover fluid, a spotting fluid to relieve a stuck pipe and as packer or casing fluid. They are very good for "Gumbo" shales. The mud weight can be controlled from 7–22 lbs/gal. It is sensitive to temperature but does not dehydrate as in the case of water based mud as mentioned before. It has no limit on the drilled solids concentration. The water phase should be maintained above a pH of 7. Stability of the emulsion depends on the alkaline value.

</doc>
<doc id="36864665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864665" title="Wiebe (given name)">
Wiebe (given name)

Wiebe is a masculine given name, and may refer to:
However, in one of two occasions, Wiebe is used as a given name for females:

</doc>
<doc id="36864667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864667" title="Minubar Rural District">
Minubar Rural District

Minubar Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 9,800, in 1,927 families. The rural district has 12 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864671" title="Wiebe">
Wiebe

Wiebe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36864678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864678" title="Melissa Perello">
Melissa Perello

Melissa Perello (born 1976), is an American chef best known for holding a Michelin star at her restaurant Frances. She had previously won a star at restaurant Fifth Floor, and has won awards from both "Chronicles" and "Food & Wine" magazines.
Biography.
Whilst still at high school, she gained her first kitchen based job at a local country club, where she worked 40 hours a week. She dined at Aqua, and was invited into the kitchen. She subsequently impressed the chefs and was offered and apprenticeship at the restaurant. She attended Culinary Institute of America in 1994, whilst continuing to work at Aqua. She found her time at the restaurant intense on occasion, as chef Michael Mina would swear at her. She said that "I'd go home, cry, and have work-related anxiety dreams. But then when he praised my chiffonade of basil, it was all worth it".
She moved to Charles Nob Hill, a sister restaurant of Aqua, and under Ron Siegel she worked her way up through the ranks until she was executive chef. Whilst there she was named the Rising Star Chef in 2002 by "Chronicles" magazine, and was nominated on three occasions for a Rising Star James Beard Foundation Award.
She was awarded "Food & Wine" magazine's award for Best New Chef in 2004. She left to join restaurant Fifth Floor in 2006 as executive chef, which went on to win a Michelin star. After two years of planning, she opened her restaurant Frances in 2009, located in San Francisco, and quickly gained a Michelin star once more. She raised $400,000 for the restaurant through investors and had repaid them in full within eighteen months.
She has appeared on Food Network's "Chefs vs. City" as a contestant during season one. As of the 2012 Michelin Guide, she is one of ten female chefs in the United States to hold a Michelin star.

</doc>
<doc id="36864679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864679" title="List of PEN literary awards">
List of PEN literary awards

List of awards sponsored by International PEN centres. There are over 145 PEN centres around the world, some of which hold annual literary awards. The PEN American Center awards have been characterized as being among the "major" literary awards in America.

</doc>
<doc id="36864687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864687" title="Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 63 kg">
Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 63 kg

The women's 63 kg judo competition at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was held on 31 August at ExCeL London.

</doc>
<doc id="36864696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864696" title="Nasar Rural District">
Nasar Rural District

Nasar Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,275, in 1,067 families. The rural district has 28 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864711" title="Yael Cohen">
Yael Cohen

Yael Cohen is the founder & CEO of "Fuck Cancer", a health organization working for early detection and prevention of cancer. 
Life and career.
Cohen was born in South Africa and raised in Vancouver, British Columbia. She attended the University of British Columbia where she earned a Bachelor′s degree in Political Science and went on to work in finance. When her mother was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2009, Cohen started the organization "Fuck Cancer" as a way to help put an end to late stage cancer diagnosis. Through her work with this organization, Cohen has become a recognized health advocate, philanthropist and social entrepreneur.
Cohen is married to businessman Scooter Braun, who is singer Justin Bieber's manager.

</doc>
<doc id="36864716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864716" title="Noabad Rural District">
Noabad Rural District

Noabad Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 174, in 39 families. The rural district has 5 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864733" title="Taisuke Yamamoto">
Taisuke Yamamoto

Taisuke Yamamoto (山本 泰輔 Yamamoto Taisuke born July 2, 1976 Hiroshima) is a Japanese voice actor. He is best known for his roles as Takeru Takaishi (Digimon Adventure 02) Takeharu Shima (Gunparade Orchestra) and Nozomu Hikarigaoka (Daa! Daa! Daa!). He is also known for dubbing roles Terrance from South Park. He is currently employed with 81 Produce.

</doc>
<doc id="36864734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864734" title="Roland Aircraft">
Roland Aircraft

Roland Aircraft is a German aircraft manufacturer based in Mendig. The company is owned by Roland Hauke and specializes in the manufacture of all-metal aircraft, made from aluminium sheet.

</doc>
<doc id="36864738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864738" title="2012 Trophée des Alpilles">
2012 Trophée des Alpilles

The 2012 Trophée des Alpilles was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the fourth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2012 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Saint-Rémy-de-Provence, France between 3 and 9 September 2012.
Singles main draw entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="36864746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864746" title="Abu Direh">
Abu Direh

Abu Direh (, also Romanized as Abū Dīreh; also known as ‘Ali Dāhir and ‘Alī Z̧āher) is a village in Minubar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,626, in 294 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864749" title="Aleksei Kapoura">
Aleksei Kapoura

Aleksei Kapoura is a paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category S9 events.
Aleksei competed in the 1992 Summer Paralympics for the Unified team, there he won silver medals in both the 100m butterfly and 200m medley, having set games records in the heats of both events. He also competed in the 50m freestyle finishing fifth, the 100m freestyle finishing fourth and was part of the 4x100m freestyle team that finished seventh and 4x100m medley team that finished sixth. At the 1996 Summer Paralympics Aleksei competed for Russia where he again won the silver medal in the 100m butterfly and finished sixth in the 50m freestyle, eighth in the 100m freestyle and failed to make the final of the 100m backstroke. In 2000 Aleksei failed to match his earlier performances only finishing eighth in the 100m butterfly, he failed to make the final of the 50m freestyle, 100m freestyle or 200m medley and was part of the Russian team that finished eighth in the 4x100m medley.

</doc>
<doc id="36864763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864763" title="Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 70 kg">
Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 70 kg

The women's 70 kg judo competition at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was held on 1 September at ExCeL London.

</doc>
<doc id="36864764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864764" title="Abu Ghizlan">
Abu Ghizlan

Abu Ghizlan (, also Romanized as Abū Ghizlān) is a village in Minubar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 475, in 82 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864769" title="Abu Khazravi">
Abu Khazravi

Abu Khazravi (, also Romanized as Abū Khaẕrāvī; also known as Abū Khaẕrārī, Sabzān, and Shelīshāt) is a village in Minubar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 594, in 116 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864771" title="Rina Akiyama (swimmer)">
Rina Akiyama (swimmer)

Rina Akiyama is a paralympic swimmer from Japan competing mainly in category S11 events.
Rina competed as part of the Japanese Paralympic swimming team at two Paralympics, firstly in 2004 and then again in 2008. In 2004 she finished sixth in the 200m individual medley, sixth in her heat in the 50m freestyle, fifth in the 100m freestyle heat, eighth in the final of the 100m breaststroke. At the 2004 games she improved to finish second behind Qimeng Dong of China who swam a 100m backstroke world record she also finished eighth in the 50m freestyle and finished fifth in her heat of the 100m freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="36864776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864776" title="Régis Jolivet">
Régis Jolivet

Régis Jolivet (8 November 1891 – 4 August 1966) was a French philosopher and Roman Catholic priest. In 1932, he founded the school of philosophy at the Catholic University of Lyon, and was made a knight (Chevalier) of the Legion of Honour in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="36864795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864795" title="2012 BRD Brașov Challenger">
2012 BRD Brașov Challenger

The 2012 BRD Brașov Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on Clay courts. It was the 17th edition of the tournament which was part of the 2012 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Brașov, Romania between 3 and 9 September 2012.
Singles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="36864796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864796" title="Ángel Marín">
Ángel Marín

Ángel Marín is a paralympic athlete from Spain competing mainly in category TS4 distance events.
Angel competed in three events at the 1988 Summer Paralympics the men's 800m, 1500m and 5000m winning gold in all three events and set new world records in the 1500m and 5000m. Unfortunately at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in his home country he did not do as well he finished sixth in the 800m, fifth in the 1500m and third in the 5000m, he also won a silver in the 10,000m all four of these races were won by compatriot Javier Conde who broke the world record in the 1500m, 5000m and 10,000m.

</doc>
<doc id="36864798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864798" title="Jigonhsasee">
Jigonhsasee

Jigonhsasee was a Native American and is described as a "powerful woman" of the Haudenosaunee nation, the "people of the longhouse". Jigonhsasee has been called the Mother of Nations as referenced by the anthropologist John Brown Childs, a professor emeritus at University of Califorina at Santa Cruz. She has also been called the Great Peacewoman by Jean Houston on page 57 of her book "Manual for the Peacemaker". Jigonhasasee was a name given to the single woman who with three other men formed the Iroquois Confederacy in C.E. 1142 or as late as 1570-1600, and some date it to before the landing of Columbus. Reliable sources believe that the constitution of the Iroquois Confederacy became a basis for the U.S. Constitution, as the founding fathers otherwise lacked an example of a document to define and cement a democracy in the modern world. The men with whom Jigonhsasee formed the Iroquois Confederacy were Hiawatha, Dekanawidah, and Tadadaho.
Jigonhsasee means "she who lives on the road to war." In another interpretation of the same legend, Jacon Needleman claims that Jigonhsasee means "New Face." He writes that the Great Peacemaker (the otherwise unnamed person who brings Hiawatha and Jigonhsasee together to create the Iroquois confederacy) called her New Face because "It is in your coutenance that a New Mind is manifest" and that out of the "womb of the new mind" new nations will be born.
Legend.
Jigonhsasee was known for housing warriors as they traveled to and from battlegrounds and homes. Her hearth became what amounted to a United Nations, where the warriors of the various factions could come, eat her food, and she acted as council to resolve their disputes. It is this context that Deganawidah came to her and described his vision for a peace built upon a confederacy of the currently warring nations. Because she interacted with the various tribes, Deganawidah gave her the task of appointing which men should sit at the peace gathering. For becoming the first ally in his peace movement, Deganawidah called her Mother of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="36864807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864807" title="Durie">
Durie

Durie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36864812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864812" title="EDZ Irigary Bridge">
EDZ Irigary Bridge

The EDZ Irigary Bridge is a historic Pennsylvania truss bridge in southeastern Johnson County, Wyoming. The bridge was built in 1913 at Sussex, Wyoming, and moved in 1963 to Irigary Road. The bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 as part of a Multiple Property Submission devoted to historic bridges in Wyoming.
Design.
The Pratt truss was invented in 1844 by Thomas and Caleb Pratt. A Pratt truss has vertical members and diagonals that slope down towards the center. The interior diagonals are under tension, and the vertical elements are under compression. The Pennsylvania truss is a variation on the Pratt truss. While the Pratt truss has braced diagonal members in all panels, the Pennsylvania truss has half-length struts or ties in the top, bottom, or both parts of the panels. The Pennsylvania truss is named after the Pennsylvania Railroad, which pioneered this design. The Pennsylvania truss was once used for hundreds of bridges in the United States but the design fell out of favor in the 1930s and only a few such bridges remain. The EDZ Irigary Bridge, with a span of , has the longest clear span of any county bridge still in use in Wyoming, and is one of the most important historic bridges in Wyoming.
Construction.
On February 4, 1913, Johnson County awarded the contract for this bridge over the Powder River at Sussex, Wyoming, about east of Kaycee. The parts for the new bridge were fabricated by the Canton Bridge Company of Canton, Ohio. The bridge at Sussex replaced two earlier bridges at Powder River Crossing, located about to the north. 
The small community of Sussex, Wyoming grew up around the bridge, and the Sussex Post Office and Store was built the following year in 1914. The Black and Yellow Trail was established in 1915, and it crossed the Powder River using the new bridge, until the trail was rerouted through Arvada, Wyoming to the north a few years later. The road at Sussex eventually became Wyoming Highway 192.
In 1963, a new concrete bridge was built about upstream from the EDZ Irigary Bridge. The old steel bridge was moved by the Etlin Construction Company of Casper, Wyoming. The bridge now crosses the Powder River downstream from Sussex on Johnson County Road 172 (Irigary Road).

</doc>
<doc id="36864823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864823" title="David M. Blitzer">
David M. Blitzer

David M. Blitzer Ph.D, is the Chairman and Managing Director at S&P Dow Jones Indices, where he is head of the index committee that determines which stocks are added to the stock market indices calculated by the company. Blitzer serves as Managing Director and Chairman of the Index Committee at S&P/Dow Jones Indices LLC with overall responsibility for index security selection, as well as index analysis and management. Blitzer served as Standard & Poor’s Chief Economist. He was Corporate Economist at The McGraw-Hill Companies, S&P's parent corporation. Prior to that, he was a Senior Economic Analyst with National Economic Research Associates, Inc. and did consulting work for various government and private sector agencies including the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection, the National Commission on Materials Policy and Natural Resources Defense Council. Dr. Blitzer served as Chief Economist and Equity Analyst at S&P Capital IQ Equity Research and S&P Credit Research. He is the author of Outpacing the Pros: Using Indices to Beat Wall Street’s Savviest Money Managers, (McGraw-Hill, 2001) and What’s the Economy Trying to Tell You? Everyone’s Guide to Understanding and Profiting from the Economy, (McGraw-Hill, 1997). In the year 2000, he was named to SmartMoney magazine’s distinguished list of the 30 most influential people in the world of investing, which ranked him seventh, and in the year 1998, he was named the Nation’s top economist, receiving the Blue Chip Economic Forecasting Award for most accurately predicting the country’s leading economic indicators for four years in a row. A well-known speaker at investing and indexing conferences, Dr. Blitzer is often quoted in the national business press, including the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, USA Today, Financial Times, and various other financial and industry publications. 
Education.
Blitzer has a B.S. in engineering from Cornell University, an M.A. in economics from George Washington University, and a Ph.D. in economics from Columbia University.

</doc>
<doc id="36864827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864827" title="Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's +70 kg">
Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's +70 kg

The women's +70 kg judo competition at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was held on 1 September at ExCeL London.

</doc>
<doc id="36864830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864830" title="Abu Oqab">
Abu Oqab

Abu Oqab (, also Romanized as Abū ‘Oqāb; also known as Bāgābb) is a village in Minubar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 704, in 160 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864841" title="Abu Shakar">
Abu Shakar

Abu Shakar (, also Romanized as Abū Shakar) is a village in Minubar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 872, in 183 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864846" title="Sadanoumi Kōji">
Sadanoumi Kōji

Sadanoumi Kōji (born 19 July 1956 as Hiroshi Matsumara) is a former sumo wrestler from Sakai, Osaka, Japan. He made his professional debut in March 1972, and reached the top division in November 1980. His highest rank was "komusubi". He retired in July 1988 and became an elder in the Japan Sumo Association under the name Tagonoura. He left the Sumo Association in August 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36864848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864848" title="Albu Hamid">
Albu Hamid

Albu Hamid (, also Romanized as Ālbū Ḩamīd and Ālbū Hamīd) is a village in Minubar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,623, in 307 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864851" title="Hell-to-Pay Austin">
Hell-to-Pay Austin

Hell-to-Pay Austin is a 1916 American silent film directed by Paul Powell and starring Wilfred Lucas in the title role, along with Bessie Love, Eugene Pallette and Mary Alden. It was accompanied by the Charles Chaplin short comedy "One A.M." in some theaters during its initial theatrical release.
Plot Synopsis.
When a minister dies from alcoholism, his daughter Briar Rose is unofficially adopted by a team of lumberjacks, including the rough-and-tumble 'Hell-to-Pay' Austin. The child's innocence and purity eventually transform Austin into an upstanding Christian. Briar goes away to boarding school and Austin has to come to her rescue when she falls in with the wrong crowd. Reunited, they discover that their guardian/ward relationship has evolved into one of true love and they marry.
Cast.
"uncredited"

</doc>
<doc id="36864854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864854" title="Khazalabad">
Khazalabad

Khazalabad (, also Romanized as Khaz‘alābād; also known as Bahmanbār) is a village in Minubar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 612, in 128 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864867" title="Kut-e Shannuf">
Kut-e Shannuf

Kut-e Shannuf (, also Romanized as Kūt-e Shannūf, Kūt-e-Shanūf, and Kūt Shanūf; also known as Del Āvīz) is a village in Minubar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,425, in 241 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864881" title="Nahr-e Afadeleh">
Nahr-e Afadeleh

Nahr-e Afadeleh (, also Romanized as Nahr-e ʿAfādeleh) is a village in Minubar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 375, in 64 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864882" title="Lionel March">
Lionel March

Lionel March (born in Hove, United Kingdom, 1934) is a British mathematician, architect and digital artist, perhaps best known for his early pioneering of computer-aided architecture and art.
Early life and education.
March was born in Hove, England in 1934. As a teenager, his interests included mathematics, theatre and design. At the age of seventeen he wrote an original mathematical paper generalizing the theory of complex numbers to n-dimensions, for which the computer pioneer Alan Turing wrote: ‘You have done this research with imagination and competence.’ For this, March was awarded a state scholarship to read mathematics at Magdalene College, Cambridge in 1954, where he earned a B.A. and Doctor of Science. During his studies, Lionel March was the President of the Cambridge University Opera Group, for which he designed a lot of stage sets. Early work also included illustrations, and book cover designs for Cambridge University Press.
Later life and career.
March was the first director of the Centre for Land Use and Built Form Studies, now the Martin Centre for Architectural and Urban Studies, Cambridge University. He has held professorships in Systems Engineering at the University of Waterloo, Ontario, in Design Technology at The Open University, Milton Keynes, and since 1984 in the Graduate School of Architecture and Urban Planning, UCLA, where he was the chair in the period 1985-1991 and is currently a professor emeritus in Design and Computation, UCLA.
March also experimented in serial art since the 1960s and became one of the world's first digital artists. In 1962 he held an exhibition titled "Experiments in serial art" in the Institute of Contemporary Arts, London, and since then he has completed fifty years of art production working with golden ration, the Platonic solids and geometric and mathematical principles in design.
March's biggest contribution is in architecture and computation. In 1965 he worked as an assistant of Leslie Martin for the project "Whitehall: a Plan for a National and Government Centre", and as such he made one of the first computer-aided architectural investigations. Since then he devoted himself in research. His contribution is evidenced by the long list of books he edited and authored. He is the founding editor of the international research journal, "Planning and Design", which is one of the four sections of Environment and Planning.
Lionel March was the General Editor of the twelve volume Cambridge Architectural and Urban Studies, and Founding Editor of the journal "Environment and Planning B: Planning and Design". Among the books he has published as editor are "The Geometry of Environment", "Urban Space and Structures", "The Architecture of Form", "R. M. Schindler: Composition and Construction"; and as author "The Architectonics of Humanism: Essays on Number in Architecture", and with Kim Williams and Stephen Wassell "The Mathematical Works of Leon Battista Alberti"; and as guest editor "Shape and Shape Grammars".
Awards and honours.
March is the recipient of the Harkness Fellowship of the Commonwealth Fund (1962).

</doc>
<doc id="36864884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864884" title="Nahr-e Kut, Minubar">
Nahr-e Kut, Minubar

Nahr-e Kut (, also Romanized as Nahr-e Kūt) is a village in Minubar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 189, in 35 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864887" title="1970 America's Cup">
1970 America's Cup

The 1970 America's Cup was held in September 1970 at Newport, Rhode Island. The US defender, "Intrepid", skippered by Bill Stawbridge, defeated the Australian challenger, "Gretel II", skippered by James Hardy, four races to one.
"Intrepid" had beaten "Heritage" and "Valiant" to become the defender. "Gretel II" had beaten "France" to become the challenger.

</doc>
<doc id="36864896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864896" title="Nahr-e Kut">
Nahr-e Kut

Nahr-e Kut () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36864904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864904" title="Nahr-e Kut, Nasar">
Nahr-e Kut, Nasar

Nahr-e Kut (, also Romanized as Nahr-e Kūt; also known as Kūt) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 196, in 39 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864914" title="Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 90 kg">
Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 90 kg

The men's 90 kg judo competition at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was held on 1 September at ExCeL London.

</doc>
<doc id="36864922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864922" title="Nahr-e Salim">
Nahr-e Salim

Nahr-e Salim (, also Romanized as Nahr-e Salīm; also known as Salīm) is a village in Minubar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,138, in 266 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864937" title="1974 America's Cup">
1974 America's Cup

The 1974 America's Cup was held in September 1974 at Newport, Rhode Island. The US defender, "Courageous", skippered by Ted Hood, defeated the Australian challenger, "Southern Cross", skippered by James Hardy, four races to zero.
"Courageous" had beaten "Intrepid", "Heritage" and "Valiant" to become the defender. "Southern Cross" had beaten "France" to become the challenger.

</doc>
<doc id="36864941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864941" title="Salim, Iran">
Salim, Iran

Salim () in Iran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36864952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864952" title="Padegan-e Khosrowabad">
Padegan-e Khosrowabad

Padegan-e Khosrowabad (, also Romanized as Pādegān Khosrowābād; also known as Gārdseāḥlī) is a village in Minubar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 165, in 50 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36864957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864957" title="Let There Be Cowgirls">
Let There Be Cowgirls

"Let There Be Cowgirls" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Chris Cagle. It was released in July 2012 as the second single from his album "Back in the Saddle". The song was written by Cagle and Kim Tribble.
Background.
Cagle said, "This is a ‘Tah-Dah!’ song; we got lucky, it wrote itself, I’m surrounded by beauty at the ranch and ‘my cowgirls’ are part of the art; I have a genuine appreciation. ‘Cowgirls’ is already a fan favorite at our shows." Cagle said the song is inspired by his wife Kay.
Critical reception.
Ben Foster of "Country Universe" gave the album a C rating and described as "“Got My Country On,” Part 2". Allen Jacobs of "Roughstock" wrote, "It suits Cagle's masculine persona as well as his bigger rockin' hits have and with radio and fans reminded of who he is, it has the road laid-out for at least another Top 20, perhaps Top 10 success. Daryl Addison of GAC wrote the song "features some superbly swamp-filled resonator and B-3 organ to round out the hard-country production."
Chart performance.
"Let There Be Cowgirls" debuted at number 56 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for the week of July 14, 2012. It also debuted at number 97 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for the week of February 9, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36864969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864969" title="Pettit Marine Paint">
Pettit Marine Paint

Pettit Marine Paint is a manufacturer of marine (boat) coatings and epoxies for consumer and commercial markets. The company was established in 1861, its headquarters are located in Rockaway, New Jersey.
History.
In 1861, the Gardiner McInnes Company in Salem, Massachusetts was developing the “Old Salem” anti-fouling paint line. This product was manufactured as a plastic lump that had to be heated, melted and mixed. “Old Salem” was used primarily by the United States Navy, but the demand eventually diminished and the McInnes Company switched gears, developing an architectural line of “Old Salem” paints. During World War II they would revert to the marine industry, developing McInnes Green, an antifouling paint that was used in large quantities on US Government contracts. 
During these years for the Gardiner McInnes Company, another paint company was emerging onto the scene. A chemist John L Pettit decided to branch away from the company and begin his own line of paints. In 1923 John L Pettit established the Pettit Paint Company, based in Jersey City, New Jersey. 
Not long after establishing their company, the Pettit Paint Company purchased the McInnes Company along with their established brands, including the “Old Salem” line. This purchase would expand the products Pettit offered as well as their customer base. As the Pettit Paint Company gained popularity, they relocated to a larger, more accommodating plant in Belleville, New Jersey. After four expansions, the Pettit Paint Company and their offices were moved to Rockaway, New Jersey in 1972. 
In California the Z-Spar line was coming to life. Andrew Brown had been involved in a joint venture with his brother, specializing in automotive and home paint. With operations out of both California and Argentina, the pair discovered that working as a joint union was too difficult. After breaking away from the business with his brother, Brown was ready to tackle a new market on his own. In 1948, Brown introduced a line of marine paint known as Z-Spar. After a successful run with the product, Z-Spar was sold to a company called Koppers. Shortly after Z-Spar joined Koppers, they would purchase the Woolsey line, merging the two companies under one name. Pettit Marine Paint was established in 1972, after the unification of three lines of marine paint manufactures – Pettit, Woolsey, and Z-Spar. 
Throughout the years, the Pettit line would continue to grow in the pleasure boat market. From the early 1980s through 1990 the companies were brought and sold various times until the three lines were all under the ownership of Koppers. The products were expanded and improved. Today, the Pettit lines, along with the Woolsey and Z-Spar have been combined under the name, Pettit Marine Paint and continue to operate out of the Rockaway, New Jersey plant.
Paint Types and Technologies.
Hard Modified Epoxies - The active ingredient leaches out while the paint film stays mostly intact. Leaching Coppers lose performance as time goes by and must be repainted after dry storage. Traditional Leaching Paints do not require movement and work equally well at the dock and underway. These products should be sanded well prior to re-coating to prevent build-up.
Ablatives - (Ultima Technology) Ablative polymers paints wear away with use exposing new biocides, both the biocides and the paint film disappear over time. Ablative Polymers can be used multi‐season and maintain a more steady performance throughout their useful life. Ablative Polymers require movement of the boat in order to work. Works similar to a bar of soap. Polishes and wears away with use. 
Hybrid - (Vivid Technology) Hybrid antifoulings offering a hard paint that does not build up. Hybrid's work by leaching out the biocides just as a Traditional Leaching Copper does, but once the biocides are gone, the paint film will break down exposing a new layer of biocide. Hybrid paint films resist build ‐up but can be burnished, trailered, dry-stored, and taken in and out of the water without loss of protection.
Copper Free - Econea is a non-metal biocide which is extremely effective against hard-shelled fouling organisms including barnacles, hydroids, mussels, oysters and tube worms. Econea should always be combined with a secondary biocide to prevent soft growth and enhance its antifouling capabilities. 
White Copper -(Cuprous Thiocyanate)- requires 50% less copper content than the heavy, dark copper used in conventional antifouling paints. They are the only copper-based paints that are compatible with aluminum. 
Low Density Copper - replaces the core of traditional Cuprous Oxide with environmentally friendly materials found naturally in the ocean. The result is a copper biocide that provides the performance of a conventional cuprous oxide antifoulant while reducing the amount of copper introduced into the environment. 
Irgarol - is used in many dual biocide products, Irgarol is an algicide designed for use in antifouling paints to prevent soft growth such as algae and grasses. 
Water Based (Hydrocoat Technology)- This formula uses water to replace the harsh solvents found in conventional antifouling paints. The product has an extremely low VOC content. The unique low‐odor formula allows unlimited dry time to launch, and allows painting indoors.
Clean Core Technology - An enhanced paint film that contains fewer heavy metals, and allows a more consistent release of biocides. By removing the heavy metals in the paint film, and replacing them with more environmentally friendly additives, Clean Core Technology can reduce the amount of heavy metals released into our waters by up to 90%. These new additives have been specially formulated to provide a more “finetuned” and consistent release of the biocides from the paint film. This results in a more effective bottom paint that requires lower biocide levels to deliver full antifouling protection.

</doc>
<doc id="36864972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864972" title="Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 kg">
Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 kg

The men's 100 kg judo competition at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was held on 1 September at ExCeL London.

</doc>
<doc id="36864978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864978" title="Kilinochchi Hindu College">
Kilinochchi Hindu College

Kilinochchi Hindu College ( "Kiḷinocci Intuk Kallūri") is a provincial school in Kilinochchi, Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="36864992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36864992" title="Outernauts">
Outernauts

Outernauts is an Adobe Flash social role-playing video game for Facebook. Developed by Insomniac Games, it is the developer's first social video game, as well as their first game for a non-Sony platform. The game is published by Electronic Arts and was released as an open beta in July 2012. It was announced by Insomniac Games that the game will no longer be available on Facebook from January 31, 2014 and will be ported to iOS.
Game play.
As Outernauts, players must explore alien planets to capture and nurture creatures with which to do battle, in gameplay similar to the Pokémon series. Player actions are limited by "energy", an in-game resource that accumulates over time, but which can also be purchased with real-world currency.
Critics praised the game's presentation, with Eurogamer noting its "classy cartoon visuals, slick orchestral soundtrack and finely-tuned UI." Eurogamer commented on the size of the game's world, describing how even with a week of play, the galaxy map still remained mostly unlocked. "GamesTM" too, praised the game world as "interesting to explore", the characters "providing a sense of unknown that continues to entice".
Inside Social Games compared the depth of "Outernauts"' gameplay favourably to other social games, but warned that the social viral mechanics, such as "nag screens" and "pay to win" mechanics would ward off the core gamers it set to attract. "GamesTM" likewise, found the energy system to be the game's biggest hindrance, and one which could frustrate by interrupting gameplay. Despite this, "GamesTM" concluded that "Outernauts" was "a step up on most Facebook games".

</doc>
<doc id="36865021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865021" title="Abu Abud">
Abu Abud

Abu Abud (, also Romanized as Abū ‘Abūd; also known as Rūstā-ye Abū ‘Ayūd) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 303, in 64 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865022" title="James Stafford (cricketer)">
James Stafford (cricketer)

James Pratt Stafford (1 January 1844 – 24 August 1919) was an English cricketer. Stafford's batting and bowling styles are unknown. He was born at Godalming, Surrey.
Stafford made a single first-class appearance for Surrey against Yorkshire in 1864 at Brammall Lane, Sheffield. Surrey won the toss and elected to bat first, making 195 all out, with Stafford the last man out in the innings, dismissed for a duck by Luke Greenwood. Yorkshire were then dismissed for 236 in their first-innings, during which Stafford bowled twelve wicketless overs, which conceded 31 runs. In response, Surrey made 247 all out in their second-innings, with Stafford once again the last man out when he was dismissed for a duck by Roger Iddison. Yorkshire reached 33/2 in their second-innings, at which point the match was declared a draw.
He died at Fratton, Hampshire, on 24 August 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="36865036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865036" title="Czech regional elections, 2012">
Czech regional elections, 2012

Elections to regional councils in the Czech Republic were held in 13 regions (except Prague) on 12–13 October 2012. The Czech Social Democratic Party won in 9 regions, though it suffered a considerable loss of votes. The Communist Party of Bohemia and Moravia won elections in two regions and increased the number of votes received, placing second overall. The Civic Democratic Party is widely seen as having been defeated; it finished third overall and won only in the Plzeň region. The regional grouping Mayors for the Liberec Region surprisingly won the election in its region.
Background.
The Czech Social Democratic Party won 2008 election in all regions. Though it lost significant support in the months before election, the party was leading in polls, as parties of right-wing government were highly unpopular. People have been losing confidence in established parties over the long-term and have been turning to non-parliamentary parties. A growing part of population seemed to be leaning to the Communist Party of Bohemia and Moravia, which had been isolated in Czech politics since the Velvet Revolution.
Jihočeský kraj (South Bohemian region).
The Czech Social Democratic Party won the 2008 election in the region with 33.80% of the vote and formed a coalition with the ODS.
Jihomoravský kraj (South Moravian region).
Czech Social Democratic Party won 2008 election in region with 34.84% of votes and formed coalition with ODS.
Karlovarský kraj (Karlovy Vary region).
The Czech Social Democratic Party won the 2008 election in region with 31.39% of votes and formed a coalition with the KSČM and Doktoři (za uzdravení společnosti).
Královéhradecký kraj (Hradec Králové region).
Czech Social Democratic Party won 2008 election in region with 31.94% of votes and formed coalition with Coalition for Hradec Hrálové region and SNK ED.
Liberecký kraj (Liberec region).
Czech Social Democratic Party won 2008 election in region with 26.79% of votes and formed coalition with Mayors and independents for Liberec region and Party for the Open Society.
Moravskoslezský kraj (Moravian-Silesian region).
Czech Social Democratic Party won 2008 election in region with 42.63% of votes and formed coalition with Communist Party of Bohemia and Moravia.
Olomoucký kraj (Olomouc region).
Czech Social Democratic Party won 2008 election in region with 39.78% of votes and formed coalition with Civic Democratic Party and KDU-ČSL.
Pardubický kraj (Pardubice region).
Czech Social Democratic Party won 2008 election in region with 35.73% of votes and formed coalition with Coalition for Pardubice region.
Plzeňský kraj (Plzeň region).
Czech Social Democratic Party won 2008 election in region with 36.37% of votes and formed coalition with support of communists.
Středočeský kraj (Central Bohemian region).
Czech Social Democratic Party won 2008 election in region with 35.16% of votes and formed a government with support of communists.
Ústecký kraj (Ústí region).
Czech Social Democratic Party won 2008 election in region with 32.78% of votes and formed coalition with Civic Democratic Party and Mirko Bernas who left Severočeši.cz.
kraj Vysočina (Vysočina region).
Czech Social Democratic Party won 2008 election in region with 39.87% of votes and formed coalition with support of communists.
Zlínský kraj (Zlín region).
Czech Social Democratic Party won 2008 election in region with 35.40% of votes and formed coalition with Civic Democratic Party and Christian Democrats.

</doc>
<doc id="36865044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865044" title="Abu Arazeh">
Abu Arazeh

Abu Arazeh (, also Romanized as Abū ʿArāz̤eh) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 95, in 14 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865062" title="Abu Sadreyn">
Abu Sadreyn

Abu Sadreyn (, also Romanized as Abū Şadreyn; also known as Farāzān and Rūstā-ye Abū Şadreyn) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 215, in 48 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865063" title="Kilinochchi Maha Vidyalayam">
Kilinochchi Maha Vidyalayam

Kilinochchi Maha Vidyalayam ( "Kiḷinocci Makā Vittiyālayam", formerly known as Kanista Maha Vidyalayam) is a provincial school in Kilinochchi, Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="36865085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865085" title="Farrokh Pey">
Farrokh Pey

Farrokh Pey (; also known as Sa‘dūnī) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 523, in 97 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865097" title="Nahr-e Abu Dahan">
Nahr-e Abu Dahan

Nahr-e Abu Dahan (, also Romanized as Nahr-e Abū Dahan) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 81, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865098" title="Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's +100 kg">
Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's +100 kg

The men's +100 kg judo competition at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was held on 1 September at ExCeL London.

</doc>
<doc id="36865106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865106" title="Nahr-e Abu Felfel">
Nahr-e Abu Felfel

Nahr-e Abu Felfel (, also Romanized as Nahr-e Abū Felfel; also known as Abū Felfel and Farkand) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 532, in 113 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865135" title="Patsy Brophy">
Patsy Brophy

Patrick "Patsy" Brophy (born 1970) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right wing-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
Brophy joined the team during the 1991-92 National League and was a regular member of the team until for just two seasons. An All-Ireland winning captain in the minor grade and an All-Ireland medalist in the under-21 grade, Brophy was a two-time All-Ireland runner-up as a non-playing substitute at senior level. 
At club level Brophy played with the Erin's Own club.

</doc>
<doc id="36865154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865154" title="List of Akron Zips in the MLS Draft">
List of Akron Zips in the MLS Draft

The University of Akron men's soccer team has had drafted in Major League Soccer (MLS). Youth New Zealand international Cameron Knowles was the first 'Zip' to play in MLS when he appeared for the Real Salt Lake against the Los Angeles Galaxy on June 22, 2007. Kyle Veris was the first selected in the MLS SuperDraft. In the 2011 draft, Akron made MLS history when five players were selected in the first round, including picks number two through four.
Steve Zakuani and Teal Bunbury, of DR Congo and the United States, have both played for their respective 'A' national team. Perry Kitchen, Kofi Sarkodie, and Zarek Valentin have all played for the United States U-23's while Blair Gavin and Anthony Ampaipitakwong have played for the U-20's and U-17's. Cameron Knowles was part of the New Zealand U-17 squad during the 1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship

</doc>
<doc id="36865168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865168" title="Lee Boon Chim">
Lee Boon Chim

Tan Sri Dr Lee Boon Chim P.S.M, S.M.S (1926-1998) was a Malaysian businessman and a pioneer of standard Malaysia rubber, who helped guide Malaysian rubber into becoming a valuable international commodity. He was also the Chairman of the Kuala Lumpur Commodity Exchange and later a Senator in the Malaysian Senate, participating in various government activities.
Personal life.
Lee Boon Chim was born and went to school in Singapore. A distant relative of the philanthropist Lee Kong Chian. He went to Cheklang University to read history but his studies were interrupted by the Civil War.
He married Puan Sri Choi Lai Wah and had 5 children. He was an avid connoisseur of cigar and pipe smoking, and eventually succumbed to lung cancer. He also suffered from diabetes and Parkinson's disease. He died peacefully in London in 1998, where he spent his last days surrounded by his family often visiting Kew Gardens in England, where the initial rubber seeds collected by Henry Wickham from Brazil were germinated before export to British Malaya, Singapore and Ceylon.
Career.
Following an apprenticeship as a clerk, he was appointed in 1948 as the Manager of Lee Rubber Co Ltd in Kuala Lumpur and was later promoted to Managing Director of Lee Rubber (Selangor) Sdn Bhd in 1962. 
He was appointed as the Chairman of the KL commodity exchange, the first futures exchange in Malaysia and all of Southeast Asia. Amongst his other posts were the President of the Federation of Rubber Trade Associations and Board Member on the Malaysian Rubber Exchange & Licensing Board.
Lee Boon Chim was involved in all aspects of the industry ranging from trading, research and development, marketing and management. In 1964 he pioneered the commercial production of Technically Specified Natural Rubber (TSR) and his efforts culminated in the first production of TSR, which later evolved into Standard Malaysia Rubber (SMR) in 1965, which was an industry milestone resulting in a method of grading rubber quality (by ash, nitrogen, dirt and volatile substance content), which revolutionised the industry; for the first time, allowing buyers to choose the quality of rubber they needed. The standard was later adopted and imitated by many other natural rubber producing countries to grade their own national rubber (SIR, STR etc.).
He was a founder member of the Institution of the Rubber Industry (Malaysia), now the Plastics & Rubber Institute, and an Honorary Life Vice President.
Towards his later life he was appointed a Senator in the Malaysian Senate.
Awards.
He has been honored twice by the Yang Dipertuan Agong, (King of Malaysia) with the Companion of the Order of the Crown of Malaysia - Johan Setia Mahkota (JSM) in 1969 and the Commander of the Order of the Crown of Malaysia - Panglima Setia Mahkota (PSM) in 1976.
He has also received an Honorary Doctorate in Law from the University of Malaya (1971) and the 1992 Gold Medal from the Malaysian Institute of Chemistry (IKM).

</doc>
<doc id="36865176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865176" title="Gjesvær Chapel">
Gjesvær Chapel

Gjesvær Chapel () is a chapel in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. It is located in the village of Gjesvær on the western end of the island of Magerøya. The chapel is part of the Nordkapp parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
The white, wooden chapel is privately owned and it was built in 1960. It seats about 70 people. The chapel is regarded as an important piece of cultural heritage; it has number 84260 in the Norwegian cultural heritage monument database.

</doc>
<doc id="36865185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865185" title="Malaysia national men's squash team">
Malaysia national men's squash team

The Malaysia national men's squash team represents Malaysia in international squash team competitions, and is governed by Squash Racquets Association Of Malaysia.
Since 1967, Malaysia has participated in six quarter finals of the World Squash Team Open.

</doc>
<doc id="36865187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865187" title="À la Mère Catherine">
À la Mère Catherine

À la Mère Catherine is a "brasserie" in the 18th arrondissement of Paris, France. It is the oldest restaurant located at place du Tertre. It is situated in a building that previously served as the church presbytery of Saint-Pierre de Montmartre.
History.
Founded in 1793, it is one of the oldest restaurants in Paris. A plaque at its entrance gives a folk etymology of the word "bistro": that on March 30, 1814, while a group of Russian soldiers were dining at Mère Catherine, they asked for drinks, "bystro" (Cyrillic: "быстро"; Russian: "quickly"). Thereafter, "bistro" became a description of a restaurant where you could get food or drink quickly. In the early twentieth century, the bistro was managed by Mr. Lemoine and owned by Père Labille. During the French Revolution, Georges Danton met his disciples at Mère Catherine. During the Nazi occupation of Paris, 1941-1944, Ernst Jünger was a patron. At one time, guests could enjoy a game of billiards at Mère Catherine; an old postcard depicts billiards players posing in front of the bar. Today, the restaurant is frequented mostly by tourists.
Architecture and fittings.
The interior is characterized by dark wood walls, terra cotta tiles, and exposed wooden ceiling beams. It is furnished with large crocks, framed oil paintings of Montmartre landmarks, wooden chairs, and red-and-white checked linens.

</doc>
<doc id="36865206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865206" title="Nahr-e Abu Shanak">
Nahr-e Abu Shanak

Nahr-e Abu Shanak (, also Romanized as Nahr-e Abū Shānak; also known as Abū Shānak) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 266, in 51 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865209" title="Abu Shanak">
Abu Shanak

Abu Shanak (, also Romanized as Abū Shānak and Abū Shānek; also known as Abowlshānak, Bashnak, Bū Shānek, Sânel, Shānek, Shānel, and Shanel) is a village in Bahmanshir-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,031, in 161 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865212" title="Jefferson Patterson Park &amp; Museum">
Jefferson Patterson Park &amp; Museum

Jefferson Patterson Park & Museum (JPPM) is a 560 acre state park and museum located along the Patuxent River in St. Leonard, Calvert County, Maryland. The property of JPPM was given to the State of Maryland by Mary Marvin Patterson in 1983 in honor of her husband Jefferson Patterson, a U.S. diplomat.
The property has more than 70 identified archaeological sites, with current excavation and research being done. The land features 9,000 years of documented human occupation.
The park has hiking, walking, and bike trails, a canoe and kayak launch, a visitor's center with exhibits and a gift shop, an exhibit barn, a pavilion for event rental, a recreated Indian village, and a historic house. JPPM has several annual events as well as educational programs and summer camps. Admission is free.
The visitor center, located in a former cattle barn, features displays about the science of archaeology and the work being done on the property. The barn features a War of 1812 exhibit, displays of antique farm equipment and displays about the site's archaeological and cultural history.
The Indian Village was created in 2007 for the commemoration of the 400th anniversary of John Smith’s exploration of Chesapeake Bay and its tributaries. It provides a glimpse into life as it might have been when John Smith visited the people who lived along the Patuxent River. The village features four longhouses, a central fire pit, racks for smoking fish and meat, and a working garden outside the palisade where a variety of plants represent the crops Native people were growing.
Archaeology.
JPPM is also the home of the Maryland Archaeological Conservation Laboratory (MAC Lab), which houses over 8 million artifacts. The MAC Lab serves as a clearinghouse for archaeological collections recovered from land-based and underwater projects conducted by State and Federal agencies throughout Maryland. All of these collections are available for research, education, and exhibit purposes to students, scholars, museum curators, and educators.

</doc>
<doc id="36865214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865214" title="Moltke">
Moltke

Moltke is noble family resident in Germany and Scandinavia, originally from Mecklenburg. Members of the family have been noted as statesmen and high military officers in Denmark and Germany.
The family is descended from "Fridericus Meltiko", a knight of Mecklenburg who lived in the mid 13th century.

</doc>
<doc id="36865219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865219" title="Nahr-e Abu Azim">
Nahr-e Abu Azim

Nahr-e Abu Azim (, also Romanized as Nahr-e Abū ‘Aẕīm; also known as Abū ‘Aẕīm) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 308, in 48 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865231" title="Nahr-e Al Masadi">
Nahr-e Al Masadi

Nahr-e Al Masadi (, also Romanized as Nahr-e Al Masāʿdī) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865247" title="Nahr-e Azraq">
Nahr-e Azraq

Nahr-e Azraq (; also known as 'Azraq and Kabūdān) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 311, in 66 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865249" title="Friedrich August Georg Bitter">
Friedrich August Georg Bitter

Friedrich August Georg Bitter (13 August 1873 – 30 July 1927) was a German botanist and lichenologist.
Born in Bremen, he studied at the Universities of Jena, Munich and Kiel, earning his doctorate at the latter institution in 1896. Afterwards he performed assignments in Berlin. In his studies he was influenced by instructors such as Simon Schwendener (1829–1919), Friedrich Wilhelm Zopf (1846–1909) and Johannes Reinke (1849–1931). In 1905 he was named director of the botanical garden in Bremen. During the later part of his career he served as director of the botanical garden in Göttingen.
He specialized in the botanical genus "Solanum", as evidenced by his "Solana Africana", a four-part monograph in which he provided descriptions of all known African "Solanum" species. In the field of lichenology, he conducted anatomical and developmental studies on the thallus of lichens. He performed significant research involving the lichen genus "Parmelia" ("Hypogymnia").

</doc>
<doc id="36865267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865267" title="Jay Jordan">
Jay Jordan

Robert L. "Jay" Jordan (born 1943) is an American business executive who most recently served as president and executive officer of OCLC, an international computer library network and conglomerate of databases and webservices representing more than 70,000 libraries. He served as president of OCLC from 1998 to his retirement in June 2013.
Biography.
Jay Jordan earned a bachelor's degree in English literature from Colgate University. He served in the U.S. Army in Germany. After working for 3M in Europe and the U.S., he joined Information Handling Services, where he worked for 24 years and was president of one of its divisions, IHS Engineering. In 1998, he became president and CEO of OCLC. Jordan was the 4th president of OCLC, after Fred Kilgour, Rowland C.W. Brown and K. Wayne Smith.
OCLC.
At the time Jordan joined OCLC, the nonprofit organization represented 30,000 libraries. 14 years later technological developments had completely changed the information society and the use of libraries. Jordan succeeded in helping OCLC to adapt to these new developments.
WorldCat, the largest catalog in the world, is still one of the flagships of OCLC, containing more than 290 million bibliographic records from 72,000 libraries around the world. At the same time OCLC developed new services (like Question Point) and incorporated innovating firms like the Research Libraries Group (2006), PICA (2007), Ezproxy (2008) and OAIster (2009). OCLC sold NetLibrary in 2010. Recently, VIAF was implemented and hosted by OCLC. VIAF is a service to link identical records from different data sets together, thereby making it easier for patrons to find e.g. books from Dostoyevsky/Dostoïevski
During Jordan's presidency OCLC also created a library advocacy program ("Geek the library"). It invested in new computer infrastructure, so it could handle non-Roman scripts. OCLC introduced new initiatives to make libraries and their paper and digital holdings more visible. CONTENTdm was set up to create better and stable online visibility for special collections and art treasures.
Postponement of retirement.
In June 2012 Jay Jordan announced that he would postpone his retirement and continue leading OCLC until June 2013. In May 2013 OCLC announced Skip Prichard to be the new CEO and President of OCLC as of July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36865274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865274" title="Azraq, Iran">
Azraq, Iran

Azraq () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36865291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865291" title="Nahr-e Hamid">
Nahr-e Hamid

Nahr-e Hamid (, also Romanized as Nahr-e Ḩamīd; also known as Ālbū Ḩamīd and Ḩamīd) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 194, in 47 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865303" title="Caravan Tonight">
Caravan Tonight

Caravan Tonight is the first album by American singer-songwriter Steven Grossman. Released in 1974, it was the first album dealing with openly gay themes and subject matter within its lyrics to be released on a major label (Mercury Records).

</doc>
<doc id="36865324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865324" title="Momtaz El-Saeed">
Momtaz El-Saeed

Momtaz El-Saeed (also known as Momtaz Saeed Abu El Nour; born 1948) is an Egyptian civil servant who served in the government of Egypt as minister of finance from 2011 to 2013. 
Early life and education.
Saeed was born in 1948. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Ain Shams University in 1971.
Career.
During the late 1990s, Saeed served as general director of the Egyptian finance ministry's budget division. He was the ministry undersecretary during the term of Mubarak-era finance minister Youssef Boutros Ghali. Prior to being appointed minister by Prime Minister Kamal Ganzouri in the interim government in December 2011, Saeed served as the second-in-command at Egypt's finance ministry. Saeed was called from retirement in the middle of 2011 to work as deputy finance minister under Finance Minister Hazem Al Beblawi. 
On 2 August 2012, Saeed was sworn in as part of Prime Minister Hisham Qandil's cabinet. He was one of the independent ministers in the cabinet. Saeed leans towards the conservative side, and no dramatic policy changes were expected from him. He prepared Egypt's 2012-2013 state budget. Saeed was criticized by the Freedom and Justice Party (FJP) of the Muslim Brotherhood, who claimed that he delayed presenting the budget to the Egyptian parliament by two months deliberately. One official of the FJP called the budget that Saeed drafted "a plot" to ensure that President Morsi fails," and that it was the same as every budget during the era of President Hosni Mubarak. Saeed was replaced by Morsi Hegazy as finance minister in a cabinet reshuffle on 5 January 2013.
Egyptian economic crisis.
Following the Egyptian Revolution of 2011, Egypt's economy entered into decline, leading Egypt's central bank to sell dollars in order to bolster Egypt's pound. Egypt's economy faces a balance of payments crisis, and is also being further undermined due to high state borrowing costs.
On 13 August 2012, Saeed announced that Qatar was expected to deposit $500 million in the Egyptian central bank to help alleviate Egypt's economic crisis. He also said that Egyptian officials had discussed with Libya the possibility of Libya supporting Egypt's depleted finances.
On 22 August 2012, it was reported that following a meeting with Managing Director Christine Lagarde of the International Monetary Fund, Saeed denied rumors pertaining to an imminent devaluation of the Egyptian pound. He also said that devaluation of the pound was not a condition for a $4.8 billion loan that Egypt was requesting from the IMF. Saeed also added that the IMF would not interfere with the Egyptian government’s new reform policies, and that the loan is an indication that Egypt's economy is heading forward, and it should encourage foreign investment. In regards to the loan, Saeed said that Egypt is "entitled to assistance when going through a crisis" because Egypt is one of the founding members of the IMF and contributes to the IMF's capital. El-Saeed explained that the loan is mainly based on an economic and social reform program that Egypt prepared in order to escape from Egypt's economic crisis.
Collection of taxes.
Saeed announced in May 2012 that he ordered the Egyptian tax authority to implement legal changes that would allow Egypt to collect billions of pounds of unpaid taxes, and would speed up collection and facilitate taxation of small businesses. El-Saeed said that Egypt is owed 150 billion pounds in uncollected taxes.

</doc>
<doc id="36865326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865326" title="Tomás Moylan">
Tomás Moylan

Tomás Moylan (born 1969) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left corner-forward for the Offaly senior team.
Moylan joined the team during the 1993-94 National League and was a member of the team for just one seasons. An All-Ireland winning captain in the minor grade, he failed to win any honours at senior level. 
At club level Moylan is a Leinster medalist with St. Rynagh's. In addition to this he has also won four county club championship medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36865328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865328" title="Nahr-e Homeyseh">
Nahr-e Homeyseh

Nahr-e Homeyseh (, also Romanized as Nahr-e Ḩomeyseh; also known as Ḩomeyseh and Rūstā-ye Ḩomeyseh) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 176, in 39 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865341" title="Nahr-e Karim">
Nahr-e Karim

Nahr-e Karim (, also Romanized as Nahr-e Karīm; also known as Karīm) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 34, in 8 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865348" title="Rotherham Grammar School">
Rotherham Grammar School

Rotherham Grammar School was a boys' grammar school in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England.
History.
The school was founded by Thomas Rotherham in 1483. It occupied a number of buildings in Rotherham before moving into former ministers' training college on Moorgate Road in 1890. In 1967, Rotherham moved to a comprehensive system and the school became a coeducational sixth form college, known as Thomas Rotherham College (TRC). TRC retains the old grammar school's coat of arms in its logo.

</doc>
<doc id="36865356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865356" title="Gjesværstappan">
Gjesværstappan

Gjesværstappan is a group of high, steep-sided, grass-covered islands which are located north of the village of Gjesvær in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The three main islands are "Storstappen", "Kjerkestappen", and "Bukkstappen".
Storstappan rises to a height of above sea level and has a peninsula called "Stauren" that rises to . Kjerkestappen rises to an elevation of above sea level and Bukkstappen rises to above sea level. Historically, there were people that lived on the islands and there was a church on Kjerkestappen.
Nature reserve.
The islands contain a large colony of seabirds and have been designated a nature reserve since 1983. The land area of the reserve is , but the reserve also includes of the sea surrounding the islands. 
The largest colonies of cliff-breeding seabirds are mainly located on the bird cliffs of the biggest island, Storstappen, and between June 15 and August 15 visitors are not allowed to set foot on this island.
The colony is regarded as important because of the large numbers of birds. A 1988 survey found 70 pairs of Phalacrocorax carbo; around 50 pairs of Phalacrocorax aristotelis; 5000 to 10,000 pairs of Rissa tridactyla; about 600 pairs of Uria aalge; 25 pairs of Uria lomvia; about 2500 pairs of Alca torda; and about 50,000 pairs of Fratercula arctica. The 1988 survey also found Sula bassana nests.

</doc>
<doc id="36865360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865360" title="Nahr-e Mochri">
Nahr-e Mochri

Nahr-e Mochri (, also Romanized as Nahr-e Mochrī) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 342, in 72 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865366" title="Nahr-e Mohoseyn">
Nahr-e Mohoseyn

Nahr-e Mohoseyn (, also Romanized as Nahr-e Moḩoseyn) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 30, in 7 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865368" title="Nahr-e Masjed">
Nahr-e Masjed

Nahr-e Masjed (; also known as Masjed) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 4 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865380" title="Gorby no Pipeline Daisakusen">
Gorby no Pipeline Daisakusen

With permission of the Soviet embassy, the game and its promotional materials feature the name and likeness of Mikhail Gorbachev, who was President of the Soviet Union at the time of the game's development and release.
In the game, the player assembles water pipe segments for a pipeline from Moscow to Tokyo in order to strengthen Japan–Soviet Union relations.
Gameplay.
In this falling-block puzzle game, a small girl—wearing a Russian national costume of sarafan, kokoshnik, and valenki—pushes tiles representing segments of water pipe down a two-dimensional, vertical shaft; this shaft is the field of play. A second girl, also in national costume, waves semaphore flags to give the impression that she guides the placement of the tiles.
The player must quickly rotate and place the tiles to catch and conduct a continuously-flowing stream of water from pipes on one side of the shaft to the other. When the player successfully links an inflow pipe on one side of the shaft to an outflow pipe on the other side, a row of tiles disappears, and the player earns points. If the player routes the water to a dead end, the game adds a layer of pipe segments for the player to clear. If the accumulating pipe segments stack to the top of the shaft, the game ends. By clearing the requisite number of rows, the player proceeds to the next game level.
Music.
The background music for each level is a rendition of a Russian classical music composition. Among the selections are "The Great Gate of Kiev" (final movement from Mussorgsky's "Pictures at an Exhibition" suite (1874); "Swan's Theme" from Tchaikovsky's ballet "Swan Lake" (1876); and "Flight of the Bumblebee", an interlude from Rimsky-Korsakov's opera "The Tale of Tsar Saltan" (1900).

</doc>
<doc id="36865395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865395" title="Masjed, Iran">
Masjed, Iran

Masjed (), in Iran, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36865405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865405" title="Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's road time trial">
Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's road time trial

The Men's individual time trial events at the 2008 Summer Paralympics took place on September 12 at the Changping Triathlon Venue.
Handcycle classes.
HC A.
The Men's individual time trial HC A event took place at 10:32.
HC B.
The Men's individual time trial HC B event took place at 10:15.
HC C.
The Men's individual time trial HC C event took place at 10:00.
Cerebral palsy classes.
CP 3.
The Men's individual time trial CP 3 event took place at 11:16.
CP 4.
The Men's individual time trial CP 4 event took place at 11:27.
Locomotor disability classes.
LC 1.
The Men's individual time trial LC 1 event took place at 14:00.
Note: Rider # 29 add nine seconds to his time for starting in the wrong side
LC 2.
The Men's individual time trial LC 2 event took place at 14:18.
LC 3.
The Men's individual time trial LC 3 event took place at 14:31.
LC 4.
The Men's individual time trial LC 4 event took place at 14:46.
Blind & visually impaired class.
B&VI 1-3.
The Men's individual time trial B&VI 1-3 event took place at 15:31.

</doc>
<doc id="36865406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865406" title="Nahr-e Naser">
Nahr-e Naser

Nahr-e Naser (, also Romanized as Nahr-e Nāşer; also known as Nāşer) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 81, in 12 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865414" title="Elizabeth Quat">
Elizabeth Quat

Elizabeth Quat (, born 1967) is a Hong Kong politician associated with the pro-Beijing Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong. She is a co-founder of the scandal-rocked Internet Professional Association (iProA), a director of the World Summit Award and chief executive officer of CB Strategic Investment. All three of her "degrees" were awarded by defunct diploma mill Greenwich University, Hawaii.
Quat was elected in 2012 to represent New Territories East in the Hong Kong Legislative Council. She has also served as an elected member of the Sha Tin District Council since 2008.
Background.
Quat received her Bachelor of Business Administration, Master of Business Administration, and Doctor of Philosophy in Management from unaccredited Greenwich University, Hawaii (which later relocated to Norfolk Island). In 2008, she was certified as a scuba diving instructor and is supporting photographer in a research group within the Ocean Geographic Society.
In 2000, Quat founded the Internet Professional Association and was president of the group until 2006. She became the director of World Summit Award in 2003. Quat founded the company CB Strategic Investment in 2004 and has been the CEO since then. In 2005, she help founded eHealth Consortium. She was appointed as director for Hong Kong Education City in 2006. In 2007, she found and became the president for the Energy Saving & Environment Concern Alliance. Quat also founded Green ICT Consortium in 2009 and is the chairman of the organisation. She is currently a master student at the University of Hong Kong for marriage and family therapy.
Honours.
Quat received Ten Outstanding Young Persons and Ten Outstanding Young Digi Persons awards in 2001, and named The Most Successful Women 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36865419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865419" title="Academy of Management Perspectives">
Academy of Management Perspectives

Academy of Management Perspectives is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Academy of Management. It covers issues concerning management and business. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal's 2012 impact factor is 3.174, ranking it 15th out of 116 journals in the "Business" category and 24th out of 172 journals in the "Management" category. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865432" title="2012 Final Four (baseball)">
2012 Final Four (baseball)

The 2012 European Champion Cup Final Four was an international baseball competition being held in Nettuno, Italy on August 29-30, 2012. It featured the 4 best teams of the 2012 European Cup.
Teams.
The following four teams qualified for the 2012 Final Four.

</doc>
<doc id="36865433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865433" title="2012–13 Cal State Bakersfield Roadrunners men's basketball team">
2012–13 Cal State Bakersfield Roadrunners men's basketball team

The 2012–13 Cal State Bakersfield Roadrunners men's basketball team represented California State University, Bakersfield during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Roadrunners, led by second year head coach Rod Barnes, played their home games at the Icardo Center, with four home games at Rabobank Arena, and played as an independent. They finished the season 14–16. This was the Roadrunners last year as an independent as they will join the Western Athletic Conference in July 2013.
Schedule.
The Roadrunners played a series of exhibition games in The Bahamas from September 2–7.
!colspan=9| Regular Season

</doc>
<doc id="36865445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865445" title="Nahr-e Ariz">
Nahr-e Ariz

Nahr-e Ariz (, also Romanized as Nahr-e ‘Arīẕ) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 210, in 41 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865457" title="Trampe">
Trampe

Trampe (German: "von Trampe", Danish "af Trampe") is a noble family originally from East Elbia. A branch moved to Pomerania by the 13th century, and from Pomerania, members of the family immigrated to the Nordic countries. It received Holy Roman comital rank in 1736 and Danish comital rank in 1743.

</doc>
<doc id="36865458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865458" title="Sasaeng fan">
Sasaeng fan

A sasaeng fan (사생팬) is widely known to be an excessively obsessed Hallyu fan. Although "sasaengs" are largely not considered as fans, many sources still refer to them as "sasaeng fans". Soompi described sasaeng fans as extreme fans who stalk their idols and invade their privacy with questionable methods. 
Etymology.
Sam Lansky, a contributing editor for "New York" and "The Atlantic", wrote that “sa” means private ("私" in hanja) and “saeng” means life ("生" in hanja) in reference to fans’ all-encompassing obsessions with their preferred artists. For sasaengs, the business of deifying K-pop idols serves no indirect function; the lawless obsession is an end itself.
Fan activities and adverse effects.
Stalking.
Philippine newspaper "Manila Bulletin" reported that during a press conference for a concert in Santiago, Chile, Korean boy band JYJ confirmed that they were victims of "invasion of privacy and stalking." According to JYJ member Junsu, some fans exposed their private phone calls and placed GPS trackers on their cars to monitor every move. There were instances of breaking and entering where fans would take pictures, try to kiss them, and steal their private items." Some sasaengs even installed CCTV surveillance cameras near the homes of their favourite K-pop idols. On any given day, the more popular idols are reported to have at least 100 "full-time stalkers" on their heels.
In an incident involving actor Song Joong-ki, an evening jog turned into a thrilling chase starting with two fans running after him when they caught sight of him in a taxi. According to the web portal Yahoo!, some fans hire "special taxi drivers" to follow their idols. Yahoo! refers to an article by the Korean newspaper "JoongAng Daily", writing that "there are taxi services catering specifically for these fans. They are willing to speed at up to 200 km/h, chasing after the vans transporting the K-Pop idols." 
These "sasaeng" taxis can be found waiting outside concert halls, celebrity dorms or broadcast stations to catch desperate fans. The cost of renting out a "sasaeng" taxi for one whole day of stalking varies from $300 to $500 USD. A "sasaeng" taxi driver of four years, said ""I charge $30 USD per hour. It’s hard to stop because you can make a lot of money out of it."" In comparison, the average cost for waiting inside a normal taxi in Seoul only costs about $9 USD an hour. Another driver told reporters that although he knows he could be breaking the traffic rules, ""the chase can be quite thrilling so we give in to the kids as well."" He charges up to $400 SGD for a day but has now stopped accepting such requests.
Adverse health effects.
In order to get closer to their favourite idols, some fans have even resorted to hiring taxis to chase after their idols at high speed, occasionally resulting in serious traffic accidents. During Super Junior's Super Show 3 Tour in Singapore, it was reported that "eight fan vehicles were giving chase and were trying to get close to the Super Junior van. A spokesperson representing Super Junior told reporters that "everyone was getting very nervous when the fan vehicles started coming too close. But we travelled on. However, they just kept coming closer and closer." Eventually, one of the fan vehicles collided with an uninvolved car, which set off a chain reaction causing a pile-up of six vehicles, including the van containing Super Junior.
Other incidents.
The Korean newspaper "JoongAng Daily" reported that one ardent fan spent "about 1 million won (about 900 US Dollars) per month to chase around idols, mainly by sasaeng taxis." In order to stalk her idols, she does part-time jobs at convenience stores and lies to her parents about attending a hagwon (private school) to get the 800,000 won per month.
Response and measures taken.
A new clause was added to South Korea's Minor Offenses Act in February 2011 to protect K-pop idols from their fans, and a support centre for singers was set up to offer advice and help artists cope with their fame.

</doc>
<doc id="36865469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865469" title="Nahr-e Seyyed Yusef">
Nahr-e Seyyed Yusef

Nahr-e Seyyed Yusef (, also Romanized as Nahr-e Seyyed Yūsef; also known as Seyyed Yūsef) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 132, in 24 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865478" title="Kotiganahalli Ramaiah">
Kotiganahalli Ramaiah

Kotiganahalli Ramaiah (born 1954) is an eminent Dalit poet, playwright, philosopher and cultural activist from Karnataka, India. He is one of the founders of Aadima, an institution that experiments with childrens's theatre, film, education and caste consciousness.
He is named as a Aam Aadmi Party candidate for Kolar Lok Sabha constituency for 2014 Indian general election. 
Early life and career.
Kotiganahalli Ramaiah was born in the village of Kotiganahalli in Kolar district in Karnataka. He quit college, before completing a degree, in order to join the Dalit Sangharsha Samiti, a political group that spearheaded the struggle against caste discrimination and fought to acquire land rights for the former untouchables castes in Karnataka. He rose to be an instrumental figure in the Dalit Movement where his contribution is most remembered for the numerous songs of resistance and struggles penned by him, some of which were adapted from the political climate of the left movement in Andhra Pradesh, particularly those by the revolutionary poet Gaddar. During this period Ramaiah also worked as a journalist with Lankesh Patrike, Mungaru and Suggi Sangati; and as a screenplay writer for numerous Kannada films and T.V. serials.
Founding of Aadima.
Disillusioned with what he perceives as a lack of direction within the Dalit Movement, as well as the rapid erasure of the inclusive foundations of the modern Indian state, Ramaiah and a few others within the movement envisioned a broad based cultural response to address the roots of social exclusion in India. They saved a rupee a day for many years towards the establishment of Aadima, an experimental space that aims to temper the overarching need for political modernity with an understanding of the history of cultural resistance and the philosophical meaning systems that evolved as a response to centuries of marginalisation. Aadima was founded in 2005, adjoining Shivagange Village on the Anthargange Hill Range. Since then, Aadima has been researching and documenting oral traditions and narratives, creating plays and films and, experimenting in educational pedagogy with numerous communities that live in the Anthargange Hill Range. Aadima also plays host to Hunimme Haadu, an event on full moon nights that features plays from across Karnataka.
Awards.
Karnataka Sahitya Akademy Award - 2012<br>
Suvarna Ranga Samman - Kannada Sangha Kanthavara - 2012<br>
Karnataka Rajyotsava Award - 2005

</doc>
<doc id="36865480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865480" title="Seyyed Yusef">
Seyyed Yusef

Seyyed Yusef (, also Romanized as Seyyed Yūsef and Seyyed Yūsof; also known as Seyyed Yūsol) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 66, in 15 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865493" title="NBB All Team">
NBB All Team

The NBB All Team is a team constituted by the main players in a season of the Novo Basquete Brasil. This team is based on players' performance throughout the championship, including the regular season and the playoffs. During the playoffs, three candidates for each position are announced. After the end of the season, the best players of each position are chosen.

</doc>
<doc id="36865497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865497" title="Nahr-e Sen">
Nahr-e Sen

Nahr-e Sen (; also known as Golshān, Rūstā-ye Sen, and Sen) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 321, in 74 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865505" title="South Grove Comprehensive School">
South Grove Comprehensive School

South Grove Comprehensive School was a secondary school in Rotherham, England that existed, in various guises, from 1911 until 1987.
History.
The Education Act 1902 transferred responsibility for schools from school boards to councils. At the behest of Spurley Hey, Rotherham's first Director of Education, Rotherham began expanding its senior provision. Therefore, it was decided to open two new single sex schools, serving 11-14 year olds, in a Victorian building on Moorgate Road that was originally a private house, but had been a teacher training college since 1901. The schools opened in 1911.
South Grove Central School for Girls occupied the ground floor, while South Grove Central School for Boys occupied the first floor.
After the Education Act 1944, the schools became secondary modern schools. Students in the area who passed the Eleven plus exam went to either Rotherham Grammar School or Rotherham Girls' High School, while those showing an aptitude for technology went to Oakwood Technical High School for Boys/Girls. The remaining students attended South Grove Secondary Modern School for Boys/Girls, which now took students up to the age of 16. The two schools merged in 1961. Later, it became the first secondary modern in Rotherham to offer O Levels its students.
In the mid-1960s, Rotherham moved to a fully comprehensive system. The school was renamed South Grove Comprehensive School around 1967 and now took students of all abilities from the local area.
The school closed in 1987, with the students and many of the staff transferring to the neighbouring Oakwood Comprehensive School.
The buildings remained until 2003, when they demolished and replaced by a modern office building complex, known as Moorgate Crofts.

</doc>
<doc id="36865520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865520" title="James Melvin Washington">
James Melvin Washington

James Melvin Washington (April 24, 1948 - May 3, 1997) was an African-American historian, educator and minister from Knoxville, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="36865526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865526" title="Sen, Iran">
Sen, Iran

Sen (; also known as Sīn) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 503, in 81 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865537" title="Jacksonville Gem and Mineral Society">
Jacksonville Gem and Mineral Society

The Jacksonville Gem and Mineral Society http://www.jaxgemandmineral.org was established in 1959. It is located in Jacksonville Florida. It is now a 501 c3 IRS recognized non-profit. The Society was originally established by a small group of people interested in the study of Rocks, and Mineralogy, and well as the art of Lapidaryskills. This small group of approximately 5 members has now grown to over 155 members not including other family members such as husbands, wives and children. Members of the society have the common goal of wanting to stimulate interest in rocks, minerals in the field of Earth science; as well as to help disseminate knowledge, methods and procedures for the collection, identification, classification, cutting, polishing, setting, and mounting of specimens. 
All members are asked to help participate in helping to educate schools and local organizations, as well as all help to educate all those interested in the field of earth sciences as it relates to rocks and minerals, and the Lapidary Arts. Society members besides learning about the lapidary arts, also can participate in a variety of collecting field trips to collect specimens, picnics, shows, and other activities. Members of the society who join are asked to participate and to help promote good fellowship, proper ethics, and good conduct with not only the society members, but the general public as well.
Membership is maintained on an annual basis, with renewals due on the anniversary of application acceptance. There are two levels of membership - Individual and Family, and both are extremely reasonable (family membership is easily less than one night out, with popcorn, at the movies).
The club members generally meet every first Thursday of the month, with the business meeting starting at 7:00 PM and class sign-up starting a half hour earlier at 6:30 PM. Social time (a.k.a. refreshment, individual and group discussions, show-and-tell indepth reviews, more class sign-up, etc.) starts right after the business portion of the evening.

</doc>
<doc id="36865552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865552" title="Toyokuni Susumu">
Toyokuni Susumu

Toyokuni Susumu (born 30 November 1937 as Susumu Otsuka) is a former sumo wrestler from Nakatsu, Ōita, Japan. He made his professional debut in May 1960, and reached the top division in November 1961. He earned seven gold stars against grand champion yokozuna in the course of his career. His highest rank was "komusubi". He retired in January 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="36865567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865567" title="Nahr-e Tolayeb">
Nahr-e Tolayeb

Nahr-e Tolayeb (, also Romanized as Nahr-e Tolayeb and Nahr-e Ţalayeb) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 230, in 43 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865578" title="Bibliography of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac">
Bibliography of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac

This is an unannotated bibliography of writings about Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac as well as some material that covers other government sponsored enterprises such as the Federal Home Loan Bank System. While it is comprehensive, it is not exhaustive, with a focus on work published through 2011 by government agencies, economists, legal and policy scholars, private sector analysts and think tanks. It does not include Congressional testimony and shorter works. This bibliography has been posted on Wikipedia so that others can make additions to it. The original document may be found on SSRN. Please continue to follow guidelines consistent with the Chicago Manual of Style when editing this bibliography.
Bibliography.
Stanton, Thomas H. “Increasing the Accountability of Government Sponsored Enterprises: First Steps.” Public Administration Review 50, no. 5 (1990): 590-593.
Weisbach, David A., and Jacob Nussim. “The Integration of Tax and Spending Programs.” Yale Law Journal 113, no. 8 (2004): 955-1028. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865590" title="J0651">
J0651

SDSS J065133.338+284423.37 (nicknamed J0651) is a white dwarf binary star system composed of two white dwarfs. They are approximately 120,000 km apart and complete an orbit around their barycenter in less than 13 minutes. This produces an eclipse every 6 minutes. This makes it possible to gather enough data to produce extremely accurate predictions of each future eclipse. The eclipse times deviate from the time predicted in a way consistent with gravitational waves.

</doc>
<doc id="36865595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865595" title="Nahr-e Owj Albuhieh">
Nahr-e Owj Albuhieh

Nahr-e Owj Albuhieh (, also Romanized as Nahr-e ‘Owj Albūḥīeh; also known as Rūstā-ye ‘Owj) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 136, in 29 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865606" title="Robin Denniston">
Robin Denniston

Robin Denniston (25 December 1926 – 6 April 2012) was a British publisher, author and minister. He worked for Collins, Hodder and Stoughton, Weidenfeld & Nicolson, Thomson Publications and Oxford University Press. "The Guardian" indicated in his obituary that Denniston had "commissioned some of the most popular novels of the 20th century", while "The Telegraph" credits him with reversing Oxford University Press's economic misfortunes. He was a clergyman in the Church of England.
Personal life and education.
The son of a teacher and military intelligence specialist Commander Alistair Denniston, Denniston was born in London. He attended Westminster School from autumn 1941. He studied classics at Christ Church, Oxford and served a stint in the Airborne Artillery. 
He was married twice, first to Anne Evans from 1950 to 1985. Following her death from colon cancer, he wed Rosa Beddington in 1987, remaining with her until her death from cancer in 2001. He had three children, two daughters and a son, with his first wife. Denniston died on 6 April 2012 following a lengthy illness.
Publishing career.
After national service, Denniston took a position in 1950 as a trainee in Glasgow with Collins, rising to head office and becoming an editor. In 1959, he served a year as managing director of Faith Press. In 1960, he went to Hodder and Stoughton, where his positions including editorial director and managing director. He remained with Hodder and Stoughton until 1973. He held brief positions at Weidenfelt (1973-1975) and Thomson Publications (1975-1977) before settling at Oxford University Press as chairman of the academic division. According to "The Telegraph", Denniston was responsible for rescuing Oxford UP from the dire financial straits in which he found it, with important changes including short run printing and a shifting focus from general publishing to academic and scientific. By the time of his departure from Oxford UP in 1988, he was second in command.
"The Guardian" indicated in his obituary that Denniston had "commissioned some of the most popular novels of the 20th century". Among other authors, Denniston is credited with working with John Le Carré through 16 bestselling novels and Erich Segal's "Love Story".
Ministry.
Denniston's became first a deacon and then, in 1979, a priest in the Anglican Church. In the 1970s he was an honorary curate, following which he became a stipendiary minister in Great Tew from 1987-1990. In 1990, he served three years as a minister in Fire Scotland. Thereafter, he was persuaded by its parishioners to return to Great Tew as its priest, from 1995 to 2002.
Authorship.
In addition to publishing, Denniston was an author. His first book, with Magnus Linklater, was 1992's "Anatomy of Scotland". In 1997, he published "Churchill's Secret War" and in 1999 "Trevor Huddleston: A Life". His labor of love was the book he authored describing his father's life and work, 2007's "Thirty Secret Years".

</doc>
<doc id="36865619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865619" title="Hilary Jenkinson">
Hilary Jenkinson

Sir Charles Hilary Jenkinson (1 November 1882 - 5 March 1961) was a British archivist and archival theorist. Writing in 1980, Roger Ellis and Peter Walne commented that "o one man had more influence on the establishment of the profession of archivist in Great Britain than Sir Hilary Jenkinson". Terry Eastwood in 2003 called Jenkinson "one of the most influential archivists in the English-speaking world".
Career.
Born in Streatham, London, Jenkinson was the son of a land agent. He was educated at Dulwich College and Pembroke College, Cambridge, graduating with first class honours in Classics in 1904. In 1906 he joined the staff of the Public Record Office and worked on the classification of the records of the medieval Exchequer. In 1912 he was put in charge of the search room, which he reorganised. During the First World War, he joined the Royal Garrison Artillery, and served in France and Belgium from 1916 to 1918. He then worked at the War Office until 1920.
Returning to the Public Record Office, he reorganized the repairing department and later the repository, to which he moved in 1929. He was appointed secretary and principal assistant keeper in 1938, then Deputy Keeper (chief executive officer) from 1947 until 1954, when he retired.
In 1944-5 he paid several extended visits to Italy, Germany and Malta as War Office Adviser on Archives, attached to the Monuments, Fine Arts, and Archives Subcommission, playing an important role in helping protect the archives of those countries from the worst of the depredations of war.
He lectured on palaeography, diplomatic and archives in Cambridge, King's College London and University College London. He wrote a number of books on palaeography and diplomatic, and his "Manual of Archive Administration" (1922; revised edition 1937) became a highly influential work on archival practice in Britain and Ireland.
Early in his career Jenkinson served as Honorary Secretary of the Surrey Archaeological Society. He took a leading part in establishing its daughter organisation, the Surrey Record Society, in 1912; and thereafter, as secretary and general editor until 1950, in establishing its principles of editing and records publication. He was a founder, Joint Honorary Secretary (1932–47) and Vice-President (1954–61) of the British Records Association; President of the Jewish Historical Society of England (1953–55); and President of the Society of Archivists (1955–61). He also played an important role in the setting up of the National Register of Archives in 1945.
Archival theory.
Jenkinson's "Manual of Archive Administration" was first published in 1922; and republished in a second edition (revised and expanded, but not significantly altered in its principles) in 1937. It is described by John Ridener as "one of the most widely recognized treatises on the theory of archives and archival work". Some of its ideas were original to Jenkinson; others had been developed by continental archivists, but were introduced by him to Britain (and to the English-speaking world) for the first time. However, Margaret Procter argues that despite Jenkinson's "iconic" status, his work also rested to a considerable degree on an existing British theoretical tradition.
Key elements in Jenkinson's archival theory included the following:
Jenkinson's greatest influence on archival theory and practice emerged from his publications, teaching and other activities undertaken in a personal capacity, and undertaken to a great degree early in his career. By contrast, in his professional career at the Public Record Office, and in particular as Deputy Keeper from 1947 to 1954, he was often seen as an autocratic and inflexible conservative. Elizabeth Shepherd comments that "it was only after his retirement that the PRO could finally develop a professional archival approach to its work."
Honours.
Jenkinson was appointed CBE in 1943 and knighted in 1949.
Personal life.
Jenkinson married Alice Rickards in 1910. She died in 1960. They had no children.
Principal publications.
A fuller bibliography of Jenkinson's writings to 1956 appears as:
Festschrifts

</doc>
<doc id="36865626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865626" title="Nahr-e Owj Albu Seyyed">
Nahr-e Owj Albu Seyyed

Nahr-e Owj Albu Seyyed (, also Romanized as Nahr-e ‘Owj Albū Şeyyed; also known as Rūstā-ye ‘Owj) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 100, in 24 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865645" title="Nahr-e Owj">
Nahr-e Owj

Nahr-e Owj () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36865676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865676" title="Naqsheh-ye Nasar">
Naqsheh-ye Nasar

Naqsheh-ye Naser (, also Romanized as Naqsheh-ye Naṣār; also known as Naqsheh) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 96, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865687" title="Pam Pabanzin, Khuzestan">
Pam Pabanzin, Khuzestan

Pam Pabanzin (, also Romanized as Pam Pabanzīn) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865696" title="Günther Hochgartz">
Günther Hochgartz

Günther Hochgartz (10 July 1918 – 10 October 2005) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="36865719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865719" title="Martharaptor">
Martharaptor

Martharaptor is an extinct genus of basal therizinosauroid theropod from the Lower Cretaceous of the Cedar Mountain Formation in Utah.
Material and Morphology.
The holotype specimen includes fragments of vertebrae, a scapula, forelimb and hindlimb bones, and an ischium. It also includes well-preserved manual unguals. Manual and pedal morphology show that the specimen is distinct from other theropods from the Cedar Mountain Formation and from other previously described therizinosauroids.
Classification.
Phylogenetic analysis placed "M. greenriverensis" within Therizinosauroidea as the sister taxon to the "Alxasaurus" + Therizinosauridae group, although support for this placement is weak.
Phylogeny.
The following cladogram shows the probable placement of "Martharaptor" within Therizinosauroidea.

</doc>
<doc id="36865726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865726" title="Confession">
Confession

A confession is a statement made by a person or a group of people acknowledging some personal fact that the person (or the group) would prefer to keep hidden. The term is generally associated with an admission of a moral or legal wrong. A legal confession is an admission of some wrongdoing that has legal consequence, while a confession in religion is usually more akin to a ritual by which the person acknowledges thoughts or actions considered sinful or morally wrong within the confines of the confessor's religion. Socially, however, the term may refer to admissions that are neither legally nor religiously significant.
References.
Confession from a religious perspective has implications of freedom from guilt and promises made in Gods Word for salvation.
Romans 10:9
"That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved". KJB
Romans 10:10
"For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation:.KJB
Confession is NOT being sorry for being caught. Confession is being honest about how wrong you have been and seeking to restore your relationship.

</doc>
<doc id="36865742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865742" title="Pam Pabanzin">
Pam Pabanzin

Pam Pabanzin () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36865745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865745" title="Arazeh">
Arazeh

Arazeh (, also Romanized as ‘Arāẕeh; also known as Qaşabeh, Qasbat an Nassār, Qoşbeh-ye Naşşār, and Qoşbeh-ye Nesār) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 143, in 27 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865767" title="Rafi, Abadan">
Rafi, Abadan

Rafi (, also Romanized as Rafī‘) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 193, in 40 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865783" title="Yugoslavia at the 1979 Mediterranean Games">
Yugoslavia at the 1979 Mediterranean Games

Yugoslavia hosted 1979 Mediterranean Games in Split and fiinished first in medal table with 127 medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36865791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865791" title="List of awards and nominations received by Blur">
List of awards and nominations received by Blur

Blur are an English rock band formed of singer–keyboardist Damon Albarn, guitarist Graham Coxon, bassist Alex James and drummer Dave Rowntree. The band are best known for popularising the Britpop movement. However, their later material was more influenced by Indie Rock, Electronic and Hip Hop music. After a hiatus, the band reformed in 2009.
The band released seven studio albums: "Leisure" (1991), "Modern Life Is Rubbish" (1993), "Parklife" (1994), "The Great Escape" (1995), "Blur" (1997), "13" (1999) and "Think Tank" (2003). Out of 17 nominations, "Blur" have won 5 Brit Awards, making them one of the most successful acts at the ceremony. Four of Blur's Brits were received in 1995: the most any artist has won in a single ceremony. The other was received in 2012 for outstanding contribution to music. Blur have also been nominated twice for the prestigious Mercury Prize.
The Best Awards.
The Best Awards celebrate the very best of British marketing. 
BRIT Awards.
The BRIT Awards are the British Phonographic Industry's annual pop music awards. "Blur" have won 5 Brits out of 17 nominations, making them one of the most successful winners at the ceremony. Four of Blur's Brits were received in 1995: the most any artist has won in a single ceremony. Nominations for production work are also featured on this list.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are presented annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States for outstanding achievements in the record industry. Blur have received one nomination.
Ivor Novello Awards.
The Ivor Novello Awards, named after the Cardiff born entertainer Ivor Novello, are awards for songwriting and composing. Blur have received one award.
Mercury Prize.
The Mercury Prize is an annual music prize awarded for the best album from the United Kingdom or Ireland. Blur have received two nominations.
MTV Europe Music Awards.
The MTV Europe Music Awards (EMA's) were established in 1994 by MTV Europe to celebrate the most popular music videos in Europe. Blur have received one awards from two nominations. 
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards (VMA's) were established in 1984 by MTV to honor the best in music videos. Blur have received three nominations. 
NME Awards.
The NME Awards are an annual music awards show, founded by the music magazine "NME". Blur have won 10 awards.
Q Awards.
The Q Awards are the UK's annual music awards run by the music magazine "Q".
Smash Hits Awards.
The Smash Hits Poll Winners Party was an awards ceremony voted by the readers of Smash Hits magazine. Blur have receive two awards out of two nominations. 
South Bank Show Awards.
The South Bank Show Awards are given to achievements in the arts. Blur have received one award. 
Recognition.
In July 2009, "Song 2" was voted #12 in Triple J Hottest 100 of All Time.

</doc>
<doc id="36865818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865818" title="Abtar, Khuzestan">
Abtar, Khuzestan

Abtar (, also Romanized as Ābṭar) is a village in Noabad Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 39, in 8 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865824" title="Southgate Estate">
Southgate Estate

The Southgate Estate was a modernist public housing project located in Runcorn New Town (Cheshire, England) and completed in 1977. The estate was designed by James Stirling, and comprised 1,500 residential units intended to house 6,000 people. The estate was demolished between 1990 and 1992 and replaced with another housing development, known as Hallwood Park, based around more traditional design principles.
Design.
The design brief for Southgate asked for formal streets and squares, citing the Georgian city of Bath. Instead, architect James Stirling devised a radical new housing type. The estate comprised a combination of deck-access apartment blocks, mainly located at its northern end, along with flat-roofed terraced housing at its southern end. The estate was connected by a pedestrian bridge linking the complex of deck-access flats to the nearby Shopping City development (now Halton Lea), which was intended as the New Town centre and, at the time of its completion, was one of the largest covered shopping centres in Europe.
The apartment blocks were connected to one another by a network of raised walkways following the "streets in the sky" principle, separating pedestrian access from the system of vehicular access roads located to the front of the blocks at ground level. The apartment blocks were constructed of pre-cast concrete paneling along with colourful GRP cladding and were arranged around landscaped squares, some of which included childrens parks.
The blocks were formed of three types of dwelling: at ground and first floor levels, the blocks were formed of 3-5 bedroom duplex family homes; at second and third floor levels, smaller duplex family homes located off the raised pedestrian access decks; and at fourth floor level, single storey penthouse flats. The fronts of the blocks included car parking garages along with a series of stairwell towers providing access to the upper floors. The most notable design features on the fronts of the blocks were the large, circular windows and plastic paneling, which related to the fronts of the upper level duplexes. The rear of the blocks, which generally enclosed the landscaped squares, had private gardens at ground floor level along with balconies to the upper level duplexes and penthouses. The rear of the blocks also included large round windows.
The design inspiration of the estate's layout were the Georgian squares of the Cities of Bath and Edinburgh, whilst the large round windows were intended by James Stirling to reflect the maritime roots of the estate's intended inhabitants, being drawn mainly from Merseyside. The blocks were colloquially referred to as "washing machines".
The two and three storey, flat-roofed, terraced houses were clad in blue, green, and orange plastic panels and included the large round windows seen in the apartment blocks. The cladding materials employed led to the estate being colloquially known as "Legoland".
The estate included a primary school at its south eastern end along with a nursery at deck level within the complex of flatted buildings. As discussed, the estate was served by a communal, oil fired heating system and was served by landscaped open spaces located in amongst the buildings. The estate was connected to the nearby shopping complex, but was not otherwise served by local shops, which could be problematical for the estate's inhabitants as Shopping City would close in the evenings and on Sundays. The estate was served by a public house. Construction had commenced on a church but this was never completed.
In 1977 architectural writer Sutherland Lyall described the finished estate as follows: "There is a nice, colourful, cheap and cheerful air about in the squares which are mostly planted out in grids of trees... In the squares the brightly coloured GRP more or less comes off. Deliberate or not it is two fingers to the bureaucrats who insist that architecture should be dignified and banal and colourless... But behind the back it is straight Butlins: long rows of corrugated plastic walls with the occasional service pipe running up the walls and across gaps between rows of houses."
Demolition.
From its inception, the project had been beset with problems and by the mid 1980s was described as being "a mess".
The choice of an oil-fired, communal heating system proved to be an expensive one as the global oil crisis of the late 1970s led to spiraling heating costs for the occupants of the development, a number of whom could not afford to heat their homes. This led to a proliferation of damp problems within the development.
The blocks of flats were particularly problematical. The deck-access design and repetitive use of stairwell towers, where there was an absence of natural surveillance, encouraged criminal activity, and made the control of these problems very difficult. Occupants complained of anti-social behaviour; high rental and heating costs; impact noise entering their homes resulting from use of the pedestrian access decks; an inability to personalise the exterior of their homes; an absence of private garden spaces for the mid-level family duplexes; remoteness from local shopping and public transport facilities; and pollution from the oil-fired power plant. Moreover, the radical and harsh appearance of the development was not to the tastes of many residents who preferred the more traditional housing built elsewhere in the New Town. The combination of these factors led to a significant proportion of the estate's families leaving the development to be replaced by younger, single people, which often exacerbated the problems. A large number of homes were left vacant and these became prone to vandalism. The estate's condition deteriorated throughout the 1980s and by 1989, the Development Corporation took the decision to demolish and replace the estate, despite it being barely 15 years old.
It was demolished in 1990.
Legacy.
The problems experienced at the Southgate Estate were typical of modernist housing developments built in Europe and North America during the post-war period, particularly those employing the deck-access principle.
Owing to a contractual obligation between the Urban Development Corporation (responsible for the New Town's development), and the developers of Shopping City, there was a need to provide a given volume of housing units in close proximity to the new shopping centre to aid the centre's commercial viability. Time and cost constraints along with physical limitations at the site led to the use of industrialised, mass building techniques. It has been argued that the layout and design were too dense and "harsh" for the development's intended purpose as a community housing families. Some have questioned whether the architect's radical design, incorporating garish plastic paneling, pre-cast concrete panels, and large porthole windows, was ever likely to be appropriate for use as family housing in a small town located in the plains of northern Cheshire.
Stirling, the architect, later argued that the Development Corporation, whilst adopting his architectural concept, deviated from the intended design for reasons of cost and time savings. He also suggested the developer and contractor did not share his commitment to quality.
The original estate was subsequently replaced by a housing development designed and laid out in accordance with more traditional planning and architectural concepts. The homes are primarily two storey, semi-detached, pitch roofed dwellings constructed of brick and located within landscaped cul de sacs. The new estate, which was constructed by Merseyside Improved Homes, is now a number of years older than its predecessor estate was at the time of demolition and, according to surveys, is considered to be a success amongst its residents.

</doc>
<doc id="36865830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865830" title="Nicolaus Christian Friis">
Nicolaus Christian Friis

Nicolaus Christian Friis (1714 – 1777) was a Norwegian priest and non-fiction writer. He was born in Lille-Fosen. He married Sophie à Möinichen Randulf in 1745, a wealthy widow. He served as priest in Bodø from 1744 to 1771. In 1754 he was assigned Bishop, a title he paid 8,000 riksdaler to achieve. From the 1770s he published several scientific works on the fisheries in Northern Norway. The life of Friis is treated by several biographers. He died in Bergen in 1777.

</doc>
<doc id="36865832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865832" title="Bachachereh-ye Olya">
Bachachereh-ye Olya

Bachachereh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Bachāchereh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Bachāchereh and Nahr-e Bachāchereh) is a village in Noabad Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 32, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865859" title="Nahr-e Hajji Mohammad">
Nahr-e Hajji Mohammad

Nahr-e Hajji Mohammad (, also Romanized as Nahr-e Ḩājjī Moḩammad; also known as Ḩājj Moḩammad, Ḩāj Moḩammad, and Nahr-e Ḩājj Moḩammad) is a village in Noabad Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 75, in 18 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865867" title="Turbo (chewing gum)">
Turbo (chewing gum)

Turbo was a brand of chewing gum, produced by Turkish company Kent from late 1980s to 2007. Turbo's inserts, which featured the images of various vehicles, were a collectable fad from late 1980s to 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="36865874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865874" title="Ufi">
Ufi

Ufi (, also Romanized as ‘Ūfī) is a village in Noabad Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 13, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865885" title="Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver">
Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver

Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver are American screenwriters and film producers. They are husband and wife.
They are best known for having written and co-produced the 2011 science-fiction film "Rise of the Planet of the Apes", a commercially and critically successful reboot of the "Planet of the Apes" franchise for which they were nominated for the Saturn Award for Best Writing.
They also co-wrote the upcoming films "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes", the sequel to "Rise", and "Jurassic World", the fourth installment of the "Jurassic Park" franchise.
Silver is the sister of actor Michael B. Silver and the granddaughter of Academy Award–winning screenwriter and producer Sidney Buchman.
In 2013, they were announced to be the co-writers of James Cameron's "Avatar 3", planned for 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="36865887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865887" title="Robert Matthews (athlete)">
Robert Matthews (athlete)

Robert Matthews MBE (born 26 May 1961) is an athlete who competes in blind middle and long distance events. He is a former British Paralympian who won eight gold medals across seven Paralympic Games. He retired in 2004 but is due to return at the 2012 Summer Paralympics as a cyclist representing New Zealand. He has been referred to as an "iconic athlete" of the Paralympic Games.
Personal life.
Matthews was born in Kent. He was born with the degenerative eye condition retinitis pigmentosa which he inherited from his father. He started to have significant difficulties with his vision when he was 11, losing most of his sight by age 18. From age 13 he attended a school for the partially sighted and went on to study at a college for the blind. In 1993 Matthews moved to Leamington to work for The Guide Dogs for the Blind Association.
Matthew's first wife Kath died suddenly in November 2003. Kath was 38 when a blockage in the brain interfered with her breathing. Three years later he met his current wife Sarah Kerr and soon after emigrated to New Zealand to be with her. The couple have two children.
In 1987 Matthews became the first Paralympian to be received an MBE, and he was given an honorary masters degree from Warwick University in 2001.
Matthews is a sports massage therapist and motivational speaker. His autobiography was published in 2009.
Sporting career.
Matthews first competed at the Paralympics in 1984 at the Stoke Mandeville/New York Games. He started off in the B1 class middle and long distance events, winning gold in all three disciplines: the 800 m, 800 m, 1,500 m, and 5,000 m. Four years later, at the Games in Seoul, he retained all three titles. He again won the 5,000 m in 1992, and finished with a silver in the 800 m and bronze in the 1,500 m. This brought his medal tally to 13, eight of which are golds.
In his career Matthews has broken 22 world records. In 1986 he became the first blind runner to run the 800 m in under two minutes. He is listed as one of eight "iconic athletes" in the London 2012 Guide to the Paralympic Games.
Matthews retired from (track and field) athletics after failing to win a medal at the 2004 Games in Athens. He began to concentrate on a new sport and is hoping to compete in blind cycling events at the 2012 Paralympic Games in London, this time representing New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="36865947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865947" title="Dalgeh">
Dalgeh

Dalgeh (, also Romanized as Delgeh) is a village in Bahmanshir-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 270, in 45 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865950" title="Juan Martínez Silíceo">
Juan Martínez Silíceo

Juan Martínez Silíceo (1486–1557) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop, cardinal and mathematician.
Biography.
Juan Martínez Silíceo was born in Villagarcía de la Torre in 1486, the son of Juan Martínez Guijeno, a poor laborer, and Juana Muñoz. His last name is also given as Guijarro.
Martínez studied grammar in Herena, a small town near Villagarcía de la Torre, and then studied philosophy in Seville. To support himself, he served as a sacristan in the parish church in his home town. He then became the tutor of two sons of a gentleman in Valencia. He then moved on to the University of Paris to complete his studies. Afterwards, he became professor of moral philosophy at the "Colegio de San Bartolomé", University of Salamanca.
After he was ordained as a priest, he became a professor of Christian theology. He then became the canon theologian of the cathedral chapter of the Cathedral of Coria. In July 1534, he was named tutor to Philip, Prince of Asturias, later becoming the prince's almoner and confessor.
On February 23, 1541, he was elected Bishop of Cartagena; he was consecrated as a bishop later that year. (He did not, however, enter his see until 1544.) In 1543, Prince Philip despatched him to Badajoz to retrieve the prince's fiancée, Maria Manuela, Princess of Portugal. On January 8, 1546, he was promoted to the metropolitan see of Toledo.
Pope Paul IV made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of December 20, 1555. He received the red hat and the titular church of Santi Nereo e Achilleo on February 1, 1556.
He became a renown mathematician for his time after publishing "Arithmética", firstly printed in Paris and afterwards all across Spain. Apart from "Arithmética" he also publish "Arte calculatorio".
He died in Toledo on May 31, 1557. He was buried in the church of the "Colegio de Doncellas Nobles" in Toledo.

</doc>
<doc id="36865956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865956" title="Chen Ji (Chen Shi's son)">
Chen Ji (Chen Shi's son)

Chen Ji (陳紀: ?-?) is an official of the Later Han Dynasty of Chinese history. His style name is Yuanfang(元方).
He is a son of Chen Shi (陳寔: 104-186) and brother of Chen Chen (陳諶), and the father of Chen Qun.
He appears at the biographies of Chen Qun and Xu Jing of Records of Three Kingdoms. Chen Ji appears also in the novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms, however he is different Chen Ji.
Life.
By the effects of Disasters of Partisan Prohibitions of the later Han Dynasty, he was prevented from holding government positions. Therefore he diligently wrote a book at home,
and the book would be called by the name of Chenzi (陳子) later.
As the Yellow Turban Rebellion broke out in 184, Emperor Ling (reign 169-189) granted amnesty for "partisans" (黨人, dangren). Chen Ji was appointed to a position from the government, however he declined it.
In 189, Dong Zhuo came to the capital Luoyang and seized the supreme power. 
Dong Zhuo assigned Zhou Bi (周毖:?-190) and Xu Jing 
(許靖:?-222) to the positions of personnel departments and 
made them choose competent people and assign them to the positions of 
government officials and local ministers.
Zhou Bi and Xu Jing selected Xun Shuang (荀爽), Han Rong (韓融), 
Han Fu (?-191), Kong Zhou (?-190), Zhang Miao (?-195), 
Liu Dai (?-192) and Chen Ji.
Chen Ji went to the capital and became Palace Attendant (侍中).
In 190, when he was about to leave capital to become the minister of Pingyuan (平原相), he
met Dong Zhuo in person. At that time Dong Zhuo had a plan to move capital from
Luoyang to Changan, therefore he questioned Chen Ji on his opinion. Chen Ji opposed Dong Zhuo's idea.
In 196, Emperor Xian made Yuan Shao as a Grand Commandant (太尉), 
meaning that Yuan Shao was positioned under Cao Cao, General-in-Chief (大將軍).
Therefore Yuan Shao did not accept the position of Grand Commandant (太尉) and transferred it
to Chen Ji. Chen Ji also did not accept it.
Later Chen Ji joined Cao Cao camp.
He died at 71 age.

</doc>
<doc id="36865959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865959" title="1714 in Norway">
1714 in Norway

Events in the year 1714 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="36865966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865966" title="Malakeh">
Malakeh

Malakeh (, also Romanized as Malākeh; also known as Malācheh, Mallācheh, and Mulāchi) is a village in Bahmanshir-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 585, in 111 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36865984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36865984" title="Qofas">
Qofas

Qofas (, also Romanized as Qofās and Qafās; also known as Absin, Gafāş, Gofās, Hāji Sālih, and Ḩājjī Şāleḩ) is a village in Bahmanshir-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 34, in 8 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36866013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866013" title="Radeh-ye Sadat">
Radeh-ye Sadat

Radeh-ye Sadat (, also Romanized as Radeh-ye Sādāt; also known as Sādāt) is a village in Bahmanshir-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,633, in 322 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36866020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866020" title="Tagetitoxin">
Tagetitoxin

Tagetitoxin (TGT) is a bacterial phytotoxin produced by "Pseudomonas syringae pv. tagetis". 
Chemical structure.
When TGT was first isolated, it was only partially characterized. The first proposed chemical structure of TGT involved an eight-membered ring, but this was revised shortly afterward to a bicyclic structure (shown at right) based on NMR and mass spectrometry. This structure, however, has been questioned. The absolute configuration remains undetermined, and attempts at confirming the structure by organic synthesis are underway.
Mechanism of action.
TGT interferes with development of chloroplasts in young plant leaves thereby causing chlorosis. The natural target of the toxin is chloroplast RNA polymerase. Chloroplast RNA polymerase belongs to ubiquitous family of multisubunit RNA polymerases (RNAP) and is most closely related to bacterial enzymes. "In vitro", TGT inhibits bacterial RNAPs from "Escherichia coli" and "Thermus thermophilus", and eukaryotic RNA polymerase III. In contrast, eukaryotic RNA polymerase I and II as well as single-subunit RNA polymerases of bacteriophage T7 and SP6 are relatively insensitive to the compound. TGT binds in the RNAP active site and inhibits initiation and elongation phases of transcription as well as pyrophosphorolysis of the nascent RNA. However, the detailed mechanism of inhibition remains a subject of heated debate. 
It has been suggested that TGT forms a ternary RNAP-NTP-TGT complex and inhibits phosphodiester bond synthesis either by binding an inhibitory magnesium ion or by trapping a flexible active site domain in an inactive conformation. The third theory suggests that TGT forms predominantly a binary RNAP-TGT complex and inhibits RNAP translocation along the DNA by mimicking the transcription byproduct pyrophosphate. 

</doc>
<doc id="36866026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866026" title="California Historical Landmarks in Shasta County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Shasta County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the California Historical Landmark listing in Shasta County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="36866030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866030" title="2012–13 UNLV Runnin' Rebels basketball team">
2012–13 UNLV Runnin' Rebels basketball team

The 2012–13 UNLV Runnin' Rebels men's basketball team represented the University of Nevada, Las Vegas during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team was coached by Dave Rice, in his second year with the Runnin' Rebels. They played their home games at the Thomas & Mack Center on UNLV's main campus in Las Vegas, Nevada and were a member of the Mountain West Conference. They finished with a record of 25–10 overall, 10–6 in Mountain West play to finish in third place. They advanced to the championship game of the Mountain West Tournament where they lost to New Mexico. They receive an at-large bid in the 2013 NCAA Tournament where they lost in the second round to California.
Schedule and results.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular season
!colspan=9| 2013 Mountain West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament
!colspan=9| 2013 NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="36866033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866033" title="Cheers (season 2)">
Cheers (season 2)

The second season of "Cheers", an American situation comedy television series, originally aired on NBC in the United States between September 29, 1983, and May 10, 1984, with 22 episodes. The show was created by director James Burrows and writers Glen and Les Charles, and was produced by Charles Burrows Charles Productions in association with Paramount Television. The second season has been released on DVD as a four-disc set.
The show won Emmy Awards, including one for Outstanding Comedy Series, in 1983 and 1984. Critical reception was mostly positive, with negative commentary about the extended romance between Sam and Diane.
Background.
During season one (1982–1983), the show's Nielsen ratings were very low, despite strong, positive reviews. Nonetheless, NBC renewed the show for another season, which was announced on March 13, 1983. In mid-1983, reruns improved the show's ratings, which rose into the top 20 for most episodes. Four days before the second season premiered, the show won five Emmy Awards out of thirteen nominations, including an Outstanding Comedy Series of 1982–83. Meanwhile, "Taxi" and "Fame", two shows that were originally part of NBC's 1982–83 Thursday night lineup, struggled with low ratings. "Taxi" was moved from Thursday to Saturday, and "Fame" was moved into first-run syndication. As announced in May 1983, the Fall 1983 Thursday lineup consisted of, in order of time sequence starting at 8pm (Eastern) / 7pm (Central), "Gimme a Break!", "Mama's Family", "We Got It Made", "Cheers" and "Hill Street Blues".
Cast and characters.
Sam and Diane finally pair up, but their relationship is dysfunctional and has problems. They have fulfilling casual sex but seem to have little else in common. They constantly compete with each other, argue, break up, and make up again until they end their on-again, off-again relationship at the end of the season.
Episodes.
Original air dates of following episodes are not actual premiere dates for some television stations of the United States, like KTUU-TV from Anchorage, Alaska. In those areas, episodes may have been broadcast at later dates.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Ratings.
The second season of "Cheers" was scheduled against CBS's "Simon & Simon" and various ABC programs, including the short-lived sitcom "It's Not Easy" and short-lived medical drama "Trauma Center". The season scored an average rating of 17.6 and achieved a 27% audience share in its first seven weeks. In December, "We Got It Made" was on hiatus and later moved to Saturdays, "Buffalo Bill" took over the 9:30pm time slot, and "Cheers" was shown at 9pm. At the end of the season, "Cheers" finished in 35th place in the Nielsen ratings.
Reception.
This season was reviewed at the time of its first broadcast on NBC. According to an April 26, 1984, survey from "The Philadelphia Inquirer" (polled by almost 5,000 people) and an April 1984 survey from "Cincinnati Enquirer", "Cheers" was one of the top ten favorite programs. David Bianculli from "Knight Ridder" news agency praised it as "the best comedy on TV". Ron Miller and Steve Sonsky from the same news agency gave the same praise. Sonsky said the show was hilarious, unrealistic, absurd, superbly crafted and " ... its just the way comedy should be: comic exaggeration built on a grain of truth you can identify with".
Other reviews were less than positive. According to Sonsky, Harry Stein writing for "TV Guide" said "Cheers" and shows like it are "destructive". Sonsky wrote that Stein and other critics "call such shows to task for failing to display ... commendable and enduring relationships, based on trust and moral values". Mike Boone from the Montreal newspaper "The Gazette" wrote that the romance between Sam and Diane lasted far too long, spoiled the atmosphere of the bar, and transformed the supporting cast into a "Greek chorus of concerned bystanders". Fred Rothenberg from "The Associated Press" said the program's second season "had some great shows, but dwelled incessantly on the conflict between Sam and Diane without developing the other characters .
20 years after the series was first broadcast, reviews grew more positive. Adam Arseneau from "DVD Verdict" gave the series a rating of 90 percent on story and 93 percent on acting. Shannon Nutt from "DVD Talk" rated it four stars out of five for content. Kyle Crawford from "TheBoxSet.com" called it "smartly written and well acted". Robert David Sullivan ranked the two-part season finale "I'll Be Seeing You" at number four in his list of top 100 favorite sitcom episodes, and wrote that trying to change each other and hurting each otherphysically or emotionallytook its toll on Sam and Diane's relationship. The A.V. Club graded "I'll Be Seeing You" A-. Meredith Blake of that website wrote that a fight scenewhich she described as a "Stooges-esque nose-pinching, face-slapping farce"is "sublimely well-executed, but it also has a troubling subtext". Blake added, "[when Diane expresses her shock over the violence, Sam fires back that he hadn’t hit her as hard as he wanted to. It sounds less like a defense of his behavior than a confession to even darker emotions." "TV Guide" named "How Do I Love Thee... Let Me Call You Back" a "classic episode".
Production.
In response to criticism on Diane and Sam's relationship, "Cheers" creators said that they still entertained viewers without diminishing the show's quality and going out of character. Les Charles, the co-creator, co-writer, and producer of "Cheers", said that the on-and-off relationship between Sam and Diane would evolve into consummation and was never meant to last. Les said that Sam and Diane have strong chemistry but incompatible backgrounds. Glen Charles said that Sam and Diane still antagonize each other, no matter what the state of relationship. Director James Burrows said that pairing Diane and Sam was not a mistake and that keeping them apart for the whole season would have been worse. The cliffhanger after their breakup in the two-part season finale "I'll Be Seeing You" was intented so that "he audience will have all summer to wonder whether Sam will ever see Diane again," said Les. Meanwhile, writers planned to give Diane another love interest for the next season.
In August 25, 1983, a fire broke out at Paramount Studios where "Cheers" was filmed. Two or three sound stages and four outdoor sets were destroyed; the show's production set and the rest of the studios were unharmed. Diane's apartment is the first place outside the bar to appear onscreen since the season premiere "Power Play". John Ratzenberger, who appeared frequently as a guest star in the first season, was billed in the second season as a permanent character on the opening credits. In 1984, NBC renewed the show for its third season (1984–1985).
Accolades.
"Cheers" received twelve Emmy Award nominations for the 1983–84 season and won four, including Outstanding Comedy Series. Rhea Perlman won Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series, David Angell won Outstanding Writing in a Comedy Series for "Old Flames", and Andrew Chulack won Outstanding Film Editing for a Series. "Cheers" received three Golden Globe nominations for Best Musical/Comedy Series of 1983; Best Actor in a Musical/Comedy Series (Ted Danson), and Best Actress in a Musical/Comedy Series (Shelley Long); neither were won in 1984. Of the nominees for 1984, Shelley Long won a Golden Globe in 1985 as the Best Actress in a Musical/Comedy Series.
DVD release.
This season was released into Region 1 DVD on January 6, 2004, almost twenty years its first television broadcast. Adam Arseneau of "DVD Verdict" rated the video 91 percent. He rated audio 84 percent and found it "less spectacular".
References.
Ratings notes.
These sources were accessed at "NewsBank", which . Except where noted, they were originally published in print editions of "The Miami Herald" newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="36866041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866041" title="Heal (Loreen album)">
Heal (Loreen album)

Heal is the debut studio album by Swedish recording artist Loreen. The album was released on 24 October 2012 through Warner Music Sweden. It received positive reviews from critics and received commercial success in the charts, notably reaching number one in Sweden and was certified Platinum there. Four singles were released from the album, "Euphoria" was released in February 2012 as the lead single, "My Heart Is Refusing Me" was released in international markets in a new remixed version as the second single in October 2012, "Crying Out Your Name" was released in Sweden only as the second single the same month. "In My Head" was released as the fourth single in February 2013. A fifth single "We Got the Power" was released as the lead single from the reissued version of "Heal" that was released in May 2013.
Background.
EscDaily reported in August 2012 saying: Signed by Warner Music Sweden, Looreen spent her time over the past month in the studio working with various producers for her anticipated first album. It is expected that her first single, “My Heart is Refusing Me” as well as it’s follow-up “Sober” will be featured on the record, along with “Euphoria”. The official album cover was released on October 1, 2012. "Heal" was officially released in October 24, 2012. On 31 May 2013, "Heal" was re released as "Heal (2013 Edition)", it features two new tracks "We Got the Power" and an acoustic version of "Euphoria", the reissue version excludes the song "See You Again".
Composition.
The album opens with "In My Head", the song has a throbbing bass beat and low brooding synth strings. The next track "My Heart Is Refusing Me" is in a new remixed form and is slightly different from the original version released in 2011. The song is a dance balladry track that has a chorus that formulaically expands after periods of restraint verses. "Everytime" was highly praised by critics, the song opens in an acoustic production, featuring only Loreen's voice and the piano. After the openings verse the beat kicks in and the production changes to heavy synths and claps. Euphoria is a dance song and the album version contains an extended intro which is not present in the single version, it opens with heavy strings before the songs starts. The following track, "Crying Out Your Name" features heavy synths and drum ‘n’ bass beats, described as a relatable self-destructive break up track. "Do We Even Matter" is a midtempo song that features a lullaby outro of a finger piano that gently tinkling away over the main chord melody.
"Sidewalk" was described to have a R&B feel about it at the start but later when the synths comes in and the song starts to build into a superb musical mix with Loreen’s voice layered through it. The next track "Sober" was originally released in late 2011, and like "My Heart Refusing Me" has been remixed, this version is more uptempo than the original. "If She’s The One" has an eastern infuesed influences in its production. "Breaking Robot" is an uptempo track with heavy synths that features a distorted male vocal during the chorus of the song. "See You Again" described as the most commercial song besides "Euphoria", the track opens with some guitar chords being strummed and critics compared the songs chorus to Rihanna's song "Where Have You Been". The final track, "Heal" has a sombre electronica feel to it and described as a heartfelt finale where Loreen cries out the chorus lines like a diva whilst the keyboards sound slightly warped and discordant.
Critical reception.
Upon its release, "Heal" has received positive reviews from music critics. "Scandipop.co.uk" were very positive in their review, writing "So all is well – we’re happy campers." They praised the more dance ready songs on the album, while the criticized the balladry songs, by stating "although we wouldn’t recommend judging the album too much on what you hear in these, they’re really not the best representation of any of the songs." "Samesame.com.au" gave the album a positive review as well, saying: "Heal is an alluring blend of pulsating dance pop that feel more subtle than what one might initially expect from a Eurovision pop purveyor, in the current pop market that is already fluent in electronic dance music parlance, Heal speaks a language of its own – shrugging off trendy dubstep inflections in favour of a richer, soundscape that enhance its emotive lyrics rather than compete with it. "Higher Plain Music" also gave the album a positive review stating: "“Heal” is something of a sombre dance album revelation, and is the most solid albums from a Eurovision artist I’ve come across in years. It’s got everything a guilty pleasure would usually have but is given a much more mature edge with slick production, excellent vocals and enough minor chords to make each song sound valid and non-cheesed. Highly, highly recommended for those who look for “good pop”. Escxtra.com gave the albuma positive review saying: "I think this is a solid début album for Loreen and am very impressed with the overall quality of it. I can confidently say that I give the album 5 stars due to its commercial elements, catchy choruses, the dance beats as well as the raw emotion felt in Loreen’s vocal throughout the album.
Commercial performance.
"Heal" debuted in Sweden at number one, and stayed inside the top 10 for seven weeks, and remained in the chart for 19 weeks. It was later certified Platinum there after selling 40,000 copies there. Elsewhere the album achieved moderate success, it reached the top 10 in Finland, Estonia and Switzerland and peaked inside the top 20 in countries such as Denmark, Netherlands and Germany. In the United Kingdom the album debuted at number 71 and stayed in the charts for one week.
Singles.
"My Heart Is Refusing Me" was originally released as a standalone single on 27 February 2011. The song peaked to number 9 on the Swedish Singles Chart. The song appears remixed on the album and was re-released as the album's second international single on 8 October 2012. "Sober" was also released as a standalone single on 12 September 2011 and appears in a remixed form on the album. The song peaked to number 26 on the Swedish Singles Chart. "Euphoria" was released as the album's first international single. The song was released on 26 February 2012. She represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku, Azerbaijan, with the song and won the contest with 372 points. Commercially, the song was a success, not only in European markets, but also in different countries. "Crying Out Your Name" was released as the fourth Swedish single from the album on 8 October 2012. The song has so far peaked at number 19 on the Swedish Singles Chart. "In My Head" was released as the fifth Swedish single off the album on 14 February 2013. Single version of this song differs from the album version where the single version is under one minute shorter and the release features the Promise Land remix in radio and extended edit. "Heal" was released as a promo single alongside a music video released on the 20 of February. In cooperation with Efterlyst Sweden and Directed by Robin Kempe-Bergman

</doc>
<doc id="36866046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866046" title="Kotobeppu Yōhei">
Kotobeppu Yōhei

Kotobeppu Yōhei (born 17 October 1965 as Yōhei Miura) is a former sumo wrestler from Beppu, Ōita, Japan. He made his professional debut in March 1981, and reached the top division in November 1992. His highest rank was "maegashira" 1. He retired in November 1997.
Career record.
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　

</doc>
<doc id="36866058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866058" title="TIGRFAMs">
TIGRFAMs

TIGRFAMs is a database of protein families designed to support manual and automated genome annotation. Each entry includes a multiple sequence alignment and hidden Markov model (HMM) built from the alignment. Sequences that score above the defined cutoffs of a given TIGRFAMs HMM are assigned to that protein family and may be assigned the corresponding annotations.
Like Pfam, TIGRFAMs uses the HMMER package written by Sean Eddy. TIGRFAMs is produced at the J. Craig Venter Institute. It is one of 11 member databases in InterPro. The current version of TIGRFAMs, release 13.0, has over 4200 models.

</doc>
<doc id="36866065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866065" title="Rotherham Girls' High School">
Rotherham Girls' High School

Rotherham Girls' Grammar School was a grammar school in Rotherham.
History.
The school was taken over by Rotherham Corporation in 1906. It moved to Middle Lane in 1910. It closed in 1973 and a comprehensive school, , opened in the same buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="36866074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866074" title="Joao Luiz Ferreira Baptista">
Joao Luiz Ferreira Baptista

Joao Luiz is a former Argentinian association football player. He spent one season in Major League Soccer.
In 1997, the MetroStars purchased Luiz’ contract from Vasco de Gama. He played only seven games, spending most of the season on injury reserve. The MetroStars released him at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="36866079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866079" title="Raven Lord (band)">
Raven Lord (band)

Raven Lord is a multinational heavy metal band founded by Csaba Zvekan (Exorcism, Killing Machine, Sardonyx, Emergency). The band recorded their debut album, "Descent to the Underworld", in 2012. It was mixed by Fredrik Nordström and mastered by Maor Appelbaum.
Their musical genre is heavy metal, but also includes neo classical and power metal influences. Zvekan cites bands including Judas Priest, Black Sabbath, and Yngwie Malmsteen as influences.
Band membership has changed many times prior to the announcement of their touring line up. 
Around September 2012, the band announced that Joe Stump had joined the band as a full-time member.
On October 27, 2012, the band announced they had been signed by Mausoleum Records for a two-album deal.
"Descent to the Underworld".
Mausoleum Records released the debut album "Descent to the Underworld" in Europe on February 1st, 2013, and in North America on February 12th, 2013.
The album was very well received and has earned a number of best votes from various critics.
In February 2013, ex-Power Quest drummer Rich Smith replaced Larry Paterson on drums.
The single, "Perish", was released March 23rd, 2013.
On April 18th, 2013, it was announced that Craig Gruber was to replace Jamie Mallender for the bassist's position.
In June 2013, the band played summer shows in the United Kingdom followed by the R-Mine Metalfest 2013 festival in Belgium.
Their second single, "Fighting for Freedom", was released on June 22nd, 2013.
On August 2nd, 2013, Rich Smith was replaced by Claudio Tirincanti at the drummer's position.

</doc>
<doc id="36866083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866083" title="Davis-Ercanbrack Farmstead">
Davis-Ercanbrack Farmstead

The Davis-Ercanbrack Farmstead at 2044 S. Main St. in Orem, Utah, United States, was built in 1905. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. The listing included four contributing buildings on .
The core of the house dates from c.1870 but alterations since have been so considerable that no part clearly evokes that era. The historically significant period of the surviving property dates from 1905. Also, fruit was first grown on the property in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="36866102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866102" title="Taylor Farms">
Taylor Farms

Taylor Fresh Foods (known as Taylor Farms) is an American-based producer of fresh-cut fruits and vegetables. Founded by former Fresh Express founder and CEO Bruce Taylor in 1995 with the goal of becoming "America's Favorite Salad Maker," Taylor Farms currently ranks as the world's largest producer of fresh-cut vegetables. With products that range from bagged salads to freshly prepared meals, Taylor Farms supplies many of the largest supermarket chains and foodservice restaurants in the United States. Taylor Farms headquarters are located in Salinas, California with regional processing plants in the following locations: Salinas, California; Tracy, California; Gonzales, California; Yuma, Arizona; Dallas, Texas; Colorado Springs, Colorado; Smyrna, Tennessee; Orlando, Florida; Annapolis, Maryland; Swedesboro, New Jersey; Chicago, Illinois; and San Miguel de Allende, Mexico.
Food safety recalls.
Taylor was one of the companies whose products were recalled due to food safety concerns in 2011, including a May recall of salads mixed with grape tomatoes supplied by Florida growers and an October recall of salad blends produced by Taylor. No illnesses related to consumption of the recalled products were reported. Additional product recalls in 2012 included mangoes voluntarily removed August 30 by Taylor Farms New Jersey and retailers from East Coast food stores in four states. Drew McDonald, vice president of national quality systems for Taylor, had testified at a 2009 house panel convened to consider the Food Safety Enhancement Act of 2009. While stressing the value of collaboration between food producers and government regulators, Mr. McDonald took issue with the bill's proposal to allow FDA quarantines of areas from which unsafe food had its origin.

</doc>
<doc id="36866138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866138" title="Houtermans">
Houtermans

Houtermans may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="36866140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866140" title="AEIS Agronomia">
AEIS Agronomia

Associação de Estudantes do Instituto Superior de Agronomia or Agronomia is a Portuguese multisports club for Instituto Superior de Agronomia students. Agronomia has won one Campeonato Nacional Honra/Super Bock and nine Taça de Portugal de Rugby. It is one of the oldest rugby clubs in Portugal. Three players were represented the club at the 2007 Rugby World Cup finals. 
On 18 February 2012 the club won the Taça de Portugal de Rugby for the ninth time.

</doc>
<doc id="36866176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866176" title="¿Hay Corazón?">
¿Hay Corazón?

¿Hay Corazón? was a Venezuelan dating game show produced and aired by Televen in 2012, and hosted by Caterina Valentino. The show premiered on 14 February 2012, and it was aired Monday through Friday at .
On 30 July 2012 Televen removed the show from its regular programming, following a notification by the CONATEL, Venezuela's telecommunications regulatory body, that it had to be moved to the adult apt time frame of to . Televen's general manager, Leonardo Bigott, declared that they had taken the official regulations into account when the show was first announced, and that the show's contents complied with what is established by law.

</doc>
<doc id="36866230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866230" title="Immanuel Evangelical Lutheran Church (Boise, Idaho)">
Immanuel Evangelical Lutheran Church (Boise, Idaho)

Immanuel Evangelical Lutheran Church is a Lutheran church located in Boise, Idaho. The church was organized on January 22, 1906, as the Swedish Lutheran Church of the Augustana Synod. It was associated with the Augustana Evangelical Lutheran Church, a Lutheran church body founded by Swedish immigrants. The current church building was built in 1908 and was dedicated on September 22, 1915. Because the founders were Scandinavian, the church services were first held in the Swedish language. October 1, 1918, the church decided to change to the English language for church sermons, in an effort to appeal to Lutherans of other ethnic backgrounds. The last remaining tie to the founders' Swedish heritage was severed in 1919, when the church changed its name to Boise Evangelical Lutheran Church. In the 1950s the church was renamed again as Immanuel Evangelical Lutheran Church.
The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 17, 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="36866238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866238" title="1995 Munster Senior Hurling Championship Final">
1995 Munster Senior Hurling Championship Final

The 1995 Munster Senior Hurling Championship Final was a hurling match played on 9 July 1995 at Semple Stadium, Thurles, County Tipperary. It was contested by Clare and Limerick. 
Clare claimed their first Munster Championship since 1932 and fourth ever after beating Limerick on a scoreline of 1-17 to 0-11. Clare were leading the game by 1-5 to 0-7 at half time.
With the scores at 0-5 to 0-3 in Clare's favour in the first half, Davy Fitzgerald scored from a penalty five minutes before the break, crashing the ball high into the net at the town end before sprinting back to his goal-line. In 2005 this penalty goal came fifth in the Top 20 GAA Moments poll by the Irish public.
Clare were captained by Anthony Daly and managed by Ger Loughnane in his first year.
Clare had defeated Cork in the semi-final by 2-13 to 3-09 to reach the final, while Limerick had defeated Tipperary by 0-16 to 0-15 in their semi-final.
The match was screened live by RTÉ as part of "The Sunday Game" programme with commentary by Ger Canning and analysis by Éamonn Cregan. 

</doc>
<doc id="36866280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866280" title="Best of 4Minute">
Best of 4Minute

Best of 4Minute is the first Japanese compilation album by the South Korean girl group 4Minute. It is composed of all the Japanese tracks released by the group since their debut in Japan. It was released on September 26, 2012 in three different editions: 2 limited CD+DVD (Type A with a live event and Type B with all Japanese music videos) and a Regular edition.
Background and composition.
The album includes tracks released by the group since their debut in Japan in 2010, all singles, some b-sides and album tracks. The album was released in three different editions: 2 CD+DVD, Type A includes the live event "4Minute Live Energy Vol.2 "Diamond" 2010.12.04 Zepp Tokyo", Type B has all Japanese music videos released at the date and a regular edition, with only the CD itself. The album also includes the song "Goodbye", b-side of the single "I My Me Mine", two songs from the album "Diamond", "Can't Make Up My Mind" and "December" and a Japanese version of their debut song "Hot Issue", previously unreleased. The art covers of the album features individual photos of the girls and jacket covers of the group's past releases.
Singles.
The album includes five singles that were not included in any album or compilation release:
The first single is the song "Dreams Come True", which was released as a double A-side single along with "First". "First" was included on the group's Japanese debut album "Diamond". The single was released in October 24, 2010 and sold around 6,500 copies of the physical single at the date.
The second single is the song "Why", released on March 9, 2011. At the date, it is the most successfully selling single of the group with around 15,000 copies sold physically. The song was chosen as theme song for the Japanese drama "Akuto~Juuhanzai Sousa Han".
The third single is a Japanese version of the song "Heart to Heart", released on September 7, 2011. The physical single sold around 10,000 copies at the date. The original version of the song is the first single of the group's first Korean studio album "4minutes Left".
The fourth single is the song "Ready Go", released on December 7, 2011. The physical single sold around 8,000 copies at the date. The song was used as opening theme song for the Japanese drama "Welcome to the El-Palacio". The b-side, a Japanese version of "Sweet Suga Honey!", was also included on the album. The original version of the song was included on the group's first Korean studio album "4minutes Left" as track #4.
The fifth and final single is the song "Love Tension", released on August 22, 2012. The physical single is currently the most unsuccessfully selling single of the group in Japan, with 3,701 copies sold in the first week. The b-side, a Japanese version of "Volume Up", was also included on the album. The original version of the song is the lead single of the group's third mini album of same name.

</doc>
<doc id="36866342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866342" title="Gianbernardino Scotti">
Gianbernardino Scotti

Gianbernardino Scotti (d. 1568) was an Italian Roman 
Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
Gianbernardino Scotti was born in Magliano Sabina ca. 1478, the son of a noble family that had lived there for 400 years.
He was an expert in Greek, Hebrew, Chaldean, and in canon law. He entered the order of the Theatines in 1525, and is believed to be the first man to receive the Theatine habit. He was subsequently ordained as a priest.
In 1548, he accompanied Luigi Lippomano, Bishop of Verona during the bishop's nunciature in Germany. Returning from Germany, he moved to Venice to continue his studies. 
In 1555, Pope Paul IV, one of the founders of the Theatine Order, summoned Scotti to Rome, making him Archbishop of Trani and cardinal priest in the consistory of December 20, 1555. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Matteo in Via Merulana on January 13, 1556.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1559 that elected Pope Pius IV. On August 9, 1559, he was transferred to the see of Piacenza. Pope Pius IV called him to Rome and named him to a commission of cardinals charged with reforming the Roman Missal and the Roman Breviary. 
He was a participant in the papal conclave of 1565-66 that elected Pope Pius V. The new pope made him a member of the Roman Inquisition, and placed him in charge of the affairs of the Eastern Catholic Churches. He resigned the government of Piacenza sometime before July 23, 1568. 
He died in Rome on December 11, 1568. He was buried in the Basilica of Saint Paul Outside the Walls.

</doc>
<doc id="36866348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866348" title="Viktor Kubiszyn">
Viktor Kubiszyn

Viktor Kubiszyn (born 1979) is a Hungarian writer. He studied film theory, film history, Hungarian linguistics and literature, as well as aesthetics, at the Faculty of Humanities of Eötvös Loránd University, Budapest between 1998 and 2006.
Biography.
Kubiszyn was born in Miskolc on Nov. 16, 1979, and has lived since 1986 in Budapest. He graduated in 1998 from the Berzsenyi Dániel Gimnázium (Berzsenyi High School). From 1988 to 2006 he was a student at the Eötvös Loránd University Faculty of Humanities (ELTE BTK) .
He spent one part of his past junkie life in the 8th district of Budapest, Józsefváros, near the historic )Inner City district which he often calls “the Zone”. This part of the city is the poorest area of Budapest with a bad reputation. The area is a traditional craftsmen neighborhood, which became a slum in the previous decades.
"Filmflesskönyv".
His first book was published by Underground Kiadó in 2011 as "Filmflesskönyv' (Film-trip-book), a collection of articles and essays. It contains his film criticisms which were published mostly in the “Filmhu” movie page and “Filmvilág” between 2003 and 2006. He has also published in “[http://www.pergokepek.hu Pergő Képek”, “Beszélő”, “Mozinet Magazin” and “Árgus”.
The following is an extract from the preface to the book written by András Vágvölgyi B.: "“Viktor Kubiszyn is not a production-line worker of daily film criticism; Viktor Kubiszyn is an author with directions. His choices of values and topics are counter-cultural; he prefers elevating and praising to bad-mouthing, criticizing and cutting his way forward in the world of motion pictures. Underground, drug movies; alchemy in 24 frames per second, celluloid culture from the 60s through our times.”" "(translated by Paul Crowson)"
"Drognapló ".
His first novel, "Drognapló" (Drug Diary), a documentary autobiographical novel, was published in 2011 by Jószöveg Műhely Kiadó [http://www.joszoveg.hu].
"Drognapló" draws from a very important part of the author’s life. The writer, who quit his drug addiction of his own accord, received a request from the Hungarian literary portal, Litera, on the first anniversary of his rebirth in 2010 to write a diary. This short story-like infernal trip piqued the publishing house’s interest, so they decided to order the writing of a whole book based on the story.
Audiobook.
"Drognapló" is available in Hungarian audiobook format, on a free CD. It contains 6,5 hours of audio in mp3, the author’s reading his own book. It was made in 8 sessions in April 2012, with sound engineer/editor Dániel Balog in Tilos Radio.
Videos.
Hungarian online magazine ”Index” [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYz-ydNTBeY&feature=g-user-u] shot a video about his past junkie life in the 8th district of Budapest and his rehab and faith in God. The short film consists of three parts: in the first part the author talks about his way of life in the 8th, the viewer can see the slummy surrounding and also some photos about "Kubiszyn" from the past. In the second part the author’s having a conversation with one of the social workers who deals with disadvantaged Romani youth day by day. In the third chapter we get an inside look into a Hungarian rehab where "Kubiszyn" got help in getting rid of his addictions. He tells stories about how he wrote his book Drug Diary, how he lived in this institution, has a little conversation with one of the inmates and at the end he explains his faith in God.

</doc>
<doc id="36866351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866351" title="Stormbro">
Stormbro

Stormbro (English: Storm Bridge) is a small arch bridge in Copenhagen, Denmark, marking the transition between Slotsholmen Canal and Frederiksholm Canal, two sections of the canal which separates from the rest of the city centre. It links Stormgade (towards City Hall) with Vindebrogade on Slotsholmen (towards Kongens Nytorv).
History.
The bridge is named after the Storm on Copenhagen in 1659. It was at this very spot, where the city ramparts at that time were located, that the Swedish troops made their principal attack. After a series of defeats, the Danish troops finally gained victory, the Swedish troops leaving 2,000 dead soldiers in front of the ramparts at Stormgade.
Various sources state that the bridge was erected in 1681 but on the side the inscription "erected in MDCLX" is carved into its stone foundation.
Current bridge.
The bridge was renovated by Martin Nyrop in 1918. It is built in stone and has three arches.

</doc>
<doc id="36866369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866369" title="List of 12-metre yachts">
List of 12-metre yachts

"This is a list of 12-metre yachts."

</doc>
<doc id="36866387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866387" title="Oginohana Akikazu">
Oginohana Akikazu

Oginohana Akikazu (born 18 November 1967 as Akikazu Koiwai) is a former sumo wrestler from Ichikawa, Chiba, Japan. He made his professional debut in July 1983, and reached the top division in January 1990. His highest rank was "maegashira" 2. He retired in July 1998. He is the son of former "sekiwake" Oginohana Masaaki and the elder brother of former "komusubi" Oginishiki.

</doc>
<doc id="36866416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866416" title="Connor Taylor">
Connor Taylor

Connor Joseph Taylor (born 5 September 1992 in Coventry) is an English footballer who currently plays for Conference North side Tamworth, where he plays as a midfielder.
Playing career.
Aston Villa.
Connor Taylor began his professional career with Premier League side Aston Villa, Taylor didn't make the grade at the club and was released on 23 May, 2012. 
Tamworth (loan).
On 2 March 2012, Taylor agreed to join Conference National side Tamworth on a month loan deal. Taylor made 8 appearances for the club and scored his one and only goal for The Lambs in a 1-1 draw with Grimsby Town.
Walsall.
Following his release by Aston Villa, Connor signed for League One side Walsall on 1 August, 2012, joined on the same day at the club by former West Bromwich Albion player Paul Downing. Taylor only made one appearance for the club in a 3-0 defeat in the League Cup away to Queens Park Rangers on 28 August, 2012, with Connor playing the full match. Taylor was released by Walsall on 9 May, 2013, along with Richard Taundry, George Bowerman, Aaron Williams and Jake Jones. 
Nuneaton Town (loan).
In October 2012, he joined Football Conference side Nuneaton Town on a one-month loan, which was later extended. Connor made 18 appearances with the club and scored one goal in a 1-1 home draw with Mansfield Town on 6 November, 2012. 
Nuneaton Town.
Following been released by Walsall, Connor signed a permanent deal with Nuneaton Town on 9 July, 2013, joined on the same day by on loan Birmingham City defender Amari'i Bell Connor made 22 appearances with the club during the 2013–14 season, On 1 May, 2014, Taylor was invited back to training for the 2014–15 season by manager Brian Reid despite been out of contract with the club. 
Tamworth.
On June 3, 2014, Taylor re-joined newly relegated Conference North side Tamworth, where he signed a one-year deal, and was joined by former Nuneaton Town colleagues James Belshaw and Jon Adams. 

</doc>
<doc id="36866429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866429" title="Dick Thompson">
Dick Thompson

Dick Thompson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36866461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866461" title="Carron Greig">
Carron Greig

Sir Henry Louis Carron Greig, KCVO, CBE, DL (21 February 1925 – 11 July 2012), usually known simply as Carron Greig, was a British business executive, landowner and courtier. 
Early years.
The son of Sir Louis Greig, he was born in Kingston, Surrey, and attended Eton and Sandhurst. 
World War II.
He served in the Scots Guards from 1943–47, where he was made a captain and intelligence officer. He was part of the 3rd (Tank) battalion, which worked mostly in Germany as the enemy was in retreat; his hand was crushed by a tank barrel. Other junior officers in his battalion included future Deputy Prime Minister William Whitelaw, Robert Runcie, a future Archbishop of Canterbury, and future industrialist Hector Laing (United Biscuits).
Business career.
Greig joined London shipbrokers Horace Clarkson & Co. Ltd in 1948, serving as Director and Managing Director before being named Chairman (1973-1985). He later became Chairman, Horace Clarkson, PLC (1976–93). One of his colleagues at Horace Clarkson was Sir Alexander Glen.
He also served as Director of British gunmaker James Purdey & Sons (1972–2000).
Personal life.
In 1955, he married Monica Kathleen Stourton, daughter of Major Hon. John Joseph Stourton and Kathleen Alice (née Gunther), on 23 September 1955. The marriage produced three sons and one daughter (Louis, Jonathan, Geordie, and Laura, Mrs. Lonsdale).
Carron Greig was a Gentleman Usher for Her Majesty, Queen Elizabeth II, from 1961 until 1995, when he became Extra Gentleman Usher. His son Louis was Page of Honour to the Queen, and his daughter Laura was a Lady-in-Waiting to Diana, Princess of Wales.
Sir Carron Greig died on 11 July 2012, aged 87, at Fleet, Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="36866462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866462" title="Alison Light">
Alison Light

Alison Light (born 4 August 1955) is a writer, critic and independent scholar. She is a Visiting Professor in the School of English at Newcastle University, Visiting Professor in Popular Literature at Sheffield Hallam University, and a Visiting Member of the English Faculty at Oxford University. She is a founding member of the Raphael Samuel Archive and History Centre in London.
Early career.
Light grew up in Portsmouth, UK, and read English at Churchill College, Cambridge from 1973 to 1976, where she was awarded a University scholarship. She worked as a school teacher, a cleaner, a researcher for the National Association for Gifted Children, and as a studio manager at the BBC, before taking an MA and D.Phil at Sussex University in 1991. She also taught for the Workers' Educational Association, at the Open University and as a lecturer in English at Brighton Polytechnic from 1984 to 1990, where she helped design an interdisciplinary degree in 'British Studies' in the UK. She published her first reviews and early fiction in the feminist magazine, "Spare Rib" and was for several years a member of the editorial collective of "Feminist Review", an academic journal of the British women’s movement. Her first academic article on romance fiction in 1984 helped open up the field of British popular culture to serious study and has been much anthologised. Her first book, "Forever England: Literature, Femininity and Conservatism between the Wars" is related to interwar studies and studies of ‘Englishness’. It argued that it was impossible to understand ideas about English character in the period, or the changes within literary culture, without recognizing the extent to which the female population represented the nation between the wars. Her coinage, ‘conservative modernity’, to describe British culture in the period, has been taken up by other scholars.
Raphael Samuel.
In 1987 Light married the socialist historian, Raphael Samuel, with whom she worked closely. From 1984 to 1995 she was a member of History Workshop Popular Literature Group which organized several national workshops in Britain held at Ruskin College, Oxford, including 'The Future of English' (1991), involving over two hundred policy-makers, schoolteachers and academics teaching English. In the 1990s Light also wrote reviews and articles regularly for the "New Statesman" and the film magazine "Sight & Sound". She held a full-time Lectureship in English at Royal Holloway College from 1991 to 1995 and a Research Fellowship in the Department of English at University College London from 1995 to 2003 where she also lectured in twentieth century English and American literature.
After Samuel's death in 1996, Light assembled and donated his papers to create the Raphael Samuel Archive, now held by Bishopsgate Institute in London. She was also a member of the initial team which established the Raphael Samuel History Research Centre, now flourishing as a partnership public history centre of University of East London, Birkbeck and Queen Mary colleges, London University, and the Bishopsgate Institute. Light also donated materials relating to Samuel’s mother, the composer Minna Keal (1909–99), a pupil of William Alwyn at the Royal Academy of Music and a Communist activist, whose first symphony was performed at the BBC Proms at the Royal Albert Hall in 1989. 
Light edited a posthumous volume of Samuel’s essay, "Island Stories" (Verso 1998), adding over three hundred footnotes and a biographical preface on his writing methods; and published a collection of his essays from "New Left Review", "The Lost World of British Communism" (Verso 2006). In 2003 she was given a personal Visiting Professorship at the University of East London and from 2006 to 2009 was appointed a Research Professor (part-time) attached to the History Centre, based in the School of Cultural and Media Studies.
Recent work.
In 2006 she took up a personal Chair as Professor of Modern English Literature and Culture (part-time) at Newcastle University, where she taught courses on modernism but also developed work on life writing. She published an edition of "Flush" by Virginia Woolf, with introduction and notes for Penguin Classics (2005) and gave the annual birthday lecture for the Virginia Woolf Society of Great Britain in 2007. Light’s second book, "Mrs Woolf and the Servants" (Fig Tree/Penguin 2007; Bloomsbury USA 2008), was both an original study of the servants who worked for the Bloomsbury circle and a social history of domestic service. It won second prize at the Longman History Today Awards and was longlisted for the Samuel Johnson Prize.
Light has since lectured in the US, Canada and France and in 2012 was invited to take up a visiting Fellowship in the History Department at the Australian National University. She broadcasts frequently on BBC radio and television; in 2012 she was consultant for a three part BBC 2 documentary series, "Servants: the True Story of Life below Stairs", in part a response to the hugely popular "Downton Abbey" series. Aside from her academic reviews and articles, she has also written for "The Guardian", the "Independent", and the "London Review of Books".

</doc>
<doc id="36866523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866523" title="Diomede Carafa">
Diomede Carafa

Diomede Carafa (1492–1560) was an Italian Roman 
Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
A member of the House of Carafa, Diomede Carafa was born in Ariano Irpino on January 7, 1492, the son of a noble family. He was a relative of Giovanni Pietro Carafa, who became Pope Paul IV.
After studying law, he worked for various Roman tribunals.
On April 9, 1511, he was elected Bishop of Ariano, with dispensation for not having reached the canonical age or having received Holy Orders.
Pope Paul IV made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of December 20, 1555. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Martino ai Monti on January 13, 1556.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1559 that elected Pope Pius IV.
He died in Rome on August 12, 1560. He was buried in his titular church.

</doc>
<doc id="36866532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866532" title="Anam Tanveer">
Anam Tanveer

Anam Tanveer (born 1986) is a TV host, actress and a writer/journalist. She is a MBA from SZABIST, Karachi. Before joining the electronic media, she has been writing for various newspapers, magazines and online forums such as Dawn, Pakistan State Times, Business Recorder, and TheNewsTribe.

</doc>
<doc id="36866554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866554" title="Johanna Danois">
Johanna Danois

Johanna Danois (born 4 April 1987 in Saint-Claude, Guadeloupe) is a French sprinter. She competed for the French team in the 4 × 100 metres relay at the 2012 Summer Olympics, which was disqualified in Round 1.

</doc>
<doc id="36866573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866573" title="Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board">
Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board

Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board () is the largest health organisation in Wales, providing a full range of primary, community, mental health and acute hospital services for a population of around 676,000 people across the six principal areas of North Wales (Anglesey, Conwy, Denbighshire, Flintshire, Gwynedd and Wrexham) as well as some parts of Mid Wales, Cheshire and Shropshire.
Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board is the operational name of Betsi Cadwaladr University Local Health Board.
The Board is responsible for the operation of three district general hospitals, 22 other acute and community hospitals, and a network of over 90 health centres, clinics, community health team bases and mental health units. It coordinates the work of 121 GP practices and NHS services provided by North Wales dentists, opticians and pharmacies.
The Board is named after Betsi Cadwaladr, a Welsh nurse born in Bala, Gwynedd in 1789. Towards the end of her life - in her mid-60s - she worked alongside Florence Nightingale, nursing casualties of the Crimean war.
The Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board combined the North Wales NHS Trust (previously North East Wales NHS Trust and Conwy & Denbighshire NHS Trust), the North West Wales NHS Trust, and the six Local Health Boards of Anglesey, Conwy, Denbighshire, Flintshire, Gwynedd and Wrexham.

</doc>
<doc id="36866644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866644" title="Icing Works">
Icing Works

Icing Works is a Penarth based supplier of cupcake cases, boxes and icing equipment to cupcake shops.
Founded in 2009 by former barrister Jennifer Yeo, she began selling personalised edible icing printing for large (usually birthday) cakes. The business now sells cupcakecake cases, cupcakecake presentation boxes, cupcake 'pods' and revolving icing stands.

</doc>
<doc id="36866706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866706" title="Ghammas">
Ghammas

Ghammas or Al Ghammas () is a town in Al Qadisyah Governorate of Iraq. Its population in 2012 is 17,334.

</doc>
<doc id="36866737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866737" title="S2o design and engineering">
S2o design and engineering

S2o Design and Engineering were the detailed designers of the London 2012 whitewater venue. The selection of this team to design the Olympic venue was unique because the designer was a former Olympic competitor ('92, '96, '00) who started a firm to design whitewater parks after receiving a degree in Engineering. The company was started in 2003 by Scott Shipley. Scott Shipley is a registered professional engineer who was formerly a World Cup Slalom Champion and World Silver Medalist in both freestyle kayaking and slalom kayaking.
S2o Design and Engineering worked with Engineering Paddler Designs to create the Rapidblocs Obstacle system. The system is currently patent pending and was used in the design of the London 2012 whitewater venue at the Lee Valley White Water Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="36866755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866755" title="Jean Suau">
Jean Suau

Jean Suau (1503–1566) was a French Roman 
Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
Jean Suau was born in the Castle of Rieumes in Gascony in 1503. He studied canon law and civil law.
Moving to Rome, he became an auditor, first of the Apostolic Palace, then of the Roman Rota.
On December 20, 1555, he was elected Bishop of Mirepoix. He was subsequently consecrated as a bishop.
Pope Paul IV made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of December 20, 1555. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Giovanni a Porta Latina on January 13, 1556.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1559 that elected Pope Pius IV. Under Paul IV, he served as Prefect of the Apostolic Signatura. He opted for the titular church of Santa Prisca on April 26, 1560. He resigned the government of Mirepoix sometime before January 31, 1561. He later participated in the papal conclave of 1565-66 that elected Pope Pius V.
He died in the Apostolic Palace on April 29, 1566. He was buried in Santo Spirito in Sassia.

</doc>
<doc id="36866796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866796" title="Yertsevo">
Yertsevo

Yertsevo () is a rural locality (a settlement) in Konoshsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia, located west of Lake Vozhe. Population: 
History.
Yertsevo was the location of the notorious Soviet concentration camp of the Gulag system before, during, and after World War II. The Yertsevo Camp Complex, one of over a dozen such complexes shared between Arkhangelsk and Vologda Oblasts, was established by the Soviet State Political Directorate secret service already in the 1930s. Since 1940, the camp was managed by the "Kargopolsky ITL" ("Ispravitelno-Trudovoy Lager") directorate. It was located about from the forest where the prisoners cut lumber all day, year-round, usually up to their waist in snow, emaciated, and always hungry.
Witness accounts confirm that the prisoners could survive in the forest-brigade for no more than two years. The dead were buried in mass graves with wooden tags attached to their legs with a string. Only the fresh young arrivals in the Yertsevo camp were put through the forest ordeal. The work productivity norm set by the prison administration was impossible to reach for many of the victims.
Yertsevo was granted urban-type settlement status in 1960, but was demoted to a rural locality on January 1, 2005.
In literature.
The Yertsevo labor camp was described in a book entitled "A World Apart", written by the eminent Polish writer and philosopher Gustaw Herling-Grudziński, camp survivor and, later, political dissident under the communist system. Captured by the NKVD in early 1940 as a Polish army soldier soon after the Soviet invasion of Poland, Herling-Grudziński spent a year and a half in the Yertsevo camp. Sentenced to five years, but eventually amnestied, he was also imprisoned at the Kargopol labor camp facility.
Prisoners were sent to the bath-house once every month. Some of them self-mutilated themselves at work by cutting off their fingers and rubbing dirt into the wounds in order to be sent to the camp infirmary, the only escape from death by exhaustion. Herling-Grudziński's account of camp life in the Soviet Gulag preceded Solzhenitsyn's revelations by more than a decade.
Since September 2009 there is a monument to the writer.

</doc>
<doc id="36866820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866820" title="Stevenston Beach">
Stevenston Beach

Stevenston Beach is a Local Nature Reserve (LNR), located between Stevenston and Saltcoats in Scotland. It is situated on the coast, west of the Stevenston Burn. The park covers an area of 12 ha (81.5 acres), and consists mostly of sand dunes, with an area of coal mining spoil derived from Auchenharvie Colliery No. 5 pit which produced Ladyha' coal. It is ranked as the fifth most important sand dune system in Ayrshire. The dunes are also designated as a wildlife site by the Scottish Wildlife Trust.
History.
The sand dunes lay in the lands of Saltcoats Campbell, belonging to the Campbell's of Dovecothall and later to the Warner's of Ardeer House near Piperheugh on the outskirts of Stevenston. The early OS maps show that a magnesia works was present in the area from 1832. A dwelling known as Summerseat in 1856 extended into the northern part of the dunes, bisected by the railway that forms the present boundary. Railway tracks and tramways associated with the Auchenharvie Colliery pit and its bing or spoil heap extended into the dune slack area until lifted in the 1940s. A Trig Point was positioned on top of this bing. The promenade or sea defence for the railway forms the western boundary of the LNR and the Stevenston Burn forms the eastern boundary. In the 1970s a couple of small buildings were all that was left of the old colliery and satellite photographs show their foundations and the extent of the spoil heap.
Several 'stones' are recorded on the OS maps near the Stevenston Burn, representing permanent markers for the boundary of the Saltcoats Campbell and Saltcoats Cunninghame lands as the burn itself tends to change course. Such stones are also to be found for the same reason beside the Montfode Burn at Ardrossan North Bay between the lands of Montfode held by the Montfode family and those of Eglinton held by the Montgomeries.
The Stevenston Canal ran on the Sandylands side, parallel to where the railway is now located. The Stevenston Burn was damed to supply the water for this shallow canal that carried coal from local pits to the harbour at Saltcoats.
James Clement records that the foreshore has taken on a very different look since the nine-hole golf course was abandoned in 1903 in favour of the 18-hole Ardeer Golf Links. The course was laid out in 1880, stretching from the old Auchenharvie Colliery No.5 pit bing as far as the perimeter of the old Ardeer Iron Works. Burnside House in George Street was the clubhouse and the first tee was on a site now occupied by Carmyle Place.
Many of the sand dunes at the Ardeer explosives works were covered with ash and then seeded with grass to stabilise them. It is not known if this was carried out at Stevenston, however very large quantities of ash were produced from coal used by the magnesia and salt works at Saltcoats.
The mine waste from the colliery has been integrated into the dune system and when exposed by wave action the shale waste often contains plant fossils such as species of Equisetum or Horsetails.
The site is owned by North Ayrshire Council, including the beach below the high water mark.
Wildlife.
The reserve represents the last fully forming sand dune system in North Ayrshire following the destruction and stabilisation of the Ardeer Hills sand dune system in the 19th century. Its sands are shifting and therefore changing the structure and position of the dunes.
Rarer sand dune vegetation such as Babington's Orache ("Atriplex glabriuscula") and Isle of Man Cabbage ("Coincya monensis monensis") have been recorded, together with typical sand dune wild flowers, including European Marram Grass ("Ammophila arenaria"), Lyme Grass ("Leymus arenarius"), Kidney Vetch, Tufted Vetch, Common Restharrow ("Ononis repens"), European Searocket ("Cakile maritima"), Sea Campion ("Silene maritima"), Prickly Saltwort ("Kali turgida"), Scottish Bluebell ("Campanula rotundifolia"), Bird's-foot Trefoil, Ragwort ("Senecio jacobaea"), Sea Mayweed ("Tripleurospermum maritimum") and Sea Sandwort ("Honckenya peploides"). Plants such as Lyme Grass were so important in stabilising sand dunes that during the 17th century reign of William III, the Scottish Parliament passed a law protecting it.
The sand dunes and shoreline plants support large numbers and a wide variety of insect species. Butterflies and moths present include Common Blues ("Polyommatus icarus"), Small Heaths ("Coenonympha pamphilus"), Small Coppers ("Lycaena phlaeas"), the sub-species "caeruleopunctata", Graylings ("Hipparchia semele") and the Six-spot Burnet ("Zygaena filipendulae").
Waders found on the beach include Sanderling ("Calidris alba"), Dunlin ("Calidris alpina"), Ringed Plover, and Oystercatchers are found on the neighbouring beach park. Brent Goose, Little Stint, and Golden Plover are sometimes seen. The strandline on the shore contains marine invertebrates, which is a food source for flocks of Twite ("Carduelis flavirostris"), Linnet ("Carduelis cannabina"), Pied Wagtail ("Motacilla alba yarrellii"), and, occasionally, Snow Bunting ("Plectrophenax nivalis"). Eurasian Skylark ("Alauda arvensis") and Meadow pipit ("Anthus pratensis")are likely sightings and Ravens ("Corvus corax") are sometimes seen. Common Snipe and Jack Snipe were both recorded at the site in 2014. Rooks are common and Great Black-backed Gulls are seen in addition to the Black-headed and Herring Gulls.
In August 1962 the Ardrossan and Saltcoats Herald (15 August 1962) reported that a penguin was spotted on the rocks at 'Sandylands Beach.' The police were informed but failed to catch it and its fate is not known. In 1998 150 plant species and 60 bird species were recorded at the site.
Aliens.
The dunes have suffered from non-native or inappropriate plantings such as alder, privet, hawthorn, michaelmas daisy, and in particular the Rugosa rose ("Rosa rugosa"). It is a suckering shrub which develops new plants from the roots and forms dense thickets 1–1.50 m tall. In late summer and early autumn the plants unusually often bear fruit and flowers at the same time. Planted nearby at the car park as an ornamental plant it has spread to the reserve and is now widespread and expanding. It is extremely tolerant of seaside salt spray and storms and is considered an invasive species. At Stevenston it is out-competing native flora, thereby threatening the biological diversity of this Local Nature Reserve. SNAPS (Scottish National Aerial Photography Scheme) has been used to map the areas of the Japanese Rose domination. It is hoped that volunteers will be able to prevent its further spread by digging it out by hand and removing it from the site for appropriate disposal.
Sand dune structure.
The area has various types of habitat starting from the mean high water springs where low growing plants form the first barrier to wind blow and start the process of sand deposition. Above this level and out of reach of all but the highest tides, dune grasses trap sand and cause a 'pioneer zone' of mobile fore-dunes to develop. At this stage the dunes are known as 'yellow dunes' due to the lack of vegetation. Other plants colonise the areas between the grasses and as soil, water and nutrients increase and the supply of fresh sand decreases, a more diverse flora becomes established in this area, referred to as 'grey dunes'. Behind these dunes an area of dune slack exists, protected from the winds, periodically drying out. a biodiverse dune grassland with an area of wetland and scrub extends from this zone.
Severe storms and flooding from the Stevenston Burn are two of the factors that periodically have a more or less dramatic effect upon the dune system and beach structure. The storms of the winter of 2014 resulted in the linear loss of several metres of the sea facing fore dunes, exposing previously buried old fencing and also eroding the coal mine spoil heap section with concomitant release of rocks and smaller shingle that was moved by long shore drift and covered relatively large areas of the previously sandy upper beach.
Dune systems are very susceptible to fire damage started as a result of barbecues and small fires or by deliberate actions.
Management.
The North Ayrshire Council Ranger Service patrols the site and works with groups to maintain and enhance the infrastructure and wildlife elements of the site.
Landfill tax credits collected by North Ayrshire Council provided funding to undertake environmental improvement projects within the LNR. ASH design + assessment was commissioned by the Environmental Trust for Scotland on behalf of North Ayrshire Council to undertake a project at Stevenston Beach. Construction for both projects was carried out by a local training organisation. The aim of this project was to conserve this locally scarce natural resource and reduce erosion by pedestrians and quad bikes randomlymoving through the dune area to access the beach. The completed scheme successfully resolved much of the dune erosion issues and has made Stevenston Beach LNR more easily accessible to the community and users of the nearby Sandylands Holiday Park, while helping to preserve the habitats within this important local nature reserve.
Management priorities in 2000 were sand trapping on the fore dunes, sowing new dune grasses, fencing off blow out areas, removing non-native or transplanted plants, litter clearance, signposting, and creating a network of dedicated paths.
According to the Scottish Natural Heritage survey of 1998 the site consists of:
1. Beach and strand-line communities
2. Mobile dune
3. Semi-fixed dune
4. Wet, neutral grassland communities.
5. Swamps, fen communities
6. Improved grassland communities (a small section at the Sandylands end).
Transport.
The LNR is situated on the coast beside the B714. Access by rail is from Stevenston railway station. Regular bus routes from Greenock/Ayr/Kilmarnock and Glasgow pass the beach. The Ardrossan to Kilwinning Sustrans cyclepath runs along the edge of the reserve and joins up with National Cyclepath 7 at Kilwinning.

</doc>
<doc id="36866845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866845" title="India national men's squash team">
India national men's squash team

The India national men's squash team represents India in international squash team competitions, and is governed by Squash Rackets Federation of India.
Since 1967, India has participated in three quarter finals of the World Squash Team Open.

</doc>
<doc id="36866860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866860" title="Elvenes, Finnmark">
Elvenes, Finnmark

Elvenes is a village in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. It is located at the mouth of the river Pasvikelva where it flows into the Bøkfjorden, a southern branch of the Varangerfjorden. The village lies about east of the village of Hesseng, along the European route E105. The town of Kirkenes lies about a drive to the northwest.
During the Occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany a camp for Russian prisoners-of-war was located in Elvenes, and in 1942 about six hundred Norwegian teachers were sent to Elvenes for slave labour.

</doc>
<doc id="36866962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36866962" title="Overall, Virginia">
Overall, Virginia

Overall is an unincorporated community in Warren County, Virginia, United States. It is considered to be a part of the Washington-Arlington metro area. The latitude of Overall is 38.806N and the longitude is -78.347W. It sits at an elevation of 630 feet
History.
Overall was first called Centre Mills, later Milford, before the present name was adopted. John Froman Overall, (1756-1819), is buried in the Overall cemetery. The Overall House is now a ruins of a limestone foundation of early 1800 plastered log home built by his son Isaac Overall (1776-c 1843). The Milford Battlefield of 1864 is situated in Overall.
The Milford Battlefield and Page County Bridge No. 1990 are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Nature.
Overall Run, a tributary of the South Fork of the Shenandoah River, flows west to the river from Brush Mountain, a part of the Blue Ridge Mountains, and an unnamed intermittent stream flows down Sandbank Hollow to join Overall Run a few hundred yards east of its mouth. Overall Creek is situated here. Just east of Overall is Shenandoah National Park with the Overall Falls, which is the highest waterfall in Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36867029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867029" title="Bøkfjorden">
Bøkfjorden

Bøkfjorden () is a fjord in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The long fjord is a southern branch off of the main Varangerfjorden. The river Pasvikelva empties into the Bøkfjorden at the village of Elvenes (which lies only about from the Norway–Russia border.
The town of Kirkenes lies on the shore of the fjord. The large island of Skogsøya lies on the western side of the fjord. The Bøkfjord Lighthouse is located in the mouth of the Bøkfjorden.

</doc>
<doc id="36867034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867034" title="Uptown Markham, Ontario">
Uptown Markham, Ontario

Uptown Markham is an area now under construction within the city of Markham, Ontario, Canada that is considered to be north of Markham Centre.
Uptown Markham and Markham Centre.
Uptown Markham will be an area within Markham Centre, and will consist of mostly retail and office buildings. This is the large parcel of land at Highway 7 and Warden Avenue directly north of the Rouge River and Downtown Markham.
History.
The area was planned in 2008. The City of Markham has received applications for draft plan of subdivision approval and rezoning to permit a comprehensive mixed-use development comprising approximately 48,719 square metres (524,424 square feet) of retail and office floor area and 4,240 residential units. The concept plan submitted includes a continuous street wall of buildings along the south side of Highway 7, including a 14-storey, commercial building on the southeast corner of Highway 7 and Warden Avenue, flanked by 16 and 20 storey residential buildings to the south and easterly to the Verclaire Gate intersection. The buildings would then step down in height, 16 and 12 storeys, and 8 and 6 storeys, as the site progresses to the east.
Uptown Square.
Uptown Square is a s a 150,000-square-foot pedestrian retail plaza or shopping centre located at Birchmount Road and Highway 7 in Uptown Markham.
! Anchors 

</doc>
<doc id="36867057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867057" title="RapidBlocs">
RapidBlocs

RapidBlocs are a moveable obstacle system. The system was developed by Scott Shipley of S2o Design and Engineering and Andy Laird of Engineering Paddler Design. The system was developed for the Lee Valley White Water Centre that was used for the 2012 London Olympic Games. The system is made of modular blocs, among other shapes, that can be secured via unistrut at any point in a compatible channel. The blocs are stackable and can therefore be combined to create a variety of shapes. These shapes are configured to create waves, eddies, other hydraulic jumps. There are also a variety of utilitarian configurations that can be created to make stairs, rescue platforms, and to configure varying rescue scenarios for rescue training. At the London Games the RapidBloc system created all of the waves and features and was also used to create the starting gate.
The system has been used in a variety of channels. These channels were either custom built for the system--as was the Lee Valley White Water Centre--or have been retrofitted to an existing channel as in the case of the Tees Barrage Whitewater Park and the Prague Troja Whitewater Park.

</doc>
<doc id="36867061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867061" title="National Cash Register Building">
National Cash Register Building

The National Cash Register Building, commonly referred to as the St. Johns Theater & Pub, was a building that was first erected in St. Louis, Missouri for the Louisiana Purchase Exposition in 1904 and then moved to Portland, Oregon the next year for the Lewis and Clark Centennial Exposition. It was moved a third and final time to the suburb of St. Johns, Oregon, which is now a part of Portland. It was given to the St. Johns Congregational Society by the NCR Corporation. It now houses a McMenamins theater and pub.
History.
The NCR Corporation constructed a US$5,000 building for the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition in St. Louis, Missouri. The building was uprooted for US$1,000 and transported to Portland, Oregon for the 1905 Lewis and Clark Centennial Exposition. The building was constructed in sections so that it could be moved with ease. The NCR Corporation passed out badges and sang songs on "NCR Day" at the exposition on September 4, 1905. "The Oregonian" reported that the building was "crowded all day".
After the exposition closed, the NCR Corporation donated it to the St. Johns Congregational Society of St. Johns, Oregon. On June 3, 1906 the National Cash Register Building was dedicated by Rev. Fred J. Warren of the St. Johns Congregational Society. Several ministers and parishioners of other Congregational churches were in attendance. The First Congregational Church of Portland donated stained glass windows that read "The Bible and the Cross and Crown". Another donation of US1,200 was given by the Congregational Church Building Society for the purposes of moving the structure. It is currently used as a theater and pub by the McMenamins chain.

</doc>
<doc id="36867068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867068" title="Effects of Hurricane Isaac (2012) in Florida">
Effects of Hurricane Isaac (2012) in Florida

The Effects of Hurricane Isaac in Florida were severe local flooding in South Florida and tornadoes in the central and northern portions of the state in August 2012. Hurricane Isaac formed from a tropical wave while located east of the Lesser Antilles on August 21, 2012. The storm moved westward, crossed through the Leeward Islands, and entered the Caribbean Sea on August 22. Isaac initially struggled to intensify and defied predictions of it strengthening into a hurricane. The storm made its first landfall in Haiti as a midgrade tropical storm prior to making a second one in Cuba later that day. It remained somewhat disorganized while moving through the Straits of Florida and passed near the Florida Keys on August 27. The storm threatened to strike Tampa Bay Area during the 2012 Republican National Convention and move ashore in the Florida Panhandle as a major hurricane. However, it continued northwestward and avoided landfall in the state. The storm finally became a hurricane late on August 28. Isaac made two landfalls in Louisiana on August 29, the first near the mouth of the Mississippi River and the other near Port Fourchon. The storm steadily weakened and eventually dissipated over Missouri on September 1.
Despite passing closest to the Florida Keys, impact was minimal, limited to tropical storm force winds and light rainfall. The outerbands of Isaac produced heavy precipitation further north, especially in Palm Beach and Indian River Counties. In the former, the resultant flooding left numerous residents in Royal Palm Beach and Loxahatchee isolated. There was extensive street flooding and water entered a few houses. Damage in Palm Beach County alone was nearly $71.6 million (2012 USD). Inland flooding was also reported in several other counties, though losses were generally minor. A tornado in Indian River County damaged 118 mobiles home and 15 single family homes. Further north in Central Florida and the Panhandle, the storm spawned four other tornadoes. Tides along the Gulf Coast of Florida caused erosion and coastal flooding in Bay, Collier, Franklin, Gulf, and Wakulla Counties. Though winds caused little damage, around 113,000 customers were left without electricity in South Florida. The storm resulted in two indirect fatalities, both caused by vehicles driving on slick roads in Palm Beach and Okeechobee Counties. Throughout the state, damage reached approximately $91.45 million.
Background.
Hurricane Isaac originated from a tropical wave that moved off the western coast of Africa on August 17. Moving generally westward, the low-pressure area initially did not have a well-defined center until three days later. Convection associated with the system organized and intensified, and the tropical wave quickly strengthened into a tropical depression. In favorable conditions, the depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Isaac by the National Hurricane Center (NHC) on August 21. Quickly accelerating westward due to a subtropical ridge located to the northwest, Isaac later moved past the Lesser Antilles between Guadeloupe and Dominica by August 23, where it caused numerous mudslides and power outages. Maintaining tropical storm intensity, Isaac later made its first landfall on the southern coast of Haiti early on August 25 as a result of southeast flow. There, the storm directly killed 24 people, worsening conditions still remaining after the 2010 Haiti earthquake.
Isaac began to curve northwestward due to its location between a large deep-layer low pressure area in the northwestern Caribbean Sea and a mid-tropospheric ridge over the western Atlantic. After briefly moving into the Gulf of Gonâve, the tropical storm made a second landfall near Cajobabo, Guantánamo in Cuba at 1500 UTC later on August 25, where damages were comparatively less severe than in Haiti. The storm paralleled the northern coast of the island prior to making a close pass of Key West, Florida, where it caused minor flood damage across the Florida Keys and South Florida upon entry into the Gulf of Mexico. The threat of tropical cyclone impacts in Tampa, Florida forced the postponing of the 2012 Republican National Convention. In the gulf, the tropical storm curved to the northwest and attained hurricane strength on August 27 near the southern Louisiana coast. Another ridge of high pressure caused Isaac to move towards the west and slow down as it made two landfalls on the state. Once it moved inland, the hurricane weakened before dissipating over Missouri on September 1.
Preparations.
At 2100 UTC on August 24, a tropical storm watch was issued for all of Florida south of the Jupiter Inlet on the east coast and south of Bonita Springs; it also included Lake Okeechobee and the Florida Keys. Early on the next day, the tropical storm watch was upgraded to a warning, while the Florida Keys and the mainland from Ocean Reef to Bonita Springs were placed under a hurricane watch. Further north, a tropical storm watch was issued from the Jupiter Inlet to the Sebastian Inlet. Later on August 25, the hurricane watch was switched to a warning, while a separate hurricane watch was issued from Golden Beach southward. At 1500 UTC on August 25, the tropical storm warning was extended northward to Sebastian Inlet. In addition, a tropical storm watch was issued further north from Sebastian Inlet to Flagler Beach on the east coast and Bonita Springs to Tarpon Springs on the west coast. About six hours later, the tropical storm watch along the west coast of Florida was extended northward to the mouth of the Suwannee River on August 25. The tropical storm watch, which now stretched from Bonita Springs to Tarpon Springs, was extended to Indian Pass on August 26. Simultaneously, a hurricane watch was issued from the mouth of the Mississippi River in Louisiana to Indian Pass, Florida.
After Isaac crossed the Florida Keys on August 26, the hurricane warning was downgraded to a tropical storm warning, and the tropical storm watch from Sebastian Inlet to Flagler Beach was discontinued. Simultaneously, the hurricane watch on the Gulf Coast of the United States was upgraded to a hurricane warning along the portion of from Morgan City, Louisiana to Destin, Florida. Additionally, the tropical storm warning was discontinued from the mouth of the Suwannee River to Tarpon Springs. Early on August 27, the tropical storm warning on the east coast of Florida was discontinued for areas lying north of the Jupiter Inlet. Six hours later, the tropical storm warning on the east coast of Florida was lifted from the Jupiter Inlet southward to Ocean Reef, including Lake Okeechobee. At 1500 UTC, all of the remaining watches and warnings for South Florida were cancelled. On August 28, the tropical storm warning in the Florida Panhandle was discontinued for areas east of Destin. By 1500 UTC on August 29, all tropical storm and hurricane watches and warnings were no longer in effect for the state of Florida.
During the week of August 27, the 2012 Republican National Convention was held in Tampa, Florida. Isaac threatened to force the cancellation or postponement of the convention; there was also potential to move the events' location. According to the Republican National Convention spokesman James Davis, officials had been coordinating with the United States Secret Service, should the 50,000 politicians, delegates, and reporters require evacuation. The Republican National Convention was pushed to August 28, with the storms threatening the coast of Tampa. Chairman of the Republican National Convention Reince Priebus announced on August 25 that the convention would only convene for a short amount of time on August 27 and "immediately recess until Tuesday afternoon, August 28". At the same time, Governor of Florida Rick Scott announced he would not be attending the convention, together with Governor of Alabama Robert J. Bentley. On August 25, Governor Scott declared a state of emergency for the state of Florida ahead of Tropical Storm Isaac. Amtrak suspended the Silver Meteor and Silver Star train service from Orlando to Miami on Sunday, August 26. In Miami-Dade County, evacuations were ordered for residents living in mobile homes. Additionally, the bridges across the Port of Miami were closed during the height of Isaac. Orange juice prices also increased due to the threat of the storm in Florida, which produces more than 75 percent of orange crops in the United States.
The Florida Division of Emergency Management was put into partial activation, and Florida Power and Light brought in at least 4,300 workers to help with expected power outages. Key West International Airport suspended all flights in preparation of Isaac, while all cruises and many theme parks were delayed. The United States Coast Guard activated hurricane condition "whiskey", restricting the transportation of watercraft until the storm passed. In South Florida, specifically in Monroe County, many schools were used as shelters. In Miami-Dade County, all public schools and universities – including Florida International University and Miami University – cancelled classes. While the airport in the county remained open, it cancelled hundreds of flights and delayed many others. As the storm passed, regular services became available once again. Across the remainder of the state, especially along coastal counties, most schools and government buildings were closed. In Escambia County, a mandatory evacuation was ordered for zones A, B, and C. Many shelters were opened for those who had no where to go, and all county schools were shut down. At the Pensacola Naval Air Station, many planes were either evacuated from the base or placed into secure hangars. Farther east in Santa Rosa County, a mandatory evacuation was also ordered for zones A, B, and C, including all mobile home parks, campgrounds, low-lying areas, and RV parks. In Walton County, special needs and general shelters were opened to the public, and all schools and government offices were to be shut down throughout the duration of the storm. The Clyde B. Wells Bridge was also shut down in anticipation of tropical storm-force winds.
Impact.
The storm impacted nearly all of Florida, despite not making landfall in the state. Due to the weak intensity and path offshore, damage was caused primarily by flooding, rather than winds. Persistent rainbands brought heavy precipitation to much of East-Central and Southeast Florida. In central Palm Beach County, the highest observed total precipitation was , though radars estimated that as much as fell in some areas. The resultant flooding left entire neighborhoods isolated and caused damage to homes, businesses, and roads in Palm Beach County. Other areas, such as Broward, Indian River, Martin, Miami-Dade, and St. Lucie Counties, were also impacted by flooding, albeit less severely.
Tides along the Gulf Coast of Florida caused erosion and coastal flooding in Bay, Collier, Franklin, Gulf, and Wakulla Counties. Though winds caused little damage, around 113,000 customers were left without electricity in South Florida alone. Further north in Central Florida and the Panhandle, Isaac spawned five tornadoes, one each in Hillsborough, Holmes, Indian River, Jackson, and Osceola Counties. Rainfall in the Florida Keys was light, peaking at at the National Weather Service Office in Key West. Winds were stronger in Miami-Dade County, reaching at the Atlantic Oceanographic and Meteorological Laboratory (AOML) headquarters in Virginia Key. Many trees and power lines were downed throughout the county, with an estimated 33,000 residences experiencing power outages. Tides reaching up to caused major beach erosion and minor coastal flooding in Naples. Between Everglades City and Chokoloskee, up to of tidal inundation occurred, leaving roads flooded, stranding some people. In Goodland, water entered a few homes, but was mainly confined to streets, yards, and marinas. Less than 2,000 people were left without electricity in Collier County. Damage within that county was estimated to have reached $6 million. Throughout southeastern Florida, 113,000 people were left without electricity.
Heavy rainfall fell in portions of Broward County, peaking at at the intersection of State Road 997 and Interstate 75 near Weston. Other significant precipitation totals include in Miramar, and in Coral Springs, with reported at numerous other locations in the county. Moderate to severe flooding occurred over parts of northern Broward County. In Lauderhill, canals overflowed their banks and streets were flooded for a few days. Additionally, a few homes sustained minor water damage. Water also entered a few homes and businesses in Tamarac. Standing water also forced the closure of a few on-ramps to the Sawgrass Expressway. Losses in Broward County reached $1 million.
Palm Beach County.
The outerbands produced relatively strong winds in Palm Beach County. Wind gusts were estimated to have reached in Tequesta, where the shutters were ripped from a life guard stand and also moved the structure about from its original location. Additionally, winds in the area blew significant amounts of sand away, exposing rocks and creating drops. Slightly further south, waves of pounded the beaches of Jupiter, though only minimal beach erosion was reported. Nonetheless, hundreds of sea turtle nests were swept away, though 100 hatchlings were brought to the Loggerhead Marinelife Center in Juno Beach. In Palm Beach County, the outerbands dropped significant amounts of rainfall, with radar estimates as high as in some areas. The highest observed precipitation total, measured in that vicinity, was at Lion Country Safari in Loxahatchee, while fell in Boynton Beach, fell in Greenacres and fell in Wellington. Nearly all of the eastern half of Palm Beach County experienced at least of precipitation.
Due to heavy rainfall, widespread flooding was reported, especially in the central and western portions of the county. Whole neighborhoods in The Acreage, Loxahatchee, Royal Palm Beach, and Wellington were left stranded for up to several days. In some areas, flooding was considered the worst since Hurricane Irene in 1999. At the post office in Loxahatchee, the parking lot was flooded, forcing the building to close for several days. A major washout was reported in West Palm Beach at the intersection of State Roads 80 and 882. Also in West Palm Beach, a road collapsed and fire rescue crews quickly closed the road. On State Road 704, a portion of it became inaccessible to low-clearance vehicles. A man died in West Palm Beach after driving through the storm and crashing into a concrete wall along Interstate 95. Several major and minor roads were also inundated by water in Wellington. Additionally, there was flooding at the intersections of Meadow Avenue and Greenview Shores Boulevard, and Indian Mound Road and South Shore Boulevard. Heavy rainfall left several leaking roofs at an apartment complex in Pahokee.
In the southern portion of Palm Beach County, flooding and wind damage was also reported. Residents reported an unconfirmed tornado in Lake Worth. It knocked over some trees and damage a shed and some roofs, as well as cause a few power outages. The entrance to the gated community of Lawrence Grove in Boynton Beach was flooded by about of water and passable only by large pickup trucks. In Delray Beach, lightening struck a tree, causing part of it to fall through an awning, brake a window, and slice into a house. Streets were littered with small branches and palm fronds in Boca Raton, while low-lying roads and swales were flooded with several inches of water. One small tree was uprooted across the street from City Hall. Initially, schools throughout the county were to remain open. However, in response to flooding, all Palm Beach County schools were closed on August 27 and August 28. Thereafter, all but eight county public schools – located in Loxahatchee and The Acreage – were opened. Damage estimates for Palm Beach County have reached $71.59 million, $40 million of which was incurred to the Indian Trail Improvement District.
Central Florida.
Precipitation amounts ranging from were common throughout Okeechobee County. The most significant impacts occurred in the city of Okeechobee and adjacent areas, such as Taylor Creek. Overflowing creeks and canals caused major flood damage to 14 homes, while another 146 had minor water intrusion. Several roads were temporarily closed due to standing water. One indirect fatality occurred along State Road 78 in Okeechobee, after a 62 year old man lost control of his vehicle and crashed. Winds were relatively light, with gusts between along the northern shores of Lake Okeechobee. In nearby Martin County, rainfall averaged between . As a result, several roads in the county were temporarily impassable, while water entered one business complex in Palm City. Further north in St. Lucie County, rainfall amounts were similar. Standing water was reported on roads in Fort Pierce, Lakewood Park, Port St. Lucie, and White City.
The storm also produced heavy rainfall in Indian River County, with reported in Vero Beach. This was the highest observed precipitation total in the state of Florida during Isaac. Elsewhere in Indian River County, rainfall amounts were generally between . Throughout Indian River County, 27 homes and 2 single–family homes were flooded, while 20 roads were temporarily closed due to standing water. An EF0 tornado touched down in Vero Beach for about two minutes, damaging 118 mobile homes and 15 single family houses. According to Indian River County Emergency Management Coordinator Dale Justice, that tornado caused $850,000 in losses. At the Vero Beach Municipal Airport, sustained winds reached . In Highlands County, up to of rain forced the closure of a small portion of U.S. Route 98 between Cowhouse Road and County Road 621 in Lorida. The inundation was caused by Arbuckle creek overflowing and washing a few inches of water on the road.
A damage survey conducted by the National Weather Service indicates that a tornado was spawned near St. Cloud in Osceola County. It destroyed an abandoned mobile home, leaving only a floor attachment to the frame. The tornado moved across a citrus grove, causing damage to trees and shrubs. Thereafter, it removed shingles and broke a window at one residence, while some fences nearby were toppled. Additionally, rainfall amounts ranging from left several roads impassable. The Myakka River overflowed in Sarasota County, flooding the Ramblers Mobile Home Park. Water rose up to the doorsteps of several units, while parking lots and grassy areas were inundated by water. Due to its weaker and further westward track than initially anticipated, impact in the Hillsborough County and the city of Tampa was minimal during the Republican National Convention. On the first day of the convention, August 27, Isaac dropped of precipitation and brought sustained winds of to the nearby Tampa International Airport, with gusts up to . A waterspout moved onshore near Tampa, damaging 6 houses in addition to the fences and trees on those properties.
North Florida and Florida Panhandle.
Although it passed further west and was weaker than anticipated, the outerbands and fringe of the storm produced light rainfall and two tornadoes in the Florida Panhandle. The first tornado in the region was spawned near Greenwood in Jackson County, but caused no damage. The other tornado touched down near Graceville in Holmes County and ripped off the front porch of a mobile home and downed numerous trees. Rainfall was reported for a 3 day period in Flagler County from August 26 to August 28. In Palm Coast, communities measured between of precipitation. Some minor flooding occurred in parking lots. Gusty winds of felled isolated trees in the western part of the county. A few trees were also blown down in Alachua County, one of which fell onto Main Street in Gainesville. Losses in Escambia and Santa Rosa Counties amounted to $10.4 million and $1.2 million respectively.
Some coastal flooding occurred across portions of Bay, Franklin, Gulf, and Wakulla Counties due to storm surge. Erosion was most significant in Franklin county, where storm surge was measured at in Apalachicola, while tides were above normal. Water Street in Apalachicola was inundated with over of water in some places. At St. George Island State Park, waves pushed pass the dune line and flooded parking areas. Losses were estimates at about $500,000. In Bay County, storm surge reached at Panama City, while tides were above normal. The depth of inundation along 7th Avenue in Panama City ranged from a few inches to about one foot, while other roads in Lynn Haven and West Bay were also flooded. Tides along the coast of Gulf County flooded a road in Indian Pass and the access road to St. Joseph Peninsula State Park, causing closure of the park. In Wakulla County, minor coastal flooding was reported around St. Marks, with of water in a few businesses. The area experienced tidal flooding only about two months earlier during Tropical Storm Debby. One vacant home experienced minor water intrusion around the time of highest tide in Shell Point.
Aftermath.
Following the storm, Governor of Florida Rick Scott attended a briefing at the South Florida Water Management District before boarding a helicopter to tour flooded areas of Palm Beach County. Scott said that, "we've got to take care of everybody’s needs but we've got to get our state back to work" and also encouraged tourists to return to the state, especially in Key West, where hotel owners were considering cancelling reservations for Labor Day. A Florida state fund known as "Neighbors to the Rescue" – with the purpose of distributing money to help recovery efforts for victims of Isaac – was activated by the governor. The area already qualified for small business loans due to a state of emergency and after the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) reviewed damage assessments, President of the United States Barack Obama considered a disaster declaration. Initially, FEMA denied a disaster declaration. In response, Governor of Florida Rick Scott mailed a letter of appeal to FEMA Administrator Craig Fugate. The appeal was accepted and on October 18, 2012, President of the United States Barack Obama issued a disaster declaration for Bay, Collier, Escambia, Franklin, Gulf, Martin, Monroe, Okaloosa, Palm Beach, St. Lucie, and Santa Rosa counties.

</doc>
<doc id="36867096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867096" title="2012 Summer Paralympics Parade of Nations">
2012 Summer Paralympics Parade of Nations

During the Parade of Nations at the opening ceremony of the 2012 Summer Paralympic Games, athletes from each participating country paraded in the Olympic Stadium, preceded by its flag. The flag was borne by a sportsperson from that country chosen either by the National Paralympic Committee or by the athletes themselves.
Parade order.
All nations paraded in alphabetical order except the host country, Great Britain, who entered last.
Countries and flag bearers.
The following is a list of all parading countries with their respective flag bearer, sorted in the order they appeared in the parade. This is sortable by country name under which they entered, the flag bearer's name, or the flag bearer's sport. Names are given as were officially designated by the IPC.

</doc>
<doc id="36867103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867103" title="Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's road time trial">
Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's road time trial

The women's individual time trial events in cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics took place on 12 September at the Changping Triathlon Venue.
Handcycle class.
HC A/HC B/HC C.
The women's individual time trial HC A/HC B/HC C event took place at 10:41.
Cerebral palsy and locomotor disability classes.
LC 1/LC 2/CP 4.
The women's individual time trial LC 1/LC 2/CP 4 event took place at 14:56.
LC 3/LC 4/CP 3.
The women's individual time trial LC 3/LC 4/CP 3 event took place at 15:07.
Blind and visually impaired class.
B&VI 1–3.
The women's individual time trial B&VI 1-3 event took place at 15:19.

</doc>
<doc id="36867108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867108" title="Born Free (music video)">
Born Free (music video)

The music video for English recording artist M.I.A.'s "Born Free" was directed by Romain Gavras. The video, which depicts a genocide against red haired people, was filmed in California and directed by Romain Gavras as a nine-minute short film without the prior knowledge of M.I.A.'s record labels. Several incidents relating to the extra-judicial killing of Tamil males by the Sri Lankan Army filmed on mobile phones in Sri Lanka, some of which had been broadcast by news outlets worldwide, inspired M.I.A.'s treatment for the film-video. The video's portrayal of military force, violence and brutality met with a positive critical reception but much controversy worldwide, including a ban from YouTube in the US and UK, with some critics hailing its representation of oppression and political turmoil and others criticizing the explicit material in the video. The way the film was shot and the themes it covered drew comparisons to previous works by the artist, and other writer-directors' films such as "The Hurt Locker" and "Punishment Park". It earned a nomination for "Best Dance Video" at the 2010 UK Music Video Awards.
Development.
The music video-short film, filmed in Los Angeles and Lancaster, California on 15 January 2010 was written by M.I.A. and directed by French director Romain Gavras. Gavras, who directed the video for the song "Stress" by Justice which proved controversial after release dealt with themes of "real and fake" which complimented M.I.A.'s vision for the video. M.I.A. intended for the video to depict something real "made not real" to reach a wider audience. The video would depict the footage of the extra-judicial killing of Tamil males she had uploaded three months prior onto her Twitter feed. Red haired men were used in the video following teasing of "Maya" collaborator Rusko in the studio during the album's recording. The songwriter stated it was one of those "ideas where people would beat the shit out of me because I was ginger natural redhead. It has a whole double meaning. The gingers are kind of anyone who’s been oppressed...I didn't think she'd actually do it." Other roles in the video are played by veterans from the U.S. Army returning from wars in Afghanistan and Iraq; the video also features fake blood and ketchup imported from China. Gavras went on to direct the film "Our Day Will Come", a continuation of the ginger-genocide theme of the video-short.
Synopsis.
The film is over nine minutes long and depicts a SWAT team driving up to a building and staging a raid, during which they ignore a man sitting in a room smoking a crack pipe, beat a couple engaged in coitus, and then force a young red-haired man violently into a detainee transport vehicle. Other red-heads are rounded up. Some of the SWAT team members wear American flags on their uniforms. During the video, a mural is seen depicting armed red-headed men and the slogan "Our day will come", the historic motto of the Irish Republican Army ("Tiocfaidh ár lá"). Keffiya-wearing red-haired young people throw rocks and glass bottles at the armored vehicles transporting the detainees, in an apparent reference to the iconic images of the Second Palestinian "Intifada". The detainees are then driven out to the desert, treated brutally, and forced to run across a live minefield. During the course of events, a young red-headed boy is shot through the head, and another is blown to pieces after stepping on a live mine while the soldiers continue to chase, beat, and shoot the captives.
The "Born Free" film includes graphic violence and language, as well as nudity. Ian Hamrick, the 12 year-old red-haired actor whose character is shot in the head in the film, described the video as "showing violence to end violence." He felt a potency in the video absent from far more graphic video game media such as "Call of Duty" or "Grand Theft Auto". Giving more details on his role in an interview to the "Los Angeles Times", Hamrick said M.I.A. complimented his work on set, stating "She wanted to make sure I was OK, that I knew what was happening and why she killed character. I said I did, that she really accomplished her goal of getting people to talk about something they don’t usually see."
Release and critical response.
On 26 April 2010, the music video was released online and was immediately noted as political allegory, drawing parallels to genocides and many indigenous resistance movements around the world. Its content elicited strong, widespread discussion across the world. Real life parallels were drawn with the issue of immigration in the American state of Arizona, the treatment of prisoners by U.S. troops at the Abu Ghraib prison in Baghdad, and, more universally, the brutal tactics used against minorities by government forces around the world.
The "Huffington Post" stated "Whether it's a comment on the absurdity of genocide (of which M.I.A. saw plenty during her early childhood in Sri Lanka) or a challenge to the idea of "other" in Arizona's immigration law, it is startling even in the context of recent genre-bending music art-films." Zach Baron, writing in "Village Voice" added "NSFW isn't exactly the word. More like art film? We can think of no goofier political allegory than the persecution, abuse, and murder of redheads, but then again, M.I.A.'s politics have never been of the kind you read about in the "New York Times"." James Montgomery of "MTV" described it as "unflinchingly, unapologetically real" depicting "the kind of things that most nations — including the U.S., which is portrayed as the aggressor in the clip — often pretend don't happen: the rounding-up of ethnic minorities, the trampling of personal liberties, the bullying of the powerless by those with authority." Ann Powers wrote in the "Los Angeles Times" that the video "concentrated fully" on the physical horror of gun butts and bullets hitting flesh, with the scenes giving added poignancy to the lyrical themes of the song. Interpreted as a comment on desensitised attitudes towards violence, others found that the video stressed that genocide still exists and violent repression remains commonplace. Some critics described the film as "sensationalist". Neda Ulaby of NPR described the video as intended for "shock value" in the service of nudging people into considering real issues that can be hard to talk about. Haddow wrote further in "The Guardian" that particularly notable about the video was its use of red headed individuals as a proxy for anyone who has felt the brunt of a jackboot. The effect of this was that the viewer was "expected to empathise with the victim, rather than the aggressor." Haddow stated that this sat in "stark contrast" to the bulk of recent films on the subject of the Afghan and Iraq wars such as Katheryn Bigelow's "The Hurt Locker" (2009), Oren Moverman's "The Messenger" (2009) and "Green Zone" (2010) written by Brian Helgeland and directed by Paul Greengrass, where focus was almost entirely on the psychological experiences of military personnel, continuing "Rarely do we ever catch a glimpse of the locals, whom we are supposed to be helping, unless they are being blown up or used as plot devices to heighten the suspense." Other critics also pointed to differences between "Born Free" and Bigelow's "The Hurt Locker" but similarities between the video and Peter Watkins' "Punishment Park" (1971).
"Salon" described "Born Free" as the most violent music video made in a long time and called it a nine-minute masterpiece, adding that "M.I.A. has built a career on making music that's as outspoken as it is danceable" and described the video as "undeniably powerful, a lurid parable on the systematic ethnic cleansing that goes on all over the world." Eric Henderson in "Slant" stated "what stuck with me is the furious dignity it accords the main tracksuit-wearing prisoner, and the amount of anger it allows him to deliver...I recognized within him and the band of rock-throwing dissidents that pelt the armored bus a sense of kinship relevant to anyone who occupies a minority class." While he felt that "the clip is but a metaphor, and not entirely successfully so, when the pitbull-faced, tenement-snatched redhead boy is slammed against an iron fence and still dares to glare into the eyes of his attackers, I want to be right there by his side fucking their shit up."
Aftermath.
RT America (a Russian television network) producer Lucy Kafanov noted how several mainstream American TV news networks hesitated in covering the reaction to the video initially despite the widespread response. She said this was in contrast to their coverage of the controversy of Erykah Badu's "Window Seat" video two weeks prior, and suggested this was because the video for Born Free "hit too close to home" in the United States. "Billboard" writer Monica Herrera stated that anyone who was "up in arms" over Badu's video would probably feel "ridiculous" after watching the video for "Born Free". Journalist Alyona Minkovski of "The Alyona Show" noted how M.I.A.'s own experiences with genocide in Sri Lanka contributed to the themes in the video but that the silence of the artist left audience members to speculate on several connections between the video and real events. Iraqi rapper The Narcicyst, Palestinian hip hop group DAM and singer Sabreena Da Witch told MTV Iggy that they saw the video as a "grander metaphor for society" and persecution in areas of political turmoil.
The British network Sky News reported that Sherry Adhami, spokeswoman for the UK Beatbullying charity found the video "inappropriate" as it could "lead to more abuse against red-haired people." Caroline Sullivan of "The Guardian" told the network "I think M.I.A. is making the point that if we segregated all ginger people as a minority - in the same way as black and Asian people - there would be an enormous outcry, and that we don't seem to get the same reaction when black people are treated in this way." She also stated that M.I.A. depicted violence in order to make a political point, in a way different from gangsta rap. Hamrick was to be prominently featured in the video for "Waka Waka (This Time for Africa)" by Shakira and Freshlyground, the official 2010 FIFA World Cup anthem but his appearance was allegedly recut to a crowd scene following the "Born Free" video release. "Waka Waka"'s producers responded that Hamrick was always meant to be an extra in the video and that this was not due to the controversy. Hamrick said of "Born Free" that he was really "proud to be a part of M.I.A.’s shout-out to the world" because "it was a great chance to tell everyone that bully’s suck no matter what country you are from."
Gavras was more reassured that audiences talked about the subject by themselves, than explaining the video himself as the debate over the video heightened, although he questioned "How can you be shocked by the M.I.A. video and not shocked when Israel bombs Gaza for days and days...Really crazy stuff where people actually die, real things." Vincent Cassel, star of Gavras' film "Our Day Will Come", stated he found the video "scary, shocking and totally crazy" on the first viewing, and added "If it would have been with any kind of community it would have been terrible, but suddenly it's redheads, so it's like a symbol of a quest that doesn't really exist." Thus the video also seemed "strange and funny" to him.
M.I.A. stated in an interview to MTV News that she found the reaction to the film "fascinating" but that she was baffled by the media's fixation on the clip when real issues were ignored, stating "I think it's interesting how we react to fiction and how we react to realism on the internet... this is mainstream media, I wish I was talking about way more underground theories, but not, this is just me digesting what I see in the mainstream." She joked to NME that she found the new Justin Bieber video "more of an assault to my eyes and senses than what I've made". A few weeks later, in an interview with Angie Martinez of Hot 97 radio station in New York City, she said "I said I love Justin Bieber and everyone like went crazy. It's weird. No I said that I found his video offensive, because people said they found my video offensive [... It got out of hand, Now I feel really bad coz I have some family members who love Justin Bieber, and now they won't talk to me, I need my little cousins to talk to me!"
A week after its release on Vimeo on 26 April, the video was viewed 1.8 million times on the site. From 27 April to 2 May, M.I.A. remained the most blogged about artist on the internet, according to MP3 blog aggregator The Hype Machine. The video was then re-posted on YouTube by VEVO, without users having to sign in to prove they were 18 or older. The raw video is also on M.I.A.'s website. The video has been viewed over 30 million times on the internet.
YouTube controversy and response.
Video sharing website YouTube removed the film from viewing in the United States within a day of its posting. Some other uploads of the video were subsequently age-gated on the site, while others were removed due to copyright claims. YouTube stated that they did not comment on individual clips on the site but said that videos were removed only after users reported videos that could "contravene guidelines." Commentators proposed different reasons for the actions, from the graphic "excessive" violence depicted to political censorship. On 27 April, the BBC reported that the video was being removed in some instances by YouTube, and labelled with an age-restriction in others. Neither M.I.A. or her record label XL Recordings commented on the development in the weeks following the release. Lisa Respers France wrote in CNN that the YouTube block may have worked in M.I.A.'s favor as it brought more publicity. M.I.A. tweeted she initially suspected her US parent label Universal Music Group to be responsible but confirmed it was not soon after. The singer-rapper stated that she found YouTube's action on the video "ridiculous", citing YouTube's streaming of real-life killings. Miranda Sawyer of the "The Observer" noted that although the metaphor in the video was obvious, the illustration was graphic and "some might say gratuitous". M.I.A. told Sawyer "It's just fake blood and ketchup and people are more offended by that more than the execution videos" referring to the clips of Sri Lankan troops shooting unarmed, blindfolded, naked men in the head that she tweeted beforehand, later telling French music magazine "Mondomix" "It’s amazing to me that is the state we're in today – people are more moved by something synthetic than something real. And as an artist that’s the decision you have to make – whether to be real or synthetic." Similarly, Erin Thomson of "Seattle Weekly" concurred that the violence in the video was not gratuitous, noting that as an artist, M.I.A. "never pretended to be anything less than radical; she's never shied away from shock value. She comes from a world where persecution and terrorism are the norm, and from day one that's been the world she's tried to portray through her music."
Xinhua, the official news agency of the Chinese government and "Global Times", a paper owned by the Communist Party of China noted the removal of the film on American YouTube within a week of Born Free's release. M.I.A. condemned the Chinese Government's role in supporting and supplying arms to the Sri Lankan government during Eelam War IV, stating that China's influence within the UN was preventing prosecutions of war crimes committed during the conflict. The coverage of the video in China was noted by Jemima Kiss of "The Guardian" to bring her work to the attention of more fans in the country; M.I.A. herself stated after the release she considered her child learn the Chinese language given the economic rise of the country.

</doc>
<doc id="36867121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867121" title="Heinrich Gustav Flörke">
Heinrich Gustav Flörke

Heinrich Gustav Flörke (24 December 1764, Altenkalden in Mecklenburg – 11 June 1835) was a German botanist and lichenologist.
He initially studied theology and mathematics in Bützow, later studying medicine at the University of Jena. In 1816 he succeeded Ludolph Christian Treviranus (1779–1864) as professor of natural history at the University of Rostock, where he remained for the rest of his life.
He specialized in the field of lichenology, being known for his investigations of the genus "Cladonia". During his career, he was highly critical of Swedish botanist Erik Acharius's work; e.g. "Kritische Anmerkungen zu den Becherflechten in der Lichenographia universalis des Herrn Doctors und Ritters Erik Acharius" (1810) - (Critical comments on the cup lichen in "Lichenographia universalis" of Erik Acharius).
For a number of years Flörke was an editor of "Oekonomische Encyklopädie", an encyclopedia initiated by Johann Georg Krünitz (1728–1796). His name is associated with the wildflower genus "Floerkea", and also the lichen species "Cladonia floerkeana".

</doc>
<doc id="36867124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867124" title="Dennis Novikov">
Dennis Novikov

Dennis Novikov is an American tennis player.
He is a sophomore at UCLA and won both the singles and doubles titles at the USTA Boys 18s National Championships in Kalamazoo, Michigan in 2012. As a result, he was awarded wild cards into the main draw of the US Open in both singles and doubles. He did not join the UCLA tennis team until March 2012, first competing on March 27.
Tennis career.
Novikov survived his first match at the US Open, defeating world no. 86 Jerzy Janowicz of Poland in four sets. In doubles, he teamed with Michael Redlicki. In the first round, they defeated compatriots Bobby Reynolds and Michael Russell in three sets, with a tie-break in the third set.

</doc>
<doc id="36867133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867133" title="Arun Bakshi">
Arun Bakshi

Arun Bakshi‏ ‏is an Indian film and television actor and also a singer. He has acted as a character actor in over 100 Hindi films, and as a playback singer has also sung 298 songs. He has also worked in Punjabi and Bhojpuri cinema.
Biography.
He was born and brought up in Ludhiana, Punjab, where he graduated from Arya College, Ludhiana. He worked with the Punjab Agricultural University for a while, before moving to Mumbai, to start his acting career in 1981, first in television and later films.
Arun Bakshi is well known for performances in BR Chopra's Mahabharat as Dhristadyumna, Guru, Kuch To Gadbad Hai and Masoom.
Music.
2011 Tum Hi To Ho... (playback singer) 
2010 Ashok Chakra: Tribute to Real Heroes (playback singer - as Aroon Bakshi) 
2002 Aankhen (playback singer) 
2000 Dalaal No.1 (playback singer) 
1998 Chhota Chetan (playback singer - as Aroon Bakshi) 
1998 Hafta Vasuli (playback singer - as Aroon Bakshi) 
1995 Janam Kundli (playback singer) 
1995 God and Gun (playback singer) 
1994 Amaanat (playback singer) 
1994 Prem Yog (playback singer) 
1994 Gopi Kishan (playback singer) 
1993 Parwane (playback singer - as Aroon Bakshi) 
1993 Aankhen (playback singer) 
1992 Balwaan (playback singer)
Composer.
2010 Ashok Chakra: Tribute to Real Heroes (music / as Aroon Bakshi)

</doc>
<doc id="36867150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867150" title="Sulmona Cathedral">
Sulmona Cathedral

Sulmona Cathedral (, "Basilica Cattedrale di San Panfilo") is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Sulmona, Italy, and is the seat of the Bishop of Sulmona-Valva (formerly of the Bishop of Sulmona).
History.
Construction of the present building, in Romanesque style, began in 1075, although the site is older - a Roman temple is believed to have stood there - and what is now visible is the result of many more recent layers of architecture applied over centuries. 
The original dedication was to the Virgin Mary, but many changes took place in the 12th century, among them a change of dedication to Saint Pamphilus, the patron saint of Sulmona.
The cathedral was badly damaged in the earthquake of 1706, and rebuilt in a Baroque form, some of which can still be seen despite more recent renovations.

</doc>
<doc id="36867171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867171" title="Sehla">
Sehla

Sehla (Arabic:سهلة) is a village located in the north of Bahrain, on the outskirts of the capital city Manama. It is located in the Northern Governorate administrative region and is west of Khamis. The village is divided into two sections; North Sehla and South Sehla. This is due to the construction of a highway that passes through the village's centre. Famous South Sehla families are:Albahari/Almula/Alkanadi/Almuqlq/Sabt/Alsahlawi.
Subdivisions.
Sehla is divided into two sections:
Bahraini uprising.
Sehla was a site of political activity and occasional clashes prior to the Bahrain uprising. In 2008, protestors clashed with police in the village, which left three cars and a workshop burned down. During the 2011-2012 unrest in the country, the village was a regular site of clashes. Four residents from the village having reportedly died as a result of the unrest.
Infrastructure.
The highway passing through the village is currently scheduled for expansion work.

</doc>
<doc id="36867195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867195" title="JNJ-Q2">
JNJ-Q2

JNJ-Q2 is a broad-spectrum fluoroquinolone antibacterial drug being developed for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin-structure infections and community-acquired pneumonia. Specifically, JNJ-Q2 is being actively studied for treatment of methicillin-resistant "Staphylococcus aureus" (MRSA) infections.
Furiex Pharmaceuticals has licensed JNJ-Q2 from Janssen Pharmaceutica, a unit of Johnson & Johnson, which discovered JNJ-Q2. Furiex is responsible for its development and commercialization. Both oral and intravenous formulations are being developed.

</doc>
<doc id="36867216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867216" title="Olga Mukomol">
Olga Mukomol

Olga Mukomol (also Olha, , born 30 March 1979) is a retired Ukrainian swimmer who won three medals at the LEN European Aquatics Championships of 2000–2004. She also competed at the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics in three events each, but was eliminated in the preliminaries. 
In 2004 she set a national record in the 50 m freestyle that stood for five years.

</doc>
<doc id="36867313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867313" title="Tourism in Manila">
Tourism in Manila

Tourism is an important industry in Manila, Philippines. In 2012, the city and region welcomed 974,379 overnight visitors. As the main gateway to the Philippines' many destinations, the city is visited by the majority of international tourists to the country registering a total of 3,139,756 arrivals in 2012. "Global Blue" ranked Manila eleventh in its "Best Shopping Destinations" in Asia. The city is ranked tenth in MasterCard's global top 20 fastest growing cities for international visitors from 2009-2013.
Attractions.
Metro Manila contains several notable attractions including a UNESCO World Heritage Site and 45 other cultural heritage landmarks. These cultural attractions are mostly concentrated in the City of Manila and offer a glimpse into the city's Malay, Spanish, and American origins. Popular sites include the Spanish colonial buildings in Intramuros, the World Heritage Site of San Agustin Church, Rizal Park, and a few Art Deco and Revival style buildings like Manila Metropolitan Theater and the National Museum of the Philippines. There are also modern attractions such as the Manila Ocean Park, the integrated resort complex of Resorts World Manila, and the newly opened Solaire Resort & Casino.
Shopping.
Manila is the main shopping hub of the Philippines and is one of the well-known shopping destinations in the Asia-Pacific region. Numerous shopping centers are located around the metropolis and are usually clustered in major shopping districts such as the Bonifacio Global City and Ortigas Center while upscale-luxury shopping centers are concentrated in the business and financial district of Ayala Center. Traditional markets still remain a presence in Manila such as bazaars and markets.
Hotels and casinos.
A number of hotels and casinos can be found around Metro Manila. Makati, the financial hub of the metropolis is home to numerous international hotel chains. Manila is also home to various casinos and is becoming a major gaming destination in the region. A gaming and entertainment complex called Entertainment City will be home to four integrated casino resorts, this major development is expected to attract more tourists and rival other major gaming destinations in Asia such as Macau and Singapore.
Parks and plazas.
Manila offers a wide selection of parks and plazas. The county's premier park, Rizal Park is located in the heart of the bustling city. The park was the site of the execution of the country's national hero, Jose Rizal. Apart from Rizal Park, there also other parks located around Metro Manila such as Quezon Memorial Circle in Quezon City and the Ayala Triangle Gardens in Makati. Plazas are usually found in the districts of Manila, notable ones are Plaza Miranda, Plaza de Roma, Plaza Rajah Sulayman and Plaza España.

</doc>
<doc id="36867337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867337" title="All Saints Church, Ulcombe">
All Saints Church, Ulcombe

All Saints is a parish church in Ulcombe, Kent. It was begun in the 12th century and is a Grade I listed building.
Building.
The church was begun in the 12th century, with alterations made during the next three centuries. Internal alterations were made in 1956–63 and the church was restored in the 1980s. The church is constructed variously of coursed and rubble stonework and plain tiled roofs to the nave and chancel. It is a Grade I listed building.
The nave is adjoined along its south side by an aisle and on the eastern end of the north side by a chapel. The chancel has chapels on the north and south sides. The 15th-century west tower is in three stages on a plinth with a battlemented parapet above a moulded string with gargoyles. A taller stair turret, also with battlements and gargoyles, is attached to the south-east corner. The belfry openings in the third stage are two-lighted with cinquefoiled heads. The second stage contains single light windows with trefoiled heads on the three outward facing sides. The west window above the west door is of three lights and traceried. Attached to the south side of the tower is a 19th-century or more recent rubble-built vestry with a lean-to roof. The vestry contains a repositioned medieval trefoil-headed window and a 19th-century doorway and window on the south side.
The south aisle is 13th century with a plain parapet above a moulded string. A 14th-century window is to the left of the porch with a 19th-century to the right. The wall is buttressed in three places. The porch is 15th-century with a parapet matching the aisle. The inner doorway is probably 14th-century. The south chancel chapel is 12th-century with a lower parapet without a string. The two three-lighted south windows are mostly 19th-century. The window in the east end of the chapel is similar.
The north wall of the nave contains two two-lighted windows with a moulded doorway between. The chapel to the north side of the nave is late 13th century and forms a continuous facade with the adjacent north chancel chapel constructed in the late 15th or early 16th century. The two external corners of the chapels are buttressed diagonally. The east window of the chancel chapel is three-lighted and traceried. The chancel chapel wall contains two three-lighted window and a two-lighted window. The nave chapel walls contain three-lighted windows in the north and west walls. The gabled east wall of the chancel is buttressed on the external corners. The south window is early 14th century with three-lights formed in Bethersden Marble. The three-lighted north window is also 14th century. The 13th-century chancel east window is formed of three separate lights with the centre taller than the sides.
Internally, the nave is separated from the south aisle with a three-bay arcade of 13th-century pointed arches on rectangular piers. The arch to the north nave chapel is similar. The chancel is separated from its chapels with two-bay arcades on each side. The arcade to the south dates from the 13th century but includes a 12th-century column. The north arcade is contemporary with the north chapel. The chancel arch is 13the century on possibly 12th-century bases. The tower arch is 15th century and the arch between the south aisle and the south chapel is 15th century. The roof of the north chancel chapel is early 16th-century with moulded timbers. The other roofs are 19th-century and boarded.
The south wall of the south chapel contains a 13th-century piscina. The east end of the chancel contains two aumbries. The western bays of the north and south arcades in the chancel contain carved screens. The northern one is late 15th or early 16th century with linenfold moulding to the lower part. The southern screen is 15th century with seven cinquefoiled headed lights and stalls below with three carved misericords. The walls feature wall paintings in various locations including St Michael defeating Satan, a number of crucifixions and Dives and Lazarus. The north window of the chancel contains grisaille glass and the east window of the north chapel contains stained glass in memory of the St Leger family.
The church contains memorials or monumental brasses to Sir William Maydeston ("d" 1419), Randulph Sentleger ("d" 1470) and his wife Anne, Sir Francis Clerke ("d". 1685, MP for Rochester), Francis Clerke ("d". 1691, also MP for Rochester), William Belcher ("d". 1709), Samuel Belcher ("d". 1760), members of the Belcher family ("d". between 1739 and 1819), Marquess of Ormonde ("d". 1820) and Lady Sarah Wandesforde ("d". 1838). An uninscribed brass dedicated to an knight is possibly for John St Ledger ("d". 1442). 
The churchyard contains a Grade II listed mid-18th-century table tomb. Also in the churchyard are several ancient Yew trees, one of which is claimed to be over 2,000 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="36867379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867379" title="Billy Matthews (footballer, born 1882)">
Billy Matthews (footballer, born 1882)

William "Billy" Matthews (1882–1916) was an English footballer who played as a forward. Born in Derby, Derbyshire, he played for Ripley Athletic, Aston Villa, Notts County, Derby County and Newport County.

</doc>
<doc id="36867473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867473" title="Gianantonio Capizucchi">
Gianantonio Capizucchi

Gianantonio Capizucchi (1515–1569) was an Italian Roman 
Catholic cardinal and bishop.
Biography.
Gianantonio Capizucchi was born in Rome on October 24, 1515. He was a doctor of both laws.
On August 28, 1539, he became a canon of the cathedral chapter of St. Peter's Basilica. He became a Referendary of the Apostolic Signatura on June 1, 1549. He later served as an auditor at the Apostolic Palace.
Pope Paul IV made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of December 20, 1555. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Pancrazio on January 13, 1556.
On July 5, 1557, he was elected Bishop of Lodi. He was consecrated as a bishop in Rome on December 21, 1557 by Giovanni Giacomo Barba, Bishop of Terni.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1559 that elected Pope Pius IV. He opted for the titular church of Santa Croce in Gerusalemme on July 6, 1562, and then for San Clemente on November 7, 1565. He was a participant of the papal conclave of 1565-66 that elected Pope Pius V. Cardinal Capizucchi served as Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals from January 13, 1567 to January 14, 1568. On December 1, 1568, he became Prefect of the Apostolic Signatura. He also served as a member of the Holy Office.
He died in Rome on January 28, 1569. He was buried in his titular church.

</doc>
<doc id="36867562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867562" title="AW Canum Venaticorum">
AW Canum Venaticorum

AW Canum Venaticorum (AW CVn) is a star in the constellation Canes Venatici. Its apparent magnitude is 4.74.

</doc>
<doc id="36867616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867616" title="HR 5110">
HR 5110

HR 5110, also known as BH Canum Venaticorum, is a star in the constellation Canes Venatici. Its apparent magnitude is 4.93.

</doc>
<doc id="36867651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867651" title="Steinfass House">
Steinfass House

Steinfass House (Danish. Steinfass Gård) is a listed house overlooking Christianshavn Canal in the Christianshavn neighbourhood of Copenhagen, Denmark. It is now part of the Sofiegården hall of residence.
History.
The current house was built for Jacob Steinfass in 1770–71 to a design by an unknown architect. The painter P. C. Skovgaard lived in the building from 1842 to 1843.
Architecture.
Steinfass House is built in the Neoclassical style. It was built as an adaption and extension of an existing building and incorporates elements from its predecessor.
Current use.
In the early 1970s, he house was converted into a dorm, Sofiegården, and expanded with modern wings along Sofiegade and Dronningensgade. The original contains five rooms and two three-room flats in two upper floors, and various shared facilities on the ground floor, including a day-care centre. The basement houses the bar Sofiekælderen which is popular for live music.

</doc>
<doc id="36867671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867671" title="HD 115004">
HD 115004

HD 115004 is a star in the constellation Canes Venatici. Its apparent magnitude is 4.94.

</doc>
<doc id="36867680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867680" title="Swedish Club of Chicago">
Swedish Club of Chicago

The Swedish Club of Chicago is a historic building located in Chicago, Illinois. During the late 1800s the Swedish Club was an important center for the Swedish American immigrant community in Chicago, in a neighborhood that was known then as Swede Town.

</doc>
<doc id="36867716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867716" title="Alberto Coelho">
Alberto Coelho

Alberto Alves Coelho (born 21 July 1993), commonly known as Betinho, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Vitória F.C. on loan from Sporting Clube de Portugal as a striker.
Club career.
Born in Santa Maria de Lamas, Aveiro District, Betinho signed for Sporting Clube de Portugal at the age of 11, from local C.F. União de Lamas. He then proceeded to play for every youth side at the club.
On 14 December 2011 Betinho was called for a UEFA Europa League group stage game away against S.S. Lazio, alongside youth graduates Ricardo Esgaio, Tiago Ilori, João Carlos and João Mário, as the "Lions" had already secured the first place in its group. He remained an unused substitute in the 0–2 loss.
Betinho started the 2012–13 season with Sporting's reserves, in the second division. He scored his first goal for the B's on 22 August, in a 2–1 home win over S.C. Covilhã; late into the following month he made his first top flight appearance, playing 16 minutes in a 2–2 home draw against G.D. Estoril Praia.

</doc>
<doc id="36867725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867725" title="California Historical Landmarks in Tuolumne County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Tuolumne County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the California Historical Landmark listing in Tuolumne County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="36867743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867743" title="Stefan Franczak">
Stefan Franczak

Stefan Franczak (August 3, 1917, Jeziorna, Łódź Voivodeship, Poland — 2009) was a Polish Jesuit monk and horticulturist, famous as a clematis breeder.
In 2009, President of Poland awarded Franchar with Commander's Cross of the order Polonia Restituta for his "outstanding achievements in the field of breeding of ornamental plants and of his contribution to international horticultural advancement".

</doc>
<doc id="36867793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867793" title="Nicholas Gotfredsen">
Nicholas Gotfredsen

Nicholas Gotfredsen (born 5 Fenruary 1989) is a Danish footballer who plays as a Defender for Viborg FF.

</doc>
<doc id="36867829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867829" title="Eneopterinae">
Eneopterinae

Eneopterinae (bush crickets) is a subfamily of insects in the cricket family (Gryllidae). Of the more than 500 species that make up this subfamily most occur in moist, tropical habitats. These insects are medium to large and brown or gray in color. They eat plant leaves, flowers, and fruits and can occasionally cause economic damage. Their eggs are deposited in pith, bark, or wood. "Eneopterinae" show a great diversity in stridulatory apparatus, signals emitted, and associated behaviors.
Taxonomy.
"Eneopterinae" is divided into 5 tribes. 
Tribe Eneopterini
Tribe Eurepini
Tribe Lebinthini
Tribe Nisitrini
Tribe Xenogryllini
Genera incertae sedis

</doc>
<doc id="36867901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867901" title="Rasmus Thelander">
Rasmus Thelander

Rasmus Thelander (born 9 July 1991) is a Danish footballer who plays as a Central Defender for AaB in the Danish Superliga.
Club career.
Akademisk Boldklub.
Thelander began his career as a senior footballer in 2010 for Akademisk Boldklub in NordicBet Ligaen, the second tier league in danish football.
Aalborg Boldspilsklub.
In the summer of 2012, Thelander signed a two-year contract with the danish superliga club Aalborg Boldspilklub. 
Rasmus played his first season in AaB primarily as a substitute. In the 13/14 season he got his superliga breakthrough, as defender Lasse Nielsen left for the dutch team NEC Nijmegen, thus leaving a spot open in the central defense. Hereafter, Thelander would play each league game through the rest of the season and help his club win the first danish double.
Thelander scored two goals in the 4-2 victory against F.C. Copenhagen in the danish cup final and won the Danish Cup Fighter of the Year "(årets pokalfighter)"

</doc>
<doc id="36867905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867905" title="PDF.js">
PDF.js

PDF.js or pdf.js is a JavaScript library intended to render PDF files using the HTML5 Canvas for a safer and web standards compliant web browser rendering of PDF file. The project is led by the Mozilla Foundation after Andreas Gal launched it (initially as an experiment) in 2011.
PDF.js can work as a part of a website or of a browser. It is available as a Firefox extension with 150–200 thousand users in January–February 2013. A version of PDF.js (not the extension) is included in Mozilla Firefox since version 15, and is enabled by default since version 19. It is also part of ownCloud and there exists a Chromium (web browser) plugin.

</doc>
<doc id="36867929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867929" title="Ceschi">
Ceschi

Julio Francisco Ramos (born July 24, 1981), better known as Ceschi Ramos, or mononymously as Ceschi (pronounced "chess-key"), is a rapper, singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and producer associated with numerous alternative hip hop and hardcore punk/metal acts. He is based in New Haven, Connecticut. He co-founded the record label Fake Four Inc. with his brother David in 2008 as an outlet to release music by members of Anonymous Inc. and associated musicians.

</doc>
<doc id="36867936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36867936" title="Jamaica Center for Arts &amp; Learning">
Jamaica Center for Arts &amp; Learning

The Jamaica Center for Arts & Learning in Jamaica, Queens, New York is a performing and visual arts center that was founded in 1972 in an effort to revitalize the surrounding business district. As of 2012, it serves more than 28,000 people annually via a 1,650 square foot gallery, a 99-seat proscenium theater, and art & music studios. The building that houses the center is the former Queens Register of Titles and Deeds Building ("see below"), a New York City landmark that is also listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Outside the building is one of only two remaining cast-iron sidewalk clocks in New York City, as well as a late-Victorian era headquarters of the Jamaica Savings Bank next door.
Queens Register of Titles and Deeds Building.
Office of the Register, also known as Queens Register of Titles and Deeds Building, is a historic government building located in the Jamaica section of the New York City borough of Queens. It was built between 1895 and 1913 and is an imposing, three story building with a limestone facade in the Neo-Italian Renaissance style. A rear five story addition was built in 1938. The facade features deep rustication on the first floor and a smooth ashlar surface above. The building housed the Office of the Register until 1974, after which it became the Jamaica Center for Arts & Learning (JCAL).
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="36868008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868008" title="Park Soo-gil">
Park Soo-gil

Park Soo-gil (, born October 18, 1933, North Gyeongsang Province) is a South Korean diplomat and the president of the World Federation of United Nations Associations, re-elected in November 2012 to a second three-year term in that office. WFUNA comprises over 100 national UN associations, which promote and support the work of the United Nations in their countries, including educational programs such as model United Nations. He is a former ambassador of the Republic of Korea to the United Nations, where he also served as president of the Security Council in May 1997. Prior to that, he served as deputy foreign minister and as the Korean ambassador to Morocco and Canada.
Education.
Park received a bachelor's degree from Korea University's College of Law in 1959 and a master's degree in international affairs from Columbia University's School of International Affairs and Public Administration.
Diplomatic career.
Park entered South Korea's diplomatic service in 1963, and held positions including director-general of treaty affairs, deputy minister for political affairs and chancellor of the Institute of Foreign Affairs and National Security. He later served as the Republic of Korea's ambassador to Morocco, Canada, the European Office of the United Nations in Geneva, and the United Nations in New York. He was Korea's ambassador to the UN when it was elected to the Security Council as a non-permanent member in 1996-97, and was president of the council in May 1997.
Post-retirement career.
After his retirement from Korea's diplomatic corps in 1998, Park served as a member of the UN's Subcommission of the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights, an organ of the former UN Commission on Human Rights (since replaced by the United Nations Human Rights Council) from 1999 to 2003.
He currently serves as chairman of the Policy Advisory Committee of Korea's National Human Rights Commission. He is a distinguished professor (emeritus) at Korea University's Graduate School of International Studies, and taught courses on international organizations and the United Nations.
From 2003 to 2006, he was president of the United Nations Association of Korea, and was named an honorary president of the association when his term ended.
In August 2009, he was elected president of the World Federation of United Nations Associations (WFUNA), succeeding Dr. Hans Blix. At the triennial WFUNA Plenary Assembly in Rio de Janeiro in November 2012, he was re-elected to a second three-year term ending in 2015. In his capacity as the federation's president, he maintains an office in Seoul.
Publications.
Park is a co-editor of "The UN in the 21st Century" (2000) and "UN, PKO and East Asian Security" (2002)
Korean Air Flight 858 bombing.
On 29 November 1987, a bomb planted by two North Korean agents exploded on Korean Air Flight 858 as it approached Bangkok from Abu Dhabi. The pair had left the flight in Abu Dhabi and were arrested in Bahrain as they tried to make their escape. One agent committed suicide using cyanide; the other, Kim Hyon Hui, was stopped before she could do the same and was taken into custody by Bahraini authorities. Park, at the time an assistant minister at Korea's Foreign Ministry, was dispatched to Bahrain to seek Kim's extradition. He succeeded, and escorted by Korean security officials, arrived in Seoul with Kim on December 15.
Allegations that the bombing was a plot by South Korea's intelligence agency surfaced quickly from Korea's left-wing political opposition, which called it an attempt to influence the Korean presidential election on December 16. Despite those charges, the verdict that the plot was a North Korean operation, probably conducted in an effort to chill the atmosphere before the 1988 Seoul Olympics, has been nearly universally accepted domestically and internationally. North Korea continues to deny any involvement.
In the atmosphere of another heated presidential election campaign in late 2012, Korea's political left resurrected those charges; Park appeared on domestic television in August 2012 to recall his involvement in the matter and defend both the government's position and the validity of the public confession of Kim Hyon Hui.
Personal.
Park was born on 18 October 1933 in Gyeongsan County, North Gyeongsan Province. He was married to Seo Jung-ja in February 1961, and has two sons and a daughter. As a teenager, his education was interrupted by the Korean War; he spent part of the war years as an interpreter and casual employee of U.S. forces and the Korean government.

</doc>
<doc id="36868050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868050" title="The One Man Band Broke Up">
The One Man Band Broke Up

The One Man Band Broke Up is the third solo album by alternative hip hop artist Ceschi.

</doc>
<doc id="36868144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868144" title="Lycideops">
Lycideops

Lycideops is an extinct genus of therocephalian from the Late Permian of South Africa. The type species is "Lycideops longiceps", named in 1931 by South African paleontologist Robert Broom. Fossils of "Lycideops" come from the "Dicynodon" Assemblage Zone of the Beaufort Group. "Lycideops" is a member of the family Lycideopidae. Like other lycideopids, "Lycideops" has a long snout.
Phylogeny.
"Lycideops" has been included in several phylogenetic analyses, including those of Huttenlocker (2009), Huttenlocker "et al." (2011), and Sigurdsen "et al." (2012). All place "Lycideops" within the advanced therocephalian clade Baurioidea. Huttenlocker (2009) and Huttenlocker "et al." (2011) found it to group with "Regisaurus" and "Scaloposaurus" as shown in the cladogram below:
The analysis of Sigurdsen "et al." (2012) came to a different result, grouping "Lycideops" with "Tetracynodon" and "Choerosaurus". The clade including these three genera was called Lycideopidae, and "Lycideops" was the most basal member of the group. Characteristics that unite "Lycideops" with "Tetracynodon" and "Choerosaurus" include the presence of five incisors on each side of the lower jaw (a derived characteristic given that most other eutherocephalians have four), a lacrimal bone that touches the nasal bone, and a contact between the maxilla and the vomer in the palate. Below is a cladogram from the analysis:

</doc>
<doc id="36868164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868164" title="Timothy Burke Embury">
Timothy Burke Embury

Timothy Burke "Tim" Embury (b. January 20, 1947) is a former bank employee and political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada. He represented Regina Lakeview from 1982 to 1986 as a Progressive Conservative.
He was born in Regina, Saskatchewan, the son of Alan Embury. Before entering provincial politics, Embury was a loans officer for the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce in Regina and served on Regina city council from 1977 to 1982.
He served in the Saskatchewan cabinet as Minister of Urban Affairs and as Minister of the Environment. Embury was defeated by Louise Simard when he ran for reelection to the assembly in 1986.
After leaving provincial politics, he established a management consulting firm in Regina and then later moved to Calgary, Alberta where he worked for the Osborne Group.

</doc>
<doc id="36868177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868177" title="California Historical Landmarks in Ventura County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Ventura County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the California Historical Landmark listing in Ventura County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="36868191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868191" title="Alexander W. Hope">
Alexander W. Hope

Alexander W. Hope (died 1856), a physician and druggist, was Los Angeles County sheriff in the 1850s, a state senator, a member of the Los Angeles Common Council and the organizer of the first American law-enforcement group in the city, the forerunner of the Los Angeles Police Department.
Hope was born in Virginia and died January 1856 in Los Angeles.
In a special election on October 7, 1850, Hope won a seat on the Los Angeles Common Council, the city's governing body. His term ended on May 7, 1851, He also was a member of the California State Senate that year, resigning on December 22.
On June 4, 1851, Mayor Benjamin Wilson appointed him to organize and lead a volunteer force of city peace officers, to be known as the Los Angeles Rangers. One hundred men were enlisted at the first meeting in a saloon operated by Billy Getman, and twenty-five of them were chosen to work full time. On August 1, 1853, a barracks was established for the force. Writer Larry Goldberg noted that:
The rangers wore badges of woven white ribbon bearing the words "City Police Organized by the Common Council of Los Angeles, July 12, 1851" and ""Policia Organizado por el Consejo Comun de Los Angeles."" The all volunteer force supplied their own firearms. Horses, tack and other necesities "" were supplied by the city or its citizens.
Hope was thus noted as the first police chief for the city of Los Angeles after the American occupation.
He returned to the Common Council in 1854 when he won another special election on August 16, for a term that ended on May 9, 1855.
Legacy.
Hope was buried on Fort Moore Hill, and Hope Street in Downtown Los Angeles was named in his memory.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36868195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868195" title="Moo Yan Yee">
Moo Yan Yee

Moo Yan Yee (, born 30 July 1988), also known simply as Yan Yee, is a Malaysian actress. She was a former beauty queen and model before joining MediaCorp in 2008.
Career.
After finishing Form 6, Moo entered and won the Miss Malaysia Global Beauty Queen International contest in 2007. She modeled for numerous commercials and print ads before joining MediaCorp and switching to television. She made her television debut the 2008 Singapore-Malaysia co-production "Friends Forever".
Personal life.
Moo came from a working-class background and often had to help her parents at their hawker stall in addition to caring for her younger siblings while juggling school commitments.

</doc>
<doc id="36868208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868208" title="Y-Set (intravenous therapy)">
Y-Set (intravenous therapy)

In intravenous therapy a Y-Set, T-Set and V-Sets are Y, T and V shaped three-way connector sets made of connecting plastic tubes used for delivering intravenous drugs into the body from multiple fluid sources. As Y-Sets are the most common shaped sets, Y-Set is a name that is sometimes used to represent the family of connector sets (sometimes called Y-tubes). The majority of these infusion sets have a left and right hand line that deliver fluid and drugs (often via a valve) to a short common limb attached to the female fitting on the intravenous cannulae.
Applications.
3-way connectors allow for "piggybacking", that is, putting a second infusion set onto the same line, such as adding a dose of antibiotics to a continuous volume expander drip, with the etymology being to refer to the second infusion as "riding on the back" of the first one. 
Most 3+ way connectors can be opened to allow an infusion limb and a vertical limb to deliver fluid via a common limb to the female fitting of an IV cannulae. V shaped fittings allow multiple limbs to flow directly to the patient with no common space. As different tubes for these infusion sets usually have different flow rates and fluid delivered from different tubes, there is a risk that the common space (dead volume) of Y-Sets and T-Sets fills with high concentration drugs and accidentally gets flushed out at a high flow rate.

</doc>
<doc id="36868221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868221" title="Adele Jackson">
Adele Jackson


</doc>
<doc id="36868268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868268" title="Gahnia clarkei">
Gahnia clarkei

Gahnia clarkei (also known as tall sawsedge) is a species of evergreen plant from a sedge family that can be found in Australia. The plant is high, with the same width. They grow during summer and have large black to brownish flowers. The flowers contain seed heads that produce small red seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="36868271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868271" title="Kamøyfjorden">
Kamøyfjorden

Kamøyfjorden () is a fjord on the northeastern side of the large island of Magerøya in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The long fjord runs from the Barents Sea southwest with two smaller fjords that branch off: the Skipsfjorden flowing to the south and the Duksfjorden flowing to the west.
The mouth of the fjord spans between Beinviknæringen in the northwest and the Helnes Lighthouse in the southeast. The town of Honningsvåg lies just to the south of the fjord. The large Porsangerfjorden lies immediately to the east of this fjord. The Kamøyfjorden reaches a depth of at its deepest point, just northwest of Helnes.
The islands of Store Kamøya and Lille Kamøya lie in the middle of the fjord and, just north of the fishing village of Kamøyvær. Store Kamøya marks the entrances to the small side fjords: Duksfjorden along the north side of the island and Skipsfjorden to the south side of the island, around the Skipsfjordneset point. The small Risfjorden flows south from the Duksfjorden, running south on the western side of the villages of Kamøyvær and Kuvika.
The European route E69 highway runs along the innermost part of the fjord, along the south side of Skipsfjorden.

</doc>
<doc id="36868272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868272" title="917th Fighter Group">
917th Fighter Group

The 917th Fighter Group (917 FG) is an inactive Air Force Reserve Command unit that was last assigned to the 442d Fighter Wing, Air Force Reserve Command, stationed at Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana. 
History.
Trained to conduct close air support and battlefield interdiction. Provided A-10 fighter training for reserve pilots until 1 Oct 1993 and after Oct 1996. Deployed A-10s and personnel to Italy to support NATO operations in the Balkans, 1993-1996. 
Gained B-52s and a bombardment mission in 1993. Transferred B-52 squadron to 307th Operations Group, 8 January 2011, inactivated 26 September 2013 and aircraft transferred to Davis-Monthan AFB, Arizona under the 924th Fighter Group. 

</doc>
<doc id="36868277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868277" title="Dneper common shrew">
Dneper common shrew

The Dneper common shrew (Sorex averini) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="36868280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868280" title="Charmaine Smith">
Charmaine Smith

References.
Clare won 1 gold medal for pairs with Adele Jackson and 1 gold medal in the singles.

</doc>
<doc id="36868294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868294" title="Kelly Blackwell">
Kelly Blackwell

Kelly Blackwell (born February 13, 1969 in Blytheville, Texas) is a former professional American football tight end in the National Football League. He played college football at Texas Christian University, where he was named to the All-America Team in 1991 and holds the all-time record for receptions with 181. Blackwell played in sixteen games with the Chicago Bears in 1992 and two games with the Dallas Cowboys in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="36868395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868395" title="Sean Tse">
Sean Tse

Sean Ka Keung Tse (, Traditional Chinese: 謝家強, born 3 May 1992) is a professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Hong Kong First Division League club South China.
Club career.
Manchester City.
Tse was born in Salford, Greater Manchester, to a Hong Konger father and an English mother of Irish descent. He went on trial with Manchester United in 2004 before joining Manchester City at under-14 level in September 2005. He spent the majority of seasons in the academy team, and was voted the Academy Player of the Month in November 2009.
In the 2011–12 season, Tse was included in City's B List squad for the UEFA Champions League. However, he did not make a single appearance for the Manchester City first-team and was released at the end of the season.
South China.
In August 2012, despite being linked with Oldham Athletic, Tse signed for Hong Kong side South China. He made his Hong Kong First Division League debut on 2 September 2012, coming on as a 74th-minute substitute in a 5–2 win over Yokohama FC Hong Kong at Hong Kong Stadium.
International career.
Tse is eligible for the Republic of Ireland through his maternal grand-parentage. Tse was called up for Republic of Ireland national under-17 team in April 2009 for two under-17 friendlies against Poland but he absented these two matches.
He has also shown interest in joining the Hong Kong national team and was listed on the training squad roster for the 2013 EAFF East Asian Cup in 2012. He was then called up by Kim Pan-Gon, the Hong Kong head coach, for the 2013 Guangdong–Hong Kong Cup.
Honours.
South China
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="36868449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868449" title="Iryna Amshennikova">
Iryna Amshennikova

Iryna Vitaliïvna Amshennikova (, born 19 May 1986) is a Ukrainian backstroke swimmer. She had her best achievements in short course competitions, where she won bronze at the 2002 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) in the 200 m backstroke and six medals, including one gold, at the European Short Course Swimming Championships. She also competed at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics in several events, but was eliminated in the preliminaries. During her career she set 29 national records in the 50–200 m backstroke and various relay events.
Biography.
Amshennikova was born in Komsomolsk, Ukraine, to Olga Oleksandrovna (), a competitive swimmer, and Vitali Alekseevich (), an amateur track and orienteering athlete. Her brother Eugene () started with swimming but then became a competitive shooter. In 1997, her local pool was closed for reparations and Iryna moved to Kiev, where she studied and trained in a boarding school. In 2004 she relocated to Zaporizhia to train with the coach Anatoly Zhuravlev. She graduated from the National University of Physical Education and Sports of Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="36868470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868470" title="Girl Scout Museum and Archives">
Girl Scout Museum and Archives

The Girl Scout Museum and Archives is part of the Girl Scout National Historic Preservation Center at the Girl Scouts headquarters in New York City. It was founded in 1987 to promote and preserve scouting history and its collection dates back to 1912 when the Girl Scouts were founded. The museum holds more than 60,000 photos, 7,000 publications, 650 uniforms and an a/v collection dating back to 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="36868474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868474" title="The Doppelgangaz">
The Doppelgangaz

The Doppelgangaz is an American Hip-Hop group from Orange County, New York consisting of rapper/producer Matter Ov Fact and rapper/producer EP. They have released four full-length albums (two of which are primarily instrumental) and one EP.
The group was included on "Raw Roots"' "Top Underground Artists Of 2011" list. They were featured in Europe's biggest Hip-Hop magazine "Juice" in support of their 2011 album "Lone Sharks". In 2012, the group was covered in the major American Hip-Hop magazine "XXL" in its "The Break" section, which highlights up and coming Hip-Hop acts.
History.
Early years and musical beginnings (1998-2007).
The duo of Matter Ov Fact and EP have been friends since childhood. In a 2012 interview with "HipHopDX", Matter Ov Fact stated:
“EP and I have been buds for years. We grew up together, but it wasn’t always about music. Back in 1998 was when we decided that we wanted to do music. As things progressed, we got official equipment and decided to keep moving forward. But yeah, we’ve been cool since probably first grade, but the birth of The Doppelgangaz took place around 2008, and between 2009 and 2011 is when we got to go balls deep and that’s what we plan to do from here on out.”
Before branching off to form The Doppelgangaz, the two were collectively involved in another project. It was during this period where the idea to separate into their own group formed. EP recalled: 
“We were in a bigger group, which was active from the early to mid-2000s, but you know, life happens. We were the younger ones of the group so it just eventually became all Doppgang, you know? We don’t have kids and we don’t have any responsibility. We’re just reckless nomads, so we just had the time to do it.” 
Matter Ov Fact added: 
“Plus we just think on the same wavelength and it just made sense to do our own thing and continue on. That’s where the name comes from. The word doppelganger means a ghastly duplicate, and we see ourselves as when it comes to this here music.”
The Doppelgangaz (2008-present).
The group has become known for wearing cloaks while performing and embracing the "vagrant" lifestyle of frequenting brothels, inebriation, cheap clothing, dumpster diving and being nomadic in their music. They have developed a strong cult following in European countries such as Germany, France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Switzerland, England, Sweden, Spain and also in Australia.
The group's 2011 release "Lone Sharks" has received widespread critical acclaim for its production being reminiscent of the "raw", gritty style that was the iconic sound of east coast New York Hip-Hop in the mid 1990s. Their rapping and lyrics have also been complimented for their unique subject matter, tone and imagery. "HipHopDX" gave the album and group high praise, stating:
"album is entirely devoid of lyrical features and produced entirely by themselves, Lone Sharks showcases two young emcees who also double as producers and appear to have a bright future ahead of their dark cloaks. Production is laid-back yet sinister, conjuring up memories of the early-to-mid nineties. Flows are abstract and rhyme schemes complex, with both lyricists showing an impressive grasp of vocabulary. A subtle static surrounds most of the tracks, an undoubtedly intentional executive decision, leaving the overall sound unpolished and raw. Trends are shunned by The Doppelgangaz as they seem to follow no rules, carefully walking the thin line between individuality and gimmick, emerging victorious on the side of remaining distinct without setting their own expiration date."
In 2012, they released an instrumental album "Beats For Brothels, Vol. 2", they followed that with their third studio album "HARK!" in 2013. On February 18, 2014, the duo will release their fourth studio album "Peace Kehd".

</doc>
<doc id="36868479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868479" title="Robert Farmer (Paralympian)">
Robert Farmer (Paralympian)


</doc>
<doc id="36868498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868498" title="Frank Dole">
Frank Dole

Frank Fessenden Dole (December 25, 1859 – May 22, 1939) was an American football coach, dog breeder, and journalist. He was the first head football coach at the University of Pennsylvania, serving from 1885 to 1887, and leading the Penn Quakers to a record of 23–20–1 in three seasons.
Dole was born on December 25, 1859 in Portland, Maine. As a dog breeder, he specialized in Bull Terriers. Dole joined the "New York Herald Tribune" in 1912 as a writer, and remained on the newspaper's staff until 1938, when he retired as kennel editor. He died on May 22, 1939 at his home in Metuchen, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="36868499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868499" title="Calvin Henry Glauser">
Calvin Henry Glauser

Calvin Henry "Cal" Glauser (April 2, 1923 – February 5, 2007) was a bank employee and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Saskatoon Mayfair from 1982 to 1986 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Progressive Conservative.
He was born in Delisle, Saskatchewan and was educated locally. In 1941, he moved to Saskatoon and joined the Royal Canadian Air Force, serving overseas in North Africa and England. In 1947, Glauser married Marjorie Schauss. He worked for the Royal Bank of Canada in Saskatoon and Regina, retiring in 1982. Glauser served as legislative secretary to the Minister of Health. He did not run for reelection in 1986, citing personal and family reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="36868504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868504" title="Shooting at the 1962 Asian Games">
Shooting at the 1962 Asian Games

Shooting at the 1962 Asian Games was held in Tjibubur Shooting Range, Jakarta, Indonesia. Shooting comprised 5 events, all open to both men and women.

</doc>
<doc id="36868595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868595" title="Sody's yellow house bat">
Sody's yellow house bat

Sody's yellow house bat ("Scotophilus collinus") is a species of vesper bat. It is native to Indonesia, Malaysia, and Timor-Leste. This species was described in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="36868661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868661" title="Rio Grande Station">
Rio Grande Station

Rio Grande Station is the name of several railroad stations including:

</doc>
<doc id="36868664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868664" title="Busco un Pueblo">
Busco un Pueblo

Busco Un Pueblo ("English:" I am Searching for A City) is the thirteenth studio album by Puerto Rican-American salsa singer-songwriter Víctor Manuelle released on November 21, 2011 on Sony Music. It contains two singles. "Si Tu Me Besas" was released on October 9, 2011 as the first official single and "Ella Lo Que Quiere Es Salsa" was released on February 6, 2012, it features Voltio and Jowell & Randy. A deluxe edition was released on January 24, 2012 featuring five bonus tracks. The Album Cover is a reference to the famous Uncle Sam poster.

</doc>
<doc id="36868699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868699" title="Robert Edward William Myers">
Robert Edward William Myers

Robert Edward William "Bob" Myers (January 14, 1947 – January 28, 2008) was a mine designer and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Saskatoon South from 1982 to 1986 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Progressive Conservative.
He was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan and was educated there. In 1971, he married Jo Anne McFadyen. Myers worked for INCO in Thompson, Manitoba and for AMOK in Cluff Lake mine, Saskatchewan. He served on the city council for Thompson. Myers served as legislative secretary for the Minister of Energy and Mines. He later worked as a mine inspector for the Saskatchewan civil service.

</doc>
<doc id="36868714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868714" title="Lepidosperma elatius">
Lepidosperma elatius

Lepidosperma elatius is a species of plant from sedge family that can be found in Australia and Tasmania. The plant grows up , with convex on both sides, that have sharp margins of in width. The spikelets have a drooping spray that is . The plant is blooming from November to April.

</doc>
<doc id="36868721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868721" title="John Kidd (Paralympian)">
John Kidd (Paralympian)


</doc>
<doc id="36868744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868744" title="Middleton Technology School">
Middleton Technology School

Middleton Technology School is an 11–18 mixed comprehensive school and sixth form in the Middleton area of the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale in Greater Manchester, United Kingdom. Since 1995 the school has specialised in technology, vocational
education and Raising Achievement Transforming Learning (RATL). During a 2006 Ofsted inspection the school was described as "Outstanding".
Building Schools for the Future.
As a result of the British Governments Building Schools for the Future (BSF) programme, Middleton Technology School received £9million to build new and improved facilities. This includes the construction of a new technology block to house specialist science, technology, engineering and mathematics classrooms. Work also includes rebuilding the remainder of the school, and is expected to the completed in late 2012. The school had planned to gain academy status, but was forced to abandon this as the school would be liable for £2million VAT payment from the BSF project.
Proposed sixth form closure.
In October 2012, Rochdale Metropolitan Borough Council launched a consultation on the possible closure of the school sixth form. Reasons given for the closure of the sixth form include the relatively small size of the sixth form, falling student numbers, and the alternative sixth form provision offered by Rochdale Sixth Form College which opened in 2010. If the proposal is enacted, the school will not offer any new sixth form courses for students in September 2013, however existing sixth form students at the school will be able to complete their studies without relocating to another institution.

</doc>
<doc id="36868746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868746" title="Dawud ibn Yazid ibn Hatim al-Muhallabi">
Dawud ibn Yazid ibn Hatim al-Muhallabi

Dawud ibn Yazid ibn Hatim al-Muhallabi () (died 820 or 821) was a provincial governor for the Abbasid dynasty in the late eighth and early ninth centuries. A member of the prominent Muhallabid family, he was briefly governor of the western provinces of Ifriqiyah (787 or 788) and Egypt (790-791), after which he was appointed to the eastern province of al-Sind (800), where he served for the remainder of his life.
Career.
Dawud was the son of Yazid ibn Hatim, who served as the governor of Ifriqiyah for the caliphs al-Mansur, al-Mahdi, al-Hadi, and al-Rashid. Yazid died early in the reign of al-Rashid, at which point Dawud temporarily succeeded him as governor. His leadership, however, proved to be inadequate, and the government's authority within the province began to weaken. As a result, al-Rashid appointed Dawud's uncle Rawh ibn Hatim to take control of Ifriqiyah instead. Following this, Dawud was appointed over Egypt in 790. After serving as governor there for slightly more than a year, he was dismissed from that post as well and replaced with the Abbasid prince Musa ibn 'Isa.
In 800 Dawud was invested with the governorship of al-Sind and tasked with pacifying the province, which was plagued by a longstanding conflict between the Arab tribes there. He initially sent his brother al-Mughirah to take control of al-Mansurah, but the city's inhabitants rebelled and expelled him. Dawud then entered al-Sind in force and laid siege to al-Mansurah, which he managed to take several months later. He then proceeded to secure the other cities of al-Sind, thereby firmly reestablishing Abbasid control over the province.
Dawud spent the next two decades as governor of al-Sind, setting a record for the longest tenure of any governor in the early Abbasid period. Conditions in the province remained quiet for the remainder of his administration. He died in 820 or 821 and was succeeded by his son Bishr.

</doc>
<doc id="36868779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868779" title="Si Fly Flight 3275">
Si Fly Flight 3275

On 12 November 1999, Si Fly Flight 3275, an ATR-42-300 owned by the Italian airline Si Fly and chartered by the United Nations World Food Programme, struck a mountain during an approach to Pristina Airport. The crash killed all on board.
Investigation.
The BEA (Bureau of Enquiry and Analysis for Civil Aviation Safety) concluded that the collision of KSV 3275 with high ground was due: 
The following factors contributed to the accident:

</doc>
<doc id="36868812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868812" title="Højbro">
Højbro

Højbro (lit. "High Bridge") is a bridge in central Copenhagen, Denmark. It connects the small island Slotsholmen with its Christiansborg Palace to the rest of the city centre at Højbro Plads which is named after it.
History.
There has been a bridge at the site since the middle ages. The current bridge was built in 1878 to a design by Vilhelm Dahlerup, who also renewed Holmens Bro and Børsbroen, two other Slotsholmen bridges, which were later dismantled and replaced by other bridges. It was expanded to its current width in the 1960s.
Design.
The bridge is made of steel and rests on a granite plinth.
Agnete and the Merman.
The underwater bronze sculpture "Agnete and the Merman", designed by Suste Bonnén, is placed in the canal next to the bridge. Its subject is taken from a story in Danish folklore.

</doc>
<doc id="36868827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868827" title="Jesse Williams (American football)">
Jesse Williams (American football)

Jesse Williams (born November 2, 1990), nicknamed "Tha Monstar", is an Australian defensive tackle for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL). Williams played college football for the University of Alabama, where he was a starter on the defensive line for the 2011 and 2012 national championship teams. The Seattle Seahawks chose him in the fifth round of the 2013 NFL Draft.
Early life.
Williams was born on Thursday Island, Queensland, to Indigenous Australian parents, and raised in Brisbane, attending Norman Park State School. He grew up playing rugby league and basketball and did not start playing gridiron football until he was 14 years old. He first played football with the Bayside Ravens after he attended one of their practices to watch a friend play quarterback. In his first year as a player, Williams was named Rookie of the Year and made the Queensland Under 19 team that would go on to win Australian National Championships. For his efforts in the 2008 season, he was named Defensive Player of the Year with the Ravens.
College career.
Williams was originally recruited by University of Hawaii coaches and offered a scholarship to play for the Hawaii Warriors football team after a Warriors scout saw him play during the Australian National Championships. He verbally committed to play for Hawaii when he was 16 years old; however, the NCAA clearing house said he was missing a mathematics and an English class and would not be able to enroll for the 2009 season. Williams later chose to enroll at Arizona Western College, after coaches saw him play in an exhibition against New Zealand while they were teaching at a football clinic. At the time, Williams was the first Indigenous Australian to receive a scholarship to play college football in the United States. At Western, Williams developed into one of the highest rated recruits out of junior college for the 2011 class. After receiving scholarship offers to play from over 25 schools, Williams enrolled in the University of Alabama for the spring 2011 semester, and began practice with coach Nick Saban's Alabama Crimson Tide football team.
Williams started all 13 games of the 2011 season with the Crimson Tide at defensive end, and he made 24 total tackles and half of a quarterback sack during the course of the year. During the offseason, Williams gained a degree of internet fame when images of him bench pressing were posted to his Twitter account.
Prior to the start of the 2012 season, Williams was named to the preseason award watch lists for the Chuck Bednarik Award, the Lombardi Award, the Bronko Nagurski Trophy and the Outland Trophy. He was also named to the ESPN.com Preseason All-America Team at nose tackle.
For the 2012 regular season, Williams was a starter for Alabama as the nose guard in 13 of the 14 games, and he made 37 total tackles, one quarterback sack and blocked a kick during the course of the year. In their 41–14 victory over Michigan to open the 2012 season, Williams suffered a concussion that kept him out of Alabama's week two matchup against WKU. He returned to the starting lineup for their week three game against Arkansas. In their 52–0 victory over the Razorbacks, Williams also played on offense for the first time in his Crimson Tide career when he lined up at the fullback position late in the second quarter on a one-yard Eddie Lacy touchdown run. In the SEC Championship game against Georgia he blocked for an Eddie Lacy touchdown run on the first play of the fourth quarter after sitting out the third quarter with a knee injury. After the season the AP named Williams to the AP All-SEC Second Team.
Professional career.
2013 NFL Draft.
Prior to the NFL Scouting Combine, Williams, who reportedly bench-pressed a maximum of , vowed to break the 225-pound bench press record of 51 repetitions, established by Justin Ernest in 1999. However, he eventually came far short, recording 30 reps. Predicted to be selected as high as late in the first round, Williams was taken in the fifth round of the 2013 NFL Draft with the 137th overall selection by the Seattle Seahawks.
Seattle Seahawks.
Williams signed his initial rookie contract with Seattle on May 10, 2013. On August 26, 2013, Williams was placed on the injured reserve list for the 2013 season as the result of a knee injury that sidelined him for the entirety of his rookie season with Seattle. Through week 16 of the regular season, Williams rehabbed his knee in his native Australia where he utilized Orthokine to help with joint pain associated with his knee injury. Although he did not play a down during the season due to his injury, Williams became the first native Australian to win a Super Bowl ring after Seattle's victory in Super Bowl XLVIII.

</doc>
<doc id="36868828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868828" title="Museum of Motherhood">
Museum of Motherhood

The Museum of Motherhood, also known as M.O.M, is a popup museum located in the Yorkville neighborhood of Manhattan's Upper East Side. It is believed to be the only museum to focus on motherhood and the role of the mother. It also features the work of local mothers. The museum's founder, Joy Rose, lead singer of Housewives on Prozac, also founded Mamapalooza, which showcases the musical talents of moms. Originally scheduled to be open in Upper East Side location through December 2011, the museum remains open into 2012. It hopes to eventually find a permanent home.

</doc>
<doc id="36868831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868831" title="Pieces of Eighty-Eight">
Pieces of Eighty-Eight

Pieces of Eighty-Eight is the second and final album by American jazz pianist Evans Bradshaw featuring tracks recorded in 1959 for the Riverside label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="36868839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868839" title="John Hind (Australian Paralympian)">
John Hind (Australian Paralympian)


</doc>
<doc id="36868840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868840" title="Veriko Anjaparidze">
Veriko Anjaparidze

Veriko (Vera Ivlianovna) Anjaparidze (, , Kutaisi - 1987, Tbilisi) was a Georgian stage and cinema actress. 
Since 1920, Veriko Anjaparidze was an actress at the Shota Rustaveli State Theater in Tbilisi, and since 1927 she moved to the Kote Mardjanishvili Theater, also in Tbilisi. Later, she became the art director of the theater. She was also teaching at the Shota Rustaveli Tbilisi Theater Institute.
Veriko Anjaparidze was awarded the Stalin Prize in 1943, 1946, and 1952. In 1950, she was awarded the title of the People's Artist of the USSR.
She was the wife of the film director Mikheil Chiaureli and the mother of the actress Sofiko Chiaureli. She is buried in Mtatsminda Pantheon.

</doc>
<doc id="36868844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868844" title="Margarete Bieber">
Margarete Bieber

Margarete Bieber (31 July 1879 – 25 February 1978) was a Jewish German-American art historian, classical archaeologist and professor. She became the second woman university professor in Germany in 1919 when she took a position at the University of Giessen. She studied the theatre of ancient Greece and Rome as well as the sculpture and clothing in ancient Rome and Greece.
Bieber left Germany after the Nazis seized power and she made her way to the United States where she taught at Barnard College, Columbia University and Princeton University. She published hundreds of works during her career and is remembered for her detailed research on Greek theater and sculpture as well as her analysis of Roman copies of Greek art.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Margarete Bieber was born on 31 July 1879 in Schönau, Landkreis Schlochau (present day Drzonowo, Poland) to Jewish parents Valli Bukofzer, and Jacob Heinrich Bieber, a factory owner. She attended a girl's school in Schwetz (present day Świecie) for six years before being sent to a finishing school in Dresden.
In 1899 she went to Berlin where she attended Gymnasialkurse, a private school founded by Helene Lange. In 1901 she passed the "Maturitätsprüfung" in Thorn and registered at the University of Berlin. As women were not allowed to enroll, she audited her classes, attending lectures by Hermann Alexander Diels, Reinhard Kekulé von Stradonitz and Ulrich von Wilamowitz-Moellendorff. She graduated in the winter semester 1901/02 in Berlin. In 1904 she moved to Bonn, studying under Paul Clemen, Georg Loeschcke and Franz Bücheler. She received her PhD from the University of Bonn in 1907, her dissertation concerning representations of ancient Greek costume in art.
Research and professorship.
In the following years, Bieber did extensive research throughout the Mediterranean. She was the first woman to receive a travel grant from the German Archaeological Institute (DAI) in 1909. From then until 1914, she did research in Athens and later Rome. She became a member of the DAI in 1913. When the First World War broke out, Bieber returned to Germany and worked as a Red Cross worker. From Easter 1915, she taught seminars and ran the Archaeological Institute at the University of Berlin for her former instructor Georg Loeschcke, who was ill. After he died in November 1915, a successor was appointed and she was not allowed to continue teaching as women could not receive habilitation at the time. Bieber continued to teach private courses out of her home, counting Dora and Erwin Panofsky among her students.
After several unsuccessful attempts, her postdoctoral was finally approved in 1919 and she became an associate professor in classical archaeology at the University of Giessen. She was the second woman to become a University professor in Germany. Beginning in 1928, she headed the Giessen Institute of Archaeology and in 1931, she was made a full professor. Her future looking secure, she adopted a six-year-old girl named Ingeborg in 1932. After the Nazis seized power in Germany, they removed Jewish people from academic positions and Bieber was removed from her professorship in July 1933. She, Ingeborg and her governess Katharina Freytag left Germany for England where Bieber became an honorary fellow at Somerville College, Oxford.
Emigration to America.
Bieber left for the United States in 1934 at the invitation of Barnard College, where she was a lecturer. She was recommended to Columbia University, where she became a visiting professor in the Department of Art History and Archaeology in 1936. She applied for American citizenship in 1939.
In 1939, she published "The History of the Greek and Roman Theater". It became a foundational text for students of the ancient theaters of Greece and Rome, delving into the nuances of production and the practicalities of staging.
During World War II, Bieber assisted German refugees. She retired from Columbia University in 1948, though she continued to lecture at the Columbia University School of General Studies and at Princeton University. The Bollingen Foundation helped to fund "The Sculpture of the Hellenistic Age", published in 1955. She continued to publish works, describing sculpture in American museums and ancient clothing.
Bieber was named to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in the early 1970s and in 1974, the Archaeological Institute of America awarded her a Gold Medal for Distinguished Archaeological Achievement. She remained active in her later years, living with her adopted daughter, Ingeborg Sachs. Her final work, "Ancient Copies", was published in 1977 and detailed the transformation and reflection in Roman copies of Greek art. Bieber died on 25 February 1978 in New Canaan, Connecticut. She was 98.
Selected bibliography.
A bibliography of Bieber's writings when she was 90 included some 327 items.

</doc>
<doc id="36868858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868858" title="Push and Shove (song)">
Push and Shove (song)

"Push and Shove" is a song by American rock band No Doubt, released as a promotional single from their sixth studio album of the same name. The song was written by Gwen Stefani, Tony Kanal, Tom Dumont, Reanno Gordon, Wesley Pentz, David Taylor, Ariel Rechtshaid and was produced by Major Lazer and Spike Stent. It features additional production from Major Lazer as well as vocals from Jamaican dancehall artist Busy Signal. The song blends ska, dub, reggae and dubstep.
"Push and Shove" premiered on the radio program "On Air with Ryan Seacrest" on August 29, 2012. No Doubt stated that they were unsure whether the track would be a single, where it was then later confirmed that "Looking Hot" would be released as the second single from the album instead. Bassist Tony Kanal stated "Push and Shove" was to No Doubt as "Bohemian Rhapsody" was to Queen. A music video for the song was uploaded to VEVO on September 25, 2012.
Background and release.
After the group's hiatus for 5 years, the band began initial work on the album in March 2008, after Gwen Stefani wrapped the tour behind her second solo album, "The Sweet Escape". Songwriting on the effort reportedly got off to a slow start because, according to a post from Stefani, she was distracted by her second pregnancy, though she was certain at the time that "this could be the most inspired No Doubt record so far." The band reconvened at bassist Tony Kanal's personal studio in Hollywood after the tour concluded and spent the majority of 2010 writing and carefully polishing several demos. In January 2011, No Doubt guitarist Tom Dumont posted a message letting fans know that the group transitioned to the Santa Monica studio of producer Spike Stent, who also worked on Rock Steady, to officially begin tracking the effort.
"Rolling Stone" visited Stent's studio and sampled several songs the band had recorded. Of the 12 tracks announced at that time, the magazine lavished particular affection on "Settle Down", calling it a "party-ready reggae blast", and "One More Summer", which "updates the band's ska-pop sound with pounding dance beats, arena-size guitars and a beyond-catchy chorus." A month after Rolling Stone's studio visit, in late July 2011, the band teamed up in the studio with Major Lazer, the recording name for hip-hop/dance producers Diplo and Switch. The group reportedly recruited the duo for a track titled "Push and Shove." In May, 2012, the band previewed "Push and Shove" in their first studio webisode, while on June 11, 2012, they also announced that "Push and Shove" will be the title of the album.
"Push and Shove" was subsequently released as a promotional single on the iTunes store on August 29, 2012, with the song premiering on the Ryan Seacrest show. No Doubt stated that they were unsure whether the track would be a single, where it was then later confirmed that "Looking Hot" would be released as the second single from the album instead.
Composition and lyrics.
"Push and Shove" was written by Gwen Stefani, Tony Kanal, Tom Dumont, Reanno Gordon, Wesley Pentz (Diplo), David Taylor, Ariel Rechtshaid and was produced by Major Lazer and Spike Stent. It features Major Lazer as well as vocals from Jamaican dancehall artist Busy Signal.
Bassist Tony Kanal stated in an interview for Rolling Stone that, "It's our 'Bohemian Rhapsody'", referring the song to Queen's classic, because of the song’s schizo genre-hopping. "Push and Shove" wildly crosses various genres and tempos, bouncing between reggae-infused beats, verging dangerously close to dubstep and a slow, swooning chorus. "Rolling Stone" magazine called the song "a wild fluctuation between genres and tempos". "Never play it safe / No relapse", Stefani sings with a Caribbean lilt in the ska-flavored opening verse. The chorus features Stefani crooning over an instrumental breakdown The track finds room for a rapping by dancehall artist Busy Signal, and a couplet that rhymes "Livin' La Vida Loca" with "soca."
Reception.
Marc Hogan of "Spin" said the song contained No Doubt's familiar sound "while also pushing ahead with current trends, [...] because that's what the one-time ska band have been doing all along." Carl Williott of Idolator said the song was like ""Tragic Kingdom" merged with one of Major Lazer's island party bangers" and was "just shy of dubstep". Nick Levine of "NME" said the song was "bonkers and brilliant" and also noted similarities to "Tragic Kingdom". Kelsey Hovermale of Ryan Seacrest website wrote that "The band gives their fans everything from hot reggae rap, to a saucy chorus where Gwen soulfully admits, “you got me good.” Backatcha, Gwen. We don’t know whether to dance to this upbeat jam, or bow at No Doubt’s feet for shoving us right back into the music we’ve always loved them for."
Music video.
The official music video for "Push and Shove" premiered on the September 25, 2012. The video is presented in black and white and features the band at a bar and walking through empty streets. Robert Daw from Idolator said that the music video showed the band causing "teenager-like havoc" and they were "the type of hooligans you want to throw a bucket of water on while they're drunkenly howling on the sidewalk below your bedroom window at 2.15 am.".

</doc>
<doc id="36868869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868869" title="Skipsfjorden, Magerøya">
Skipsfjorden, Magerøya

Skipsfjorden () is the southern arm of the Kamøyfjorden, a fjord on the eastern side of the island of Magerøya in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.
The mouth of the fjord spans between the Skipsfjordneset headland in the northwest and Selvågklubben in the southeast.
The fjord extends about to the west, and the island of Trollholmen is located near the end of the fjord. The fjord reaches a maximum depth of at the outer reaches of the fjord.
The small village of Skipsfjord lies along the north side of the bottom of the fjord, while the hamlets of Valan and Austerelva are situated on the south side. Honningsvåg Airport, Valan is located on the southern shore of the fjord. The town of Honningsvåg lies a little ways south of the fjord. European route E69 runs along the southern side of the bay.

</doc>
<doc id="36868882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868882" title="1968 Volunteer 500">
1968 Volunteer 500

The 1968 Volunteer 500 is a NASCAR Grand National Series racing event that took place on July 21, 1968, at Bristol International Speedway in Bristol, Tennessee, USA.
Summary.
There were 36 drivers on the racing grid to begin with. It took three hours and sixteen minutes for David Pearson to defeat Cale Yarborough by one and a half laps in front of a live audience of twenty thousand racing fans; about the size of a small city. There were eight lead changes recorded in the NASCAR summary and 13 caution flags were waved for a grueling distance of 92 laps. There were 500 laps in this racing event; speeds of were recorded during the race while solo qualifying runs would see LeeRoy Yarbrough earn the pole position by driving up to .
Bob Burcham and Ervin Pruitt would make their respective introductions to NASCAR-style racing during this event. Richard Brickhouse ended up being the last-place finisher due to an engine malfunction on the eighth lap. Ford vehicles made up the majority of the racing grid. Five years later, Swede Savage would be killed in a racing accident at the 1973 Indianapolis 500.
The winner of this event received $5,175 in total winnings ($ in today's money) while the last-place finisher went home with only $250 in total earnings ($ in today's money). The total prize purse for this race was $24,140 ($ in today's money).

</doc>
<doc id="36868883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868883" title="Skipsfjorden">
Skipsfjorden

Skipsfjorden may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36868965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868965" title="The Adventures of Captain Horn">
The Adventures of Captain Horn

The Adventures of Captain Horn is an 1895 adventure novel by Frank R. Stockton that was the third-best selling book in the United States in 1895. A sequel, "Mrs. Cliff's Yacht", was released in 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="36868968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868968" title="Chen Shi (Han dynasty)">
Chen Shi (Han dynasty)

Chen Shi (陳寔: 104-187) is an official of Han Dynasty of the Chinese history.
He is the father of Chen Ji and the grandfather of
Chen Qun. As he was the mayor (長) of Taiqui County (太丘縣), he acquired a nickname 
Chen Taiqui (陳太丘). He was the primogenitor of surname Chen (陳) of Yingchuan (潁川) and
the central figure of the Qingliu school (清流派) of Yingchuan (潁川) region.
Though he was raised at an impoverished family, he loved books and studies at early years.
As he was the person of rightfulness, prejudiceless and generous, he was held in high repute
among the common people. However as he objected the eunuches's abusing their authorities, 
he was prevented from holding government positions by the Disasters of Partisan Prohibitions.
As he was prevented from government services, he lived a hermit life at his hometown.
Whenever a civil lawshit occurred, local residents used to call him to preside the case.
Whenever consulted, Chen Shi provided them results that are consistent with reason,
no one complained to him, such that it was said that 
"if you met the case that makes you feel that Chen Shi's decision was wrong, 
then it would be better to accept results in any way.".
After the Prohibitions were relieved, He Jin 
sent a messenger and called Chen Shi to his ministration, but Chen Shi did not accept He Jin's offer
and died soon after.
When he died in 187, 30,000 crowd assembled at his funeral, and the number of those who wore
mourning dress exceeded 100.

</doc>
<doc id="36868989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868989" title="Lake Desmet Segment, Bozeman Trail">
Lake Desmet Segment, Bozeman Trail

The Lake Desmet Segment is a one-mile long set of trail ruts that are a well-preserved portion of 
the Bozeman Trail in Johnson County, Wyoming. The ruts are located about a mile west of Lake Desmet on the down slope of the hill overlooking the lake. This portion of the trail is on private property, so permission is required to visit. 
Lake Desmet.
Lake Desmet occupies a natural undrained basin on the divide between the Piney Creek, and one of its tributaries, the Boxelder Creek. It is one of several basins in the Buffalo area that were formed by coal seam fires. After the coal deposits burned, the clinker and other sediments collapsed into the space vacated by the burned coal forming a natural basin.
In the early years, Lake Desmet was a highly saline lake capable of supporting only limited types of aquatic life. However, during a period of higher precipitation from 1880 to 1915, the salinity of the lake dropped because of additional runoff from local creeks. In 1917, Levi Leiter a Chicago millionaire built an irrigation ditch from Piney Creek to Lake Desmet, and impounded additional water with a small dam. In 1957, Reynolds Mining bought the lake, and replaced the ditch with a tunnel, and replaced the dam with a higher dam. In 1976, Texaco bought Lake Desmet from Reynolds Mining, and they raised the dam again. The original natural lake was about 1500 acres in size, but the various dams have increased the size of the lake to about 3600 acres today. 
History.
Lake Desmet was first described by Pierre-Jean De Smet, a Jesuit priest who was a missionary to Native American people. He described the lake in a letter dated August 24, 1851:
"On the 23rd we left Tongue River. For ten hours we marched over mountain and valley, following the course of one of its tributaries, making, however, only about twenty-five miles. On the day following we crossed a chain of lofty mountains to attain the Lower Piney Fork, nearly twenty miles distant. We arrived quite unexpectedly on the borders of a lovely little lake about six miles long, and my traveling companions gave it my name. There our hunters killed several wild ducks."
In 1865, the Powder River Expedition passed Lake Desmet during their military operations against the Sioux Indians. One of the officers, Captain Henry E. Palmer described the lake:
"Seven miles from Clear Fork, we came to a very pretty lake about two miles long and about three-fourths of a mile wide, which Major Bridger (Jim Bridger) told us was De Smet Lake, named after Father De Smet. The Lake is strongly impregnated with alkali, in fact, so strong that an egg or potato will not sink if thrown into the water. Large, red bluffs are to be seen on both sides and underneath the lake is an immense coal vein."
The Bozeman Trail which was active from 1863 to 1868 passed about a mile west of Lake Desmet along the length of the lake. About a half dozen emigrant diaries mention the lake, and some of the travelers mistakenly called it Smith or Smith's Lake.
Over the years, Lake Desmet has been alleged to be inhabited by a sea monster These legends and recent sightings have persisted to the present day.
Although Father De Smet spelled his name differently, the preferred spelling of the name of the lake is Lake Desmet. 

</doc>
<doc id="36868997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36868997" title="Duncan Na'awi">
Duncan Na'awi

Duncan Na'awi is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who represented his country in the 2000 World Cup.
Playing career.
Na'awi played in the Queensland Cup for the Redcliffe Dolphins in 2000 and the Wynnum Manly Seagulls in 2001.
He played eight test matches for Papua New Guinea in those two years, including four at the 2000 World Cup.
In 2009 he played for the Cairns Kangaroos in the Cairns District Rugby League.

</doc>
<doc id="36869006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869006" title="Ali Liebert">
Ali Liebert

Alison Dyan "Ali" Liebert (born August 20, 1981) is a Canadian actress and producer.
Life and career.
Ali Liebert is a British Columbia native, born in Surrey and raised in Duncan. She has had a keen interest in performing from a young age. 
After graduating from high school, Liebert attended the Canadian College of Performing Arts in Victoria for two years before moving to Vancouver to pursue her dream of becoming a successful television and film actress.
Her television credits include roles on "Fringe", "The L Word", "Kyle XY", and a recurring role on "Intelligence". In 2008, Liebert was cast as a lead in Sook-Yin Lee's film debut, "Year of the Carnivore", the Cuba Gooding Jr. feature "Hardwired" as well as Blaine Thurier's "A Gun to the Head". She also subsequently appeared in the second of three Molson Canadian commercials titled "It's an unwritten code in Canada…". In 2012, Liebert's recent role as Betty, in the wartime miniseries Bomb Girls, received much critical acclaim and was extended into a full series for the second season.
In 2011, Liebert founded Sociable Films, a boutique film production company based in Vancouver with Nicholas Carella and Michelle Ouellet. Through her company, she has produced projects such as Afterparty and This Feels Nice currently in post-production.

</doc>
<doc id="36869016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869016" title="List of schools in Cardenal Caro">
List of schools in Cardenal Caro

There are sixty-three schools in , one of the three provinces of Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region in Chile. The province contains several primary schools and eight secondary schools. All schools in Cardenal Caro are municipal (owned by the government of their respective communes) except the and the , which are semi-private (subsidized by the state). Forty-seven schools are located in rural areas, while the remaining sixteen are located in urban areas. All of them are coeducational.
Students in Chilean schools begin their formal education in between the ages of two and five. is the first grade of primary education, which lasts until (eighth grade). Students begin their secondary education in (ninth grade), and graduate in (twelfth grade).
In 2010, there were seventy-eight schools in , with 7,400 students in total. As of 2012, the number of students in the province decreased to 6,681. The from Pichilemu has the most students, with 558, and is followed by the , also from Pichilemu, with 504, and the from Litueche, with 489.
Schools.
The enrollments given here are based on figures from the 2012 school year provided by the Ministry of Education, except the enrollment for Escuela La Villa, which is from 2011 and was published on the Pichilemu City Hall website. The number given in the last column corresponds to the database number ( – RBD) for each school, provided by the Ministry of Education, and links to their respective page on the (MIME) website, which includes, among other things, information on the educational establishments' administrative staff, ranks per scores in the (Education Quality Measurement System – SIMCE) and (University Selection Test – PSU) tests, and extracurricular activities.

</doc>
<doc id="36869023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869023" title="1979 Talladega 500">
1979 Talladega 500

The 1979 Talladega 500 is a NASCAR Winston Cup Series racing event that took place on August 5, 1979, at Alabama International Motor Speedway in Talladega, Alabama, USA.
Summary.
There were 41 American-born drivers on the starting grid; 21 of these vehicles failed to finish the race. Most of the problems in this three-hour event was blamed on the engines. After 188 laps of racing and five caution flags, Darrell Waltrip would defeat David Pearson by a minute and two seconds in front of a live crowd of eighty thousand stock car racing fans. Rookie driver Dale Earnhardt's injuries prevented him from participating in this event. There were a massive amount of changes in the race's first-place position; with Waltrip leading the final 55 laps to his victorious fate.
Speeds at this race reached for the actual event while Neil Bonnett would earn his pole position by plowing through the field in solo qualifying runs with a top speed of . Kyle Petty would in ninth place in his inaugural race after starting in 18th place. Meanwhile, Bob Burcham and Al Holbert would make this race into their individual swan songs. The total prize purse at this event was $205,680 ($ in today's money). While the winner would collect $32,325 of this purse ($ in today's money), the last-place finisher would be stuck with a mere $1,050 ($ in today's money).
Oldsmobile would rack up their 100th victory in the history of the NASCAR Cup Series; sealing the legendary status of this now-defunct automobile manufacturer within the circles of professional stock car racing.
Finishing order.
"† signifies that the driver is known to be deceased" <br>
"* Driver failed to finish race"

</doc>
<doc id="36869053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869053" title="Dhyani Dave">
Dhyani Dave

Dhyani Dave (born August 21, 1991 in Gujarat) is an Indian Chess player. She holds the Woman International Master title. In August 2012, she played with 150 rated chess players at Mahatma mandir, Gujarat and entered in Limca Book of Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36869065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869065" title="Cairns District Rugby League">
Cairns District Rugby League

The Cairns District Rugby League was formed on 5 August 1918 and is the administrative body for the game of rugby league football in Cairns, Queensland. The CDRL runs senior, junior and womens club competitions and has its headquarters at Barlow Park.
History.
Although the CDRL was formed in 1918, rugby league football had been played in Cairns for several years prior, with the earliest recorded match featuring a touring Newtown Jets from Sydney in 1910.
Representative matches.
Cairns' senior representative team is called the Marlins and the junior team is called the Crocs. The Marlins compete in the Foley Shield while the Northern Pride represents Cairns in the Queensland Cup, Cyril Connell Cup and Mal Meninga Cup competitions.
Senior Clubs.
Cairns District Rugby League.
The Cairns senior competition features eleven clubs in three grades: A-grade, reserves and colts (under 18's). All finals matches are played at Barlow Park. 
Cairns District Junior Rugby League.
The Cairns junior competition features twelve clubs in eleven grades, from under 6's to under 16's.
Eacham Junior Rugby League.
Eacham Junior Rugby League is the governing body for seven club junior rugby league on the Atherton Tablelands. The home grounds of Eacham Junior Rugby League are the Atherton Junior Rugby League grounds. The name of the Eacham Junior Rugby League comes from a senior competition dating back to the early twentieth which comprised senior clubs from Mareeba, Atherton, Malanda and Millaa Millaa.
Innisfail Junior Rugby League.
Former 4 team competition based around Innisfail now part of the CDJRL It consisted of Innisfail Brothers, Innisfail Cowboys, Babinda Colts and Tully Tigers.

</doc>
<doc id="36869069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869069" title="Qastal Ma'af">
Qastal Ma'af

Qastal Ma'af () is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia. Nearby localities include Kesab to the north, Mashqita and Ayn al-Bayda to the south and Rabia to the east. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Qastal Ma'af had a population of 585 in the 2004 census. It is the administrative center of the Qastal Ma'af "nahiyah" ("subdistrict"), which consisted of 19 localities with a collective population of 16,784 in 2004. The inhabitants of the town are predominantly Sunni Muslim, and the inhabitants of the surrounding villages and subdistrict are predominantly Alawites.

</doc>
<doc id="36869094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869094" title="Rabia, Syria">
Rabia, Syria

Rabia () is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia. Nearby localities include Kesab to the north, Mashqita and Ayn al-Bayda to the southwest and Qastal Ma'af to the west. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Rabia had a population of 1,986 in the 2004 census. It is the administrative center of the Rabia "nahiyah" ("subdistrict"), which consisted of 21 localities with a collective population of 8,214 in 2004. The inhabitants of the town and the subdistrict are predominantly Sunni Muslims of Turkmen origin.

</doc>
<doc id="36869104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869104" title="Duksfjorden">
Duksfjorden

Duksfjorden () is an fjord arm that branches off the main Kamøyfjorden on the eastern side of the island of Magerøya in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.
The mouth of the inlet spans between Bryggnæringen in the north and the island of Store Kamøya in the south. The fjord extends about west to the end of the fjord. The fjord reaches a depth of about at its deepest point at the outer reaches of the fjord. Just beside Store Kamøya lies Lille Kamøya and south of this lies the village of Kamøyvær.
Risfjorden.
Between the island of Magerøya itself and Lille Kamøya, the little fjord of Risfjorden branches off the Duksfjorden and runs south, past Kamøyvær and the hamlet of Kuvika.

</doc>
<doc id="36869117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869117" title="Dead man's hand in popular culture">
Dead man's hand in popular culture

The dead man's hand, a legendary "cursed" poker hand usually depicted as consisting of the ace of spades, ace of clubs, eight of spades and eight of clubs with an undefined fifth card, has appeared or been referenced in numerous works of popular culture. 
Written fiction.
In the novel "Along Came a Spider" by James Patterson, Jezzie Flannigan tells the story of how her father won his gun with a hand of aces and eights – she also uses "Aces&Eights" as her computer password. 
"Dead Man's Hand" is the name of the seventh book of the "Wild Cards" series.
In "Batman R.I.P.", while Batman is talking to The Joker in Arkham Asylum, the Joker sends a cryptic message to Batman by dealing himself a "dead man's hand, with a twist." The "twist" is that the 8's in the hand are red cards, while the aces remain black. His final card is a Joker.
In "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" by Ken Kesey, McMurphy has a dead man's hand tattooed on his shoulder, "a poker hand fanned out across his muscle - aces and eights".
The title of the fourth novel based on the film "Final Destination" is titled "Dead Man's Hand", and takes place in Las Vegas. Also, a comic mini-series based on the film used the "dead man's hand" as a means of foreshadowing.
Film.
At least two of John Ford's films feature the aces and eights hand as a foreshadowing of death. In "Stagecoach" (1939), the hand is held by Luke Plummer (Tom Tyler), soon to be shot by the Ringo Kid (John Wayne). In "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance" (1962), Liberty Valance draws the hand just prior to his death. 
In Anthony Mann's film "Winchester '73", "Dutch" Henry lays down a full house, aces over eights, stating that he just missed a "dead man's hand." 
In "Along Came a Spider" (2001), aces and eights is the winning hand that gave ownership of a Turkish hand-made shotgun to the father of Agent Flannigan. It later provides a clue about her involvement in the kidnapping plot.
TV.
On "The X-Files" episode entitled "Clyde Bruckman's Final Repose", the title character is playing poker with Agent Scully and is seen holding a full house of aces and eights (the ace of hearts being the fifth card).
In "The Assassin" (Season 3 Episode 11) of the television series "The Pretender", poker plays a key role, including the appearance of the dead man's hand at the end of the episode.
In a first episode of "Quantum Leap" ("How The Tess Was Won") a character attempts to rig a game of poker by dealing aces and eights to Sam's love interest. It is referred to as a "dead man's hand" by Al.
In "Noosphere Rising" (Season 1 Episode 7) of the television series "Touch", a key is given to Jake Bohm (David Mazouz) by Dr. Teller (Danny Glover) with the number 1188 engraved on it. The number is identified by Martin Bohm (Kiefer Sutherland) as the "dead man's hand", and is part of the number pattern of the fictional Amelia Sequence.
In "The Lightning" (Season 1 Episode 14) of the television series "Criminal Minds", Hotch plays cards with a death row inmate, hoping to reveal the location of another victim. Hotch claims to have a pair of aces and a pair of eights, a dead man's hand, which the inmate believes is what he should have. The inmate shows a straight: 7 of spades, 8 of hearts, 9 of spades, 10 of hearts, jack of hearts. Hotch reveals he was hiding another ace, thus beating the inmate.
In June 2012, Total Nonstop Action Wrestling introduced a faction known as the "Aces & Eights". The faction would use the Dead Man's Hand (black aces, black eights and the fifth card overturned) as a calling card for their attacks.
Song.
The Ha Ha Tonka song "Dead Man's Hand", the Motörhead song "Ace of Spades", the Bob Dylan song "Rambling, Gambling Willie", the Uncle Kracker song "Aces and Eights" and the Bring Me the Horizon song "Alligator Blood" all refer to the legendary poker hand. 
The song "Aces & Eights" from the Lita Ford album "Stiletto" features "The dead man's hand holds aces and eights" in the refrain. 
The phrase "who's gonna play those eights and aces?" appears in the song "Fire Lake" by Bob Seger.
The lyric "Aces and eights are the fate that you drew" appear in the song "I Am the Storm" by Blue Öyster Cult on their album "Mirrors".
Townes van Zandt's album "Roadsongs" in the song "Little Wille the Gambler" includes the line "Willie's cards fell on the floor/They were aces backed with eights."
On Michael McDermott's 2000 LP "Last Chance Lounge", there is a song entitled "Aces and Eights". The song expounds on the idea that life can make the writer feel like he is "Looking over my shoulder, holding aces and eights."
Dale Oliver and Serg Salinas produced the song "Dead Man's Hand" as the entrance theme for the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling stable Aces & Eights.
A song titled "Deadman's Hand" appears on the album "Untitled #23" by the church.
Gaming.
In the "" expansion "Dead Money", the player visits the Sierra Madre, a resort casino from before the Great War which is now filled with deadly gas clouds, booby traps, and monsters. Here the player can occasionally find cards from the Sierra Madre's casino decks in the debris, and the game features an achievement for gathering the "dead man's hand."
In "", there is a side quest called "Dead Man's Hand".
In "", there is a deathstreak called "Dead Man's Hand"; in , if you gather the 'death cards', you receive an achievement called a "Dead Man's Hand".
In the Collectible Card Game, "Doomtown", where conflicts are resolved by playing card numbers on the game cards used to make poker hands, the Dead Man's Hand (specifically, both black aces, both black eights and the Jack of Diamonds) is the highest possible hand.
In the Paper and Pencil Role-playing game "Deadlands" Hucksters (mages) can use the Dead Man's Hand much like a critical roll, giving full benefit of what ever spell they cast and maximum potential of damage.
In there is a group of werewolf hunters known as the Dead Man's Hand and use the eponymous cards as their insignia.
In Wing Commander IV: The Price of Freedom, just before Vagabond dies on an infiltration mission, he loses a critical hand of poker with a full house of aces and eights against Maniac's four queens.
In Army of Two, the final barrel upgrade for the .44 revolver sidearm is named "EAM Dead Man's Hand", referencing the assassination of Hickok along with the hand of cards he held at the time of his death.
Other.
The Dead man hand can be seen on an abandoned dust-covered table on the lobby of Walt Disney Studios Park's The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror.
Big Boss Brewing in Raleigh, NC brews a beer called "Aces and Ates."

</doc>
<doc id="36869130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869130" title="Ali Abbaspoor Tehrani Fard">
Ali Abbaspoor Tehrani Fard

Ali Abbaspoor Tehrani-Fard () born in 1950 is an Iranian Politician and Nuclear Scientist.
Education.
Ali Abbaspoor Tehrani Fard earned a bachelor of science in electrical engineering ranking in first place in his class from Amirkabir University of Technology and a master’s degree in nuclear engineering from the University of Tehran with highest distinction. With an scholarship from MIT, Tehrani-Fard earned a bachelor and a master’s degrees from MIT in Fuel Engineering Management of Nuclear Power Plant, and in 1983 he earned his Ph.D. in Energy, Power Plant Technology, Nuclear Energy from the University of California at Berkeley, USA.
After obtaining his PhD from the University of California at Berkeley, Tehrani-Fard returned to Iran and joined the Faculty of Electrical Engineering as an assistant professor at the Sharif University of Technology. Later, he served as the President of Sharif University of Technology.
Career.
Ali Abbaspoor Tehrani Fard was elected as a representative of Tehran in the fourth and fifth terms of Iran’s Parliament. Presently, he is the Chairman of Iran's (Majlis) Parliamentary Committee on Education and Research and has been elected to the presidency of the Forum of Asia-Pacific Parliamentarians for Education (FASPPED).
Presently, Tehrani-Frad is campaigning for parliamentary elections to represent Tehran as an ultraconservative.

</doc>
<doc id="36869151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869151" title="Doximity">
Doximity

Doximity is an online social networking service for U.S. physicians. Launched in March 2011, Doximity has over 295,000 verified physician members as of January 2014. Doximity offers a searchable directory of 700,000 U.S. physicians as well as HIPAA-secure case collaboration and physician-to-physician messaging. 
Investors.
Doximity received $10.8 million in venture capital funding from Emergence Capital Partners and Interwest Partners in March 2011 and $17 million in Series B funding led by Morgenthaler Ventures in September 2012.
In April 2014, the company announced it had raised a $54 million financing round led by the venture capital firm Draper Fisher Jurvetson and the mutual fund company T. Rowe Price. Morgan Stanley Investment Management also invested. This investment brought Doximity's total funding to $81 million. 

</doc>
<doc id="36869156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869156" title="US 12–St. Joseph River Bridge">
US 12–St. Joseph River Bridge

The US 12–St. Joseph River Bridge is a three-span camelback bridge in Mottville, Michigan, that carried U.S. Route 12 across the St. Joseph River. Built in 1922, it is the fourth bridge to cross the river at this location. It has served as a pedestrian bridge since 1990 when a new bridge opened alongside to carry the highway. The bridge is the longest surviving camelback bridge in Michigan. It is a Michigan State Historic Site and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The US 12–St. Joseph River Bridge is the fourth bridge to cross the St. Joseph river in this vicinity. The Great Sauk Trail crossed the river at a shallow spot near the modern crossing. In 1825, the trail was surveyed and converted by the federal government into the Chicago Road, which presently is US 12. The first bridge to carry this road was a timber structure built from 1833 through 1834. Its replacement, a pile-supported bridge, was built in 1845. A covered Burr arch truss was then built in 1867, of which the ruins of its abutments remain. The camelback bridge was constructed in 1922, with Smith and Nichols of Hastings, Michigan, as contractor.
The bridge was designated a Michigan State Historic Site on April 10, 1986, and an informational marker was erected on October 31, 1989. In 1990, the bridge was relegated to pedestrian traffic when a new bridge adjacent to the historic span opened to carry US 12. Instead of demolishing the structure, the Michigan Department of Transportation preserved it as an engineering landmark. On April 4, 1991, the bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Design.
The bridge was built from standardized plans developed by the Michigan State Highway Department by the early 1920s. It is located at the western edge of the Village of Mottville. At in length, it is the longest surviving camelback bridge in Michigan. It consists of three identical, spans built of reinforced concrete, supported by concrete piers and abutments. Reinforced steel girders form its arches. Each arch has five openings above a row of recesses for decorative effect.

</doc>
<doc id="36869158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869158" title="La Cisterna metro station">
La Cisterna metro station

La Cisterna is a station on the Santiago Metro in Santiago, Chile. It is a transfer station between the Line 2 and the Line 4A, and consists of two stations, one built in an open trench and the other partially mined, which are joined by pedestrian tunnels. The station is part of a southward extension of Line 2 from Lo Ovalle metro station. It is named for La Cisterna, the district where the station is located and whose town hall is close to it.
The station on Line 4A occupies the median of an entrenched section of Vespucio Sur Expressway and is spanned by a bridge carrying Gran Avenida, whose central deck forms the roof of the mezzanine of the station.
The side platforms and tracks of the underground station are built within a mined -long tunnel, which is traversed by three tunnels containing a bridge over platforms each. The northernmost and the southernmost tunnels link entrances to the west with a large cut-and-cover box structure to the east, which includes the ticket hall and is adjacent to the Gabriela Mistral intermodal station. 
Pedestrian tunnels, which contain escalators and stairs, connect the mezzanine level of the station on Line 4A to the northernmost portion of the open cut volume and the northernmost access tunnel that perpendicularly intersects the tunnel where Line 2 runs. The southern mouths of the tunnels joining both stations open at the same level as the bridges over the platforms of the mined station.

</doc>
<doc id="36869160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869160" title="2012 Mid-Ohio Sports Car Challenge">
2012 Mid-Ohio Sports Car Challenge

The 2012 Mid-Ohio Sports Car Challenge was a multi-class sports car and GT motor race held at the Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course in Ohio, United States on August 4, 2012. It was the sixth round of the 2012 American Le Mans Series season and the 41st race in the combined history of sportscar races associated with the Mid-Ohio Sports Car Challenge. The race was held over a two hour and 45 minute time period, during which 123 laps of the 3.6 kilometre circuit were completed for a race distance of 447 kilometres.
The race was won by the Muscle Milk Pickett Racing team. German drivers Lucas Luhr and Klaus Graf driving a HPD ARX-03a Honda sports car won by over a lap from their season long P1 class rivals, the Dyson Racing Team run Lola B12/60 sports car. It was the fifth consecutive victory for Luhr and Graf. It was Luhr third outright win at Mid-Ohio and Graf's second. The second Dyson Racing Team Lola-Mazda was in third place near the end of the race when the gearbox failed.
Level 5 Motorsports took their fifth win of the season taking a seven second win in their HPD ARX-03b over their season long rivals, the Conquest Endurance team Morgan LMP2. It was Scott Tucker's fifth win of the season and Christophe Bouchut's fourth win.
Fifth was the second Level 5 Motorsports HPD-Honda ahead of the Prototype Challenge class winners, the PR1/Mathiasan Motorsports pair of Rudy Junco and Marino Franchitti in their Oreca FLM09. It was the team's third victory in the Prototype Challenge class adding to wins at Road America and Road Atlanta in 2011.
Eleventh outright was the GT class winners, Corvette Racing pair of Oliver Gavin and Tommy Milner in their Chevrolet Corvette. Gavin had to endure twenty minutes of pressure from Jörg Bergmeister in the Flying Lizard Motorsports. The margin of victory was just 0.2 seconds.
The GT Challenge class winners, Tim Pappas and Jeroen Bleekemolen, claimed JDX Racing's first win of the year. It was Bleekemolen's second win after the year after winning in Monterey in May with TRG. TRG was second in class with new driver Al Carter and Spencer Pumpelly.
29 of the 32 entries were running at races conclusion.
Race.
Race result.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 70% of their class winner's distance are marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="36869177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869177" title="Hey Eugene (song)">
Hey Eugene (song)

"Hey Eugene!" is a song performed by the band Pink Martini on their third full-length album "Hey Eugene!" released in 2007. The song was written by China Forbes and peaked at #53 in Switzerland in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36869183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869183" title="Charles Paraventi">
Charles Paraventi

Charles Paraventi (born July 4, 1969, New York) is an American-born Brazilian actor.
Biography.
Paraventi was born in 1969 in New York where he began his career doing magic shows for five years at a Brazilian club. As a child, he participated in several plays.
Already in Brazil in 1986, embodied characters and imitated his friends and teachers in amusing satires. His talent for writing texts that you helped to create declamava and played without difficulties. The applause received encouraged him to try life on the stage.

</doc>
<doc id="36869203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869203" title="Daniel Bashta">
Daniel Bashta

Daniel John Bashta (born January 1, 1982, in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American Contemporary Christian singer-songwriter raised in Reserve, Louisiana. On September 6, 2011, Bashta released the album entitled "The Sounds of Daniel Bashta", his first full length studio album with Integrity Music record label. The album charted at No. 39 on the "Billboard" Magazine Christian Albums and Heatseekers, for the week of September 24, 2011. His song "Like A Lion" became a major Christian Radio hit as "God's Not Dead" for the Newsboys.
Background.
Bashta's parents are Richard "Dick", who is a pastor, and Susan.
Personal life.
Bashta is married to Taylor Rigdon Bashta. They have two children and live in Atlanta, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="36869217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869217" title="Viviane Araújo">
Viviane Araújo

Viviane Araújo dos Santos (March 25, 1975 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian photographic model, actress and reality television personality, best known for being the Queen of samba schools "Mancha Verde" in São Paulo and "Salgueiro" in Rio; and the winner of the fifth season of the Brazilian version of "The Farm".
Viviane married pagode singer Belo in 1998. However, after 9 years, the couple announced their separation in 2007. During this period there was intense speculation in the media that Belo had been unfaithful to Viviane with dancer Gracyanne Barbosa, his current wife. Since 2007, she's dating the footballer Radamés.
Career.
"A Fazenda".
On May 28, 2012, Viviane Araújo was officially announced by host Britto Junior as one of the sixteen celebrities contestants on the fifth season of "A Fazenda", the Brazilian version of reality series "The Farm", which aired on Rede Record.
On August 29, 2012, after 93 days, she was crowned the winner of the season, beating actor Felipe Folgosi and drag queen Leo Aquila in the final vote, taking home the R$2 million prize.

</doc>
<doc id="36869220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869220" title="Nicole Bahls">
Nicole Bahls

Nicole Bahls (born Nicole Mariana Barbosa Bahls on November 15, 1985 in Londrina, Paraná) is a Brazilian model and reality television personality, best known for being a panicat (a stage girl on comedy show "Pânico na TV") from 2009 to 2011 and a contestant the fifth season of the Brazilian version of "The Farm".
Career.
"Pânico na TV".
Em 2007, Nicole Bahls rosed to fame after she became a Panicat. Panicats are stage girls dressed in bikinis who dance on the comedy show "Pânico na TV" (2003-2012) and later, "Pânico na Band" (2012- Present). 
In 2010, Nicole did a nude photoshoot for the Brazilian edition of "Playboy magazine", being on the cover of the October issue.
In 2011, Nicole was fired by the show's producers after public fights with her fellow panicat Juliana Salimeni, who was also fired.
"A Fazenda".
On May 29, 2012, Nicole Bahls was officially announced as one of the sixteen celebrities contestants on the fifth season of "A Fazenda", the Brazilian version of reality series "The Farm", which aired on Rede Record.
On August 26, 2012, after 90 days, she was evicted from the farm against eventual winner Viviane Araújo, finishing in fourth place, in the most anticipated eviction of the season, which was billed by many viewers and critics the "real final" of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="36869221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869221" title="Felix Pfeifle">
Felix Pfeifle

Felix Etiennne-Edouard Pfeifle (born September 20, 1969, Fort Collins, Colorado) is an American aesthete and designer best known for his role as principal subject of the documentary film "FELIX AUSTRIA!" (2012) directed and produced by Christine Beebe, co-produced by Robert Dassanowsky and Elfi Dassanowsky. His birth name was Brian Scott Pfeifle and he attended Fred C. Beyer High School in Modesto, California with actors Timothy Olyphant and Jeremy Renner.
Pfeifle graduated from the University of California, Berkeley, where Humanities study allowed him to focus on the culture and history of the fin-de-siecle Austro-Hungarian Empire, which encompassed the opposed forces of the traditionalist Habsburg court and emerging avant-garde modernism in the realms of art, architecture, literature, music, and philosophy. In 1992 Pfeifle was the recipient of a Fulbright Fellowship for study at the University of Vienna, where he focused on the works and theory of Austrian architect Adolf Loos.
While attending the Pratt Institute of Design in 1995, Pfeifle legally changed his first name to Felix, essentially naming himself after the country Austria, whose historical moniker is Felix Austria i.e. “fortunate” Austria, in Latin. (He would later add Etienne-Edouard, “Steven Edward” as homage to his father). Earlier that year Pfeifle inherited a trove of over 100 letters dating to 1937 from the last Crown Prince of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, the Archduke Otto von Habsburg, which would form the basis of the film "FELIX AUSTRIA!" (2012). The film, in part, tells of Pfeifle’s quest to reach the aging Archduke, and to document a series of interviews with him for historical posterity. Its world premiere screening is at the Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival in Toronto April 2013.
A result of this quest is Pfeifle's discovery that the grandfather of a friend, Spanish diplomat Eduardo Propper de Callejón, had given Otto von Habsburg and other members of the former Austrian imperial family visas in France to escape the invading Germans via Spain and Portugal. The Archduke was the only living (gentile) witness who could testify that Propper de Callejon had saved the lives of thousands of Jews during the Second World War through his humanitarian actions in Bordeaux at that time. In 2008 Yad Vashem, the Holocaust Martyrs' and Heroes' Remembrance Authority in Jerusalem recognized Eduardo Propper de Callejon as Righteous Among the Nations based on this new information.
Pfeifle maintains his own firm, Office of Cultural Design, devoted largely to the practice of architectural, interior, and landscape design, but also to any projects of cultural interest to him, such as "FELIX AUSTRIA!", to which Pfeifle also contributed as Art and Research Director. He has taught urban planning theory at the New School for Social Research, co-founded Modern ARTillery in Los Angeles, a non-profit that promotes new works of opera, and has served on the Board of the Greater Los Angeles Fulbright Association. Currently in 2013, Pfeifle is completing a book exploring the layers of cross-cultural, cross-epochal textures in his journey with Otto von Habsburg, in addition to producing a children’s fairy tale book based on his “Archducal Dreams”, which are included in animated form in the film.
Pfeifle is also known for being the subject of numerous paintings and drawings by renowned Austrian artist Christoph Schmidberger, of which one portrait hangs in the Saatchi Gallery at the Duke of York's HQ in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36869225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869225" title="Thomas Cowan (South Australian politician)">
Thomas Cowan (South Australian politician)

Thomas Cowan (5 December 1839 – 14 September 1890) served one term as a member of the South Australian House of Assembly for the Electoral district of Yatala.
Early life.
Cowan who was born in Ireland (now Northern Ireland), was the eldest son of John Cowan, a ploughman and shepherd, and his wife Margaret, née Lammey. Cowan, his parents and 4 younger siblings immigrated to South Australia, arriving in Adelaide on 3 August 1852. 
The family initially settled in North Adelaide where Cowan assisted his father with a horse-drawn taxi business operating between North Adelaide and Adelaide. His father later purchased property at Two Wells (39 km north of Adelaide) where Cowan assisted with the operation of several businesses including a farm, a tavern and a post office. Cowan later started farming in the Two Wells area.
Political career.
Cowan served on the District Council of Port Gawler as a councillor from 1868 to 1872 and as the chairman from 1873 to 1875. 
In 1875, Cowan nominated and was elected to the Electoral district of Yatala. However, the result was ruled invalid when his nomination papers were declared informal. However, he was subsequently elected along with Wentworth Cavanagh in a re-election triggered by the resignation of one of the sitting members, the Hon. Lavington Glyde. Cowan did not re-stand for election in 1878.
Late Life.
During the 1880s, Cowan encountered business difficulties and was on the verge of becoming insolvent.
Cowan considered re-standing for the Electoral district of Yalata when a vacancy was created in July 1890 by the death of James Cowan, his younger brother who was the one of the 2 current sitting members. Cowan nominated but later stood down for medical reasons. The vacancy was subsequently filled by Richard Butler who had unsuccessfully stood for the seat earlier in 1890.
Cowan died on 14 September 1890 at Milang, pre-deceased by his wife which died in June 1890 and survived by five sons including John who would also serve as a South Australian parliamentarian, and one daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="36869248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869248" title="Welcome to Daylight">
Welcome to Daylight

Welcome to Daylight is the second studio album by the Christian Contemporary-Ambient-Rock band Luminate, and was released by the label Sparrow Records on August 28, 2012. The album has charted on "Billboard" Christian Albums chart at No. 30 and on the Heatseekers Albums chart at No. 23. The first single from the album is "Banner of Love", which has had chart success on its own.
Critical review.
About.com's Kim Jones said the album is "filled with beautiful ballads that can wake you up from an auto-pilot type of walk, "Welcome to Daylight" is chock full of authentic and intelligent lyrics that fearlessly pay homage to Jesus and a life lived in His light. Sam Hancock's voice infuses a passion for the band's ministry that draws you in and holds you tight".
AllMusic's Robert Ham said that "Were it not for the faith-based lyrical content and the insignia for well-respected Christian label Sparrow on the album's artwork, Luminate's second full-length could easily fall into the heavily populated middle ground that rests between indie and AOR. That region of the musical world where bands like Keane and Coldplay have found massive commercial success". In addition, Ham found that "In all reality, that makes this Texas-based group feel a little calculated in its efforts, bobbing along with the tide of much of the CCM pack. Many of the tracks on Welcome to Daylight are thick with mostly unnecessary post-production frills".
"CCM Magazine"'s Grace S. Aspinwall said that "though much different than their previous album, the latest release from worship-esque band Luminate is still in the same vein".
Christian Music Zine's Joshua Andre said "it was hard for me to imagine Sam, Cody, Dusty and Aaron topping their already beautifully crafted label debut. However, through 11 tracks and 40 minutes of pop rock goodness akin to progressive worship bands Leeland and The City Harmonic; "Welcome To Daylight" strongly challenges TobyMac and Karyn Williams for the top spot for the last Tuesday of August. Producers Pete Kipley and Chris Stevens have ingeniously created an epic rock/dance soundtrack to God's heart, with lead singer Sam and the band showing listeners that they can make a statement and a stand for God, and still be relevant to society and its issues as well!" In addition, Andre wrote "if "Come Home" was more radio pop friendly, then "Welcome To Daylight" is definitely more rockier, and more sophisticated. Luminate have toiled hard, and their work has certainly paid off, both musically and lyrically". Lastly, Andre noted "what a well thought out and executed concept on these 11 tracks- it is definitely hard to believe that "Welcome To Daylight" is Luminate’s 2nd album! Samuel, Cody, Dusty and Aaron should be very proud of themselves- this explosive pop rock sometime electronic album has the quartet firmly at the top of my favourite albums for this year! And I believe the only way to go is up for this young band! Well done to Chris Stevens and Pete Kipley as well, for masterfully crafting a treasure for the ages!"
Cross Rhythms' Tony Cummings said that "This time around they've developed their musical armoury with deep electronic pop rock sounds. In truth, not everything works". On the other hand, Cummings wrote that "At least one has suggested that Luminate have surpassed their last album and that the influences of The Killers and Maroon 5 make songs like 'Wake Up' must-play items".
Indie Vision Music's Jonathan Andre said ""Welcome to Daylight", Luminate have been able to stretch the musical boundaries to create some of their most lyrically sound and ingeniously choreographed record full of heartfelt songs of humanity in all its struggles and the God who walks beside us giving us the comfort that we need. With comparisons musically and lyrically to pop worship band Leeland and British worship band Delirious?; these four men from Texas have created an album to savour". Furthermore, Andre wrote "with such musical diversity and honest lyrical portrayals of Christ’s love for His creation, "Welcome to Daylight" should never be missed, no matter if you love classical or hard rock. Almost certain to receive a Dove Award nomination for Best Pop Contemporary Album of the Year; Luminate’s sophomore record is one to write in the record books as one to catapult these 4 men into becoming one of Christian music’s most lyrically relevant artists towards young people".
Jesus Freak Hideout's Roger Gelwicks said "with "Welcome to Daylight", however, Luminate seeks to try out far more elements than the last time around, and for the most part, the daring risks they take to broaden their sound are successful". Gelwicks was critical saying ""Welcome to Daylight" in general lacks some of this creative minimalism that made the preceding album engaging". Gelwicks summed up with saying "the exciting aspect of Luminate's approach on "Welcome to Daylight" is that they've evolved in the ways that matter the most: less formulaic songwriting and a more diverse offering in their material. Luminate will be at their very best if they can join these strengths with "Come Home"'s strong points of ease, lyrical honesty, and musically modest grandeur. But with two decent attempts now behind them, Luminate is poised to make something truly spectacular, even if "Welcome to Daylight" isn't quite it".
Louder Than The Music's Jono Davies said "I have to admit I enjoyed the first album "Come Home", maybe a bit predictable at times, but mark my word these guys have gone back into the studio and produced a brilliant new album called "Welcome To Daylight"". Plus, Davies wrote that "for me Luminate have surpassed their last album in a massive way, which isn't always easy to do. They have upped their game and written an album that is one of my favourites this year. Taking in influences from all the modern pop rock bands like The Killers and Maroon 5, but also with a small hint of the likes of All Stars United. Luminate are one band worth checking out sooner rather than later".
New Release Tuesday's Sarah Fine said "I was absolutely captivated by this album from the first note of the opening song. From the bright synthetic elements to the heart-on-your-sleeve songwriting, it's nearly impossible to a fault with this project, and I can listen to the whole thing without skipping a single song. It's easy to see Luminate is a band that is still trying to master their style and distinguish it as their own, but I think they've definitely struck something big with "Welcome To Daylight"". Further, Fine found that the album is "distinct, delightful, and rather unexpected, this is one of my favorite albums of the year, and you'd be doing yourself a great favor by checking it out. Luminate has a 'bright' future ahead of them, and I know that many, now including myself, are looking forward to what lies ahead for this talented group of guys".
New Release Tuesday's Jonathan Francesco said that "Luminate present a passionate musical experience in their latest album, "Welcome to Daylight", that helps to elevate what could've been simply listenable pop/rock tunes to very enjoyable and memorable anthems. I went into this expecting some average pop/rock and was presently surprised at the earnestness in the lyrics and melody and the catchiness of the music". Finally, Francesco noted that "there really is a lot to like here: strong lyrics, catchy hooks, soaring choruses, memorable melodies, and spine-tingling music. There's really not much I found to dislike at all. It may not be the best release of the year, but it's really, really good. Hopefully it'll give Luminate a platform to make a name for themselves and they can do even better on their next album. I'll definitely be paying attention to them more after this; that's for sure".
"Worship Leader"' Randy W. Cross said the album combines "sensitive lyrics with a soundtrack that fills the space with electronic ambiance". Cross noted the positive aspect to this album as being that ""Welcome to Daylight" blends incredible electronic sounds with the message of hope that comes from a relationship with Jesus". Cross noted the lone negative about the album is that it needed "more tracks like 'This Ends Tonight' would provide a break from the foundational synth pop sound pervading "Welcome to Daylight"".

</doc>
<doc id="36869255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869255" title="Concrete curved-chord through girder bridge">
Concrete curved-chord through girder bridge

A concrete curved-chord through girder bridge, commonly known as a camelback bridge, is a type of concrete bridge most common in the U.S. state of Michigan and the Canadian province of Ontario. The type was designed by C.V. Dewart, the first professional bridge engineer of the Michigan State Highway Department. By the early 1920s, the Michigan State Highway Department had produced standardized designs for these bridges in lengths of 50, 60, 70, 75 and 90 feet. The first such bridge in Michigan was built in 1922 over the Raisin River at Tecumseh. By the end of the decade, the design fell out of favor since they could not be widened to handle increasing traffic.
, the longest surviving example in Michigan is the three-span, US 12–St. Joseph River Bridge, built in 1922 in Mottville.

</doc>
<doc id="36869259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869259" title="Allan Fromme">
Allan Fromme

Dr. Allan Fromme (1916–2003) was an American psychologist, teacher, and writer. He became known for what has been characterized as a warmhearted, common-sense approach to life's day-to-day concerns. After graduating from Columbia University, Dr. Fromme spent 50 years as a therapist in New York City. Over this time, he made numerous television and radio appearances, authored multiple articles in popular magazines and wrote eight books. He also taught at City College of New York, Sarah Lawrence College, and Columbia University.
Dr. Fromme's books include "ABC of Child Care", "Our Troubled Selves: A New and Positive Approach", "The Book for Normal Neurotics", "The Ability to Love", 
"Life After Work: Planning It, Living It, Loving It", "A Woman's Critical Years", "The Psychologist Looks at Sex and Marriage", and "How Children Fail" (together with John Holt). Dr. Fromme was also known for his broadcast appearances to offer advice and for several quotable quotes.

</doc>
<doc id="36869270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869270" title="Vilonia High School">
Vilonia High School

Vilonia High School is a comprehensive public high school serving students in grades nine through twelve in Vilonia, Arkansas, United States. It is one of six high schools in Faulkner County and the sole high school administered by the Vilonia School District.
History.
Due to the April 25–28, 2011 tornado outbreak that hit Vilonia, the city received grant money to construct a $1.3 million safe room at the high school to serve the community.
Curriculum.
Vilonia High School has been accredited by AdvancED (formerly North Central Association) since 1987. The assumed course of study follows the Smart Core curriculum developed the Arkansas Department of Education (ADE), which requires students to complete 22 credit units before graduation. Students engage in regular and Advanced Placement (AP) coursework and exams.
Extracurricular activities.
The Vilonia High School mascot is the Eagle with school colors of red and white. The Vilonia Eagles participate in various interscholastic activities in the 5A West Conference administered by the Arkansas Activities Association. The school athletic activities include baseball, basketball (boys/girls), bowling, competitive cheer, cross country (boys/girls), football, golf (boys/girls), softball, swimming and diving (girls), tennis (boys/girls), volleyball, and wrestling. Football games and graduation ceremonies are held at the Phillip D. Weaver Memorial Stadium, which is named in honor of the 1985 graduate who died November 17, 1985 in an automobile accident.
Between 1982 and 1992, the boys cross country team took home four state championship trophies. In fast-pitch softball, the girls won state titles in 1996 and 2007. In 2005 and 2006, the boys bowling team won the state championship. In 2010 and 2011, the girls equaled the boys team by winning back-to-back state bowling championships.
Beyond athletic activities, students participate in a full range of clubs and organizations including Chess Club, Choir, Student Council, National Beta Club, Future Business Leaders of America (FBLA), Future Farmers of America (FFA), Mu Alpha Theta (math honor society), Student Reporters, Fellowship of Christian Athletes (FCA), Family, Career and Community Leaders of America (FCCLA), Health Occupations Students of America (HOSA), and Band.

</doc>
<doc id="36869275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869275" title="Battle of Vich">
Battle of Vich

The Battle of Vich or Battle of Vic on 20 February 1810 saw a Spanish force under Henry O'Donnell suddenly attack a 5,500-man Imperial French division led by Joseph Souham. After bitter fighting the French prevailed, forcing O'Donnell's men to retreat. The engagement occurred during the Peninsular War, part of the Napoleonic Wars. Vic is located north of Barcelona in the province of Catalonia. 
One month after his lieutenant Luis González Torres de Navarra, Marquess of Campoverde scored a victory in the Battle of Mollet, O'Donnell found that Souham's division was isolated at Vic. He assembled a small army of 7,000 regular infantry and 500 cavalry at Moià and arranged for the miquelets (Catalan militia) to join him in attacking Vic. On 19 February, 3,500 miquelets led by Francesc Rovira i Sala and Francisco Milans del Bosch began skirmishing with Souham's outposts. The next day, O'Donnell led his regulars to the assault from a different direction. While a French force in the town held off Rovira and Milans, the main forces battled in the plain. The contest hung in the balance until the 1,500-saber Imperial cavalry contingent overwhelmed O'Donnell's right wing. The French lost 600 casualties, including Souham badly wounded, while inflicting losses of 800 killed and wounded and capturing 1,000 more. 

</doc>
<doc id="36869276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869276" title="Kagapujandar">
Kagapujandar

Sri Kagapujandar ("Tamil:காகபுஜண்டர்") is considered to be an eminent siddha in Siddhar tradition of the Hindu religion, a saint who has reached particularly exalted a high degree of physical and spiritual perfection. According to legend he lived around the 7th century CE and his samadhi is at Uraiyur, Trichy, Tamil Nadu. His birth star is Ayilyam. Sri Kagapujandar was mentioned by Karuvoorar and author K.S.Pillai as one of the 18 siddhars (பதினென் சித்தர்கள்).
He also called as Kagapusundi, Kagapusundar, and Pujankar.
A song from His book "Gnanam 80"
- People search God in this world, i.e outside, ignoring that God resides within us.
Legends about Kagapujandar.
Sri Kagapujandar, according to legend, has seen many destructions of the universe(pralaya) and recreation of new one as a crow, hence the name Kaga. Kagam in Tamil means crow. Sri Kagapujandar is the master in the art of Immortality. He is the one who gives diksha (initiation) to Lord Shiva in every era. Sri Kagapujandar gave upadhesa (instruction) to Sri Vashistar, guru of Sri Rama.
Siddhar Sri Roma rishi is said to be son of Sri Kagapujandar.
Once the gods Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva ended up in a heated argument to know who is the eldest, finally Narada told them that there is only one Maharishi who can tell who is the eldest. Trimurti wondered how old that Maharishi would have to be, in order to know who is the eldest. They came to know that Sri Kagapujandar who seen many apocalypse, beginning of new era and new Trimurthi for every era. Trimurthi praised Sri Kagapujandar as a remarkable one and great siddha.
Books.
Sri Kagapujandar wrote many books in Tamil, written in palm leaves; most have been lost. Those remainings found are transferred into paper with the help of siddhas and palm readers. The book "Perunool kaviyam 1000" (Tamil:பெருநூல் காவியம் 1000) has an account of most of the siddhas. Below listed the songs where the particular siddhas are mentioned.

</doc>
<doc id="36869306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869306" title="Doug Miller (American football)">
Doug Miller (American football)

Doug Miller (October 29, 1969–July 21, 1998) is a former professional American football linebacker in the National Football League. Miller played in 23 games for the San Diego Chargers from 1993 to 1994. He died in 1998 after being struck by lightning during a camping trip in Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="36869307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869307" title="Jamize Olawale">
Jamize Olawale

Jamize Olawale (born April 17, 1989) is an American football running back for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League (NFL). He was signed by the Dallas Cowboys as an undrafted free agent in 2012. He played college football at North Texas.
College career.
He played college football at North Texas.
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys.
In 2012, He was signed by the Cowboys as an undrafted free agent and placed on their practice squad.
Oakland Raiders.
On December 4, 2013, the Oakland Raiders, hampered by injuries to running backs Darren McFadden and Mike Goodson signed Olawale to their active roster.

</doc>
<doc id="36869336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869336" title="List of communes in Bến Tre Province">
List of communes in Bến Tre Province

This is a list of communes in Bến Tre Province by district.

</doc>
<doc id="36869347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869347" title="WTP Advisors">
WTP Advisors

WTP Advisors is an international-tax advisory and consultancy firm. Inc. Magazine ranked the company as one of the fastest growing businesses in the United States in 2011 and 2012. The 2012 Inc. 500 and 5000 survey ranked WTP Advisors at 1,184; within the business products and services category, the company ranked 75th. The company was founded in 2005 by Ian Boccaccio, Michael Minihan, David Wain and James Fyhrie all former employees of PricewaterhouseCoopers. The partners saw an opportunity to provide international tax consulting for small and medium businesses and be competitive with the “Big Four” accounting firms: PricewaterhouseCoopers, Ernst & Young, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and KPMG.
History.
Ian Boccaccio, Michael Minihan, David Wain and James Fyhrie founded WTP Advisors in 2005. The company was originally known as Worldwide Trade Partners LLC. The founders planned to meet the tax advisory and compliance needs of small multinational companies. Boccaccio, Wain and Fyhrie formerly worked in the Quantitative Solutions division of PricewaterhouseCoopers, while Minihan served as a senior international tax advisor.
The early goal of WTP Advisors was to offer small companies a more efficient and affordable tax solution than that offered by any of the Big Four accounting firms. The partners believed that matching dedicated experts with each client, rather than temporary consultants or fresh college graduates, represented a more compelling business model. Early expansion of WTP Advisors included the opening of offices throughout the United States in locations such as Minneapolis, Chicago, Denver, and Cleveland.
Operations.
WTP Advisors is headquartered in White Plains, New York, and has offices in cities across North and South America, Asia, and Europe. The company operates both a tax advisory and business advisory service. Major client industries include consumer products, defense, digital media, manufacturing, real estate, asset management, technology and pharmaceuticals. 
Growth.
Beginning in 2010, WTP Advisors’ growth strategy included the creation of referral and affiliate programs throughout the world’s major economic markets. Programs in Canada, France, Spain, Ireland, Australia, and Japan connected global corporations with the services of WTP Advisors.
Early 2012 witnessed further growth for WTP Advisors. Firms in Argentina, Brazil, India, Indonesia, Korea, and the Philippines joined the affiliate program. From its four founders, WTP Advisors grew to 26 consultants in 2008. By 2009, that number had grown to more than 40. As of early 2012, WTP Advisors employed 75 tax and finance professionals.
A primary factor that drives growth for WTP Advisors is a demand for highly skilled tax and financial professionals.
Avalon Lake Partners.
In September 2012 WTP Advisors announced that Lou Sala, Jay Goldstein, and Ilicia Silverman would be leaving the firm to establish Avalon Lake Partners. The new firm offers advisory services primarily for hedge funds, private equity, and single family offices. In early 2012 the Avalon Lake team released a software reporting tool that can be used for filing Form PF, a regulatory reporting obligation used to measure systemic risks in U.S. markets. Avalon Lake Partners is headquartered in New York City is and is led by CEO Lou Sala.
Philanthropy.
Through the VITA (Volunteer Income Tax Assistance) program, WTP employees donate their time to help low-income individuals file income tax returns. The company also provides support to Streetwise, an organization focused on helping underprivileged students earn college admission. 
WTP Advisors also contributes monetary gifts to DOMUS, a local non-profit group that provides help for needy children and families. DOMUS operates charter schools and residential programs that give physical and emotional support to low-income individuals.
The tournament program at Sterling Farms Golf Course is sponsored in large part by contributions from WTP Advisors. The course is located in nearby Stamford, Connecticut, and is rated as one of the best public courses in the state. With the sponsorship of WTP Advisors, citizens are able to compete on the course at deeply discounted rates.

</doc>
<doc id="36869357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869357" title="Acridini">
Acridini

Acridini is a tribe of insects in the subfamily Acridinae (silent slant-faced grasshoppers) of the insect family Acrididae. Insects of this tribe are usually slender and like other members of the subfamily Acridinae lack stridulatory pegs and are silent.

</doc>
<doc id="36869372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869372" title="Conflict Kitchen">
Conflict Kitchen

Conflict Kitchen is a take-out restaurant in Pittsburgh that serves only ethnic foods from states with which the United States is in conflict (i.e. members of the "axis of evil" or rogue states). The restaurant only serves food from one nation at a time, changing every six months; the changeover is celebrated with a small festival and music from the new nation. Currently the cuisine of Afghanistan is on the menu. Since the opening in 2010, the cuisine of Iran, Afghanistan, Venezuela and Cuba have also been featured. In May 2012, it was reported that on a good day, the restaurant would serve between 30 to 50 customers. 
By 2013, it was serving 100 to 300 daily at the Schenley Plaza location. The project was described by NPR as "an experimental public art project — and the medium is the sandwich wrap."
Conflict Kitchen is a project by Carnegie Mellon University art professor Jon Rubin and Dawn Weleski. The kitchen is supported by profits from the sale of food, "", the Benter Foundation, the Center for the Arts in Society, and the Studio for Creative Inquiry. The early stage was supported with a $7,000 seed grant from the Pittsburgh-based Sprout Fund. Each re-design is assisted by members of the local ethnic community in Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University.
According to Rubin, "Conflict Kitchen reformats the preexisting social relations of food and economic exchange to engage the general public in discussions about countries, cultures and people that they might know little about outside of the polarizing rhetoric of U.S. politics and the narrow lens of media headlines."
The kitchen was featured on the cover of the September 2012 issue of "American Journal of Public Health" focused on "Hunger and Health."
The first iteration, Iranian cuisine, was called "Kubideh Kitchen" and featured kubideh; during the Afghan phase, the restaurant was called "Bolani Pazi" and served bolani; the Venezuelan cuisine version was titled "La Cocina Arepas" and served arepas; the Cuban cuisine phase was called "Cocina Cuban" and served lechon asado and yuca con mojo. During a trip to Cuba for research, Rubin visited the North Korean embassy in Vedado. He rang the doorbell, unannounced, and was given helpful advice on North Korean cuisine from a diplomat who answered the door.
The East Liberty location was closed in 2012, with plans to turn the restaurant into a sit down eatery in Downtown Pittsburgh. The move and expansion is supported by a $25,000 Root Award from the Sprout Fund.
In April 2013, a new location opened in Schenley Plaza. The first menu was Iranian, in honor of the June 2013 Iranian presidential election.

</doc>
<doc id="36869391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869391" title="Jang Young-nam">
Jang Young-nam

Jang Young-nam (born November 25, 1973) is a South Korean actress. She began her career as an acclaimed actress in theater, then transitioned to supporting roles on television and film, notably in works by director Jang Jin. In 2013, she played her first onscreen leading role in the crime drama "Azooma".

</doc>
<doc id="36869411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869411" title="Moscow 1935 chess tournament">
Moscow 1935 chess tournament

Moscow 1935 was the second international chess tournament held in Moscow, taking place from 15 February to 15 March 1935. Salo Flohr and future world champion Mikhail Botvinnik tied for first, followed by former world champions Emanuel Lasker and José Raúl Capablanca.
Tournament field.
The single round-robin tournament was organized along the lines of Moscow 1925, with twelve Soviet players and eight international players. Of the twelve Soviets, only four, Grigory Levenfish, Peter Romanovsky, Ilya Rabinovich, and Fedir Bohatyrchuk, had played at the 1925 event.
Salo Flohr (Czechoslovakia) was internationally renowned and considered a world championship contender. Later, Flohr would be in the inaugural group to receive the grandmaster title when it was introduced by FIDE in 1950. Mikhail Botvinnik (Soviet Union) was a rising star at age 24 and two years earlier had drawn a match with Flohr. He would later become world champion in 1948. Botvinnik and Flohr (together with Levenfish) jumped out to an early lead in the tournament. After round 15, Flohr led Botvinnik by half a game. Botvinnik won in round 16 while Flohr only drew to bring the two into a first-place tie, the tournament's ultimate result as both players drew all their games in the final three rounds. Botvinnik had scored only 50% in his final nine games.
Emanuel Lasker (Germany) and José Raúl Capablanca (Cuba) were former world champions. At age 66, Lasker defeated Capablanca in their individual game and finished third, a half game ahead of Capablanca in fourth place. Rudolph Spielmann (Austria), finished fifth.

</doc>
<doc id="36869424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869424" title="Fu (surname)">
Fu (surname)

Fu is a common spelling for some Chinese surnames, such as 傅, 符, 苻, 付, 扶, 伏, and 富.
傅.
It is a fairly common surname among the Manchu people. During the Qing Dynasty, there was an ongoing process of Sinicization and many Manchurian clans such as the Fu, Fuca, Fugiya, Fuciri, Fulkuru, Fujuri and Fulha adopted 傅 or 富 as their Han surname.
People (in chronological order).
Li Cunshen(862-June 16, 924); which Surname Li was given by emperor.
Fu Pi (? - 386 AD)
扶.
Fu Sheng 3rd century BC
Fu Bi (1004 - 1083 AD)

</doc>
<doc id="36869436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869436" title="Hòa Lộc, Bến Tre">
Hòa Lộc, Bến Tre

Hòa Lộc is a commune of Mỏ Cày Bắc District, Bến Tre Province, Vietnam. The commune covers 13.32 km². In 1999 it had a population of 9,159 and a population density of 688 inhabitants/km².

</doc>
<doc id="36869441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869441" title="Sigma Piscium">
Sigma Piscium

Sigma Piscium (Sigma Psc, σ Piscium, σ Psc) is a yellow G-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +5.50. It is approximately 414 light years from Earth. It is also a double lined spectroscopic binary system with a orbital period of 81 days.
Sigma Piscium is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 23.5 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 24,300 and 29,400 light years from the center of the Galaxy.
Naming.
In Chinese, (), meaning "Legs (asterism)", refers to an asterism consisting of refers to an asterism consisting of σ Piscium, η Andromedae, 65 Piscium, ζ Andromedae, ε Andromedae, δ Andromedae, π Andromedae, ν Andromedae, μ Andromedae, β Andromedae, τ Piscium, 91 Piscium, υ Piscium, φ Piscium, χ Piscium and ψ1 Piscium. Consequently, σ Piscium itself is known as (, .)

</doc>
<doc id="36869453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869453" title="Micron (journal)">
Micron (journal)

Micron is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of microscopy. It was established in 1969 and is published by Elsevier.

</doc>
<doc id="36869466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869466" title="Hưng Khánh Trung A">
Hưng Khánh Trung A

Hưng Khánh Trung A is a commune (xã) of Mỏ Cày Bắc District, Bến Tre Province, Vietnam. The commune covers an area of 13.32 km². In 1999 it had a population of 8,760.

</doc>
<doc id="36869484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869484" title="Khánh Thạnh Tân">
Khánh Thạnh Tân

Khánh Thạnh Tân is a commune of Mỏ Cày Bắc District, Bến Tre Province, Vietnam. The commune covers 13.4 km². In 1999 it had a population of 11,665 and a population density of 871 inhabitants/km².

</doc>
<doc id="36869500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869500" title="Nhuận Phú Tân">
Nhuận Phú Tân

Nhuận Phú Tân is a rural commune of Mỏ Cày Bắc District, Bến Tre Province, Vietnam. The commune covers 18.47 km², with a population of 13,136 in 1999, and a population density of 711 inhabitants/km².

</doc>
<doc id="36869524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869524" title="Phú Mỹ, Bến Tre">
Phú Mỹ, Bến Tre

Phú Mỹ is a rural commune of Mỏ Cày Bắc District, Bến Tre Province, Vietnam. The commune covers 7.13 km². In 1999 it had a population of 6,132 and a population density of 860 inhabitants/km².

</doc>
<doc id="36869556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869556" title="Phước Mỹ Trung">
Phước Mỹ Trung

Phước Mỹ Trung is a rural commune of Mỏ Cày Bắc District, Bến Tre Province, Vietnam. The commune covers 8.25 km², with a population of 7,303 in 1999, and a population density of 885 inhabitants/km². It is a seat of Mỏ Cày Bắc District.

</doc>
<doc id="36869577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869577" title="Tân Phú Tây">
Tân Phú Tây

Tân Phú Tây is a rural commune of Mỏ Cày Bắc District, Bến Tre Province, Vietnam. The commune covers 10.2 km². In 1999 it had a population of 7,262 and a population density of 712 inhabitants/km².

</doc>
<doc id="36869593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869593" title="Tân Thành Bình">
Tân Thành Bình

Tân Thành Bình is a rural commune of Mỏ Cày Bắc District, Bến Tre Province, Vietnam. The commune covers 18.33 km², with a population of 12,968 in 1999, and a population density of 707 inhabitants/km².

</doc>
<doc id="36869596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869596" title="Tân Thanh Tây">
Tân Thanh Tây

Tân Thanh Tây is a rural commune of Mỏ Cày Bắc District, Bến Tre Province, Vietnam. The commune covers 10.34 km². In 1999 it had a population of 6,603 and a population density of 639 inhabitants/km².

</doc>
<doc id="36869598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869598" title="Siim">
Siim

Siim is an Estonian masculine given name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36869599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869599" title="Thành An, Bến Tre">
Thành An, Bến Tre

Thành An is a rural commune of Mỏ Cày Bắc District, Bến Tre Province, Vietnam. The commune covers 11.32 km². In 1999 it had a population of 8,106 and a population density of 716 inhabitants/km².

</doc>
<doc id="36869612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869612" title="Castrol Awards for Cricketing Excellence">
Castrol Awards for Cricketing Excellence

Initiated in 1997-98, the Castrol Awards for Cricketing Excellence recognizes outstanding performances by Indian cricketers - past, present and future.
Special Awards.
Rahul Dravid – Highest number of catches in Test matches
Yusuf Pathan – Impact Cricketer
Awarding Methodology.
Castrol Indian Cricketer of the Year Award.
The winner is selected through a process that has two stages.
In the first stage, performances by Indians in Tests and one-day internationals in the Castrol Cricket Year are rated in the following categories:
Aggregate - Tests / ODIs; Wickets - Tests / ODIs; Batting average – Tests / ODIs; Bowling average - Tests / ODIs; Catches taken - Tests / ODIs.
Points are then allotted to each player in each of the categories in descending order. Thus, the highest scorer in tests gets 10 points, the second-highest gets 9 points, the third-highest gets 8 and so on. Similarly, the highest scorer in one-day internationals gets 10 points, the second highest gets 9 and so on. The same holds for the other categories. 
At the end of the Castrol Year, the aggregate of the points gained by every player in all ten categories is computed and the players with the top five aggregates are declared the nominees for the Castrol Indian Cricketer of the Year Award.
In the second stage, a 'ballot form' comprising the names of the five nominees and a summary of their performances in tests and one-day internationals (with stats) is sent to all the living cricketers who have represented India in at least one test or five one-day internationals. They are asked to 'vote' for one of the five nominees and the player who receives the highest number of votes is declared the winner. The voting is by secret ballot and is monitored by Professional Management Group.
Castrol Junior Cricketer of the Year.
Performances of under-19 cricketers in under-19 / under-17 / under-15 level tournaments in the CASTROL Year are taken into account, as also performances in the Ranji Trophy by cricketers from this age-group. Maximum weightage is given to cricketers who have represented India in international junior-level tournaments like the Under-19 World Cup / Asia Cup or have been part of the India 'A' team on overseas tours.
Performances are scrutinized and a list of 15 players is sent to a panel of judges who have been associated with junior cricket. They are asked to recommend five nominees for the award and then pick one from among the five whom they feel deserves the award the most.
Lifetime Achievement Award.
This award is presented to a personality who has brought laurels to Indian cricket with consistent and outstanding performances that earned him the adulation of the countrymen and respect of his opponents.

</doc>
<doc id="36869620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36869620" title="Christian Friedrich von Otto">
Christian Friedrich von Otto

Christian Friedrich von Otto (26 October 1758 – 8 September 1836) was a Württemberger official and politician.
Life and career.
Otto was born on 26 October 1758 in Dettingen unter Teck, as the son of a Protestant minister. After attending high school in Stuttgart, he studied law with Carl Christopher Hofacker (1749–1793) at the University of Tübingen. Later, he moved to the University of Strasbourg and focused on the Supreme Court in Colmar with French law. This helped him prepare his dissertation, and in 1780 he obtained his doctorate and worked as a lawyer.
Secretary of the Duke.
In 1786, he became secretary of Charles Eugene, Duke of Württemberg. In 1792, he was appointed Minister and assessor of the court. He later established the Kingdom of Württemberg. After 1806, he took over the Police Department of the Upper Württemberg and the Regional Economics College.
Napoleonic Wars.
During the Napoleonic Wars, he added the position of Commissioner-General for supply of foreign troops. This included the management of financial and material logistics and the hospital system. In 1811, he became Head of the Local Government and a member of the newly established Württemberg State Council. In 1814 he acquired the Grand Cross of Civil Merit Württemberg, which was connected with German nobility. In 1815, he took care of the financial compensation of the troops stationed in France the Württemberg army and the army of the Grand Duchy of Hesse by the French Treasury. In 1818 He acquired the Order of the Crown (Württemberg). He died in Stuttgart on 8 September 1836.

</doc>
