<doc id="36758926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758926" title="Target peptide">
Target peptide

A target peptide is a short (3-70 amino acids long) peptide chain that directs the transport of a protein to a specific region in the cell, including the nucleus, mitochondria, endoplasmic reticulum (ER), chloroplast, apoplast, peroxisome and plasma membrane. Some target peptides are cleaved from the protein by signal peptidases after the proteins are transported.
Types by protein destination.
Secretion.
Almost all proteins that are destined to the secretory pathway have a sequence consisting of 5-30 hydrophobic amino acids on the N-terminus, which is commonly referred to as the signal peptide, signal sequence or leader peptide. Signal peptides form alpha-helical structures. Proteins that contain such signals are destined for either extra-cellular secretion, the plasma membrane, the lumen or membrane of either the (ER), Golgi or endosomes. Certain membrane-bound proteins are targeted to the secretory pathway by their first transmembrane domain, which resembles a typical signal peptide.
In prokaryotes, signal peptides direct the newly synthesized protein to the SecYEG protein-conducting channel, which is present in the plasma membrane. A homologous system exists in eukaryotes, where the signal peptide directs the newly synthesized protein to the Sec61 channel, which shares structural and sequence homology with SecYEG, but is present in the endoplasmic reticulum. Both the SecYEG and Sec61 channels are commonly referred to as the translocon, and transit through this channel is known as translocation. While secreted proteins are threaded through the channel, transmembrane domains may diffuse across a lateral gate in the translocon to partition into the surrounding membrane.
ER-Retention Signal.
In eukaryotes, most of the newly synthesized secretory proteins are transported from the ER to the Golgi apparatus. If these proteins have a particular 4-amino-acid retention sequence, KDEL (lys-asp-glu-leu), on their C-terminus, they are retained in the ER or are routed back to the ER (in instances where they escape) via interaction with the KDEL receptor in the Golgi apparatus.
Nucleus.
A "nuclear localization signal" (NLS) is a target peptide that directs proteins to the nucleus and is often a unit consisting of five basic, positively-charged amino acids. The NLS normally is located anywhere on the peptide chain.
Nucleolus.
The nucleolus within the nucleus can be targeted with a sequence called a "nucleolar localization signal" (abbreviated NoLS or NOS).
Mitochondria.
The "mitochondrial targeting signal" is a 10-70 amino acid long peptide that directs a newly synthesized proteins to the mitochondria. It is found at the N-terminus and consists of an alternating pattern of hydrophobic and positively charged amino acids to form what is called an amphipathic helix. Mitochondrial targeting signals can contain additional signals that subsequently target the protein to different regions of the mitochondria, such as the mitochondrial matrix.
Like signal peptides, mitochondrial targeting signals are cleaved once targeting is complete.
Peroxisome.
There are two types of target peptides directing to peroxisome, which are called "peroxisomal targeting signals" (PTS). One is PTS1, which is made of three amino acids on the C-terminus. The other is PTS2, which is made of a 9-amino-acid sequence often present on the N-terminus of the protein.
Examples of target peptides.
H2N is the N-terminus of a protein. COOH is the C-Terminus of a protein.

</doc>
<doc id="36758937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758937" title="Major John Buchanan">
Major John Buchanan

Major John Buchanan (born in January 12, 1759) was an American frontiersman and one of the founders of present-day Nashville, Tennessee, best known for defending his fort, Buchanan Station, from an attack by several hundred Native American Indians on September 30, 1792.
Origins.
Major John Buchanan's roots can be traced to Anselan O Kyan, the son of the King of Ulster Dermond O Kyan of Ireland and the founder of the Buchanan clan. Anselan fled Ireland and landed on the northern coast of Argyll, Scotland near The Lennox north of the present day city of Glasgow, around the year 1016. Anselan assisted Malcolm II of Scotland in repelling his old enemies, the Danes, on two different occasions. Anselan received a grant of land in the north of Scotland, East of Loch Lomond. The Buchanan name bears a unique Coat of Arms and specific war cry granted to Anselan.
Major John Buchanan was the great-grandson of Thomas Buchanan, who left Scotland in 1702 as one of six brothers (John, William, George, Thomas, Samuel, and Alexander) and one sister to resettle in County Donegal, Ireland. Thomas Buchanan and his wife, Jane Trimble, emigrated to America as among the earliest colonists in North America, initially settling in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, where Major John Buchanan was born in 1759.
Settlement in Cumberland.
Twenty-year-old John Buchanan (later called “Major John”) and his family arrived at the future Nashville during the unusually cold winter of 1779-1780, ahead of James Robertson’s founding party according to several historians. After losing his brother Alexander at Ft. Nashborough’s 1781 “Battle of the Bluff” and Major John Buchanan wrote Nashville’s first book, "John Buchanan’s Book of Arithmetic".
After living approximately four years at Fort Nashborough, Buchanan and his family moved a few miles east and established Buchanan’s Station on Mill Creek, at today’s Elm Hill Pike and Massman Drive in Nashville. Around 1786, Major John married Margaret Kennedy, who died after giving birth to their first and only child, John Buchanan II (technically John III), born on May 15, 1787. His second wife, Sarah Buchanan, bore thirteen children: George, Alexander, Elizabeth, Samuel, William, Jane T., James B., Moses R., Sarah V., Charles B., Richard G., Henry R., and Nancy M.
As G.R. McGee writes in "A History of Tennessee from 1663 to 1905", “n the summer of 1780 the Indians began to kill the settlers and hunter that they found alone or in small parties, and this was kept up all the season. There was no open attach upon the settlements, but if a man went out to gather corn, to hunt, to feed his stock, or to visit a neighbor he was in constant danger of being shot by an Indian hidden away in a thicket or canebrake.”
Attack on Buchanan's Station.
Major John Buchanan’s station was located on Mill Creek and consisting of a few building surrounded by a picket stockade and a blockhouse at the front gate overlooking the creek some four miles south of the infant settlement of Nashville. For most of the 19th century, Buchanan's Station was widely remembered as a symbol of the determination that created the State of Tennessee.
Recently founded Nashville consisted of only about sixty families, and it was isolated in a hostile and threatening wilderness. Communications with the nearest settlements, Knoxville in eastern Tennessee and Natchez further south on the Mississippi, were long and precarious. Although the ultimate responsibility for the area had been transferred from North Carolina to the United States federal government in 1790, neither entity had the will or resources to offer the small outpost effective protection. Ranged against it were Native Americans, understandably aggrieved at the loss of traditional territory, and international powers. Threatened by the rise of the new American republic, Britain and Spain both encouraged Indian confederacies to resist its expansion and create a buffer between it and their own colonial possessions. North of the Ohio, the British saw Indians as an essential part of the defense of Canada, while Baron Carondelet, the governor of Spanish territory south of the 31st parallel and west of the Mississippi, armed the southern Indians and urged them to unite against the Americans. It was time, one Spanish correspondent wrote, to “place an obstacle to the rapid western progress of the Americans and raise a barrier between these enterprising people and the Spanish possessions.” In these circumstances the positions of isolated American pioneer settlements was unenviable, and in 1792 Bledsoe’s and Ziegler’s stations north of Nashville were overrun by parties of Indians smaller than the one that attacked Buchanan’s later in the year.
The assault on Buchanan’s Station was not a simple raid, but an attempt to wipe out the Nashville settlements entirely, backed by Spanish arms and supplies secured in Pensacola. Some four hundred Cherokees, Creeks, and Shawnees under the command of a mixed blood Cherokee leader named John Watts advanced upon Nashville from their towns on the lower Tennessee River. Supposing that the outlying station of Buchanan could be disposed of quickly, the Indians attempted a surprise attack at midnight. The station contained only a handful of defenders, some fifteen men, who manned the port-holes while their women and children, led by Major John's wife Sarah Buchanan, moulded bullets, reloaded muskets and rifles, and supplied sustenance. During a furious fight, the Indians attempted to storm the palisade and to set fire to the roof of the blockhouse, but they were repelled two hours. Among significant casualties, the Indians lost Cheeseekau, the Shawnee leader who had taken Ziegler’s Station and was the older brother and mentor of the famous Tecumseh, who some scholars argue was present as a young warrior.
Sally Ridley Buchanan.
It was during this nighttime “Battle of Buchanan’s Station” that Major John’s eighteen-year-old wife, Sarah (“Sally”) Ridley Buchanan, in her ninth month of pregnancy with the first of their thirteen children, earned national fame. She encouraged the men, reassured the women and children, molded much-needed ammunition reportedly by melting down her dinnerware, and provided the voice of victory throughout the seemingly hopeless pandemonium. For her uncommon valor, she was known as the "Heroine of Buchanan Station" and biographer Elizabeth Ellet referred to her as “the Greatest Heroine of the West.” Sally was heralded in magazines and newspapers from as far away as Boston as well as listed in at least two national encyclopedias of biography (Appleton’s and Herringshaw’s).
Historical Implications.
The heroic defense at Buchanan’s saved Nashville, which was unprepared after dismissing rumours of an Indian onslaught as erroneous. On their part, the Indians recoiled, splitting into small parties that caused considerable damage to outlying homesteads but abandoned the major attack on Nashville. Nor was any like invasion attempted again. The defense of Buchanan’s Station not only spared Nashville, but raised the morale of the pioneers at a dark and difficult time, and was frequently recalled in the following decades as a symbol of the courage and determination of the founders of the state of Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="36758951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758951" title="Russian language in the United States">
Russian language in the United States

The Russian language is among the top fifteen most spoken languages in the United States. Since the dissolution of the Soviet Union, many Russians have migrated to the United States and brought the language with them. Most Russian speakers in the United States today are Russian Jews. According to the 2010 United States Census the number of Russian speakers was 854,955, which made Russian the 12th most spoken language in the country.
History.
The first Russians to land on the New World were explorers, who reached Alaska in 1648. More than 200 years later, in 1867, Alaska was sold to the United States by Czar Alexander II. Many Russian settlers returned to Russia, but a small number of them remained. In 1882 there were 16,918 Russian speakers in the US, and that number gradually increased to 387,416 by 1899.
In the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, many Russian Jews migrated to the United States, fleeing persecution at home. Though many spoke Yiddish, most knew Russian. Millions also left Russia after the 1917 Bolshevik Revolution. The 1920 US Census identified 392,049 United States citizens born in Russia; the statistics from a decade before that showed only 57,926 Russian-born Americans. Most of the newcomers were White émigré. The Russian immigration slowed in the 1930s and 1940s due to restrictions imposed by the Stalin government. The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service listed 14,016 Russian immigrants entering the country from 1930 to 1944. Most of those people were citizens of the USSR who refused to return to their country from the trips abroad, so called "nevozvrashchentsy".
The next big wave of immigration started in 1970s. Soviet Jews had almost unlimited opportunities for entering the U.S., and many did so. Russian-speaking Jews constitute about 80% of all immigrants from the former Soviet states.
Demographics.
Education.
Russian speakers are more likely to have a higher education degree than the national average. 92% of them have a high school diploma and 51% a bachelor's degree. 75% of Russian-speakers speak English "well" or "very well" according to the 2007 data of the U.S. Census Bureau.
In contrast to the prevalence of language schools among other immigrant communities in the U.S., such as Chinese and Korean, there are relatively few schools dedicated to preserving the Russian language among heritage speakers. As a result, many heritage speakers enroll in Russian language programs in college, which are geared primarily toward non-native speakers. While this has a positive effect on enrollment numbers in these programs, heritage speakers often exhibit idiosyncratic language forms that are acceptable in the émigré community but constitute errors in traditional Russian.
Distribution.
Like most Russian Americans, Russian-speakers are concentrated in major urban areas. The New York metropolitan area contains by far the largest number of Russian-speakers. Brooklyn became home to the largest Russian-speaking community in the United States; most notably, Brighton Beach has a large number of recent Russian immigrants and is also called "Little Odessa". The New York state's Russian-speaking population was 218,765 in 2000, which comprised about 30% of all Russian-speakers in the nation. California came second, with 118,382 speakers, followed by Michigan (40,372), New Jersey (38,566), Illinois (38,05), Massachusetts (32,580), Pennsylvania (32,189), Washington (31,339), and Ohio (17,594). In California, as of 2000, the highest density of Russian speakers (21% of total population) was observed in the ZIP code 90046, corresponding to the city of West Hollywood and the Hollywood Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles. Statewide, the city of San Francisco accounted for about 14% of all Russian speakers, the ZIP codes of Hollywood and West Hollywood accounted for 12%, and northeast Sacramento accounted for 8%. Alaska holds the title for having the oldest Russian-speaking community (some Alaskans even still speak the old Russian colonial dialect, though it's in big decline), dating back to the 1700s, although in much smaller numbers than other areas in the United States.
Viability.
In terms of viability, the state of the Russian language in the US is much better compared to other European languages (such as French and German), although a considerable minority of the children born to Russian speaking parents are raised up as monolingual English speakers. According to the 2010 Census data, 14.7% of the Russian speakers in the US are aged between 5 and 17. This is significantly lower than the English speakers (18.8% aged 5–17), but much higher when compared to speakers of Polish (11.3%) and Hungarian (6.8%). Russian speaking population is younger in states with large Old Believer or former-USSR Evangelical concentrations, such as Alaska and Oregon.
Table: Percentage of people aged 5 to 17 years among the Russian speaking population in the US, according to the 2010 Census <br>
Note: Total excludes children under 5 years of age, living in Russian speaking households
Media.
Newspapers.
The first Russian-language newspaper in the United States, "Svoboda" ("Freedom"), was published in 1867–1871; it was known as the "Alaska Herald" in English. Dozens of short-lived Russian newspaper were published until 1940. "Russkaya Reklama" (Russian Advertisement) weekly, founded in 1993 in Brooklyn, New York, is the largest Russian-language newspaper in the US, with a circulation of over 100,000. It consists of yellow pages with classified ads.
"Novoe russkoe slovo" (The New Russian Word), published since 1910, was the longest published Russian daily newspaper until 2009, when it went weekly.
Two years later, in 2011, the only Russian-language daily, the "Reporter" (Репортер), began to be published in New York.
"Vecherniy New York" (The Evening New York) serves Tri-State area Russian-speakers, and "Panorama", published since 1980, serves the Russian-speakers of the Greater Los Angeles area.
"Kstati Russian American Newspaper" (To the Point) serves the Bay Area."V Novom Svete" (In the New World) covers mostly international news and is circulated nationwide, while "Evreiskii Mir" (The Jewish World) is targeted at Russian-speaking Jews.
Television.
Some Russian television stations in the United States include NTV America, Russkii Mir (Russian World), RTR Planeta, RT News, RTVi, Channel One, Israel Plus.
Radio.
Russian language stations Radio Mayak and Radio Baltica are also available in North America. There are local Russian language stations such as Davidzon Radio in New York and New Life Radio in Chicago, and many more are available online.

</doc>
<doc id="36759013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759013" title="Swimming at the 2001 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 1500 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 2001 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 1500 metre freestyle

The men's 1500 metre freestyle event at the 2001 World Aquatics Championships took place 29 July. The heats took place 28 July, while the final was held on 29 July.
In the final, Australian swimmer Grant Hackett broke the world record with a time of 14:34.56, bettering the previous record held by his compatriot Kieren Perkins by seven seconds. This record would stand for a decade until Chinese swimmer Sun Yang broke it at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships and at the time, it was the oldest world record in swimming.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
The following record was established during the competition:
Results.
Final.
Key: WR = World record

</doc>
<doc id="36759018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759018" title="Kulap Vilaysack">
Kulap Vilaysack

Kulap Tukta Vilaysack ( ; born May 11, 1980) is an American actress, comedian, and writer. She is the co-host of the "Who Charted?" podcast on the Earwolf network.
Life and career.
Vilaysack was born in Washington, D.C. after her Laotian parents arrived from a refugee camp in Thailand. Her family soon moved to the Twin Cities, settling in the suburb of Eagan, Minnesota. She is of Laotian, Chinese, Asian Indian, and Thai descent.
After graduating from high school, Vilaysack moved to Los Angeles where she attended the Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising and received an associate's degree. She later took classes and performed at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre in Los Angeles. She was also the co-founder of the Los Angeles/Silverlake based alternative comedy variety show, "Garage Comedy".
Vilaysack's acting work includes a recurring role as "Nurse Kulap" on the Adult Swim series "Childrens Hospital". Other television guest appearances include "Bob's Burgers", "The Office", "The Sarah Silverman Program", "The Hotwives of Orlando", "Parks and Recreation", "Happy Endings", "Reno 911!" and "Whitney". In 2007, she briefly worked as an associate producer on "America's Got Talent".
With comedian Howard Kremer, she co-hosts the podcast "Who Charted?" on the Earwolf network.
Personal life.
Vilaysack is married to comedian Scott Aukerman.

</doc>
<doc id="36759025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759025" title="Listwanite">
Listwanite

Listwanite (also sometimes spelled listvenite, listvanite, or listwaenite) is unusual rock type that forms when ultramafic rocks (most commonly mantle peridotites) are completely carbonated. The pyroxene and olivine minerals found in peridotite commonly alter to form carbonate and serpentine minerals. However, peridotites are usually not completely carbonated. Rather, they typically contain carbonate veins (primarily magnesite; also calcite, dolomite, and other carbonates). Complete carbonation of peridotite means that every single atom of magnesium and calcium as well as some of the iron atoms has combined with CO2 to form secondary carbonate minerals such a magnesite and calcite. The silica atoms in listwanite are found in quartz. Thus, liswanites consist of quartz (a rusty red color) and carbonate and also sometimes talc and Cr-muscovite (a mineral known as mariposite/fuchsite).
Formation.
Geologists are still studying how listwanites form, but they likely form through the interaction of CO2-rich fluids with peridotites at higher than ambient temperatures up to ~200 degrees Celsius. Structural controls (faults and fractures) permit the percolation of the CO2-rich fluids through peridotite, so the formation of listwanites is generally structurally controlled.
CO2 content.
Listwanites are important rocks to study for a number of reasons. First of all, listwanites contain large amounts of CO2 which originated from fluids and which is now stored in solid mineral form. Recently, geologists and other scientists have been investigating the potential of storing CO2 in solid minerals (which are more stable than CO2 stored as a liquid or gas) through carbonation of mafic and ultramafic rocks (ref1). Mafic and ultramafic rocks take up significant CO2 through their natural alteration processes. However, the natural carbonation rates of these rocks are too slow to significantly offset anthropogenic CO2 emissions. Therefore, scientists are currently investigating if it is possible to geoengineer CO2 uptake in mafic and ultramafic rocks so that this CO2 uptake happens more quickly. This could be done, perhaps, by fracturing and heating and injection of CO2-rich fluids. This is already being tested in mafic basalts through the CarbFix Project in Iceland.
In addition to the recent interest in listwanites for carbon sequestration efforts, listwanites are also important because they are often associated with economic mineral deposits, particularly gold deposits.
See also.
Metasomatism

</doc>
<doc id="36759032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759032" title="2012 Dick Smith Sandown 500">
2012 Dick Smith Sandown 500

The 2012 Dick Smith Sandown 500 was a motor race for the Australian sedan-based V8 Supercars. It was the tenth event of the 2012 International V8 Supercars Championship. It was held on the weekend of 14–16 September at the Sandown Raceway, in Melbourne, Victoria.
It was the 42nd event to be held in the history of the Sandown 500 and the first to be held for V8 Supercars since 2007.
Craig Lowndes won his fifth Sandown 500, while co-driver Warren Luff broke through for his first victory in V8 Supercars, with the duo taking their Triple Eight Race Engineering Holden Commodore to the win over the Ford Performance Racing pair of Mark Winterbottom and Steven Richards.
This was the first (and only) endurance race held at the Sandown circuit to have a race average speed above 150km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="36759036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759036" title="Time Machine Chefs">
Time Machine Chefs

Time Machine Chefs is a television special that originally aired on ABC in which four celebrity chefs were challenged to cook against each other using ingredients and tools belonging to a historical era. The program was divided into two rounds; the first challenged the chefs to create a Peking duck in 16th century China during the Ming Dynasty and the second saw the chefs create a Cockentrice in 1532 in the House of Tudor.

</doc>
<doc id="36759049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759049" title="Side by Side (2012 film)">
Side by Side (2012 film)

Side by Side is a 2012 American documentary film directed by Christopher Kenneally. It was produced by Justin Szlasa and Keanu Reeves. It premiered at the 62nd Berlin International Film Festival and it was shown at the Tribeca Film Festival.
Synopsis.
The documentary investigates the history, process and workflow of both digital and photochemical film creation. It shows what artists and filmmakers have been able to accomplish with both film and digital and how their needs and innovations have helped push filmmaking in new directions. Interviews with directors, cinematographers, colorists, scientists, engineers and artists reveal their experiences and feelings about working with film and digital.
Cast.
And many more. IMDB lists 69 cast members in total.
Reception.
Based on 64 reviews collected by Rotten Tomatoes, the film received a 94% approval rating from critics.

</doc>
<doc id="36759051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759051" title="Break the Spell (Voodoo Glow Skulls album)">
Break the Spell (Voodoo Glow Skulls album)

Break The Spell is the ninth studio album from Voodoo Glow Skulls, released January 17, 2012 on Smelvis Records. It was recorded in a home studio and took four years to make.

</doc>
<doc id="36759065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759065" title="Luis Fernando Correa Bahamon">
Luis Fernando Correa Bahamon

Luis Fernando Correa Bahamon (born 23 April 1955) is a Colombian business man, philanthropist, and investor. He is an important leader in the hotel and construction industry in Colombia.
Correa is active in real-estate through his firms, Luis F. Correa y Asociados (Luis F. Correa and Associates), Real Estate Total, and NAI Colombia, parts of Red Empresarial Luis F. Correa. He is the owner of Wyndham Hotels & Resorts in Colombia through his company Diplomat Hotels, has been involved in the development of the Sheraton brand in Colombia and Ecuador, and recently has managed the market entry of the Spanish hotel chain NH Hoteles. In 2010 he began a plan aiming to reinvent Colombia's hotel industry by building 100 hotels in 10 years. His contributions to the development of Colombia's economy have been noted by international leaders including President of Colombia Alvaro Uribe Velez and Republic of China President Ma Ying-jeou.
Correa was honored as "Man of the Year" by construction and development magazine "En Obra", and was named "The King of Hotels" by "Revista Dinero".Correa Bahamon was also the first Latin American to occupy the World Presidency of FIABCI, the Paris-based International Real Estate Federation, following his 2007 election against Julia Clement. He simultaneously served as the federation's Regional President for the Americas, as well as a delegate to the United Nations Economic and Social Council representing the Federation as a special consultant.
Luis Fernando Correa has written 5 books related with real estate. He also has invested in several other business fields and through the Red Empresarial Luis F. Correa conglomerate is the owner of Lectorum Publications, Scholastic Corporation's Spanish-language book publisher, and Constructora Correas. He also is active in "Un Techo Para Colombia", a foundation dedicated to the construction of homes for the poor in Colombia, as well as The Global Housing Foundation, and The Scholarship Foundation.
Correa was born in Medellín, Colombia. Before entering business he worked as a university professor and administrator as well as a public servant. He is a member of the US National Association of Realtors. Correa has earned a BSc in Economics at Universidad Javeriana in Bogota, and pursued graduate studies and an MBA at Xavier University in Cincinnati, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="36759160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759160" title="Nils Engelhart">
Nils Engelhart

Nils Engelhart (c.1668–1719) was a Norwegian Lutheran priest. He was born in Meldal. He was an active particiant of the pietist association "Syvstjernen", along with his friend Thomas von Westen. The influence from "Syvstjernen" marked the beginning of the Pietism movement in Norway. Engelhart died in Veøy in 1719.

</doc>
<doc id="36759201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759201" title="Whitefield Park">
Whitefield Park

Whitefield Park was a football stadium located on Hamilton Road in Cambuslang, Scotland. The stadium was home to Cambuslang F.C., and hosted League football for two seasons from 1890 to 1892. After the demise of the club in 1897, the site was developed for housing, although the Whitefield Bowling Club still occupies part of the property.

</doc>
<doc id="36759202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759202" title="1719 in Norway">
1719 in Norway

Events in the year 1719 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="36759204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759204" title="Crepidium ophrydis">
Crepidium ophrydis

Crepidium ophrydis (syn. of "Dienia ophrydis") is a member of the family Orchidaceae, endemic to the Philippines.
Ecology.
found in 

</doc>
<doc id="36759212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759212" title="Qormusta Tengri">
Qormusta Tengri

Qormusta Tengri (Qormusata Tngri "King of the Gods", also transliterated as Qormusta Tngri and Hormusta) is a god in Mongolian mythology and shamanism, described as the chief god of the 99 "tngri" and leader of the 33 gods. It is the same of Turkish deities / gods Hürmüz and Kormos Han.
According to Walther Heissig, the group of 33 gods led by Qormusata Tngri exists alongside the well-known group of 99 "tngri". Qormusata Tngri is to be equated with Ahura Mazda, the chief Iranian god, and with Esrua, who in turn is Brahma, the Hindu god of creation. The Indian influence may explain the 33 gods, analogous with Indra (to whom Michael York compares him, as a more active being) and his 33 planets (or gods). Qormusata Tngri leads those 33, and in early Mongolian texts is also mentioned as leading the 99 "tngri". He is connected to the origin of fire: "Buddha struck the light and 'Qormusata Tngri lit the fire'." A Mongolian fable of a fox describes a fox so clever that even Qormusata Tngri (as the head of the 99 "tingri") falls prey to him; in a Mongolian folktale, "Boldag ugei boru ebugen" ("The impossible old man, Boru"), he is the sky god with the crow and the wolf as his "faithful agents".
Qormusata Tngri's relatively recent entrance into the Mongolian pantheon is also indicated by the attempts on the part of Mergen Gegen Lubsangdambijalsan (1717-1766?) to replace earlier shamanist gods in the liturgy with five Lamaist gods including Qormusata Tngri. In one text, he is presented as the father of the 17th-century cult figure Sagang Sechen, who is at the same time an incarnation of Vaiśravaṇa, one of the Four Heavenly Kings in Buddhism.
In Manichaeism.
In Manichaeism, the name Ohrmazd Bay ("god Ahura Mazda") was used for the primal figure Nāšā Qaḏmāyā, the "original man" and emanation of the Father of Greatness (in Manicheism called Zurvan) through whom after he sacrificed himself to defend the world of light was consumed by the forces of darkness. Although Ormuzd is freed from the world of darkness his "sons", often called his garments or weapons, remain. His sons, later known as the World Soul after a series of events will for the most part escape from matter and return again to the world of light where they came from.
In Buddhism.
In Sogdian Buddhism, Xurmuzt or Hürmüz was the name used in place of Ahura Mazda. Via contacts with Turkic peoples like the Uyghurs, this Sogdian name came to the Mongols, who still name this deity Qormusta Tengri; Qormusta (or Qormusda) is now a popular enough deity to appear in many contexts that are not explicitly Buddhist. And has become synonymous with the old Turkic god Kürmez Han or Kormos Han

</doc>
<doc id="36759214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759214" title="Jana (singer)">
Jana (singer)

Dragana Todorović (; née Stanojević (Станојевић); born 15 March 1974), known by her stage name Jana (Јана), is a Serbian turbo-folk and pop folk singer.
Biography.
Jana was born in the village of Babin Most, near the city of Priština, Yugoslavia in 1974. She has two siblings: a brother Dejan and a sister Danijela.
Her career started at the age of fourteen, in 1988, when she visited a well-known kafana in the town of Obilić one night with her parents and brother (who played the accordion). She had worn a white overcoat and pink hat. During dinner, she took the microphone, got a chair, and, being shy, turned her back against the audience and started singing "Što me pitaš" ("Why Are You Asking Me") by Šemsa Suljaković to roaring applause.
After finishing the Stevan Mokranjac music academy in her hometown, she recorded an album in 1992 that sold very few copies and flopped. She went back to performing in kafanas throughout Kosovo, then took a short break from singing due to the disappointment of her last album, working as a music educator.
In 1997, she met singer Marina Živković in Kosovska Mitrovica, a meeting which kick-started her career. As Živković was preparing for her concert, she overheard Todorović singing and was left 'breathless'. She asked for Jana to come to her table and talk and after the conversation, she recommended Jana to friend, Ivan Todorović (Jana's future husband) who owned a discothèque and was in need of a live band. Not long after, Ivan traveled to Priština to meet with Jana. That day, Jana and her cousin met up with him near the Grand Hotel and struck up a record deal. In October 1997, with great sadness, she left her home country and moved to Germany, four months prior to the outbreak of war in Kosovo. She became extremely homesick in Germany, but was unable to travel home because of the insecurity. She was signed to the now-defunct record label Zabava miliona (ZAM). As there already was a famous singer called Dragana Mirković, Saša Popović, the label's director, recommended her to adopt Jana as her stage name. During the recording of her second album, "Sokolica" ("Falcon", 1998), she fell in love with Ivan Todorović and they later married. Her first album was a huge success and she went on tour with famous singer Lepa Brena. 
She then recorded her third album, "Prolaznica" ("Free Pass", 1999), under the label Grand Production (formerly ZaM).
Jana's fourth studio album, "Ostavi mi drugove" ("Leave My Friends", 2000), featured the hit songs "Ko visoko leti" ("He Who Flies High"), "Robinja" ("Slave") and the title track. It was followed by her fifth release: "Prevare do prevare" ("Affair After Affair", 2001) had the hit song "Barabar".
For her seventh album, "Zidovi" ("Walls", 2003), she started to work with VIP Production (later renamed BN Music), a label founded and owned by her husband Ivan Todorović. It was the first album distributed by VIP Production.
Jana released three more albums under the label: "Malo magije" ("A Little Magic", 2005), "Kući, kući" ("Home, Home", 2007) and "Jana Dva" ("Jana Two", 2011).
On 2 November 2006, Jana and her husband had a daughter, Kristina Džulijen Todorović.
Discography.
Albums.
Sokolica (1998)
Prolaznica (1999)
Ostavi mi drugove (2000)
Prevara do prevare (2001)
5 (2002)
Zidovi (2003)
Malo magije (2005)
Kući, kući (2007)
Jana Dva (2011)
<br>New songs
Old songs as bonus tracks

</doc>
<doc id="36759217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759217" title="Romantics &amp; Mystics">
Romantics &amp; Mystics

Romantics & Mystics is the fifth album by Steve Bell. The album won the Juno Award for Best Gospel Album of the Year at the Juno Awards of 1998. The song "Moon Over Birkenau" later received a 2008 GMA Canada nomination for Instrumental Song Of The Year.
Related.
Song Book, "Romantics & Mystics" (1997)
Track listing.
Words and music by Steve Bell except "Here by the Water" and "Keeping Vigil" by Jim Croegaert.

</doc>
<doc id="36759221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759221" title="Brøste House">
Brøste House

Brøste House (Danish: Brøstes Gård), also known as Potter House (Danish: Potters Gård) after its founder, a Scottish born industrialist, is a late 18th century historic property at 10 Overgaden Oven Vandet, overlooking Christianshavn Canal, in the Christianshavn neighbourhood of Copenhagen, Denmark.
History.
Previously the site of both an oats mill and an arrow manufactury, the lot was acquired in 1779 by Thomas Potter (1746–1811), who had been in Edinburgh but emigrated to Denmark at an early age where he had founded an iron foundry, Denmark's first, which he moved to his new property from its previous location on rented land at Applebys Plads. The house was built in 1785 to a design by an unknown architect. It had offices on the ground floor, packing in the celler and his residence on the first floor.
Located to the rear of the new building, the foundry manufactured "iron pots in all shapes" as well as everything from nails and bullets to ship anchors. Some of its products was exported to both the East and West Indies.
Potter experienced deep personal griefs while he lived at the building, losing two wives, and sold it in 1790 to a royal "Mecanicus". Later residents include the painter Julius Exner who lived there from 1861.
After the property was acquired by Ulf Brøste (1904–1970), a grocer, he brought his local historic collection of artifacts, images and archeological finds from Christianshavn, displaying them in the building. Most of the Brøste Collection was later transferred to Frieboeshvile while some artifacts were donated to Christianshavn Local Historic Society and Archives. A statue of Christian IV by William Fredericia used to be seen in a niche in the building but was removed when the company P. Brøste closed in the 1990s and has now been installed in an auditorium at Christianshavn Gymnasium.
Architecture.
The Brøste House is designed in the Neoclassical style and consists of eight bays towards the canal under a black mansard roof. It has only seen few changes but the original gate was replaced in the 1940s. It was listed by the Danish Heritage Agency in 1918.
Current use.
The building was modernized and converted into offices by C.W. Obel in the 2000s and in 2011 was acquired by Barfoed Group, a property investment company based in Odense.

</doc>
<doc id="36759255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759255" title="Tom Whitney">
Tom Whitney

Tom Whitney (born May 16, 1989) is an American professional golfer.
Amateur career.
Whitney was born in Lake Tahoe, California and resides in Fort Collins, Colorado. He attended La Quinta High School in La Quinta, California. After high school, he attended the United States Air Force Academy. Whitney won 4 collegiate tournaments and set 4 various low-scoring school records in his college career. Whitney also competed in the 2009 US Amateur Championship and the 2009 US Amateur Public Links. Whitney completed his college career as a two-time GCAA All-America Scholar and a finalist for the Byron Nelson Award.
Professional career.
Whitney turned professional in 2010 after graduating from the US Air Force Academy. His first pro tournament was a sponsor's exemption to the 2010 Colorado Open, where he finished T32.
Military service.
Whitney served four years active duty in the U.S. military as a Lieutenant in the U.S. Air Force.
He was attached to the 319th Missile Squadron at FE Warren AFB, Wyoming.
Professional records.
Whitney holds the low first-round record at the Colorado Open with an opening round 64 in 2012 
Whitney also posted a course record 64 at Jacksonville Naval Air Station (Red & White Course) on Oct 8, 2012
Military wins.
Whitney is a three-time reigning champion for the Air Force Golf Championship and the reigning champion for the Military World Championchip, making him as one of the best golfer in the United States Air Force, and one of the best military golfers in the world. 
See also.
List of United States Air Force Academy alumni

</doc>
<doc id="36759274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759274" title="List of Deccan Chargers cricketers">
List of Deccan Chargers cricketers

Deccan Chargers (DC) was a franchise cricket team which was based in Hyderabad in Andhra Pradesh, India and was one of the teams which played in the Indian Premier League (IPL) from 2008 to 2012. The team was owned by Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited, which paid million for the franchise. Vangipurappu Laxman was selected as the captain of the team for the first season of the IPL and was succeeded by Adam Gilchrist in the 2009 season, when the team won the league. The team qualified for the 2009 Champions League Twenty20, where they were eliminated at the group stage. The team's last coach was Darren Lehmann, and Kumar Sangakkara was the captain in 2012. On 15 September 2012, the Deccan Chargers' IPL contract was terminated by the Board for Control of Cricket in India (BCCI), which was concerned about overdue payments to the players. The Hyderabad franchise was later acquired by the Sun TV Network for per year in a bid which retained 20 players. 
Adam Gilchristwho plays as captain for Kings XI Punjabwas the team's leading run scorer with 1289 runs scored in 48 matches. Gilchrist and Rohit Sharma were the only batsmen from the team to achieve an individual run total above 1000. Cameron White, the former captain of the team, had the highest batting average, 38.86 throughout 19 matches. Shahid Afridi, who played in the first season, had the highest strike rate of 176.08 in 10 matches. Andrew Symonds achieved a record highest number of runs in a single match by scoring 117 runs on 53 balls. Pragyan Ojha, who had played the most matches for the team, was the team's leading wicket taker with a record of 62 wickets in 56 matches. In bowling, Shikhar Dhawan had the highest strike rate of 12.0 and the best bowling average of 16.50 for the team. While Abhishek Jhunjhunwala and Dale Steyn had the best economy rate of 6.33, Ishant Sharma was the only bowler to take a 5-wicket haul from the team. Herschelle Gibbs and Sharma took the most catches; 22. Gilchrist with 27 dismissals performed the most stumpings.
The first list includes all players who played in at least one match for DC and is initially listed alphabetically by their last name. The second list comprises all those players who captained the team in at least one match, arranged in the order of the first match as captain.

</doc>
<doc id="36759286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759286" title="Johannes Enschedé">
Johannes Enschedé

Johannes Enschedé may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36759292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759292" title="Geetanjali (disambiguation)">
Geetanjali (disambiguation)

Gitanjali is a collection of poems by Rabindranath Tagore.
Geetanjali may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36759303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759303" title="American Weekend">
American Weekend

American Weekend is the debut album of Waxahatchee. The album was released by Don Giovanni Records in 2012.
On June 11, 2012 "Be Good" was the song of the day on National Public Radio as well as one of the best 50 songs of 2012. "American Weekend", was named a top album of 2012 by the "New York Times" and "Dusted" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="36759318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759318" title="Luka Tiodorović">
Luka Tiodorović

Luka Tiodorović (Cyrillic: Лука Тиодоровић, born 21 January 1986) is a Montenegrin footballer playing for Luftëtari Gjirokastër.
Club career.
Born in Titograd, SR Montenegro, Luka Tiodorović played in the youth teams of Red Star Belgrade and FK Budućnost Podgorica. He made his senior debut in 2005 playing with FK Kom in the Second League of Serbia and Montenegro. He would then play with FK Dečić in the inaugural season of the Montenegrin First League. In summer 2007 he moved to FK Mogren where he will play for the following three seasons. He will play with Mogren in their 2009–10 UEFA Champions League campaign. In summer 2010 he moved back to Budućnost but will spend the second half of the season playing with FK Mladost Podgorica.
In summer 2011 he moved abroad and joined Polish club Polonia Bytom. After making only 2 appearances in the I Liga during the 2011–12 season, he left Poland.
In August 2012, after a successful trial period, he signed with Serbian top-flight side FK Smederevo. On
National team.
He was member of the Montenegrin U-21 team.

</doc>
<doc id="36759319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759319" title="Leeds Municipal election, 1955">
Leeds Municipal election, 1955

The Leeds municipal elections were held on Thursday 12 May 1955, with one third of the council up for election, as well as a vacancy in Wellington.
With the third consecutive election producing swings to them - this time a 2.1% swing - the Conservatives managed to top the poll and make gains from Labour for the first time since the 1951 election, echoing their national result. This, however, didn't stop Labour winning a comfortable majority of the seats contested. The three gains were in Beeston, Westfield and Wortley - wards where Labour had gained from them following 1951. Party totals remained unchanged with the new division of aldermen effectively wiping out those three gains, as Labour were allotted - at Conservative expense - three more aldermen. Turnout rose marginally to a low figure of 39.4%.
Election result.
The result had the following consequences for the total number of seats on the council after the elections:

</doc>
<doc id="36759408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759408" title="Deon Cole">
Deon Cole

Deon Cole (born January 9, 1972) is an American comic and comedy writer. Originally based out of Chicago, he is best known for his role as a prominent member of the writing staff of "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien" (2009–2010) and subsequently "Conan" (2010–present). He has appeared frequently in comedic bits for both broadcasts and has, along with the rest of the staff, received two Primetime Emmy nominations for his work. He first got into comedy when a friend bet him $50 that he would not get up on stage one night in Chicago. His first appearance was on Comic Justice.
Cole has also performed stand up on other programs such as "John Oliver's New York Stand-Up Show", "Mash Up" and "Lopez Tonight". His recent sketch comedy show, "Deon Cole's Black Box", premiered on June 10, 2013 on TBS until it got canceled on October 25, 2013. On June 10, 2013, Deon created his own production company Coled Blooded to produce "Deon Cole's Black Box".

</doc>
<doc id="36759429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759429" title="Agrius and Oreius">
Agrius and Oreius

Agrius and Oreius are characters in Greek mythology who are mentioned by Antoninus Liberalis.
Mythology.
Their story begins with a woman named Polyphonte, a granddaughter of Ares, who went to the mountains and became a chaste follower of Artemis, totally neglecting all kinds of activities presided over by Aphrodite like love and marriage. Aphrodite angrily made the woman fall in love with a bear and mate with it resulting in Artemis' hatred. Artemis turned all the forest animals against Polyphonte so that she had to run back to her father's home, where she gave birth to two half-bear, half-man twins. The gigantic bear twins Agrius and Oreius were cannibals and disrespectful towards gods and humans.
Zeus ordered Hermes to punish the two in whatever way the latter pleased. Hermes at first decided to dismember them, but Ares did not want this to happen to his grandsons. Instead, Hermes and Ares turned the twins into carnivorous birds where Agrius was turned into a vulture and Orius was turned into an eagle owl.

</doc>
<doc id="36759555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759555" title="Louis Markos">
Louis Markos

Louis Markos is Professor in English at Houston Baptist University, where he holds the Robert H. Ray Chair in Humanities. He earned his B.A. in English and History from Colgate University and his M.A. and Ph.D. in English from the University of Michigan.
Scholarly works.
Markos teaches courses on British Romantic and Victorian Poetry and Prose, the Classics, C. S. Lewis and J. R. R. Tolkien, and Film. He also teaches classes on Ancient Greece and Rome for HBU’s Honors College. He is the author of:
He has also produced two lecture series with the Teaching Company ("The Life and Writings of C. S. Lewis"; "Plato to Postmodernism: Understanding the Essence of Literature and the Role of the Author"). Dr. Markos has also published some five dozen articles and reviews in such journals as "Christianity Today", "Touchstone", "Theology Today", "Christian Research Journal", "Mythlore", "Christian Scholar’s Review", "Saint Austin Review", "American Arts Quarterly", and "The City".
He is a Christian apologist and theological conservative who has based much of his work and theological writing on British literature in addition to a lesser emphasis on Greek literature. He also has taken the position that the resurrection of Jesus is source provable.
Plays.
Markos has had his modern adaptation of Euripides’ Iphigenia in Tauris performed off-Broadway in the Fall of 2011 and adaptations of Euripides’ Helen and Sophocles’ Oedipus are were performed in 2012. He is also the co-author of a script on C. S. Lewis and J. R. R. Tolkien, "The Lion Awakes".

</doc>
<doc id="36759556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759556" title="The Very Best of Blancmange">
The Very Best of Blancmange

The Very Best Of Blancmange (2012) is a double CD compilation of Blancmange singles, album and non-album tracks, and remixes from their first three albums. It contains one new track, "Making Aeroplanes (Without Victoria)".
Track listing.
All songs are written by Neil Arthur & Stephen Luscombe, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="36759570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759570" title="Sitaram Jajoo">
Sitaram Jajoo

Sitaram Jajoo was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Neemuch Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36759572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759572" title="Vaughn Scott">
Vaughn Scott

Vaughn Scott (born 11 January 1990) is a male Taekwondo fighter who represented New Zealand in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London in the Men's -80kg weight class. He lost his first round fight to Argentine Sebastián Crismanich by a score of 9-5. Because Crismanich went on to win the gold medal, Scott was included in the repechage and lost his fight to Afghan Nesar Ahmad Bahave by a score of 11-6, and was eliminated from the Olympic tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36759574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759574" title="Daniel Anderson (poet)">
Daniel Anderson (poet)

Daniel Anderson (born December 19, 1964) is an American poet and educator.
Biography.
Anderson, an Ohio native, holds degrees in English and Creative Writing from the University of Cincinnati and Johns Hopkins University. He is the author of three collections of poetry and the editor of Howard Nemerov's "Selected Poems". He has held teaching positions at Murray State University, the , Kenyon College, the University of North Carolina, and the University of Alabama at Birmingham. Currently, he is Associate Professor at the University of Oregon, where he teaches in the graduate Creative Writing program. Anderson frequently serves as a faculty member at the Sewanee Writers' Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="36759584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759584" title="Gnaeus Aufidius Orestes">
Gnaeus Aufidius Orestes

Gnaeus Aufidius Orestes (died 1st century BC) was a Roman politician who was elected consul in 71 BC.
Biography.
Originally born into the Orestes branch of the Plebeian gens Aurelia, Aufidius Orestes was adopted by the elderly Gnaeus Aufidius, a Roman historian. He was an unsuccessful candidate for the Plebeian tribunate, but was elected to the post of Aedile by or before 79 BC.
In 77 BC, he was elected "Praetor urbanus". His period in office was contentious for at least one legal proceeding where, after he had ruled in favour of a castrated priest of Magna Mater who had been named as the heir of a deceased freedman, his ruling was overturned by the ruling consul Mamercus Aemilius Lepidus Livianus in favour of the freedman’s former patron. The senate then passed a "Senatus consultum" which forbad the eunuch from asking any of the other praetors for help. Although this was limited to one case, it is possible that the consul used his full "Imperium maius" to oversee all of Orestes’ legal cases for the rest of the year.
After serving his year in office, he was appointed by lot to a Propraetoreal command, possibly either Cisalpine Gaul or Transalpine Gaul. He was then elected as consul alongside Publius Cornelius Lentulus Sura in 71 BC. According to Cicero, Aufidius Orestes’ elections as praetor and consul were due in part to the expensive and extravagant games he held while he was aedile. Following his period in office, Aufidius Orestes refused to accept a proconsular command or other promagisterial appointment.
Aufidius Orestes had at least one daughter, Aurelia Orestia, who was the third wife of the notorious senator Catiline. According to the historian Sallust, Aufidius Orestes’ wife had an adulterous affair.

</doc>
<doc id="36759590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759590" title="R. Ramanathan Chettiar">
R. Ramanathan Chettiar

Ramaswami Ramanathan Chettiar (30 September 1913 - 12 December 1995) was an Indian businessman, politician and bureaucrat who served as member of Lok Sabha, the lower house of the Parliament of India and Mayor of Madras.
Early life.
Ramanathan Chettiar was born to philanthropist Diwan Bahadur Ramaswami Chettiar on 30 September 1913. Ramaswami Chettiar was the elder brother of Annamalai Chettiar.
Politics.
Ramanathan Chettiar was a member of the Indian National Congress and played an active role in the Indian Independence Movement. He served as a councillor in the Corporation of Madras from 1948 to 1952. In 1950, Ramanatha Chettiar was elected mayor of Madras and served for a year. In the 1957 Lok Sabha elections, Ramanathan Chettiar was elected to the Indian parliament from the Pudukkottai Lok Sabha constituency. He was again elected for the period 1962-1967, this time from the Karur constituency.
Bureaucracy.
Ramanathan Chettiar was the first director of the Reserve Bank of India. He also served as a member of the executive committee of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and as chairman of the Indian Handicrafts Development Corporation.
Death.
Ramanatha Chettiar died on 12 December 1995 at the age of 82.The Mayor Ramanathan Hall in Raja Annamalaipuram, Chennai, is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="36759597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759597" title="Umrao Singh (politician)">
Umrao Singh (politician)

Umrao Singh was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
She represented Sehore Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36759608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759608" title="Mangilal Tajsingh">
Mangilal Tajsingh

Mangilal Tajsingh was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Rajpur Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36759624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759624" title="Inayatullah Khan (politician)">
Inayatullah Khan (politician)

Inayatullah Khan was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Sehore Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36759626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759626" title="Andrew Drummond (banker)">
Andrew Drummond (banker)

Andrew Drummond (1688-1769) was the founder of Drummonds Bank in Charing Cross in London; now a part of the Royal Bank of Scotland.
Andrew Drummond was apprenticed as a goldsmith in Edinburgh but in about 1712 he set up his own goldsmiths business at the sign of the 'Golden Eagle' on the east side of Charing Cross in London . By 1717 banking had been added to goldsmithing and the business attracted a growing clientele, especially expatriate Scots in London.
He was the fifth son of Sir John Drummond of Machany who had been outlawed in 1690 for his close links to the exiled family of the deposed King James II in France. The three eldest sons had died young, the eldest survivor, the fourth son, was William Drummond who came to inherit the Viscountcy Strathallan, as 4th Viscount, from his young cousin, also William Drummond in 1711. His older and younger brothers both took an active part in the 1715 Jacobite rebellion and were made prisoners at Sheriffmuir. This seems to have had little effect on the Drummonds Bank business.
In 1716 Andrew Drummond married Isabella Strahan (d.1731) from which union there was at least one son, John Drummond of Stanmore (1723–1774).
In 1729 Andrew purchased the Stanmore estate in Middlesex. In 1745 the Young Pretender, Charles Edward Stuart raised his Standard at Glenfinnan and one of the first adherents to this new Jacobite rebellion was Andrew's older brother Strathallan, who went on to command the rebel forces in Scotland when the Prince invaded England and later commanded the reserve cavalry at the fateful battle of Culloden in April 1746, during which he was killed. The Strathallan's were the subject of an Act of Attainder by Parliament and it caused the Drummond's Bank to temporarily cease trading. It did recommence trading again and the directors of the company were to include not just the descendants of Andrew but also of the Viscount Strathallan.
Drummond died at Stanmore on 2 February 1769. The ownership of the Bank passed to his son John and his nephew Robert Drummond of Cadland
The Drummonds Bank went on to become one of just two private banks to survive in London into the 20th century, when it was taken over by the Royal Bank of Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="36759627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759627" title="Gabriele Smargiassi">
Gabriele Smargiassi

Gabriele Smargiassi (1798 – May 12, 1882) was an Italian painter and leader of the Neapolitan Academy of Arts in Naples, Italy.
Biography.
Smargiassi was born in Vasto, Chieti. Initially aiming to be a priest like his uncle, an artistic talent was recognized, and he was sent at age 19 to train in Naples. briefly with Giuseppe Cammarano, and then for seven years with Anton Sminck van Pitloo. He then traveled to Rome, where he was briefly tutor to Louise Phillipe, future emperor of France. He was patronized in Paris by the Salon of the Duchess of St. Leu. When Pitloo died in 1837, Smargiassi returned to Naples to fill the chair of Professor of Landscape painting for the Academy of Arts in Naples. The other candidate for the position was Salvatore Fergola. In Naples, he was patronized by the Count of Aquila. Giacinto Gigante was a contemporary and fellow-painter, while Francesco Mancini, Alfonso Simonetti, and Raimondo Scoppa were among his pupils.
He specialized in paintings including rural landscapes. He died in Naples.

</doc>
<doc id="36759635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759635" title="Edward Easton">
Edward Easton

Edward Easton is an American politician who earned a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science in 1958 and a Master’s degree in Architecture from Yale University in 1965. Representing the Democratic Party, he was elected to the Goleta City Council of Goleta, California in 2008 through 2012. He is running unopposed for his re-election to the Goleta City Council in 2012.
Early life.
Easton was born in New York City and was raised in Connecticut. He married to Carolyn R. Williams in 1959. As a couple, the Eastons moved to the South Coast in 2000 and settled in Goleta, California.
Business career.
While earning his Master’s degree in Architecture from Yale University in 1965, Easton worked on redevelopment projects for the City of New Haven, Connecticut on the City Plan Commission. Easton thereafter became an architect in Charlotte, North Carolina in 1968. In 1971, Easton worked as the Program Development Director and the Director of Regional Planning for the Centralina Council of Governments. Easton also worked on various wilderness campaigns, founded the Central Piedmont Group of the Sierra Club in Charlotte, and became the Appalachian Regional Vice President of the Sierra Club in the later 1970s. Afterwards, Easton worked for the National Wildlife Federation and became the chief executive officer of the Institute for Conservation Leadership from 1979 to the 1990s.
2008 election.
Easton was sworn in as a new Goleta City Council Member in December 2008 in Goleta, California.
2012 election.
Easton is running unopposed for re-election to the Goleta City Council 2012 in Goleta, California.
Retirement.
Easton is likely to retire soon from the Goleta City Council because his primary residence will be located outside city limits. Reasons are unclear as to why a standing council member would move prior to the expiration of his elected term of office, in effect placing personal gain above Goleta. Goleta, California.

</doc>
<doc id="36759642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759642" title="Khuman Singh">
Khuman Singh

Khuman Singh was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Sanchi Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36759644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759644" title="Allen County Schools">
Allen County Schools

Allen County Schools is a public school district in Allen County, Kentucky, United States, based in Scottsville, Kentucky.
Schools.
The Allen County Schools School District has one elementary school, one intermediate school, one middle school, and one high school.

</doc>
<doc id="36759654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759654" title="Star Wars Roleplaying Game (Fantasy Flight Games)">
Star Wars Roleplaying Game (Fantasy Flight Games)

The Star Wars Roleplaying Game is a tabletop role-playing game set in the "Star Wars" universe, written and published for the first time by Fantasy Flight Games (FFG) as of August 2012. It is constituted by three different standalone games, each one conceived to play a particular type of character:
History of the game.
In the 2000s, Wizards of the Coast owned the license for all "Star Wars"' collectible card and role-playing games. When the license expired in May 2010, the company declined to renew it. In August 2011 Fantasy Flight Games acquired the "Star Wars" license from Lucasfilm Ltd. and announced two "Star Wars" gaming products: the miniatures game "X-Wing" and the card game "Star Wars: The Card Game". A role-playing game was rumoured to be in the works but only a whole year later, in August 2012, the editor announced the publication of "Star Wars: Edge of the Empire", the first standalone game of a whole of three, constituting the Fantasy Flight Games Star Wars role-playing game. The second installment, "Star Wars: Age of Rebellion", conceived for playing rebels against the Empire, and the third one, "Star Wars: Force and Destiny", conceived for playing Jedi characters, are not yet published, though the beta version and the beginner game of "Age of Rebellion" were released in late-September 2013 and late-April 2014 respectively.
The first installment of the 'trilogy' was first sold in a beta version ("Star Wars: Edge of the Empire Beta"). The completed version of "Edge of the Empire", nearly double the size of the beta, was released on June 25, 2013. "Age of Rebellion"'s beta version was released in October 2013. The beginner game sales of that same game started on April 25, 2014.
Fantasy Flight initially drew criticism for releasing a beta version, making people pay twice, and for the extra expense of the unusual custom dice. But reviews after launch were enthusiastic about the dice, with Game Informer saying ""In practice, this system offers tremendous flexibility to allow the players to participate in the storytelling process, rather than just waiting for the GM to respond after a die roll. The players talk together about how to interpret a roll of the dice, and shape the results to make the most exciting story. It also speaks strongly to the cinematic nature of the Star Wars universe; characters in the movies often succeed or fail along with potent side effects."" and Penny Arcade saying ""This dice system is designed to facilitate awesome story telling and it worked great!""
Releases' timeline (at least in the United States. Supplements are not included in the timeline):
The setting.
All three installments of the Star Wars Roleplaying Game are set within the time period of the Star Wars original trilogy, with "Star Wars: Edge of the Empire" being set shortly after the explosion of the Death Star and dealing with characters on the fringes of galactic space, "Star Wars: Age of Rebellion" being set at around the time of The Empire Strikes Back, and "Star Wars: Force and Destiny" not yet having any official releases.
Characters are created within the setting by first specifying their species, then specifying their initial profession. They then can spend experience points increasing attributes or skills, or gaining abilities from their profession. As in some other career based RPGs your current career indicates what you do and what skills you can learn easily - but you can open other careers and use abilities from them while not closing the first ones. Abilities from a given career cost more experience points the deeper into the career you go, thus encouraging people to take multiple careers.
The system.
As in Fantasy Flight Games' edition of Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay the system requires custom polyhedral dice, or dice modified with stickers to play (the beta version came with stickers to convert ordinary dice of the right size to Star Wars dice. The custom dice enable the dice having results on two axes; how successful the skill check was, and how lucky the attempt was with other factors - and normally only one success on the pass fail axis is needed to succeed. There are both positive and negative types of dice, and these can be added to represent advantages or extra difficulty in the skill check.

</doc>
<doc id="36759655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759655" title="Rajkumari Surajkala">
Rajkumari Surajkala

Rajkumari Surajkala was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
She represented Budhni Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36759672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759672" title="Vallabhdas Sitaram">
Vallabhdas Sitaram

He represented Maheshwar Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36759687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759687" title="Sadhav Sitaram">
Sadhav Sitaram

Sadhav Sitaram was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Maheshwar Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36759726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759726" title="1979 Cincinnati Open">
1979 Cincinnati Open

The 1979 Cincinnati Open (also known as the 1979 ATP Championships for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Lindner Family Tennis Center in Cincinnati, Ohio in the United States that was part of the 1979 Colgate-Palmolive Grand Prix. The tournament was held from August 20 through August 26, 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="36759741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759741" title="Dadu Mahendranath Singh">
Dadu Mahendranath Singh

Dadu Mahendranath Singh was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Seoni Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1951, 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36759748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759748" title="2012 New Haven Open at Yale – Doubles">
2012 New Haven Open at Yale – Doubles

Chuang Chia-jung and Olga Govortsova were the defending champions, but decided not to defend their title together.<br>
Chuang partnered with Shahar Pe'er and lost in the Quarterfinals to Liezel Huber and Lisa Raymond. Govortsova played alongside Vera Dushevina, but lost in the first round to Liezel Huber and Lisa Raymond.<br>
Huber and Raymond won the final against Andrea Hlaváčková and Lucie Hradecká 4–6, 6–0, [10–4].

</doc>
<doc id="36759753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759753" title="Breakfast Creek Hotel">
Breakfast Creek Hotel

The Breakfast Creek Hotel is a heritage-listed hotel (pub) located at 2 Kingsford Smith Drive, Breakfast Creek, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
History of the site.
In 1845 the land was created by a subdivision. In 1848 the first traffic bridge was built across Breakfast Creek and a hotel was established somewhere in the vicinity, but its precise location is not known. In 1849 a Brisbane carpenter, Thomas Hennessy, bought the land. By 1862 his wife had established the Breakfast Creek Hotel on the land, but it is not known if it was at the location of the current hotel. In 1863 Michael Campbell took over as publican, but by the late 1860s there is no evidence the hotel was still operating.
History of the current hotel.
The current hotel was built by William McNaughton Galloway, who was mayor of Brisbane in 1889. This time was a growth period for the Breakfast Creek area with industries such as quarrying and timber-milling. A new Breakfast Creek Bridge opened on 24 May 1889 and a racecourse was constructed at Albion. The architects were Simkin and Ibler and the builders Woollam and Norman.
The hotel opened for business on 17 May 1890.
In February 1893, the Brisbane River flooded and the hotel was 7 to 8 feet underwater. The upper floors were used by many people as a refuge, accessed by climbing up the iron posts that supported the verandahs.
On Saturday 12 January 1895, William McNaughton Galloway fell from a window on the second floor of the Breakfast Creek Hotel, a distance of 17 feet. He received immediate medical attention from a passing doctor and was taken to hospital, but he died about 40 minutes later. In the subsequent magisterial inquiry, it was revealed that Galloway had been drinking heavily over the previous 3 weeks. On the day of his death, he was again intoxicated and the barman, William Floyd, decided to lock Galloway in an upper room of the hotel, hoping Galloway would sleep off his intoxication. Galloway attempted to escape the room by climbing out the window. Having climbed out the window onto a ledge, he tried to jump to a nearby balcony. Although he caught the balcony railings with his hands, one hand gave way and he fell.
Anne Galloway (née Waters), the widow of William Galloway, took over the license of the hotel in April 1895. However, as William Galloway died intestate with a mortgage over the hotel with the Queensland National Bank, the Curator of Intestate Estates became the owner of the property and leased the hotel to Mrs Galloway for six years from August 1895.
In January 1898 the Brisbane River flooded again and the hotel was surrounded by water.
In September 1900, the hotel was sold (subject to the lease to Mrs Galloway) to the brewing company Perkins & Co.
In August 1901, Anne Galloway's lease of the hotel ended and she was not able to obtain a new lease from Perkins & Co. Her response was described as having ""seemed to lose her head, wrecking the premises, and pulling down the bar, electric bells, a kitchen range, a copper boiler, and caused the stables to be removed"". She refused to give Perkins & Co the possession of the premises by nailing up all the doors of the hotel. It was only when Perkins & Co blocked access to the cellar, through which she was entering and exiting the hotel, that she capitulated and the license was transferred to Michael McGuire. A subsequent long court case followed where the ownership of various fixtures and fittings of the hotel was contested between Perkins & Co and Mrs Galloway.
Architecture.
The current hotel is a large two-storey brick building with cement rendering.
Standing completely detached in its own grounds, it was designed in the French Renaissance architecture style. The centre portion is recessed with a loggia of four arches, paved with encaustic tiles. On the left wing, the bar entrance has a pediment flanked by Doric pilasters. The right wing contained the commercial and drawing-rooms and was finished with a two-storied bay-window. A massive cornice, with parapets and pediments, covers the front, left nad right sides of the building. On the roof, each wing iscapped with a pavilion having bevelled- corners and crowned with an ornamental iron cresting and tall flag-poles. Externally the walls are tuck-pointed with rusticated quoins at the angles.
William McNaughton Galloway's initials and the date appear on the front facade of the hotel.
Heritage listing.
The hotel was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
In popular culture.
The hotel is regarded as a Brisbane icon and is mentioned in many books about Brisbane. It was mentioned in the 1987 song "Dreamworld" by Midnight Oil.

</doc>
<doc id="36759755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759755" title="Nandkishore Jairaj Sharma">
Nandkishore Jairaj Sharma

Nandkishore Jairaj Sharma was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Balaghat Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36759761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759761" title="Doug Fleming">
Doug Fleming

Doug Fleming is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1950s. A goal-kicking fullback, he played in Sydney's NSWRFL for St. George, winning the 1949 and 1956 Premierships with them. Fleming also played for Dapto's rugby league club.
In 1949 Fleming started playing in the NSWRFL's first grade premiership for St. George, forcing the club's Test fullback Noel Pidding onto the wing. At the end of the 1949 NSWRFL season he played for St. George at fullback in their grand final victory. 
Fleming was the 1955 NSWRFL season's top point-scorer. In 1956 he represented Sydney against the New Zealand Māori rugby league team. Fleming was also the 1956 NSWRFL season's top point scorer with a personal best 189 points, and he played at fullback in St. George's grand final victory. The 1957 NSWRFL season was the last to feature Fleming.

</doc>
<doc id="36759762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759762" title="Frédéric Maciel">
Frédéric Maciel

Frédéric Ferreira Maciel (born 15 March 1994 in Grenoble) is a French-born Portuguese footballer who plays for F.C. Porto B, as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36759767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759767" title="Mo Suri">
Mo Suri

Moises “Mo” Suri is a retired American soccer player. He played professionally in the National Professional Soccer League, A-League and USISL.
In 1986, Suri, younger brother of Caleb Suri, turned professional with the Louisville Thunder of the American Indoor Soccer Association. That season, the Thunder won the AISA championship and Suri was named to the All Rookie Team. He moved to the Milwaukee Wave in 1987 and went on to play four seasons with them. He left the team in 1991, but on October 22, 1992, the Wave signed Suri. He played two seasons with the Wave, then announced his retirement in August 1994. A few weeks later, he signed with the Atlanta Magic of the USISL. The Magic won the 1994-1995 USISL indoor championship and Suri was selected as league MVP. In the spring of 1995, Suri moved outdoors with the Atlanta Ruckus of the A-League. He played for Atlanta through the 1999 USL A-League season. In January1996, the Milwaukee Wave signed Suri to a fifteen day contract. He played two games, scoring two goals.

</doc>
<doc id="36759788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759788" title="Jonathan Carl Zenker">
Jonathan Carl Zenker

Jonathan Carl (or Karl) Zenker (1 March 1799 – 6 November 1837) was a German naturalist born in Sundremda, located in the Saalfeld-Rudolstadt district.
Originally a student of theology at the University of Jena, he subsequently devoted his energies to science and medicine. From 1823 he lived in Dresden, later returning to Jena, where on the basis of his dissertation "Batrachomyologia", he became a privat-docent of natural history. In 1828 he became an associate professor of botany and natural history, followed by a full professorship in 1836 (one year prior to his death at the age of 38). 
A genus of grasses called "Zenkeria" is named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="36759793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759793" title="Anchorage Independent Schools">
Anchorage Independent Schools

Anchorage Independent Schools is a public school district in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States, based in Anchorage, Kentucky.
Schools.
The Anchorage Independent Schools School District has one elementary school.

</doc>
<doc id="36759815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759815" title="List of mayors of Chennai">
List of mayors of Chennai

The city of Chennai in Tamil Nadu, India is administered by the Corporation of Chennai headed by a Mayor. The Mayor is the first citizen of the city. The person is the chief of the Chennai Municipal Corporation. As of 2012, Saidai Sa. Duraisamy is the mayor of Chennai. The Chennai Municipal Corporation has a history of 323 years and the Office of Mayor was formed in 1933. The corporation has been served by 48 different mayors as of 2012.
The city is divided into 200 wards, each of them headed by a councilors who work under the Mayor. In addition to the 200 councilors, there are Deputy Commissioners and Heads of various departments and 15 Zonal officers.
First mayoralty.
The Corporation of Madras, the second oldest in the British Empire and the first outside the United Kingdom, was inaugurated on 29 September 1688 based on a Charter issued by James II, King of England. As per the provisions of the charter, Nathaniel Higginson, a member of the Fort St George Council, was appointed first mayor of the city. Higginson resigned after six months and was succeeded by John Littleton. Interrupted between 1746 and 1753 by the brief French occupation of Madras, the post of mayor survived with minor amendments till 1798.
The mayoralty of Madras was amended by the Charter of George I of 1727, Charter II of 1753 and the Company's Charter of 1787. Elections to the office were held annually - from 1688 to 1726, the appointment was made on the 29th of September, from 1727 to 1753, on the 20th of December and from 1753 to 1798, on the first Tuesday of every December. The post of mayor was abolished in 1798 when the Mayor's Court was absorbed into the Recorder's Court and was revived only in 1933.
Presidents.
Between 1793 and 1856, municipal administration was in the control of Justices of Peace who also had judicial powers in the city. In 1856, the positions were abolished as per the Madras City Municipal Act XIV of 1856. The judges were replaced with three Municipal Commissioners from the civil service. The commissioners collected municipal taxes and enacted laws for the conservancy and improvement of the city. However, the system failed due to lack of financial accountability and the Municipal Corporation was revived in 1860 by the efforts of Sir Charles Trevelyan, Governor of Madras.
From 1886 onwards, a President was appointed to head the corporation and perform the duties of a mayor. The first President of the Corporation was Lieutenant-Colonel G. M. J. Moore, who was then serving as Military Secretary to the Governor of Madras. Presidents were generally appointed for a four-year term but this was reduced to one in 1910. Civil servant T. Raghavaiah was the first Indian to act as President of the Madras Corporation. The first to be appointed as full-time President was T. Vijayaraghavacharya in 1916. P. Theagaraya Chetty of the Justice Party, appointed in 1919, was the first to represent a political party.

</doc>
<doc id="36759823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759823" title="Saugus Field">
Saugus Field

Saugus Field also known as Atwood Park was an early American airfield located in Saugus, Massachusetts. It was used by pioneer aviators Harry Atwood, Ruth Bancroft Law, and Lincoln J. Beachey.
Creation.
The idea of building an aviation field on the site of the Old Saugus Race Track was first proposed in December 1910 by the Aeroplane Company of America. The company proposed spending $100,000 to convert the old race track into an air field and construct a factory for the manufacturing of flying machines. The company also planned to maintain a flight school and hold aviation meets on the site. The company asked the town to extend its water mains to the field, improve its electrical light equipment, keep the roads leading to the field in good condition, and be lenient in the tax assessment of the improved property. The Saugus site was chosen because it consisted of many acres of flat, dry land and open marsh land, there was sufficient room for the construction of new buildings, and the atmospheric conditions were ideal for flying.
Flying began at the Saugus race track in 1911. In 1912, the property was purchased by the General Aviation Corporation who named it Atwood Park in honor of pilot Harry Atwood.
Aviation school.
Atwood Park was home to one of the busiest aviation schools in the country. In 1912 the school had 43 students, more than any other aviation school in the United States. The school used a Burgess-Wright Model B for instruction. Atwood was the school's chief instructor from the time it opened until he quit on June 10, 1912. The reasons given for his departure were that he could make more money in exhibition flights and he had become disenchanted with fellow instructor Arch Freeman. Atwood took the school's only plane with him and as a result, the school closed. None of the students had completed their formal training, but some students, including Jack McGee, H. Roy Waite, and Ruth Bancroft Law, had received enough training that they were able to fly their own planes solo. Waite established a new school at the aviation field that remained open until early 1913.
After Atwood's departure the airfield was known as the Saugus Field, Whittemore-Hamm Aviation Field, Franklin Park Aviation Field, or the Saugus Race Track, in reference to the property's former use. The airfield remained in use until 1927.
Notable events.
On December 21, 1911 Atwood claimed to break the record for longest time in the air in a hydroaeroplane by remaining in the air for 80 minutes.
On May 30, May 31, and June 1, 1912 Atwood Park hosted an aviation meet that was attended by some of the biggest aviators in the country, including Atwood, Lincoln Beachey, Philip W. Page, and Arch Freeman.
On the first day of the meet, Atwood made the first airmail delivery in New England. He flew about five miles to the Lynn, Massachusetts Town Commons where he dropped a sack of mail from the plane. The sack was then retrieved by a Lynn postal employee and driven to the post office.
On July 31, 1912 "Boy Aviator" Farnum Fish and a student survived a crash after a plane they were flying hit an air pocket, dropped 150 feet, crashed into a pole, turned upside-down, and fell to the ground. Fish was able to extract himself from the plane, but then fell headlong into a ditch filled with water. Morris Shoemanhorne, Fish's student, was also able to remove himself from the wreck. The two were then assisted by mechanics who had been working in the hangar. Fish suffered only minor injuries while Shoemanhorne had a bruised head and a badly twisted right ankle. Shoemanhorne's injuries were attended to at the Race Track Hotel and then he was sent home.
On October 21, 1915, J. Chauncy Redding and Philip Bulman were killed when their plane crashed about a third of a mile from the airfield. The plane dropped 800 feet after the supporting braces and wires holding one of the wings suddenly collapsed.
On May 16, 1919, Melvin W. Hodgdon won the Boston Globe Trophy by flying from Atlantic City, New Jersey to Saugus in 3 hours and 59 minutes.
Later use.
In 1932 the race track was converted into an auto racing facility. It closed the following year.
After Massachusetts legalized pari-mutuel wagering in 1934, a group of area businessmen and government officials led by Henry A. B. Peckham, John J. Mullen, Charles Friend, Harold Dodge, Frederick Willis, William Landergan, and James E. McElroy attempted to bring horse racing back to the site. Mullen even arranged a meeting with his friend Governor Joseph B. Ely in an attempt to get his assistance. Ely refused to express any opinion on the matter and stated that the matter was for the Racing Commission to decide.
In 1940, property owner Godfrey Lowell Cabot offered the site to the United States Navy for use as the location of its main New England dirigible base. In 1948 he donated the land to Northeastern University. In 1950 a proposal was made to construct a $5 million gasoline storage plant on the site. 
In 1970 developer George W. Page and property owner Martin DeMatteo presented the Board of Selectmen with a plan to build a 60,000 seat stadium on the property. The plan was opposed by conservationists who objected to building a stadium on Rumney Marsh. It was abandoned when the Boston Patriots chose Foxborough, Massachusetts as the location of their new stadium.
Since 1990, the property has been owned by the Department of Conservation and Recreation (formerly the Metropolitan District Commission).

</doc>
<doc id="36759824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759824" title="Laurel Kessel">
Laurel Kessel

Laurel Kessel (born February 7, 1954) is a former volleyball player. She played for San Diego's Crawford High School, San Diego State, and the United States national team. She appeared in the 1988 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36759835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759835" title="Washington Initiative 1029">
Washington Initiative 1029

Washington Initiative 1029 (2008) was an initiative concerning long-term home health-care workers, approved in the Washington state general election of November 4, 2008. It required "long-term care workers to be certified as home care aides based on an examination, with exceptions; increase training and criminal background check requirements; and establish disciplinary standards and procedures."
External links.
Text of measure at https://wei.sos.wa.gov/agency/osos/en/Documents/I1029-Text%20for%20web.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="36759844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759844" title="List of museums in Burma">
List of museums in Burma

This is a list of museums in Burma.
"For museums in Yangon, see List of museums in Yangon."

</doc>
<doc id="36759860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759860" title="Lilibeth Morillo">
Lilibeth Morillo

Lilibeth Rodríguez Morillo is an actress, cheerleader, singer and composer from Venezuela, daughter of singer and actress Lila Morillo and famous singer José Luis Rodríguez "El Puma".

</doc>
<doc id="36759862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759862" title="Behrens–Fisher distribution">
Behrens–Fisher distribution

In statistics, the Behrens–Fisher distribution, named after Ronald Fisher and W. V. Behrens, is a parameterized family of probability distributions arising from the solution of the Behrens–Fisher problem proposed first by Behrens and several years later by Fisher. The Behrens–Fisher problem is that of statistical inference concerning the difference between the means of two normally distributed populations when the ratio of their variances is not known (and in particular, it is not known that their variances are equal).
Definition.
The Behrens–Fisher distribution is the distribution of a random variable of the form
where "T"1 and "T"2 are independent random variables each with a Student's t-distribution, with respective degrees of freedom "ν"1 = "n"1 − 1 and "ν"2 = "n"2 − 1, and "θ" is a constant. Thus the family of Behrens–Fisher distributions is parametrized by "ν"1, "ν"2, and "θ".
Derivation.
Suppose it were known that the two population variances are equal, and samples of sizes "n"1 and "n"2 are taken from the two populations:
where "i.i.d" are independent and identically distributed random variables and "N" denotes the normal distribution. The two sample means are
The usual "pooled" unbiased estimate of the common variance "σ"2 is then
where "S"12 and "S"22 are the usual unbiased (Bessel-corrected) estimates of the two population variances.
Under these assumptions, the pivotal quantity
has a t-distribution with "n"1 + "n"2 − 2 degrees of freedom. Accordingly, one can find a confidence interval for "μ"2 − "μ"1 whose endpoints are
where "A" is an appropriate percentage point of the t-distribution.
However, in the Behrens–Fisher problem, the two population variances are not known to be equal, nor is their ratio known. Fisher considered the pivotal quantity
This can be written as
where
are the usual one-sample t-statistics and
and one takes "θ" to be in the first quadrant. The algebraic details are as follows:
The fact that the sum of the squares of the expressions in parentheses above is 1 implies that they are the cosine and sine of some angle.
The Behren–Fisher distribution is actually the conditional distribution of the quantity (1) above, "given" the values of the quantities labeled cos "θ" and sin "θ". In effect, Fisher conditions on ancillary information.
Fisher then found the "fiducial interval" whose endpoints are
where "A" is the appropriate percentage point of the Behrens–Fisher distribution. Fisher claimed that the probability that "μ"2 − "μ"1 is in this interval, given the data (ultimately the "X"s) is the probability that a Behrens–Fisher-distributed random variable is between −"A" and "A".
Fiducial intervals versus confidence intervals.
Bartlett showed that this "fiducial interval" is not a confidence interval because it does not have a constant coverage rate. Fisher did not consider that a cogent objection to the use of the fiducial interval.

</doc>
<doc id="36759877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759877" title="The Beaver Mills Lumber Company">
The Beaver Mills Lumber Company

In 1895 a party of Bemidji lumberman moved a small sawmill overland to the headwaters of Rapid River, downstream from Rainy River, then down the Rainy River by raft until to a point where the Ontario and Rainy River Railway had plans to build a railway bridge. The mill started its operation with one circular saw and later grew to be one of the largest mills in the world.
In 1898, The Beaver Mills Lumber Company, owned by J.H. Hughes and Long, bought the mill. The mill hands and their families built shacks around the mill and the shack town became known as Beaver Mills
By 1900, McKenzie, Mann & Co. had construction work on the steel railway bridge well underway. Much of the material for the bridge was brought during the winter and piled on the ice, after the spring breakup, barges were used, one of the barges, carrying railway ties, sunk at the intersection of the river and Miller's Creek, it still lies at the bottom of the river.
The bridge was completed in 1901 and in the same year the Rat Portage Lumber Company bought the Beaver Mills Lumber Company mill and timber interests. The new owner installed bigger and better machinery including a single cutting band saw, one gang saw, a pair of twin circulars and a planer.
The mill's capacity soon grew to 200,000 feet a day, with 200 men being employed in the saw mill during the summer and another thirty or so in the planing mill year round. Also the Beaver Mills Port Office was located just east of the mill.
The great Fire of 1910.
On the evening of Friday, October 7, 1910, a roaring cyclone of flame tore into the frontier lumbering towns of Baudette and Spooner and exploded into a holocaust that consumed everything in its path. By 7 p.m. people were beginning to gather at the train depot and a message was wired to Rainy River to have relief trains ready if necessary. Half an hour later, watchers perched on top of a building opposite the depot cried, "It's coming. Quick, give the fire alarm."
The whistle sounded and the people came. The sick in night clothing, children carried dolls or pets and adults, a cherished possession or two. There was some panic when only one coach arrived. Oil tanks lay not far from the depot. Then again, the track was on fire and burning embers had reached the Canadian side.
Soon another train of boxcars arrived from Rainy River and took many to safety. Others elected to stay in Baudette and sought shelter in boats on the storm lashed waves of the river.
At the last possible minute the town of Rainy River was saved by a change in the wind. The Rat Portage Lumber Company was destroyed and all that remains of the pine reserves in the area is the local park called "The Pines".

</doc>
<doc id="36759898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759898" title="Top Secret (song)">
Top Secret (song)

"Top Secret" is a Japanese-language song by South Korean rock band F.T. Island. It is their eight single under Warner Music Japan and 11th single overall in Japan. The song was written by Kenichi Maeyamada and composed by Corin. It was released on August 8, 2012, in four editions: a CD-only edition, a first press edition, a tour venue edition, and Lawson edition. The single debuted at number six on the Oricon weekly chart, selling 34,000 copies in its first week.
Composition.
"Top Secret" was written by Kenichi Maeyamada and composed by Corin. "Beloved" was written by Gorō Matsui and composed by Lee Jae-jin and Suzuki "Daichi" Hideyuki. "Here" was written and composed by Nobuaki Hiraga. The lyrics begin ""Kiken'na kaori.. (危険な香り dangerous scent)"", and contain the refrain "Top Secret kimi dake daze".
F.T. Island stated that "Top Secret" was different from their previous singles. The song was described to be more on the adult and sexy side. On the lyrical content, lead singer Lee Hongki explained that the person in the song displayed "the image of the playboy who's good on love affairs and going out with many girls at the same time". The coupling tracks "Beloved" and "Here" were explained to be sorrowful and lonely songs; the former was classified as an energetic song, while the latter is slow-tempo, where the lyrics narrated a hopeful future. Guitarist Choi Jong-hoon compared the sound of "Beloved" to that of the English rock band Muse.
Release and promotion.
For the month of July 2012, "Top Secret" was used as the ending theme song for Nippon Television's music show "Happy Music". "Top Secret" was released on August 8, 2012, in four editions: a CD-only edition which includes one of seven random trading cards; a Lawson edition which includes performance footage of "Satisfaction (Korean Version)", "Wanna Go", "Paper Plane", "Yuki", and "Stay" from the "20 (Twenty)" album release event held at Zepp Tokyo on May 19, 2012, as well as a special feature of the event; a first press edition which includes the music video for "Top Secret", a special feature, and a clip of F.T. Island discussing the song; and the tour venue edition which includes footage performance footage of "Let It Go!", "I Hope", and "Flower Rock" from Mezamashi Live held in Odaiba on August 7, 2011.
F.T. Island held their first performance of "Top Secret" at Mezamashi Live in Odaiba on July 28, 2012.
Chart performance.
"Top Secret" debuted at number six on the Oricon weekly singles chart, selling 34,340 copies in its first week. On the issue dated August 20, 2012, the song debuted at number 14 on the "Billboard" Japan Hot 100.

</doc>
<doc id="36759917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759917" title="Alex Banayan">
Alex Banayan

Alex Banayan (born August 10, 1992) is an American venture capital associate for San Francisco-based venture capital firm Alsop Louie Partners and the author of an upcoming business book being published by the Crown Publishing Group, the largest subsidiary of Random House. Alex Banayan is the youngest business author signed in Crown's 80 year history.
"Fortune" magazine reported that Banayan is the world's youngest venture capitalist. He is a contributor to TechCrunch, FastCompany, and The Washington Post. In 2014, "Business Insider" named Banayan to their "30 AND UNDER: Rising Stars in Silicon Valley" list.
Business.
Alex Banayan's break in the venture capital world began when he met an associate at Alsop Louie Partners. While having lunch together, Banayan was asked if he would consider working with the firm. Banayan then met with the firm's founding partner Stewart Alsop II and was asked on the spot if he could go to San Francisco to meet the rest of the firm. In a single day, Banayan attended a meeting with the firm, met the partners and attended a board of directors meeting. The whole process—starting from meeting Ernestine Fu to receiving the job offer letter—took two months.
Writing.
In December 2012 the technology news website PandoDaily broke the news that Alex Banayan is the youngest business author ever signed to the Crown Publishing Group. Banayan's book deal with Crown was first announced on PublishersMarketplace.com on its October 3, 2012, edition.
The origin of the book concept began when Banayan was a college freshman in 2010. Although he began his university studies as a pre-med student, Banayan couldn't focus on his science text books because his mind kept wondering how some of the world's most successful people launched their careers. Banayan, who assumed there must be a book on this topic, began searching for answers in biographies, business, and careers books, and he reportedly had 120 books stacked in his freshman year dorm room.
In an article in TechCrunch, Banayan explained that, "After months of searching for that ideal book that specifically focused on what little things the world’s most successful people did to propel their careers, I was left empty handed... If no one else was going to write the book I wanted to read, I would write it myself."
Six-time world champion boxer Sugar Ray Leonard has stated that, "Banayan’s book will change people’s lives. Never before has there been a collaboration, in this format, of some of the world’s most successful people. This is exactly what the new generation needs." 
"The Price is Right".
During his freshman years, Banayan won more than $30,000 worth of prizes on the television show "The Price is Right". Banayan won a five-day trip to Florida including a zero gravity flight, a VIP trip to Six Flags Magic Mountain, a billiard table and an 18-foot sailboat on the television show's Monday episode. Banayan states that he did not even know how to play the game and had to ask the audience and the host, Drew Carey, how to play.

</doc>
<doc id="36759925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759925" title="Zero order">
Zero order

Zero order may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36759928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759928" title="Eileen Abad">
Eileen Abad

Eileen Abad (born in Caracas, Venezuela on November 15, 1973) is a Venezuelan actress and model of national and international experience acting in many films, soap operas.
Acting biography.
Abad studied drama at the Escuela de Artes Escénicas Juana Sujo. Her work in Venezuelan as well as Mexican and Colombian telenovelas has gained her recognition. Some of the most famous productions she took part in included "Por estas calles", "Amores de fin de siglo", "Contra viento y marea", "Calipso", "Niña Mimada", "El amor de mi vida" (TV Azteca).
Among the awards she has received are Las Palmas de Oro (best performance, "99 México"), Premio Nacional Casa del Artista as a young actress of the year (1998) and second in La Orden Francisco Fajardo.
She has participated in many big screen productions like "Un tiro en la espalda" (1995), "Tokyo Paraguaipoa" (1996), "Entre mentiras" (1996) "Piel" (1998) and "Puras Joyitas" (2007) are some of the highlights.
In 2010 she acted in the Telemundo series "La Reina del Sur" filmed in Miami, Mexico, Colombia and Morocco
List of Unitarians.
She has performed at Unitarian comedies like
Modeling.
Eileen Abad has had a successful modeling career both in her native country and in other Latin American publications and specially in Mexico.
Since appearing in the Mexican soap opera "El amor de mi vida", Mexicans have been dazzled with this Venezuelan actress they have considered as a sex symbol.

</doc>
<doc id="36759931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759931" title="H. A. Brendekilde">
H. A. Brendekilde

Hans Andersen Brendekilde (1857 Brændekilde, Funen, Denmark -1942 Jyllinge, Denmark) was a Danish painter. Born Hans Andersen to a poor family in rural Funen. As a boy he worked in the house of a farmer doing handy work. As a young man he was apprenticed to a sculptor in Odense.
Then he studied sculpture at the Royal Danish Academy of Arts in Copenhagen where he became a friend and associate of painter L. A. Ring. In 1881 he also left behind sculpting to take up painting. He and Ring, who were both originally surnamed "Andersen" decided to adopt the names of their natal villages as their surnames to avoid confusion at their joint exhibition, and Hans Andersen became H. A. Brendekilde. 
Brendekilde initially worked in a social realist style describing the plight of the rural proletariat in paintings such as his famous "Worn Out" (""Udslidt"" 1889) depicting an elderly farmworker lying fallen on his back in the furrowed field. Later his style became more religious, and eventually he mostly portrayed idyllic village life.

</doc>
<doc id="36759963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759963" title="Melissa McLinden">
Melissa McLinden

Melissa Therese McLinden (born September 13, 1964) is a former volleyball player. She played for the University of Arizona and for the United States national team at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36759981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759981" title="Mizse">
Mizse

Mizse was the last Palatine of King Ladislaus IV of Hungary in 1290. He was born in a Muslim family in Tolna County in the Kingdom of Hungary, but he converted to Roman Catholicism. The king appointed Mizse Palatine at the end of his rule. When King Ladislaus IV was murdered by a group of Cumans, Mizse led the revenge attack against his murderers and had them executed. 
He was the "ispán" (head) of Tolna and Bodrog Counties in 1291. Mizse assisted King Ladislaus IV's successor, King Andrew III of Hungary in his campaign against Austria. However, when he occupied by force the fortress at Dunaszekcső, the king's mother Tomasina Morosini besieged and took the fort from him. This is the last piece of information on Mizse.
Legacy.
According to tradition, the Cuman Mizse district was named after the palatine, so Lajosmizse today commemorates his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="36759983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759983" title="Andrews Field (baseball)">
Andrews Field (baseball)

Andrews Field, formerly known as Westbran Stadium, is a baseball stadium located in the city of Brandon, Manitoba. Although the stadium is used solely for amateur baseball, it has received praise as one of the best baseball venues in Canada.
History.
Westbran Stadium, as it was originally known, was constructed in 1987 at a cost of $1.3 million. Since its opening, the stadium has been hosted a number of provincial, national, and international tournaments, including two World Under-18 Championships, two Canadian Senior Championships, and the 1997 Canada Summer Games baseball tournament. During the 1997 Summer Games, a TSN broadcaster commented that Westbran Stadium was "as good as many Triple-A fields".
In 2007, the stadium was renamed Andrews Field in recognition of the late Neil Andrews, a long time volunteer and local baseball executive.
In 2011, Andrews Field was among the top eight chosen for Canada's Favorite Ballpark, a contest held by Baseball Canada.
The stadium is currently home to Brandon's two senior baseball clubs, the Marlins and Cloverleafs.

</doc>
<doc id="36759990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36759990" title="Muhammad Bazullah">
Muhammad Bazullah

Khan Bahadur Muhammad Bazullah Sahib Bahadur was an Indian civil servant and administrator who served as Chairman of the Corporation of Madras from 1920 to 1923 and as President and Mayor in 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="36760023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760023" title="California Historical Landmarks in Sacramento County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Sacramento County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the California Historical Landmark listing in Sacramento County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="36760027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760027" title="Mills Glacier">
Mills Glacier

Mills Glacier is an alpine glacier near the base of the east mountain face of Longs Peak, in Rocky Mountain National Park in the U.S. state of Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="36760037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760037" title="Fort de Saint-Héribert">
Fort de Saint-Héribert

The Fort de Saint-Héribert or the Fort de Wépion is one of nine forts built as part of the Fortifications of Namur in the late 19th century in Belgium. It was built between 1888 and 1892 according to the plans of General Henri Alexis Brialmont. Contrasting with the French forts built in the same era by Raymond Adolphe Séré de Rivières, the fort was built exclusively of unreinforced concrete, a new material, rather than masonry. In 1914 the fort was heavily bombarded by German artillery in the Battle of Namur. Maizeret was upgraded in the 1930s to become part of the fortified position of Namur in an attempt to forestall or slow an attack from Germany. It saw action in 1940 during the Battle of Belgium, and was captured by German forces. The fort is abandoned on private property.
Description.
The Fort de Saint-Héribert is located about south of the center of Namur. The fort, one of the larger Brialmont forts, is a triangle. A deep by ditch encircles the fort. The ditches were defended in enfilade by 57mm guns in casemates resembling counterscarp batteries, firing at shot traps at the other end of the ditch. The principal armament was concentrated in the central massif, closely grouped in a solid mass of concrete. 
Belgian forts made little provision for the daily needs of their wartime garrisons, locating latrines, showers, kitchens and the morgue in the fort's counterscarp, a location that would be untenable in combat. This would have profound effects on the forts' ability to endure a long assault. The service areas were placed directly opposite the barracks, which opened into the ditch in the rear of the fort (i.e., in the face towards Namur), with lesser protection than the front and "salient" sides. The Brialmont forts placed a weaker side to the rear to allow for recapture by Belgian forces from the rear, and located the barracks and support facilities on this side, using the rear ditch for light and ventilation of living spaces. In combat heavy shellfire made the rear ditch untenable, and German forces were able to get between the forts and attack them from the rear. The Brialmont forts were designed to be protected from shellfire equaling their heaviest guns: 21cm. The top of the central massif used of unreinforced concrete, while the caserne walls, judged to be less exposed, used . Under fire, the forts were damaged by 21cm fire and could not withstand heavier artillery.
Armament.
Saint-Héribert's guns included one twin 15cm turret, two single 21cm turrets and two twin 12cm turrets, all for distant targets. Four 57mm turrets with another nine 57mm guns in embrasures providing defense of the fort's ditches and postern. The fort also mounted an observation turret with a searchlight.
The fort's heavy guns were German, typically Krupp, while the turret mechanisms were from a variety of sources. The fort was provided with signal lights to permit communication with neighboring forts. The guns were fired using black powder rather than smokeless powder, producing choking gas in the confined firing spaces that spread throughout the fort.
World War I.
In the summer of 1914 the Fort de Saint-Héribert was under the command of Captain-Commandant Derzellez, with about 400 artillerymen and 80 fortress troops.The fort was bombarded by invading German forces beginning on 21 August 1914. The Germans did not bother with infantry assault at the Namur forts as had been tried at Liège, at a heavy cost, preferring to batter the Namur positions with artillery. The Namur forts fell quickly. Telephone contact with the outside was lost on 23 August, the same day that the infantry in the intervals between the forts were withdrawn. The fort repelled an infantry attack early on the 24th, but took heavy German fire from 1530 to 1945. At 2100 the garrison surrendered, while the Germans continued to fire around them to prevent their escape.
Fortified Position of Namur.
Saint-Héribert's armament was upgraded in the 1930s to become part of the Fortified Position of Namur, which was planned to deter a German incursion over the nearby border. Protection was substantially increased and armament was modernized. This was accompanied by improvements to ventilation, protection, sanitary facilities, communications and electrical power. The area surrounding the fort was equipped with improved shelters for the interval troops. 
After its renovation, Saint-Héribert was armed with one twin 75mm turret, four retractable 75mm single turrets, two twin machine gun turrets and a number of observation cloches. Machine guns provided close protection. Ventilation was provided by an air inlet in a nearby ravine. Six anti-aircraft guns were installed as well. 
Second World War.
The Fort de Saint-Héribert in May 1940 was commanded by Captain-Commandant :L'Entrée with about 400 men. It started firing on nearby German forces early on 15 May at an initial rate of 50 shots per hour from the 75mm guns, increasing to 75 shots per hour, the 120. The same day the supporting infantry was withdrawn and the fort was on its own. The fort came under aerial attack in the afternoon. The 16th and 17th were quiet, but on the 18th the fort came under heavy bombardment, returning harassing fore from the fort's 75mm guns, which had so far been unaffected by the German fire. On the 19th the fort received damage to its concrete cover, but was able to use direct fire against enemy observation stations in the neighborhood. German fire intensified on the 20th, causing damage. During the early hours of the 21st German patrols began moving in the woods nearby under the cover of smoke bombs. The fort was encircled during daylight hours, but received supporting fire from the Fort d'Andoy, Fort de Malonne and the Fort de Dave. Nevertheless, German artillery was placed within 500 metres of the fort, destroying each turret in turn. The fort continued to resist with machine guns in the ditches, but the fort lost electric power at midday. After sabotaging their remaining weapons and destroying documents, the garrison surrendered at 1210. The fort suffered one dead, while the Germans had 129 dead and 602 wounded, primarily from the 317th Infantry Regiment.
Present.
The Fort de Saint-Héribert is on private property and is not open to the public. The entrances have been sealed with concrete. It was never repaired or rehabilitated after World War II. 

</doc>
<doc id="36760053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760053" title="Shopping while black">
Shopping while black

"Shopping while black" is a phrase commonly used for the type of marketplace discrimination that is also called "consumer racial profiling", "consumer racism" or "racial profiling in a retail setting". Shopping while black describes the experience of being denied service or given poor service because one is black.
Overview.
Most commonly, "shopping while black" involves being followed around or closely monitored by a clerk or guard who suspects you may steal, but it can also involve being denied store access, being refused service, having ethnic slurs directed at you, being searched, being asked for extra forms of identification, having your purchases limited, being required to have a higher credit limit than other customers, being charged a higher price, or being asked more rigorous questions on applications. This can be the result of store policy, or individual employee prejudice. Consumer racial profiling occurs in many retail environments including grocery stores, clothing shops, department stores and office supply shops, and companies accused of consumer racial profiling have included Eddie Bauer, Office Max, Wal-Mart, Sears, Dillard's, Macy's and Home Depot.
Shopping while black is sometimes also called "shopping while black or brown", but researchers say black people are the most frequently targeted.
Shopping while black has been extensively covered by American news media, including a hidden camera ABC News special in which actors posing as store staff harassed black customers to see how other shoppers would respond, and a Soledad O'Brien segment called "Shopping While Black", part of a CNN special on being black in America. It is usually assumed to occur mainly in the United States, but has also been reported in the United Kingdom, Canada and the Netherlands.
Derivation.
"Shopping while black" is word play based on the name of an actual crime in the United States, driving while intoxicated, which is commonly referred to as DWI. DWI led to DWB (driving while black), which led to SWB (shopping while black). The phrase implies that a shopper may be treated poorly by store personnel or others simply because he or she is black. The concept stems from a history of institutional racism in the United States, United Kingdom and other countries, as well as references to racial profiling.
Incidence.
A 2006 analysis of federal court decisions involving marketplace discrimination in the state of Illinois found that both real and perceived racial discrimination existed in the Illinois marketplace.
In his 2003 paper "Racial Profiling by Store Clerks and Security Personnel in Retail Establishments: An Exploration of 'Shopping While Black'" criminologist Shaun L. Gabbidon wrote that the majority of false arrest complaints filed in a retail setting in the United States are filed by African-Americans.
Researchers who conducted in-depth interviews with 75 black people living in black neighbourhoods in New York City and Philadelphia found that 35% reported receiving consistently negative treatment when shopping in white neighbourhoods, compared with 9% who said they received consistently negative treatment in their own neighbourhood.
In 1995, a young black man shopping at an Eddie Bauer store in suburban Washington, D.C., was accused of having stolen the shirt he was wearing, and was told he would need to leave it behind before leaving the store. He filed a federal civil rights lawsuit alleging "consumer racism", and was awarded $1 million in damages. In 2000, a black man named Billy J. Mitchell was awarded $450,000 in compensatory and punitive damages from Dillard's, after being arrested despite having done nothing wrong. Also in 2000, a black woman unsuccessfully sued Citibank after she was detained for no good reason while making large purchases with her Citibank Visa card.
Causes.
One cause of racial profiling in shops is overt racism. Store staff operating under an "animus-based theory" treat African Americans differently because they dislike them, and may want to "keep them in their place". Some shopkeepers practice racial profiling because they think it will increase their revenues ("revenue-based statistical discrimination"), for example by catering to discriminatory preferences of other customers by excluding black people. Other shopkeepers are trying to minimize costs ("cost-based statistical discrimination"). In these cases, researchers describe the cause of racial profiling as "subconscious racism", with retailers making assumptions about their black clientele based on stereotypes that say blacks are likelier than others to commit crimes and to not be credit-worthy.
Responses.
People who have experienced consumer racial profiling have described it as embarrassing, insulting, hurtful and frightening.
Some black shoppers try to avoid racial discrimination either by avoiding white-owned businesses entirely or by deliberately dressing in a middle-class style. Because they are likelier to live and work in majority-white neighbourhoods, middle-class black people experience more racial profiling than poorer black people.
Responses to "shopping while black" treatment can be divided into the three categories of exit, voice and loyalty: shoppers can leave the store; complain, boycott or file a lawsuit; or accept the situation and continue shopping. Black people are likelier to launch a boycott against a shop-owner in a majority black neighbourhood rather than a white one. Social psychologists Henri Tajfel and John Turner have described this as pragmatic and rational: a boycott is likelier to succeed in your own neighbourhood, where other residents are likely to support you and where the shopkeeper's social status is similar to your own.
In his 2001 book "Stupid White Men", filmmaker and social critic Michael Moore advised black readers to shop via online stores and catalogues only, and said if they needed to shop in-person they should do it nude, otherwise they're "just asking to be arrested".
Celebrity instances.
In 1992, R&B singer-songwriter R. Kelly told "Jet" magazine that when he appeared at a Chicago shopping mall to sign autographs, "the security guards took one look at the way I was dressed and the fact that I am a young Black man and thought I was a shoplifter."
In 2001, Oprah Winfrey told "Good Housekeeping" magazine about how she and a black companion were turned away from a store while white people were being allowed in, allegedly because she and her friend reminded the clerks of black transsexuals who had earlier tried to rob it. And in 2005, Winfrey was refused service at the Parisian luxury store Hermès as the store closed for the evening, in what her spokesperson described as "Oprah's 'Crash' moment", a reference to the 2004 movie about racial and social tensions in Los Angeles. 
In 2013, a shop assistant in Zurich allegedly refused to show Winfrey a $38,000 crocodile skin Tom Ford handbag, allegedly saying it "cost too much and you will not be able to afford However, the Trois Pommes boutique sales assistant responded that Oprah Winfrey lied about what happened in the luxury Swiss boutique where she works, specifically denying claim that she had told Winfrey could not afford the crocodile leather bag, and stating that she had asked her if she wanted to see the bag, but that Winfrey had not replied.
In the 2007 biography "Condoleezza Rice: An American Life", author Elisabeth Bumiller describes two "shopping while black" type incidents: one when Rice was six and a department store clerk tried to keep her mother from using a whites-only fitting room, and another when Rice as an adult was shown cheap jewellery by a Palo Alto clerk, rather than the "better earrings" she had asked for.
Similar wordplay.
The most famous play on DWI is probably driving while black. Other variants include "walking while black" for pedestrian offenses, "learning while black" for students in schools, and "eating while black" for restaurants. Actor Danny Glover held a press conference in 1999 because cabdrivers weren't stopping for him in New York City; this was called "hailing while black", and was further investigated on Michael Moore's television program "TV Nation".
In 2001, the American Civil Liberties Union convinced the United States Drug Enforcement Administration to repay $7,000 that it had seized from a black businessman in the Omaha, Nebraska, airport on the false theory that it was drug money; the ACLU called it "flying while black". A pain specialist who treats sickle-cell disease patients at Manhattan's Beth Israel Medical Center reported that for many years doctors forced African American sickle-cell sufferers to endure pain because they assumed that blacks would become addicted to medication, and "Time" magazine labeled this "ailing while black".

</doc>
<doc id="36760059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760059" title="A Dream Deferred (album)">
A Dream Deferred (album)

A Dream Deferred is the second studio album of Brooklyn rapper Skyzoo. The album was released on October 2, 2012. The lead single from the album "Jansport Strings" was released on August 7, 2012.
Background.
The album was originally scheduled for release on September 18, 2012, but it got pushed back to October 2, 2012.
Singles.
"Jansport Strings" was produced by 9th Wonder and was released on August 7, 2012. Two more singles "Give It Up" and "Range Rover Rhythm" are set to be released soon.
Reception.
Critical response.
"A Dream Deferred" largely received positive reviews upon its release from contemporary music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 86, which indicates "universal acclaim", based on 5 reviews.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="36760080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760080" title="NewsLocal">
NewsLocal

NewsLocal is a subsidiary of News Limited that operates its community newspapers in New South Wales. It was previously Cumberland-Courier Community Newspapers.
Current newspapers are:
Defunct newspapers include:

</doc>
<doc id="36760081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760081" title="Rota's conjecture">
Rota's conjecture

Mathematician Gian-Carlo Rota conjectured in 1971 that, for every finite field, the family of matroids that can be represented over that field has finitely many forbidden minors. Rota's conjecture is now known to be true for fields of four or fewer elements, but remains unproven for larger fields.
Statement of the conjecture.
If formula_1 is a set of points in a vector space defined over a field formula_2, then the linearly independent subsets of formula_1 form the independent sets of a matroid formula_4; formula_1 is said to be a representation of any matroid isomorphic to formula_4. Not every matroid has a representation over every field; for instance, the Fano plane (a matroid with seven elements in which a set of up to three points is independent if it does not form one of seven three-point lines) is representable only over fields of characteristic two. Therefore, the matroids that are representable over a field formula_2 form a proper subclass of all matroids.
A minor of a matroid is another matroid formed by two operations: restriction and contraction. In the case of points from a vector space, restriction is simply the removal of some of the points from formula_1; contraction is a dual operation in which points are removed and the remaining space is projected into a space complementary to the span of the removed points. Thus, minors preserve representability. A matroid that is not representable over formula_2, and is minor-minimal with that property, is called a "forbidden minor"; a matroid formula_4 is representable over formula_2 if and only if it does not contain one of the forbidden minors.
For representability over the real numbers, there are infinitely many forbidden minors. Rota's conjecture is that, for every finite field formula_2, there is only a finite number of forbidden minors.
Partial results.
W. T. Tutte proved that the binary matroids (matroids representable over the field of two elements) have a single forbidden minor, the uniform matroid formula_13 (geometrically, a line with four points on it).
A matroid is representable over the ternary field GF(3) if and only if it does not have one or more of the following four matroids as minors: a five-point line formula_14, its dual matroid formula_15 (five points in general position in three dimensions), the Fano plane, or the dual of the Fano plane. Thus, Rota's conjecture is true in this case as well. As a consequence of this result and of the forbidden minor characterization by of the regular matroids (matroids that can be represented over all fields) it follows that a matroid is regular if and only if it is both binary and ternary.
There are seven forbidden minors for the matroids representable over GF(4). They are:
This result won the 2003 Fulkerson Prize for its authors Jim Geelen, A. M. H. Gerards, and A. Kapoor.
For GF(5), several forbidden minors on up to 12 elements are known, but it is not known whether the list is complete.
Reported proof.
Geoff Whittle announced recently during a visit to the UK that he, Jim Geelen, and Bert Gerards have solved Rota's Conjecture. It will take them some years to write up their research in its entirety and publish it. 

</doc>
<doc id="36760082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760082" title="Gershon Ashkenazi">
Gershon Ashkenazi

R' Gershon Ashkenazi studied under Joel Sirkis, the "Bach". He was also a talmid of the Maharam Shif, and the Rabbi Heschel of Kraków. 
During his lifetime R' Gershin was a recognized authority in Talmudic law. R' Gershon authored the sefer Avodas HaGersuhni.
The ritual inquiries directed to him while rabbi of Metz from western Germany and Alsace-Lorraine show that after his advent in that city he was really the spiritual and intellectual authority for the Jews of those countries. It was mainly in Metz that he exercised influence as a teacher. Ashkenazi was revered and loved by a large number of pupils whom he had the power to attract to himself. Chief among these was Rabbi David Oppenheim.

</doc>
<doc id="36760101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760101" title="North Watervliet Road–Paw Paw Lake Outlet Bridge">
North Watervliet Road–Paw Paw Lake Outlet Bridge

The North Watervliet Road–Paw Paw Lake Outlet Bridge, also known as Trunk Line Bridge No. 57, was an arch bridge in Watervliet Township, Michigan, that carried North Watervliet Road over the outlet of Paw Paw Lake into the Paw Paw River. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The bridge was demolished and replaced about 2008.
History.
The bridge was built by the Michigan State Highway Department in 1916 according to one of their standard plans; however, the specific plans for this bridge are thought not to have survived. W. B. Rogers served as contractor, and was paid $5,269 for building the bridge. According to the bridge plates, it was originally designated Trunk Line Bridge No. 57. A photograph of the bridge taken after the completion of construction was published in 1916 in the Sixth Biennial Report of the highway department.
The bridge was eligible for inclusion on the National Register of Historic Places under Criterion C, and was listed on December 17, 1999. Two other bridges in Berrien County, the Avery Road–Galien River Bridge and the Blossomland Bridge, were added the same day.
In 2008, a contract for the demolition of the bridge and replacement by a prestressed concrete I-beam bridge was awarded to L.W. Lamb, Inc., for a low bid of $770,181.00. The project was scheduled to begin in August 2008 and finish by May 2009.
Design and location.
The bridge was located north of Watervliet city limits at the east end of Paw Paw Lake where it empties into the Paw Paw River. The bridge was a reinforced concrete, barrel vaulted arch bridge. It was long and spanned . The parapet railings were constructed of solid concrete and had six recesses on each side. At the corners of the railings were Armco guard rails. There were identical bridge plates located at the north and south corners.
The North Watervliet Road–Paw Paw Lake Outlet Bridge was very similar to Trunk Line Bridge No. 237 in Hillsdale County.

</doc>
<doc id="36760102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760102" title="Westmarch (stadium)">
Westmarch (stadium)

Westmarch was a football stadium located on Greenhill Road in Paisley, Scotland, and was the home ground of St. Mirren F.C. from 1883 to 1894. After four years at their former home, Thistle Park, the Saints moved just a few hundred yards away to the Westmarch site.
The first match played at Westmarch was on 25 August 1883, and resulted in a shock 2-1 victory over Queen's Park.
Over its eleven seasons of football, Westmarch played host to 54 competitive matches, of which St Mirren won 28, lost 20 and drew 6, scoring 159 times and conceding 114.
The final game at the ground was against neighbours Abercorn in the final of the Paisley Charity Cup, a match that ended in a 10-0 victory for St Mirren.
The club opted to seek a new home when the Westmarch landlord doubled their rent, and moved a short way to Love Street. At the time of departure, Westmarch had two pitches, a pavilion, and a grandstand.
External links.
St Mirren Official Website

</doc>
<doc id="36760103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760103" title="Moomaw Glacier">
Moomaw Glacier

Moomaw Glacier is an alpine glacier in Rocky Mountain National Park in the U.S. state of Colorado. Moomaw Glacier is almost northeast of Isolation Peak and the old terminal moraine of the glacier impounds Frigid Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="36760104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760104" title="Dulce Amargo">
Dulce Amargo

Dulce Amargo (Bittersweet) is a Venezuelan telenovela produced and aired on Televen in co-production with Mexican channel Cadena Tres and distributed internationally by Telemundo. It is a remake of the Chilean telenovela "Los treinta" which is adapted by Venezuelan writer Iris Dubs. Official production of Dulce Amargo began on June 11, 2012, and premiered on October 31, 2012 in the prime-time hours.
Scarlet Ortiz and Erik Hayser star as the main protagonists with Fernando Noriega and Juliet Lima as the main antagonists. The co-protagonists include Roxana Díaz, Juan Carlos Martín del Campo, Alejandra Ambrosi, Carlos Guillermo Haydon, Alejandra Sandoval, Juan Carlos García, and Anabell Rivero.
It is the second telenovela produced in high definition by Televen after "Nacer Contigo" and the first to be co-produced with Cadena Tres. The cast is composed of Venezuelan, Mexican, and Colombian actors.
Plot.
"Dulce Amargo" focuses on five couples and their daily struggles. The main couple are Mariana and Nicholas, who are about to celebrate their seven year anniversary. Mariana, overwhelmed by the concern that she can develop a hereditary mental illness, decides to leave her husband and son to make them avoid the pain of seeing her suffering. But soon after, she will be unwittingly captivated by a new passion, and behind this romance will hide the madness of a psychopath. Nicholas and Mariana's friends try to help, but they must first resolve their own conflicts, including infidelity, jealousy, ambition, and addiction.
Dulce Amargo is a contemporary love story, full of suspense and excitement, in which the fall in love, as in real life, can be bitter sweet.
International Broadcasts.
! Country
! Network(s)
! Series premiere
! Series finale
! Title

</doc>
<doc id="36760115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760115" title="Ooriki Monagadu">
Ooriki Monagadu

Ooriki Monagadu is a 1981 Telugu film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao. The film stars Krishna and Jaya Prada in the lead roles. It was remade in Bollywood as "Himmatwala" in 1983 and as "Himmatwala" in 2013.
Plot.
Master Dharma Murti witnesses a murder of a man at the hands of Sher Singh Bandookwala. But Sher Singh with his might, terror and money sets free. In revenge he places Dharam Murti in an awkward position with a lady teacher, Menaka. Dharam Murti ashamed of this vacates his village and abandons his wife & children. His wife Savitri helps her son Ravi (Krishna) become an engineer who then resolves to fight against Bandookwala and get his father's spoilt reputation back. Bandookwala has terrorised all the villagers. His daughter Rekha (Jaya Prada) follows his footsteps and grows into an insensitive woman who tries to harass people. Ravi's sister Padma has to marry munimji's son Shakti as she is pregnant with his child. After marriage, Shakti and Bandookwala together start harassing Padma. Rekha falls in love with Ravi and decides to play same trick against the Bandookwala by pretending to be pregnant with Ravi's child. Ravi finds his father as a worker on a dam construction site. Ravi then presents Bandookwala guilty before the panchayat but is freed by Dharam Murti on condition that he should show affection to the poor and treat them well. Finally Bandookwala becomes a good man and then Ravi marries Rekha.

</doc>
<doc id="36760120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760120" title="Avery Road–Galien River Bridge">
Avery Road–Galien River Bridge

The Avery Road–Galien River Bridge is a bridge that carried Avery Road over the Galien River near New Troy, Michigan. The year of construction is uncertain, but it was built by 1928. The bridge is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
A map shows that the location of this bridge has served as a river crossing since at least 1860. Avery Road was constructed in 1922, and it is likely that the bridge was built at about the same time, but the year of construction is not known for sure. A set of road plans dated July 1922 shows what appears to be a one-lane bridge at the site, though there is no mention of a new bridge. A Historic Bridge Inventory Form completed in 1982 indicates that construction took place in 1928, a date repeated in a 1995 inventory. However, the minutes of the county road commission from 1926 to 1929 make no mention of the bridge, rendering the date suspect. The department's Tenth Biennial Report, for the period July 1, 1922 to June 30, 1924, lists a State Reward Bridge built by "W. Marshall & Son" that appears to be the same type and in the correct location. A bridge plate (since removed) corroborates this information, making a date "circa" 1923 likely. The bridge was built by the Michigan State Highway Department, during Frank F. Rogers time as commissioner, and the Board of Berrien County Road Commissioners. W. Marshall and Sons of Grand Rapids, Michigan, served as contractor.
At some point, a new bridge was built adjacent to the historic bridge that now carries Avery Road.
The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 17, 1999. Two other bridges in Berrien County, the Blossomland Bridge and the North Watervliet Road–Paw Paw Lake Outlet Bridge, were added the same day.
Design and location.
The Avery Road–Galien River Bridge is a curved-chord through-girder bridge designed according to standard plans. It is one of the oldest examples of this type of bridge. The bridge crosses the north-flowing Galien River at about its midpoint near the village of New Troy.

</doc>
<doc id="36760161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760161" title="Navajo Glacier">
Navajo Glacier

Navajo Glacier is an alpine glacier in Roosevelt National Forest in the U.S. state of Colorado. Navajo Glacier is on the north slope of Navajo Peak and about south of Isabelle Glacier.

</doc>
<doc id="36760164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760164" title="J. C. Molony">
J. C. Molony

John Chartres Molony (27 February 1877 - 5 September 1948) was an administrator and civil servant of the Indian civil service.
Early life.
Molony was born on 27 February 1877 at Ennis in County Clare, Ireland to James Barry Molony and Ellen Greene. Molony had his schooling at Portora Royal School, Enniskillen and graduated from Dublin University. Molony passed the Indian civil service examination in 1899.
Career.
Molony arrived in India in 1900 and was appointed Assistant Collector and Magistrate in the Madras Presidency and later rose to become District Collector. From 1908 to 1910, Molony served as Assistant Political Agent to the state of Banganapalle. Molony was the Census Commissioner for the Madras Presidency during the 1911 India census.
Molony served as Presidency and Mayor of the Madras Corporation from 1914 to 1919 and City Commissioner in 1920. Molony retired from the Indian civil service in 1925 and returned to the United Kingdom
Death.
Molony died on 5 September 1948 at the age of 71.

</doc>
<doc id="36760236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760236" title="Vera valor">
Vera valor

The Vera Valor is a dual Digital and physical gold currency of one troy ounce with no face value other than that of one ounce of "four nine" purity fine gold. The reverse side of the coin is particular by its embedded QR code which allows for digital liquidity.
History.
The coin was privately developed in France and released in late 2011. Since the Monnaie de Paris (Paris Mint) owns the state monopoly over the minting of coins endowed with a face value, the coin was designed to have no other face value than that of a troy ounce of fine gold, yet with a unique serial number to facilitate its use as a digital currency. Its obverse value indicates "Vera Valor" and 1 "ounce" written in English, French, Spanish, Arabic and Chinese while its reverse side displays a QR code which is unique for each coin. It is minted in Swizterland and comparable to the Chinese Gold Panda 

</doc>
<doc id="36760242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760242" title="Another Fine Mess (Chesney Hawkes album)">
Another Fine Mess (Chesney Hawkes album)

Another Fine Mess is the fourth studio album from singer Chesney Hawkes. The album was released on May 12, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36760244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760244" title="Ontario and Rainy River Railway">
Ontario and Rainy River Railway

The Ontario and Rainy River Railway existed briefly in the late 1800s. The rail line ran from Rainy River, Ontario to Fort Frances, Ontario with eventual plans to connect to Port Arthur, Ontario in the West and to the Manitoba and Southeastern Railway via a new Steel bridge at Rainy River. After the Baudette-Rainy River Rail Bridge was completed in 1901 the company was quickly absorbed by The Canadian Northern Railway which built a Round House, Bunks, a Hotel and several other pieces of equipment at the town. It later was taken over and absorbed by The Canadian National Railway Which still operates the line.

</doc>
<doc id="36760248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760248" title="Las Rejas metro station">
Las Rejas metro station

Las Rejas is an underground metro station on the Line 1 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. It was built in cut-and-cover method. 
Stairways at each corner of the concourse mezzanine connect with the platform level. The mezzanine is accessed from ground level via four entrances, two on each side of the Alameda Avenue. Each pair of entrances converge into a single corridor that leads to the mezzanine.
The station features an exposed concrete beam ceiling and its walls are decorated with blue-gray ceramic tiles, which replaced the original mosaic covering. Curved blue panels over the platforms form a sort of large cove molding.
This station has a moderate flow of passengers, increasing in the peak hours by the crowds commuting with Transantiago buses here.
Etymology.
The name of the station, comes from the Las Rejas avenue, coming from the old Las Rejas farm.

</doc>
<doc id="36760257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760257" title="Peck Glacier">
Peck Glacier

Peck Glacier is an alpine glacier in Roosevelt National Forest in the U.S. state of Colorado. Peck Glacier is northwest of Fair Glacier.

</doc>
<doc id="36760290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760290" title="Brisbane rugby league team">
Brisbane rugby league team

The Brisbane rugby league team was an Australian representative rugby league football side made up of players from the Brisbane Rugby League's first-grade premiership clubs. Also called Brisbane Firsts or Combined Brisbane, the team was assembled occasionally from 1907, the year rugby league football was first played in Australia, until 1987, the year before the Brisbane Broncos began competing in the NSWRL's Winfield Cup premiership.
History.
In 1907 a team made up of Brisbane rugby players was formed to play a game for the 1907–1908 New Zealand rugby tour of Australia and Great Britain, which the visiting 'All Blacks' won 43-10. The Bulimba Cup was a competition contested by the Brisbane, Ipswich and Toowoomba representative rugby league sides which started in 1925.
During the 1951 French rugby league tour of Australia and New Zealand, a Brisbane side was again formed to play against France, losing to the visitors in the last two minutes by a single point. The Bulimba Cup competition last took place in 1972. Brisbane had won it more than any other team.
A Combined Brisbane side reached the final of the 1979 AMCO Cup but lost 22-5 to the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks. Captained by Wally Lewis, Brisbane's side for the 1984 National Panasonic Cup, defeated the Eastern Suburbs Roosters 12-11 in the final at the Leichhardt Oval in Sydney. Members of the Brisbane team that night included Queensland and Australian representative players in Lewis, Mal Meninga, Gene Miles, Colin Scott, John Ribot, Joe Kilroy, Bob Lindner, Wally Fullerton-Smith, Bryan Niebling and Greg Dowling.
When the Brisbane Broncos assembled the team to play their first ever game in 1988, most of the inaugural 17 players (including Lewis, Scott, Miles, Kilroy, and Dowling) that defeated the defending NSWRL premiers Manly-Warringah 44-10 at Lang Park, had previously played in the Brisbane Rugby League's team. Later that year a combined Brisbane team played against the touring Great Britain Lions. Since 1988 a Queensland Residents side has occasionally been selected and drew heavily on the Brisbane Rugby League premiership until that competition ended in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36760293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760293" title="Louis Schmidt">
Louis Schmidt

Louis Schmidt was born on December 4, 1844 at Old Fort, near Fort Chipewyan and was baptised at Portage La Loche by Father Jean-Baptiste Thibault in July 1845. He died in Saint Louis, Saskatchewan near Batoche November 6, 1935.
In 1869 he was Secretary to the first Provisional Government organized in the Red River Colony.
Louis Schmidt sat as an elected member of the Manitoba Legislative Assembly for Saint Boniface West in 1870-1874 and again in 1878-1879.
He was the grandson of Alexis Bonami and a classmate of Louis Riel.

</doc>
<doc id="36760296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760296" title="2012 Philippine Piper Seneca crash">
2012 Philippine Piper Seneca crash

The 2012 Philippine Piper Seneca crash was the August 18, 2012 crash of a twin-engine light aircraft in the sea in the island province of Masbate in the Philippines. The Piper PA-34 Seneca was carrying four people, including Philippine Interior and Local Government Secretary Jesse Robredo. As a result of the crash, three of the four passengers died, including Robredo, who was traveling from Mactan, Cebu to Naga, Camarines Sur.
Background.
Interior Secretary Robredo and his aide, Police Chief Inspector June Paolo Abrazado, were in Cebu to attend the National Summit of the Community Investigative Support and the Criminal Investigation and Detection Group. Robredo was booked on an airline flight from Mactan-Cebu International Airport to Manila, but instead chartered an aircraft to take him to Naga so he could be with his family.
Flight and accident.
The aircraft was a Piper PA-34-200 Seneca I, registered RP-C4431. In addition to Robredo and Abrazado there were two crew on board; the pilot, who was also the CEO of Aviatour Air (the company that operated the aircraft); and the co-pilot, a Nepalese national.
En route to Naga the crew of the Seneca requested an emergency landing at Masbate Airport, citing engine problems. At around 15:30, Abrazado sent a text message, informing the recipient that they were returning to Cebu due to a problem with one of the propellers . He also asked to be re-booked for the earliest possible flight out of Mactan. However, at 16:02, Abrazado sent more messages, stating that the airplane was making an emergency landing at Masbate Airport.
The airplane then crashed into the sea off the shores of Masbate Island some away from the island's airport. Of the four people aboard the aircraft, the sole survivor, Robredo's aide, said that the airplane broke apart as it hit the water.
Aftermath.
Search and recovery.
More than 200 rescuers together with Philippine military divers and helicopters started searching for the passengers after the crash. Assistance was also provided by Korean technical divers and a lone German diver. Additionally, the United States Navy sent the USS "Safeguard", a rescue and salvage ship that was undergoing repairs in a dry dock at Subic Bay, to help.
Abrazado was then found about off the coast, along with the wreckage. The first part of the airplane found was the tip of the right wing. A flight manifest containing the name of Jesse Robredo was also found near the site of accident the next day. On August 20, debris from the aircraft was recovered.
President Benigno Aquino went to Masbate the day after the crash to personally receive updates on the situation. He was accompanied by Transport Secretary Mar Roxas, who said that special sonar equipment was also sent to aid in the search and that "we just want to do everything we can to save him ." Aquino also said that Abrazado was conscious and had only a few injuries.
On August 21, Roxas announced that divers had found the inverted fuselage and that Robredo's body was brought to shore by the Philippine Coast Guard. The wreckage was some from the Masbate shoreline at a depth of about . On August 22, divers recovered a second body, later identified as that of the pilot, by raising the wreckage to a depth of . The copilot's body was retrieved by the crew of a passenger ferry the next day after it was seen floating near the crash site.
Reaction.
The government called for a prayer vigil at a chapel in Manila. The company that owns the aircraft suspended its operations without waiting for an official order. Following the retrieval of Robredo's remains, President Aquino declared a national day of mourning and announced that a state funeral would be held, while flags were flown at half-mast. Paquito Ochoa, Jr. was named to Robredo's portfolio in an interim capacity.
Investigation.
President Aquino revealed details of the accident investigation and its findings during a media briefing on November 13, 2012. The investigation found that improper maintenance led to the right engine suffering an internal failure, which likely would have caused misfiring and intermittent operation of the fuel pump. The failure was gradual and the aircraft developed engine problems 23 minutes after take off. However, instead of turning back to Cebu, the pilot decided to continue the flight, until the engine failed completely 37 minutes later and the aircraft crashed during the subsequent attempt to land at Masbate. The investigation determined that the pilot didn't use the correct procedure for trying to land a Piper Seneca with one engine inoperative, in that he lowered the undercarriage and flaps too soon; and that during his last flight proficiency test he had not been tested with respect to flying with one engine inoperative.
The investigation found that the maintenance of the Seneca had been undertaken by Aviatour Air, but that the company was not authorised or approved to do so. It also found that records relating to a test flight for renewal of the aircraft's certificate of airworthiness in January 2012 had been falsified and that the test flight never took place. An airworthiness inspector of the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines was suspended from duty as a result, pending the outcome of a separate investigation. Representatives of the pilot's family and Aviatour Air disputed the findings.

</doc>
<doc id="36760306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760306" title="Manfred of Pécs">
Manfred of Pécs

Manfred was the elected bishop of Pécs () in 1306, but he died before his consecration. He was born before 1256. When the first record was made of him in 1277, Manfred was a canon at the cathedral chapter in Zagreb and dean of Gercse. He was promoted to the provostship of the cathedral chapter in 1292 at the latest. In his more than 29-year-long service in the Zagreb cathedral chapter, an important "place of authentication" in the Kingdom of Hungary, Manfred often witnessed the determination of borders between neighboring properties or acted as mediator between noblemen in Slavonia. The members of the cathedral chapter of Pécs elected Manfred bishop on 23 February 1306, but he died in some months.

</doc>
<doc id="36760320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760320" title="Flip-O-Potamus">
Flip-O-Potamus

Flip-O-Potamus is a Milton Bradley game released in 1986. Flip-O-Potamus is part of the T.H.I.N.G.S. family of games (Totally Hilarious Incredible Neat Games of Skill). With Flip-O-Potamus the goal is to flip as many as possible of the eight marbles into the hippo's mouth before the spring timer stops. On the back of Flip-O-Potamus is a timer arm which is pulled counterclockwise to start the timer. As the timer goes, Flip-O-Potamus' mouth opens and closes.
How to Play the game
Children's motorized action game. Part of a series of games entitled T.H.I.N.G.S. or Totally Hilarious Incredibly Neat Games of Skill. This is a hippopotamus themed game with a pop-a-shot mechanic. The goal is to flip all 8 plastic marbles into the hippos mouth before the time stops. The hippos mouth opens and closes while the player attempts to shoot in all the marbles.
From the box: "Flip the hippo a mouthful of marbles!"
Ages 5 and up for 1 or more players.

</doc>
<doc id="36760335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760335" title="Robert Young (soldier)">
Robert Young (soldier)

Major General Robert Young CB, CMG, DSO was a dentist, volunteer soldier, World War I brigade commander and professional New Zealand military officer. A British immigrant who came to New Zealand as a child, Young later rose to serve as a General Officer Commanding New Zealand Military Forces from 1925 to 1931. For service during World War I he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order, mentioned in despatches, and was one of only 14 members of the New Zealand Army to receive the French Legion of Honour during the war.
Early life.
Born at Sunderland, England in 1877 Young came to New Zealand with his parents as a child. The son of Reverend Robert Young Vicar of St Mark's in Carterton, he was educated at Nelson College and after further study began practice as a dentist. Young's history of military service began in 1898 when he joined the New Zealand Volunteer Forces serving in the Amuri Mounted Rifles (which was subsequently absorbed into the Canterbury Yeomanry Cavalry). Following his marriage to Florence Ward in 1899 he settled in Marton and began service with the Royal Rifles, rising to the rank of captain in 1910 before the unit was incorporated into the new 7th (Wellington-West Coast) Regiment in 1911.
World War I.
After the New Zealand Government declared war on Germany and made the decision to establish a New Zealand Expeditionary Force for overseas service, the Wellington Infantry Battalion was formed and began concentrating at Awapuni racecourse in Palmerston North from 12 August 1914. Young joined the unit in the Manawatu and was subsequently promoted to major and appointed Officer Commanding the 9th (Hawke's Bay) Company. The unit formed part of the New Zealand Infantry Brigade commanded by Brigadier-General Francis Earl Johnston, and Young departed New Zealand on board the troopship "Limerick" on 15 October 1914. This vessel was one of twelve troop ships of the main body of the New Zealand Expeditionary Force escorted in convoy by Allied warships, which stopped at Hobart, Albany and Colombo before arriving at the Suez Canal on 1 December 1914. The New Zealand Expeditionary Force established a training camp at Zeitoun and Young under the direction of his Commanding Officer Lieutenant Colonel William George Malone began training his 9th (Hawke's Bay) Company troops in earnest, until the New Zealand Infantry Brigade was called forward to participate in British operations against the Ottomans in the Suez Canal area from January to February 1915. On return from the field the Wellington Infantry Battalion returned to its training, until the newly formed New Zealand and Australian Division departed for the invasion of the Gallipoli Peninsula in late April 1915.
Gallipoli.
Young landed at Anzac Cove with the Wellington Battalion on 25 April 1915 and soon gained prominence as strong military leader. His 9th (Hawke’s Bay) Company moved up Walker's Ridge and defended positions at the Nek from continual Ottoman attacks, in what has been described as some of the severest fighting during the first day of the landings. Young helped push back a series of Turkish counter-attacks on 27 April and supported New Zealand attempts to breakout from the Anzac perimeter on 3 May. He was placed in command of the Auckland Infantry Battalion after their near destruction at Helles during the fight at the Daisy Patch and promoted to temporary lieutenant colonel. Young led the Aucklanders during the August Offensive when they sustained significant casualties in an assault at the Pinnacle on 7 August in their bid to take Chunuk Bair. Young remained in charge of the depleted Auckland Battalion as they defended positions on Rhododendron Spur throughout September before they were withdrawn to Lemnos to recuperate. After the Battalion returned to Gallipoli he handed the unit back to Lieutenant Colonel Arthur Plugge on 20 November, and then took command of the Canterbury Infantry Battalion where he was confirmed as a substantive lieutenant colonel. Young was placed in charge of all New Zealand Infantry Brigade rear parties as the New Zealanders withdrew from the Gallipoli Peninsula in the early hours of the morning on 20 December 1915.
Western Front.
After the withdrawal from Gallipoli the New Zealand Infantry Brigade was expanded into two brigades, which with the addition of the newly arrived New Zealand Rifle Brigade formed the New Zealand Division. The Division was transferred to the Western Front in May 1916 under the command of Major-General Andrew Hamilton Russell, with Young remaining in charge of what was now titled the 1st Canterbury Battalion. He commanded the unit as it became acclimatised to warfare on the Western Front at Armentières, and led it during New Zealand participation in the Battle of the Somme in September 1916. Young's capabilities as a commander were recognised when he was placed in temporary command of the 2nd New Zealand Infantry Brigade from 31 December 1916 to 6 January 1917 and then subsequently attached to Divisional Headquarters for liaison work during the Battle for Messines in June 1917. He took temporary command of the New Zealand Rifle Brigade in the rank of temporary colonel on 7 August 1917 when Brigadier-General Francis Earl Johnston was killed in action, but his time as a brigade commander was short lived when he was shot in the neck just two days later and evacuated to London. After recuperating in England Young returned to the Western Front on 4 December 1917 and assumed command of the 1st New Zealand Infantry Brigade in the rank of temporary Brigadier-General. He was subsequently shifted to command 2nd New Zealand Infantry Brigade on 19 February 1918, and led the Brigade as it prevented enemy penetration past Hamel as part of the German Spring Offensive on 26 March 1918. Young retained command of the 2nd New Zealand Infantry Brigade for the remainder of the War, seeing further action at the Battle of Bapaume and in the push to the Hindenburg line which contributed to German capitulation in November 1918.
Armistice.
Young led his brigade into Germany after the cessation of hostilities, where they undertook garrison duties as part of the Allied army of occupation. Then as the New Zealand Expeditionary Force began to draw down he was posted to Sling Camp in England on 10 April 1919, in command of a group soldiers awaiting their return voyage to New Zealand. Unfortunately, delays in obtaining transports for the return home resulted in considerable impatience and culminated in a camp riot. Young, who was held in great respect by the New Zealand soldiers, was called on to sort the matter out and his arrangements to ensure that married men were returned before single men helped alleviate the situation. He had the honour of leading New Zealand forces in the victory parade through London in May 1919, before leaving England on 11 July 1919 for demobilisation. On arrival in New Zealand Young was discharged from the New Zealand Expeditionary Force on 21 October 1919, but chose to continue service with the Permanent Staff of the New Zealand Military Forces.
Mid–war.
After his return to New Zealand, Young was appointed Honorary Aide de Camp to the Governor General in 1920 and served as Commander of the Canterbury Military District until 1921. He then served as Commander of the Southern Military District until 7 December 1925 when he was promoted to major-general and appointed General Officer Commanding New Zealand Military Forces. In this role Young was now the head of the army in which he had served since 1898, and key advisor on New Zealand military and defence issues to the New Zealand Government. He remained in this senior role until March 1931 when he retired, moving with his wife to Pohangia to assist their son on his sheep and cattle farm, before finally settling in Otaki.
World War II.
On the commencement of hostilities in August 1940 Young was appointed Dominion Commander of the Home Guard, and a year later Director-General of the Home Guard in the rank of brigadier based in Wellington. His task was to prepare and supervise a system of training sufficiently disciplined and thorough to create an "additional line of national defence of real potential value, and to hold the allegiance of men who have no spare time to give to mere paradings". The Home Guard's role was to limit the area of exploitation of any enemy invasion through the blocking of roads, demolitions, improvisation, and any other means of checking the invader. With the drain on skilled military instructors for the 2nd New Zealand Expeditionary Force, Young had to draw on the expertise of veteran officers and NCOs from World War I. He held this role until 1944 when the threat to New Zealand had sufficiently reduced to allow demobilisation of the Home Guard.
Post-war.
Young returned to Otaki after the War and became engaged in local affairs. He was elected to the Otaki Borough Council in 1945, was Horowhenua Power Board's Otaki representative and became a prominent member of the Otaki Bowling Club. Sadly, Young died in Otaki on 27 February 1953 at the age of 76 years. A well attended service was initially held in Otaki, before his coffin was taken by hearse to Thorndon, Wellington, where it was transferred to a gun-carriage and draped with the New Zealand flag in a funeral with full military honours. His ashes were subsequently interred at the Marton cemetery.
Awards and decorations.
In recognition of his outstanding bravery and leadership Young was awarded the Distinguished Service Order on 8 November 1915 for distinguished service in the field on Gallipoli. For his service as Commanding Officer of the Auckland Infantry Battalion on Gallipoli Young was made a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George and later for his leadership and gallant conduct as a brigade commander he was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath. Young was also Mentioned in Dispatches five times in recognition of his excellent service and appointed a Chevalier of the Légion d’honneur by the President of France in February 1916. This French award is uncommon to New Zealanders with fewer than 100 awards made, and Young was one of only 14 members of the New Zealand Expeditionary Force to be decorated with the Legion of Honour during the War.

</doc>
<doc id="36760346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760346" title="1984 United States men's Olympic basketball team">
1984 United States men's Olympic basketball team

The 1984 United States men's Olympic basketball team competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, representing the United States. The team, coached by Indiana Hoosiers coach Bob Knight, won the gold medal. It was the last amateur U.S. team to win an Olympic gold medal in men's basketball. The Olympic tournament was notable in that many Eastern Bloc countries opted to boycott the games in retaliation of the United States' boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.
Olympic trials.
Trials for the team were held in April 1984 on the campus of Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana. Seventy players attended the trials. Kentucky post players Sam Bowie and Melvin Turpin chose to skip the trials to concentrate on the upcoming 1984 NBA Draft, and Keith Lee of Memphis State, Len Bias of Maryland and Kenny Smith of North Carolina ultimately pulled out as well. Knight led the trials with assistant coaches George Raveling, Don Donoher and C. M. Newton, whittling the prospects to twenty by the end of the first week.
During the trials, Auburn junior Charles Barkley impressed with his performance - most observers felt he and North Carolina guard Michael Jordan were the two top performers. However, Barkley's and Knight's strong personalities did not mesh and Barkley was one of the last cuts for the roster. Released with Barkley in the penultimate cut from 20 to 16 players in May were John Stockton, Terry Porter, and Maurice Martin. Knight's final cut to twelve players came in June, and the final four let go were Tim McCormick, Lancaster Gordon, Johnny Dawkins, and Chuck Person (Dawkins and Person served as alternates for the team). The most controversial selection was Knight's own player, Steve Alford, who at 19 was the team's youngest player and who most did not expect to make the team.
Olympic tournament.
The team went 8-0 in the Olympic tournament, averaging 95.4 points per game and holding their opponents to 63.3. Four players averaged double-figures: Michael Jordan (17.1), Chris Mullin (11.6), Patrick Ewing (11.0) and Steve Alford (10.3). Wayman Tisdale led the team in rebounding (6.4 per game), while Leon Wood led the team in assists (7.9 per game).
Legacy.
The 1984 Olympics was a coming out party for Michael Jordan, who led the U. S. team in scoring and dazzled the worldwide viewing audience with his athletecism and speed. In addition to Jordan, the team featured two other future Hall of Famers in Patrick Ewing and Chris Mullin (who would later reunite with Jordan as a part of the 1992 Dream Team). The team was considered one of the strongest in U. S. history as it featured four of the five 1984 consensus first team All-Americans - Jordan, Ewing, Tisdale and Sam Perkins. Jordan recalled that while this Olympic experience was exciting, it had been difficult because of Knight. "I don't know if I would have done it if I knew what Knight was going to be like" he would be quoted later. 
The Olympics and trials helped the draft stock of several players. Vern Fleming and Jeff Turner parlayed their Olympic exposure into first round spots in the 1984 draft, while several players cut from the team either received strong recommendations from Knight (John Stockton, Tim McCormick) or benefitted from exposure from the trials (Barkley, Lancaster Gordon).

</doc>
<doc id="36760363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760363" title="Y los declaro marido y mujer">
Y los declaro marido y mujer

Y los declaro marido y mujer (And I now pronounce you husband and wife)was a Venezuelan telenovela produced and broadcast by RCTV between 2006 and 2007 and distributed internationally by RCTV International. Marjorie de Sousa and Juan Pablo Raba starred as the main protagonists with Veronica Schneider, Hugo Vasquez and Christina Dieckmann accompanying them as co-protagonists. Marlene De Andrade and Carlos Guillermo Haydon starred as the main antagonists.
Synopsis.
Four beautiful women: Saoia, Elizabeth, Rebecca and Eloína, are part of the paradise island of Margarita, between necessity and convenience for their partner deal with issues of fidelity and love navigating the difficult waters of interest personal and real feelings.
One disappointment is the beginning of the story: Saoia Ephraim discovers that her boyfriend is married and this, to be discovered, promises to divorce without making good his promise, as a daughter still Eloína joins his wife, who will make happiness impossible .
On the way through John Andrew, married to Elizabeth, who is the boss at the ad agency in charge of a campaign to Margarita Island.
Rebecca, who believes he is happily married, discovers that her marriage is a sham concocted by Gustavo. Her friend Elizabeth is the symbol of the good life while her husband refuses to have children.
Four seasoned women, different, sweet and sometimes jealous, facing in a merciless war for control of the territory and the love of his men.

</doc>
<doc id="36760384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760384" title="Flaoui">
Flaoui

Flaoui or Fleywe is a small village located northwest of Baalbek, Lebanon in the Baalbek District of Beqaa Governorate in Lebanon. It is located near the north-south road that runs from Boudai to Chlifa.
A Heavy Neolithic archaeological site of the Qaraoun culture is located in the area on fielded slopes of a small valley facing the Beqaa valley. It was discovered by Lorraine Copeland and Frank Skeels in 1965 with materials examined by Henri Fleisch. Worked tools were found made from abundant nodules of silicious, grey-yellow limestone. The material suggested to be Heavy Neolithic consisted of massive, rough cores and flakes with another group being found that showed resemblance to an assemblage termed by Fleisch the Micro-Mousterian. The site was under cultivation in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="36760398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760398" title="Tom Eisenhuth">
Tom Eisenhuth

Tom Eisenhuth (born 17 July 1992) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Penrith Panthers of the National Rugby League. He primarily plays centre and second-row.
Playing career.
Born in the Blue Mountains, New South Wales, Eisenhuth played his junior football for the Lower Mountains before being signed by the Penrith Panthers. He played for the Panthers' NYC team from 2010 to 2012, scoring 8 tries in 47 games.
In Round 24 of the 2012 NRL season, Eisenhuth made his NRL debut for the Panthers in their 18-16 win over the New Zealand Warriors at Mt Smart Stadium.
Representative career.
Eisenhuth has played for the New South Wales Under 18's team.
On 2 October 2012, Eisenhuth was named on the bench in the Junior Kangaroos team to face the Junior Kiwis.

</doc>
<doc id="36760447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760447" title="List of top TT Pro League goal scorers by season">
List of top TT Pro League goal scorers by season

The following is a list of the top goal scorers in the TT Pro League since its inception in 1999. In each season, the top ten goal scorers are listed with their respective number of goals and club(s). Although incomplete statistics and goal scoring records exist for the 1999 through 2003–04 seasons, a list of the known top ten goal scorers are provided. If there are six or more players tied for tenth position in a season, then the players are excluded from the list.
Arnold Dwarika and Nigel Pierre became the first Pro League goal scorers to record ten or more goals in consecutive seasons between 1999 and 2000. One season later, Rolston James joined the duo to become the third Pro League goal scorer to record ten or more goals in consecutive seasons during 2000 and 2001. However, Saint Lucian Earl Jean of W Connection became the first player to achieve ten or more goals in three consecutive seasons in 2005–07, which included a share of the Golden Boot in 2005 with 14 goals. However, following the 2010–11 season, Devorn Jorsling became the first Pro League player to score ten or more goals in four consecutive seasons from 2007–11.
In addition, Nigel Pierre became the first player to finish in the top ten goal scorers in three consecutive seasons from 1999–2001. Kenwyne Jones later became the second player after the Trinidad and Tobago international scored 9, 18, and 12 goals respectively during the 2002–04 seasons. Moreover, Anthony Wolfe became the third to finish in the top ten scorers for three consecutive seasons from 2004–06. Devorn Jorsling later became the first player to finish in the top ten goal scorers in seven consecutive seasons after having earned the achievement in the 2007–14 seasons. In addition, Jorsling also holds the milestone of having finished in the top ten goal scorers on seven separate occasions.
On four separate occasions, five of the top ten positions in league scoring were held by foreign players. The first occurrence was in 2000 when Keith Gumbs (Saint Kitts and Nevis), José Maria Manoel and Gefferson (Brazil), Earl Jean (Saint Lucia), and Kendall Velox (Saint Vincent and the Grenadines) were among the top goal scorers in the league season. On the other hand, 2010–11 saw all ten top scorers for the season originate from Trinidad and Tobago for the first time, which was repeated in 2011–12 and 2013–14.

</doc>
<doc id="36760451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760451" title="GaymerX">
GaymerX

GaymerX (formerly GaymerCon) is a fan facing, LGBTQ-oriented gaming and geek culture, or gaymer, convention, with panels primarily focused on LGBTQ issues and debates in the gaming industry, founded by Matt Conn
The first instance was financed through a crowdfunding campaign on Kickstarter, and occurred on August 3–4, 2013 in San Francisco, CA. Organizers have said the event is about uniting gay gamers, not creating a division among gamers, as they want to create a "safe place" for LGBT gamers.
GaymerX2 will be held at the InterContinental Hotel in San Francisco from July 11–13, 2014.
The planned convention began with significant news coverage of its initial Kickstarter launch, but the event achieved more widespread attention after the anti-gay Westboro Baptist Church, known widely as a hate group that pickets espousing homophobic statements, announced that they would protest the convention,
GaymerX Fundraising campaign.
GaymerX began with a Kickstarter project launched on August 1, 2012, which was covered by sites such as Examiner and GamePolitics.com. The convention raised over $14,000 in its first two days, exceeded its goal of $25,000 as early as August 6, and ended with over $90,000. Throughout the fundraising campaign, organizers added new support levels, in addition to existing support levels that include admission to the event and voice acting from Ellen McLain. At a session during the convention, McLain took part as assistant on a marriage proposal to help an attendee propose to his boyfriend by voicing a version of the song Still Alive with reworked lyrics.
GaymerX2.
GaymerX2 will be held at the InterContinental Hotel from July 11–13, 2014 in downtown San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="36760472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760472" title="2012 Texas Tennis Open – Doubles">
2012 Texas Tennis Open – Doubles

Alberta Brianti and Sorana Cîrstea were the defending champions, but both chose not to participate this year.<br>
Marina Erakovic and Heather Watson won the title after defeating Līga Dekmeijere and Irina Falconi 6–3, 6–0 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36760484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760484" title="Rowe Glacier">
Rowe Glacier

Rowe Glacier is an alpine glacier in Rocky Mountain National Park in the U.S. state of Colorado. Rowe Glacier is north of Hagues Peak and is the source of the North Fork Big Thompson River. Rowe Glacier was the first glacier to be identified in Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="36760488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760488" title="Adam Docker (rugby league)">
Adam Docker (rugby league)

Adam Docker (born 21 January 1991) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Penrith Panthers of the National Rugby League. He primarily plays second-row and lock.
Playing career.
Born in Sydney, Australia, Docker played his junior football for the Shellharbour Sharks before being signed by the St. George Illawarra Dragons. He played for the Dragons' NYC team in 2010 and 2011, scoring 2 tries in 14 games before signing with the Penrith Panthers. He played for the Panthers' NSW Cup reserve-grade team in 2012.
In Round 24 of the 2012 NRL season, Docker made his NRL debut for the Panthers in their 18-16 win over the New Zealand Warriors at Mt Smart Stadium. Docker scored his first try in Panthers colours in a trial match against Newtown on 23/02/14.

</doc>
<doc id="36760512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760512" title="Lew Watts">
Lew Watts

Llewellyn 'Lew' Watts III was a baseball player and coach in the United States. He played professionally as a pitcher for the St. Louis Browns and wrote a book titled "The Fine Art of Baseball" that was published in 1964.
Watts completed two seasons of play in the minor leagues before pitching for the Browns. He later became a baseball coach, and teacher. He was coach and mentor to Major League players Erik Hanson and Brian Meyer.
Before playing baseball professionally, Watts served aboard the USS Rich (DE-695) during World War II for the United States Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="36760523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760523" title="Gondavale">
Gondavale

Gondavale is 64 km from Satara. It is in Maan taluka. It is a samadhi place of Shri BrahmaChaitanya Gondavalekar Maharaj (श्रीब्रह्मचैतन्य गोंदवलेकर महाराज). Gondavale is a very famous pilgrimage place. It gets crowd on every pournima (पौर्णिमा) and at the time of Shri Raamnavmi, Gurupournima, Gokulashtami, Daasnavmi.
Gondavale is famous for Gondavalekar Maharaj math. Gondavalekar Maharaj was devotee of the god Rama. He spent a lifetime teaching the importance of peace. He showed path of devotion of god Rama to thousands of devotees. He taught a Mantara to people "Shri Ram Jay Ram Jay Jay Ram (श्रीराम जयराम जय जय राम)". There are lots of temples in Gondavale some of them are shri Aaisaheba's Temple, shri Appa maharaj samadhi, Thorale Ram mandir, Dhakate Ram mandir, Datt mandir, Hanuman mandir etc.
How to reach.
By Road.
Satara - Gondavale distance is 64 km. Direct Buses are available from Satara to Gondavale. Or you can visit Gondavale with your own vehicle also.
By Train.
Nearest Railway station is "Koregaon". You can reach Koregaon by Train.

</doc>
<doc id="36760529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760529" title="David Oppenheim (rabbi)">
David Oppenheim (rabbi)

David Oppenheim (1664–1736) was the chief rabbi of Prague.
Personal background.
Oppenheim was born in 1664 in Worms, where his father, Abraham, was a communal leader. David Oppenheim's teachers included Gershon Ashkenazi and Ya'akov Sack (father of Tsevi Ashenazi, the Hakham Tsevi). In 1681, he married Gnendl, daughter of the court Jew Leffmann Behrends (Lipmann Cohen) of Hanover.

</doc>
<doc id="36760545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760545" title="Azores Day">
Azores Day

Azores Day () is a regional holiday established to commemorate the Azorean political autonomy established in the Portuguese constitution, following the Carnation Revolution. The date corresponds to the festival of the Holy Spirit, a celebration based in the archipelago's religious and cultural history, held on the Sunday of Pentecosts, a movable public holiday observed only in the archipelago of the Azores.
History.
It had its base in other attempts to implement a level of autonomy, like the 19th century decree of 2 March 1895.
It was in June 1976 that the regional elections installed the first Legislature of the Azores, followed by the installation of a Government for the region, and later direct universal local authority elections in December.
At the state level, the "Day of the Azores" corresponds to "Dia de Portugal, de Camões e das Comunidades Portuguesas" (Portugal Day), instituted by Portuguese decrees 51/92 (11 April 1992), 39B/78 (2 March 1978) and 80/77 (4 March 1977). Ironically, the day, instituted within the Third Portuguese Republic does not correspond to the Portugal's creation: some suggest that day was 24 June 1128, the day that Afonso Henriques defeated his adversaries in Guimarães, while another thesis supported 24 July 1137, when this nobleman defeat the Moors at the Battle of Ourique.
The "Day of the Azores", designated to the "Dia da Região Autónoma dos Açores" ("Day of the Autonomous Region of the Azores"), corresponds to the Monday of the Holy Spirit, held annually on 16 May. It was legislated by the government of Mota Amaral in 21 August 1980, under Regional Decree 13/89/A. At the original celebrations, apart from representatives of the government, the President of the Regional Legislature, Álvaro Monjardino and Minister of the Republic Henrique Horta were in attendance. 
The preamble of the regional law justifies the institution of this day as both historic and based on the sentiments of Azoreans worldwide: :"" small communities, isolated for centuries, the Azores and kept cults, popular practices deeply and totally rooted in everyday life and distinctly Portuguese origin. Perhaps the most significant of them all will be the celebration of the Holy Spirit - that intertwine of the noblest Christian traditions with the celebration of spring, of life, of solidarity and Hope - whose vitality celebration extends naturally to all Azorean cores around the world. The celebrations the Holy Spirit are spontaneous, as vivid and intense as the nature of things, they impose an inevitable rest on the first business day that follows them. Because they are the most popular days of rest and recreation throughout the region, it is fair to consecrate day as an affirmation of Azorean identity, of their philosophy of life and its regional unity - the base and justification of political autonomy to them recognized and proudly exercise"".
Commemorations.
Overtime the original context of Azores Day has changed from a commemoration of a "Day of Autonomy" to one based on the celebration of the political, religious, traditional and historic context of the Azores within Portugal. Political quarrels between the Azores and the national government are usually highlighted during these celebrations, with political commentaries made by the President of the Regional Government. 
The Regional Government has traditionally, since 1980, held official celebrations on each island of the Azores. In 1997, Azores Day was marked in Ponta Delgada, with the solemn opening of the "Galeria dos Autonomistas" ("Autonomists' Gallery"), in the Palace of Conceição (seat of the Regional Government). After this date, the celebrations marking the Day of the Azores, which since 2006 had already been marked with bestowing honours to illustrious Azoreans, began to occur on the various islands of the archipelago and Azorean communities abroad: Angra do Heroísmo (1998); Horta (1999 and 2006); Santa Cruz das Flores (2000); Fall River, Massachusetts, United States (2001); Ribeira Grande (2002); Ponta Delgada (2003); Santa Cruz da Graciosa (2004); Vila do Porto (2005); São Roque do Pico (2007); Velas (2008); Toronto, Ontario, Canada (2009); Vila do Corvo (2010); Praia da Vitória (2011) and Povoação (2012). During the celebration in Povoação, 47 honours (merit and recognition) were bestowed to Azoreans or Luso-descendents in the fields of industry, commerce, and agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="36760556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760556" title="National Inventors Council">
National Inventors Council

The National Inventors Council (NIC) was a United States government organization established in 1940 as part of the Department of Commerce's Office of Technical Services (OTC). It was designed to serve as a clearinghouse for inventions with possible military and national defense uses, and to bring these to the attention of the U.S. armed forces.
Most active during World War II, the NIC continued into the mid-1950s. Its functions were transferred to the National Bureau of Standards when the Commerce Department abolished the OTC.
In 1973, the NIC was transferred from the National Bureau of Standards to the private sector, where it was became overseen by the Academy of Applied Science and the Franklin Pierce Law Center.
As of at least 2009, its files are stored at the Washington National Record Center.

</doc>
<doc id="36760566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760566" title="Voi River">
Voi River

The Voi River (Goshi River) is a river in Coast Province, Kenya, East Africa. It originates in the Taita Hills and flows past the town of Voi and through the Tsavo East National Park before emptying into the sea at Kilifi. Its total length is about . However, in the dry season only the last (lower) eighty kilometres has water in it.
Aruba Dam.
Aruba Dam was built in 1952 across the Voi River. The reservoir created by the dam attracts many animals and water birds.
Mouth.
At the mouth of the Voi, the river flows into the Goshi Estuary. the Goshi Estuary flows into a narrow neck where there is a bridge between the Shauri Moyo beach and Kilifi. The neck is known as Kilifi Creek and is about long between the estuary and the sea.

</doc>
<doc id="36760577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760577" title="San Francisco general election, November 2012">
San Francisco general election, November 2012

The November 2012 San Francisco general elections were on November 6, 2012, in San Francisco, California. The elections included six seats to the San Francisco Board of Supervisors, four seats to the San Francisco Board of Education, four seats to the San Francisco Community College Board, and seven San Francisco ballot measures.
Board of Education.
Three incumbents ran for reelection, while one, Norman Yee, ran for a seat on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors. Each voter was allowed to cast up to four votes.
Community College Board.
Three incumbents ran for reelection, while one, Rodrigo Santos, is seeking his first election after being appointed by Mayor Ed Lee. Each voter wa allowed to cast up to four votes.
Propositions.
Proposition A.
Proposition A would levy an annual $79 parcel tax for eight years to provide funding for several City College of San Francisco programs. This measure required a two-thirds majority to pass.
Proposition B.
Proposition B would authorize the City to issue $195 million in bonds to fund repairs and improvements in parks and public open spaces. This measure required a two-thirds majority to pass.
Proposition C.
Proposition C would establish a Housing Trust Fund to fund construction and maintenance of affordable housing, provide for loan assistance and foreclosure relief, and fund neighborhood improvements; reduce on-site affordable-housing requirements; and authorize the construction of 30,000 low-rental units in the city.
Proposition D.
Proposition D would shift the elections of City Attorney and Treasurer to the same year as those of the Mayor, District Attorney, and Assessor-Recorder.
Proposition E.
Proposition E would phase in a gross receipts tax and phase out a payroll tax in a revenue-neutral manner and increase business registration fees.
Proposition F.
Proposition F would require the City to study the draining of Hetch Hetchy Reservoir and the identifying of replacement water and power sources.
Proposition G.
Proposition G would make it City policy to oppose corporate personhood and that corporations are subject to political spending limits.

</doc>
<doc id="36760579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760579" title="Nikola Girke">
Nikola Girke

Nikola Girke (born December 30, 1977 in Grande Prairie, Alberta) is a Canadian sailor. She has competed in three Olympic games, most recently the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom, in which she finished 10th in the RS:X.

</doc>
<doc id="36760589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760589" title="Peruvian Viceroyal architecture">
Peruvian Viceroyal architecture

The Peruvian viceroyal architecture, developed in the Viceroyalty of Peru between the 16th and 19th centuries, was characterized by the importation and adaptation of European architectural styles to the Peruvian reality, yielding an original architecture.
Early academia has tended to view the Spanish architectural and religious takeover as complete and swift, but revisionist history emphasizes the lasting role of the indigenous in religious architecture. 
The use of building systems as the quincha, the ornamentation of Andean iconography and solutions to give new forms to Peruvian viceroyal architecture an own identity.
Renaissance Style.
In the early days of the colony was developed the Renaissance style, which had occurred in Europe following the stream of the Italian Renaissance. This style was characterized by the use of ornaments and watermarks that were giving away the architectural lines of the building's likeness chiseled work of silver, hence the name plateresque and where art blends Gothic, Romanesque and Arabic of the colonial period, from the 16th to mid-17th century. These are magnificent examples of this style in Lima facades of the Cathedral of Lima and the Casa de Pilatos. In Ayacucho the facades of the churches of San Francisco and La Merced.
Baroque style.
The Baroque was distinguished and characterized by his heavy ornamentation, of predominantly curved lines, giving an aspect of free movement. Predominant decorative elements in columns, pilasters (columns embedded), cornices, and a modification of the classical forms, the Greek columns lose its purity to wring, as thick snakes, its trunks to form Solomonic column and ornaments acquired great exuberance.
A characteristic feature of this style is the rustication that appears on the walls of the Monastery of San Francisco, Lima. This style prevailed since the middle of the 17th to the late 18th century. Gave rise to Churrigueresque and Rococo. Are representative examples of Baroque in Lima, the Torre Tagle Palace, the churches of San Francisco and San Marcelo. In Cuzco the Cathedral of Cuzco (mestizo baroque), the churches of Santo Domingo and San Sebastián. In Arequipa the Church of la Compañía.
Churrigueresque baroque.
It was the most ornate Baroque and distinguished by the use of complicated and whimsical ornaments exaggerated, his advocate was a Spanish architect named José de Churriguera. These are magnificent examples of this style in Lima the facade of churches of Nuestra Señora de la Merced and San Agustín.
French baroque or Rococo.
In the 18th century, with the introduction of the French Bourbon dynasty, came to Spain this style that was characterized by non-rounded balconies, the decrease of ornaments in the ornamentation in columns (these are less twisted) while the characteristics of the baroque are the use of curves and undulating lines.
Are characteristic of rococo the Quinta de Presa, the Casa de Larriva (rococo facade but Granadian), the Trece Monedas House (rococo facade Lima), the Osambela House and Paseo de Aguas, all located in Lima.
Neoclassical style.
In the late 18th and early 19th century came the style called neoclassical, which was characterized by the dominance of a trend towards the return of the classic styles of Greco-Roman architecture (using Romanesque columns with Corinthian capitals and without ornamentation, straight lines and simplicity in them, in addition to triangular frontispiece).
It was as a reaction against the baroque. These are magnificent examples of this style the altar and the towers of the Cathedral of Lima, the facade of the Basilica and Convent of San Pedro, the main altar of the Basilica and Convent of San Francisco, pilasters of the Osambela House, the facade of Fort Santa Catalina and Presbyter Matías Maestro Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="36760597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760597" title="Faculté des Sciences Infirmières de l'Université Épiscopale d'Haïti à Léogâne">
Faculté des Sciences Infirmières de l'Université Épiscopale d'Haïti à Léogâne

La Faculté des Sciences Infirmières de l'Université Épiscopale d'Haïti à Léogâne or FSIL (English- "Faculty of Nursing Science of the Episcopal University of Haiti in Léogâne") is a baccalaureate nursing school located in Léogâne, Haiti. It is the only four-year nursing school in Haiti and is part of the Université Épiscopale d'Haïti (UNEPH).
The first class was admitted in January, 2005.
The Dean is Hilda Alcindor, BA, RN.
The college receives financial support from the nonprofit 501(c)(3) Haiti Nursing Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="36760621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760621" title="Tall Hours in the Glowstream">
Tall Hours in the Glowstream

Tall Hours in the Glowstream is the third album by Cotton Jones, which was released on August 24, 2010. Michael Nau and Whitney McGraw recorded the majority of the album in their living room while they were staying in Winterville, Georgia, and the sound of the record is equal parts gospel, Southern soul, and backwoods folk. The album is an evolution from the Southern Gothic nocturnal vibes of "The River Strumming" and the moody, misty psych-folk of "Paranoid Cocoon" into a brighter, shimmering baroque pop similar in spirit to their contemporaries Fleet Foxes.

</doc>
<doc id="36760624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760624" title="Aruba (disambiguation)">
Aruba (disambiguation)

Aruba is an island in the Caribbean Sea.
Aruba may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36760648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760648" title="Beyond the Axis of Truth">
Beyond the Axis of Truth

Beyond the aXis of Truth (法医X档案) is a Singaporean crime drama series which aired in June 2001.
Synopsis.
Forensic pathologist Chen Xueming and CID officer Wu Pinyu work together on several murder cases. 
The first case involves a drowning victim Liao Yongwei and her paraplegic lover Li Zeyuan. When Zeyuan is hospitalised, Yongwei's estranged husband is mysteriously attacked at a bowling alley and later burned at the hospital.
Right after the first case was closed, Xueming and Yupin are called to a string of bodies which showed signs of having been frozen at some point. Nothing seems to match up and their best lead is a mentally disturbed young woman.
A vehicle accident fatality was reportedly seen walking out of the ambulance. Several accidents and incidents connected to the "dead man" occur but the presence of blood and no matching victim proves baffling. A string of corpses of criminals wanted by the police are found drained of their blood. Xueming and Pinyu suspect they might be dealing with no ordinary criminal.

</doc>
<doc id="36760651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760651" title="Siege of Figueras (1811)">
Siege of Figueras (1811)

The Siege of Figueras, which lasted from 10 April to 19 August 1811, saw the Spanish garrison of Sant Ferran Castle (San Fernando Fortress) led by Brigadier General Juan Antonio Martínez defend against an Imperial French force commanded by Marshal Jacques MacDonald and his deputy Louis Baraguey d'Hilliers. Martínez and his men held out much longer than expected but were eventually starved into surrendering the fortress, which was near Figueres. The action occurred during the Peninsular War, part of the Napoleonic Wars. 
On the night of 9 and 10 April 1811, a Spanish guerilla force led by the priest Francesc Rovira i Sala seized the Sant Ferran Castle from its Italian garrison in a well-executed "coup de main". Within a few days, the fortress was manned by 3,000 Catalan miquelets and 1,500 Spanish regulars and placed under the command of Martínez. A furious Emperor Napoleon demanded that the strategic fort be retaken and 15,000 Imperial troops were amassed for the purpose. MacDonald pleaded with Louis Gabriel Suchet for reinforcements, but that general refused to send a single soldier and went ahead with his intended Siege of Tarragona. When Suchet invested Tarragona, Luis González Torres de Navarra, Marquess of Campoverde leading the Army of Catalonia immediately withdrew the divisions of Pedro Sarsfield and Joaquín Ibáñez Cuevas y de Valonga, Baron de Eroles from the vicinity of Figueres and moved to defend Tarragona. 
MacDonald made no attempt to breach Sant Ferran's walls by cannon fire; rather he waited for hunger to compel a surrender. With his food nearly gone, Martínez launched a breakout attempt but it failed to pierce the siege lines. By the time the garrison capitulated, 4,000 of the besiegers had died, mostly from malaria, dysentery, and other diseases. Of the defenders, 1,500 died from enemy action and hunger, 2,000 marched into captivity, and 1,000 were too badly wounded or sick in the fortress hospital to leave. Though the Spanish lost Sant Ferran in the end and failed to stop Suchet from capturing Tarragona, they tied up the entire VII Corps for the summer of 1811.
Background.
On 2 January 1811, General of Division Louis Gabriel Suchet successfully wrapped up the Siege of Tortosa when its 3,974-man Spanish garrison capitulated. Afterward, Suchet left General of Brigade Pierre-Joseph Habert and a French garrison in Tortosa and marched his prisoners back to Zaragosa under escort. Freed from his responsibility to cover the siege, Marshal Jacques MacDonald moved his force toward Valls where he bumped into the enemy. In the Battle of Pla on 15 January, MacDonald's vanguard received a drubbing from General Pedro Sarsfield's division and General of Brigade Francesco Orsatelli Eugenio was mortally wounded. Rather than avenge this setback, MacDonald elected to force-march his 12,000-man corps to Montblanc on the night of the 16th. From there he moved to Lleida (Lérida).
Annoyed with MacDonald's lackluster performance, Emperor Napoleon confined his sphere of operations to northern Catalonia and assigned the territories southwest of Barcelona to Suchet. In addition, Napoleon insisted that MacDonald hand over 17,000 troops to his colleague. The emperor ordered Suchet to capture Tarragona and promised him a promotion to marshal if successful. Accordingly, Suchet completed the reorganization of his army and moved toward Tarragona in April 1811. But on 21 April, Suchet received the shocking news that the fortress of Figueres had been seized by the Catalan partisans. Both MacDonald and the governor of Barcelona, General of Division Maurice Mathieu begged Suchet to send help but were turned down. Suchet calculated that by the time he sent one or two divisions to help, a month would have passed. He predicted that Napoleon could more quickly send reinforcements from France to Figueres, only from the border. Later, when the emperor heard of Suchet's action, he heartily approved of it. 
In 1811, the Sant Ferran fortress was about 60 years old. The powerful citadel was designed and constructed in the reign of King Ferdinand VI of Spain and named San Fernando (Sant Ferran). In the form of a circular bastioned enceinte, the fortress stood on a hill overlooking Figueres and the highway from Barcelona to Perpignan, France. To reach the front gate, an attacker had to march up a steep slope on a road with several switchbacks. Sant Ferran fortress capitulated to the French Republican army of General of Division Dominique Catherine de Pérignon on 28 November 1794. This event occurred eight days after the Spanish defeat in the Battle of the Black Mountain during the War of the Pyrenees. 
On 18 March 1808, 200 Imperial French soldiers asked to be admitted within the precincts of the fortress and were allowed in, since the French were believed to be allies. Once inside, they seized the main gate and opened it to an entire regiment. The stunned Spanish garrison was quickly expelled. Since its capture, the French had used Sant Ferran as a major supply base for the sieges of Roses in 1808 and Gerona in 1809. But after three years, the French generals grew complacent and in April 1811 the key fort was only held by an Italian provisional battalion.
Rovira's coup.
General of Brigade François Gilles Guillot was the governor of the fortress. His garrison was made up of replacements from the French-allied Kingdom of Italy and Kingdom of Naples. Guillot was "negligent and easy-going" according to historian Charles Oman. The small size of the garrison and the governor's slackness inspired the fighting priest Francesc Rovira i Sala and the leaders of the miquelets to attempt to seize the fort in a coup de main. Rovira was in contact with three young Spaniards who had access to the fort and who posed as pro-French. Juan Marquez was the servant of Bouclier, the commissary of the fortress, while the brothers Ginés and Pedro Pons were under-storekeepers. Marquez managed to make copies of the keys to one postern gate and the storerooms. Rovira requested help from the commander of the Army of Catalonia, Captain General Luis Gonzalez Torres de Navarra, Marquess of Campoverde and the general promised support for the operation. 
On 7 April 1811, Rovira and his lieutenants assembled 2,000 miquelets north of Olot in the Pyrenees and launched a feint attack toward France. On the 9th, the miquelets changed course and headed for Figueres, arriving there in the evening. At 1:00 AM on 10 April, a body of 700 men under Captains Casas and Llovera crept up to the postern gate where Marquez and the Pons brothers waited. Rovira's feint had alerted the garrison and a large portion of it had been marching in the hills all day in a futile effort to catch the partisans. After unlocking the postern gate, the miquelets entered the fort. The Neapolitans who made up the main-guard at the front gate were attacked from behind and overpowered. Guillot was captured in bed while his sleepy troops were defeated in detail as they stumbled from the barracks. Within an hour, the fortress was in the hands of the Catalan guerillas and they opened the gates to admit their compatriots. By the next day, 2,000 guerillas occupied the citadel. 
Guillot and about 900 Italians were captured and 35 killed and wounded. Rovira and his men also seized hundreds of cannons, 16,000 muskets, huge stocks of shoes and clothing, four months provisions for 2,000 men, and 400,000 francs. The partisans lost about 25 men killed and wounded. Emperor Napoleon was infuriated by the loss of the citadel and ordered 14,000 men to be assembled for its recapture. 
General of Division Luigi Gaspare Peyri with an Italian reinforcement battalion had arrived in the town of Figueres on the 9th. He was on the way to take over command of General of Division Domenico Pino's division. After a few soldiers escaped to warn him that the fort was taken, Peyri took his 650 men and retreated south to Bàscara. Notified of the disaster, General of Division Louis Baraguey d'Hilliers sent Peyri an infantry battalion and a cavalry squadron. D'Hilliers told Peyri to return to Figueres and keep an eye on the fortress while he gathered reinforcements.
Relief attempt.
With 1,300 soldiers Peyri returned to Figueres and fortified the town. However, his force was too weak to interfere with Rovira as he brought more miquelets into Sant Ferran. Rovira appointed Brigadier General Juan Antonio Martínez to command the fortress which was manned by 3,000 miquelets within a week of its capture. Before he could bring help to Peyri, d'Hilliers had to call in several small garrisons. He also worried about a Royal Navy threat to the port of Roses. After a week passed, d'Hilliers raked up 2,000 reinforcements and brought them to Figueres. Meanwhile, General of Division François Jean Baptiste Quesnel arrived from France with three regular battalions and the National Guard battalions of Haute-Garonne and Gers. With 6,500 infantry and 500 cavalry available, d'Hilliers imposed a blockade on Sant Ferran on 17 April.
Meanwhile, General Joaquín Ibáñez Cuevas y de Valonga, Baron de Eroles marched a portion of his division from Martorell to Figueres. Along the way he wiped out French garrisons at Olot and Castellfollit de la Roca, capturing 548 prisoners. Eroles brought his Spanish regulars into Sant Ferran on the 16th. At the same time, the guerillas became very active throughout Catalonia and caused d'Hilliers a lot of worry. Soon General of Brigade Louis Auguste Marchand Plauzonne's division was on the march from Languedoc and Provence. It began arriving at the end of April and would eventually include several French infantry regiments. Before all these troops massed at Figueres, the French position in northern Catalonia was very vulnerable. It was on 16 April that MacDonald appealed to Suchet for help.
Campoverde was slow to take advantage of his opportunity to cause mischief. He learned of Rovira's coup on 12 April, but did not put his army in motion until the 20th. On that day it issued from Tarragona with 6,000 foot soldiers and 800 cavalry belonging to General Pedro Sarsfield's division and part of Eroles' division. His force did not reach Vic until 27 April and only approached Figueres at the beginning of May. With those miquelets that remained outside the fortress, Rovira maneuvered to join Campoverde's Spanish regulars. In addition to the garrison of Sant Ferran, Campoverde's 6,800 men, Rovira's 2,000 miquelets, and Eroles' 2,000 soldiers were available to break the French blockade. Historian Digby Smith credited the French with 20,000 men, but Oman stated that the French were outnumbered in the coming fight. 
D'Hilliers blockaded Sant Ferran with two divisions. Quesnel's division counted two battalions of the 23rd Light Infantry Regiment, three battalions of the 79th Line, one battalion of the 93rd Line, and the 29th Chasseurs à Cheval Regiment. Plauzonne led four battalions each of the 3rd Light and 67th Line, three battalions of the 11th Line, and one battalion of the 16th Light. Sarsfield's division included elements of the "Cazadores de Valencia", "Girona", "Grenadiers", "Hibernia", "Santa Fé", "1st Savoia", "2nd Savoia", and "Zaragoza" Infantry Regiments. 
On 3 May 1811, assisted by a diversion by Rovira's guerillas on the north side, Sarsfield's division pierced the French lines on the south side near Figueres. Eroles' troops issued from the fortress and together with Sarsfield they attacked Figueres which was held by the 3rd Light Infantry Regiment. After a prolonged struggle, the French agreed to parley with the Spanish, but stalled for time while negotiating the terms of surrender. At this time, a number of Spanish gunners and a supply convoy began to enter the fortress. Meanwhile, d'Hilliers gathered the bulk of his troops into a massed formation. Approaching through an area screened by olive trees, the French burst upon Sarsfield from the rear and threw his command into confusion. A cavalry charge dispersed two of Sarsfield's regiments and he was forced to retreat. Eroles withdrew inside Sant Ferran. Campoverde did not intervene in the fight with his reserves. Though the gunners got into the fortress and were able to man many of its cannons, most of the convoy was captured by the French, including a large flock of sheep.
In the combat, the French lost 400 men killed and wounded. Spanish losses exceeded 1,000 killed, wounded, and captured. The French 3rd and 23rd Light each lost one officer killed and four wounded. In the rest of their units, one officer was killed and five wounded. Soon afterward, Campoverde heard that Suchet's columns were closing on Tarragona. Since the important port was only held by General Juan de Courten's division, the Spanish commander immediately withdrew from Figueres. He ordered Sarsfield with 2,000 foot soldiers and the cavalry to menace Suchet's supply road to Lleida. Taking 4,000 infantry, Campoverde marched to Mataró, loaded the men aboard ships, and sailed to Tarragona.
Siege.
Before d'Hilliers could reimpose the blockade, Eroles left the fortress with several hundred soldiers. This left Martínez to defend Sant Ferran with 3,000 miquelets, one battalion of the "Ultonia" Infantry Regiment, and two battalions each of the "Antequera" and "Voluntarios de Valencia" Infantry Regiments. There were about 1,500 Spanish regulars altogether. The remainder of Plauzonne's division arrived in May. MacDonald brought some troops from Barcelona and took over command from d'Hilliers. By the end of May over 15,000 Imperial French troops were assembled before Figueres. MacDonald began to construct an extensive system of siege works designed to keep the garrison inside and any potential relieving force outside. 
On 28 June 1811, the Siege of Tarragona came to an end when Suchet's troops successfully stormed the upper city. The Spanish defenders lost 6,000–7,000 killed and 8,000 captured in the disaster. The French suffered 4,300 casualties. Suchet followed up his victory by overrunning a major guerilla base at the Battle of Montserrat on 25 July 1811. 
Meanwhile, Martínez maintained a stout defense of Sant Ferran through May, June, and July. He put his garrison on half-rations to stretch out his provisions. Rovira had gone to Cadiz to beg for help from the Supreme Central and Governing Junta of the Kingdom, but they were unable to offer any. MacDonald completed his lines of investment, pushing his artillery within of the fortress. However, he never attempted to breach the walls of Sant Ferran. Rather, he waited for hunger to force the defenders to give up. Meanwhile, his own troops were ravaged by malaria and dysentery in their unhealthy camps during the summer months.
By this time, Macdonald led a besieging army of 15,000 men. Quesnel's division was organized as stated earlier. Plauzonne led four battalions of the 3rd Light, three battalions of the 11th Line, and one battalion of the 32nd Light. Maurice Mathieu's division consisted of three battalions of the 5th Line, two battalions of the 1st Nassau Regiment, and one battalion each of the 18th Light, 23rd Line, and 56th Line. Colonel Jean-Martin Petit's brigade included four battalions of the 67th Line and one battalion each of the 16th and 81st Line. General of Brigade Simon Lefebvre's brigade had one battalion each of the 8th Light, 37th Line, 60th Line, 2nd Swiss, Würzburg, and Westphalian Infantry Regiments, plus three provisional battalions. 
On 17 July 1811, Martínez sent 850 prisoners out of the fortress without insisting on an exchange. The starved men reported to the besiegers that they had received almost no food in the last few days before their release. The Spanish, however, kept Guillot and his officers as useful hostages. MacDonald took this as a sign that the Spanish might swiftly surrender, but Martínez held out until mid-August. The Spanish commander knew about the Tarragona catastrophe and realized relief was hopeless but he determined to hang on until the last moment. By mid-August, the defenders had eaten every horse, dog, and rat and had only three days of food left. 
Martínez planned a breakout on the night of 16 August. Rovira, who had come back from Cadiz, menaced the north side of MacDonald's siege works with 2,000 guerillas. However, a French force chased his men out of the area. As soon as night fell, Martínez launched a massed column of his fittest troops at the southwestern siege lines. The Spanish column overran the pickets and the outpost line, but the soldiers were brought to a stand by a dense abatis. While they were caught in this awkward position, two French batteries opened fire on the column. After suffering 400 casualties, the survivors fled back into the fortress. The following day d'Hilliers sent an officer under a flag of truce into the fort and Martínez agreed to surrender after issuing his last rations. On 19 August 1811, the Spanish garrison marched out and laid down its weapons. 
During the siege 4,000 French soldiers died, mostly from disease. In the Spanish garrison, 1,500 died, 1,000 were sick in the hospital, and 2,000 marched into captivity. When MacDonald found Juan Marquez among the prisoners, he immediately had the unfortunate young man hanged from the fortress walls. The Pons brothers had escaped with Eroles and one of them survived until 1850 with the rank of brigadier general.
Aftermath.
Though the siege ended in surrender, both Rovira and Martínez had rendered excellent service to Spain by tying up the VII Corps for the entire summer. MacDonald and d'Hilliers were unable to sent a single soldier to assist Suchet in the capture of Tarragona. On 10 July 1811, Campoverde was replaced as Captain General in Catalonia by Luis Roberto de Lacy. According to the historian Oman, Campoverde's "miserable inefficiency" was largely to blame for the disasters of 1811. Though unpopular, the new commander began a vigorous campaign with the few remaining troops in Catalonia. In August he invaded the French Cerdagne, provoking Napoleon's fury. 
In September Lacy reorganized the 8,000-man Army of Catalonia into three weak divisions under Generals Eroles, Sarsfield, and Francisco Milans del Bosch. With the help of the Royal Navy, Lacy seized the Medes Islands at the mouth of the Ter River on 12 September. In October, he wiped out a series of small French garrisons in the Battle of Cervera. This defeat forced the French to withdraw the troops occupying Montserrat. MacDonald was recalled on 28 October and replaced by General of Division Charles Mathieu Isidore Decaen. The marshal's reputation had been sullied by his disappointing performance in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="36760666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760666" title="Sportfreunde 05 Saarbrücken">
Sportfreunde 05 Saarbrücken

The Sportfreunde 05 Saarbrücken is a German association football club from the town of Saarbrücken, Saarland.
Historically the club has been a strong side in Saarbrücken, playing at highest level, and even applying for Fußball-Bundesliga membership in 1963. The club also took part in the first round of the 1962–63 DFB-Pokal. Since then however Sportfreunde Saarbrücken has declined to a point where it now plays in the lower amateur leagues, having fallen behind local rivals 1. FC Saarbrücken and Saar 05 Saarbrücken.
History.
Formed in January 1905 as the football department of TV 1876 Burbach, the club played in the tier one Kreisliga Saar from 1920 onwards with a second place in 1921–22 as its best result. From 1923 "TV" played in the new Bezirksliga Rhein-Saar, where it was to remain for the next six seasons, coming second in 1929–30 as its best result. On 1 January 1924 it changed its name to Sportfreunde 05 Saarbrücken, became independent of the mother club "TV" and, in March 1924 was joined by BC Burbach. In 1933, when the Nazis rose to power, the Bezirksliga was replaced by the Gauliga Südwest/Mainhessen, in which "Sportfreunde" played for two more seasons before being relegated in 1934–35. It returned for one more season to this league in 1936–37 but otherwise remained at the tier below. In 1938, all of the Burbacher sides were merged to form SG Saarbrücken, which was also referred to as TSG Burbach. 
Post-Second World War football saw the club play in the Amateurliga Saarland, then the second tier, initially under the name of TuS Burbach, from 1946 as Sportfreunde Burbach and, from 1950 onwards, as Sportfreunde Saarbrücken again. A league title in 1952 allowed the side promotion to the new second tier in the region, the 2nd Oberliga Südwest.
After a 13th place finish in its first season in the 2nd Oberliga the club won the league in 1954 and gained entry to the tier one Oberliga Südwest for the following season. "Sportfreunde" however became an Yo-yo club, winning promotion in 1954, 1956 and 1958 but being relegated in 1955 and 1957. Only from 1958–59 onwards did the club's performances in the Oberliga stabilise with three sixth place finishes in the next five seasons as its best results.
Sportfreunde Saarbrücken, in 1962–63, also applied for a place in the new Fußball-Bundesliga but was unsuccessful in this with a place eventually going to local rival 1. FC Saarbrücken. The club also took part in the 1962–63 DFB-Pokal where it lost 4–2 in the first round to Borussia Dortmund.
The club now became part of the new tier two Regionalliga Südwest but was only able to stay at this level for two seasons before being relegated in 1964, to drop out permanently of professional football. Back in the Amateurliga Saarland, now a tier three league, the side took two seasons struggling against relegation before it was able to return to better performances, coming second in 1967–68 and 1970–71.
In 1975 "Sportfreunde" suffered another relegation, now from the Amateurliga, and dropped to the fourth tier. In 1978 the Amateurliga was renamed Verbandsliga Saarland and became the fourth tier after the Oberliga Südwest had been reestablished. Sportfreunde Saarbrücken did not qualify for either, instead playing in the tier five Landesliga Saarland-Südwest, but managed to win promotion to the Verbandsliga in 1987. It lasted for only one season at this level however, finishing second last in 1987–88 and has not, since then, been able to return to the highest football league in the Saarland.
Back in the Landesliga Saarland-Südwest the club returned to its pre-1987 existence as a mid-table side until 1991, when it was relegated even further. It took the team until 1999 to return to Landesliga level where it was able to reestablish itself, even coming close to promotion in 2004 and 2005 when it came second in the league. The club has remained at Landesliga level ever since, with the league being split from two into four divisions in 2012 and "Sportfreunde" entering the new Landesliga Saarland-Süd for 2012–13.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:

</doc>
<doc id="36760667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760667" title="WeGoLook">
WeGoLook

WeGoLook is an Oklahoma-based company that dispatches in-person “lookers” to verify claims made by Internet sellers about their products or properties. The service is designed to help people avoid scams on sites like eBay, Craigslist, and online dating sites, especially when purchasing big-ticket items such as a car. The company is headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and run by co-founders Mat Smith (CEO), Robin Smith, and Mark Caywood.
History.
The WeGoLook idea began when co-founder Mark Caywood wanted to purchase an expensive projector on eBay. Unable to travel to another state to look at the item himself, he talked to Mat and Robin Smith about how he wished he could pay someone to “go look” for him to verify the existence and condition of the projector. The team, which had successful business ventures in the past, realized that no businesses existed that did what they envisioned. In 2009, they formed the company to service consumers nationwide.
WeGoLook.com launched in June 2010. (WGL) The company was self-funded, with no investors or debt. It also received a $100,000 “proof-of-concept” award from i2e, a non-profit corporation that supports Oklahoma entrepreneurs.
WeGoLook spent over a year building its network of 7,000 “Looker Inspectors” (up to 7,400 as of August, 2012) across the United States.
Lookers are the contractors responsible for actually going into the field to examine items, properties and people. They collect information like model numbers, request a demonstration of the object in action, and record the cosmetic condition of the item.
Early challenges in building up the company included struggles with tech developers to create the WeGoLook platform, both to produce what the founders wanted and to launch the business in a timely fashion. Robin Smith also expressed the difficulty of getting attention from media outlets, which she had believed would jump onto what she sees as a useful and different service. In lieu of a large advertising budget, Smith stated that they have relied on “guerilla tactics.”
In 2011 Chuck Wepner, the boxer who inspired the “Rocky” movie series, partnered with WeGoLook, speaking in several interviews about consumer fraud and appearing in public events on behalf of the company. Wepner connected his life experience as the authentic version of a character to the company’s services, stating that when you used the company, “you are getting the real deal.”
In 2011 and 2012, the company formed several partnerships with other companies interested in fraud prevention, including Escrow.com, auction site Proxibid, Assetbuyer.com, and Scam Detector.
WeGoLook Services.
Upon ordering a report, WeGoLook dispatches one of its Lookers to physically examine the item, property or person. Looker inspectors are independent contractors who personally visit the item in question, record details, and assemble a report. Lookers are lay people and cannot offer expert evaluations of an item, but they do undergo a background check.
A basic report includes verification of the entity’s existence, a recording of brand, manufacturer, model number, and similar markings, 10 digital photographs, and answers to questions requested by the client. 
Additional report upgrades are available, such as item history, video, a working demonstration of the object, heavy equipment ACI inspection, and other custom tasks.
The most popular verifications requested are automobiles and heavy equipment, followed by property verifications and online-dating verifications.
Property verifications are used by renters, especially of vacation homes or condos, to confirm descriptions match reality before sending a check. They are offered as a way to help renters avoid Craigslist scams in which scammers posed as the owners of properties that weren’t theirs, using pictures and information from genuine listings and offering to send a key after receiving money. Property reports are also used by property owners to check the current condition of a property after storms or tenant departures. 
An online-dating report is typically ordered before investing in a trip to meet an online date in person. In a dating report, the Looker meets the date in a public location, takes photos and confirms photo ID, and asks a few customized questions.
Reports have been issued on the condition of such diverse matters as a loved one’s gravesite, an antique bayonet, cell “pine tree” towers in California, and items of interest to attorneys in lawsuits.
Typical turnaround time for reports is two to three days, depending on the location of the item, property, or person. 
WeGoLook also offers logistical shipping services. As well as coordinating shipping, WeGoLook provides packaging and shipping supervision to ensure the item is not substituted at any point.

</doc>
<doc id="36760673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760673" title="Blue Hill Bay">
Blue Hill Bay

Blue Hill Bay is a bay lying to the west of Mount Desert Island in Hancock County, Maine. Approximately long, its southern boundaries are set by Swan's Island and Placentia Island at its entrance; the town of Blue Hill lies at the far end. Morgan Bay, Union River Bay, and Western Bay empty into it. Long Island in the north of the bay is the largest uninhabited island in Maine.
Due to its protected waters, Blue Hill Bay is popular with recreational boaters. In addition to crab, lobster, and other fisheries, aquaculture of salmon and mussels is practiced in the bay. The shores of the bay are an important breeding ground for harbor seals.

</doc>
<doc id="36760682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760682" title="Jordi Roura">
Jordi Roura

Jordi Roura Solà (born 10 September 1967) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder, and the current assistant manager of FC Barcelona.
Playing career.
Born in Llagostera, Girona, Catalonia, Roura arrived at FC Barcelona's La Masia in the summer of 1982, aged almost 15. He made his first senior appearance two years later (whilst still a junior), playing the full 90 minutes for the B-team in a 4–0 away win against Real Madrid Castilla and going on to play two full seasons with the side in the second division, being relegated in 1989.
Roura made his La Liga debut on 11 September 1988 in a 3–0 success at Elche CF, under Johan Cruyff, but a serious injury to his right knee in the 1989 UEFA Super Cup against A.C. Milan severely hindered his growth as a footballer. He went on to appear in only nine additional league games for the remainder of his spell at the club.
Released by the "Blaugrana" in 1991, Roura resumed his career in the second level, being relegated with both Real Murcia and UE Figueres, and continuing to be bothered by physical problems. He retired in June 1994 at only 26, after half-a-season with lowly UE Sant Andreu.
Managerial career.
Roura's first job as a coach was in Japan, being part of Carles Rexach's staff at Yokohama Flügels in the late 90s. Subsequently he worked in directorial capacities with another club in his native region, Terrassa FC, remaining in that position until 2007.
Roura spent the early part of the 2007–08 season at the helm of CE L'Hospitalet in division three, being fired in late December 2007 as his team eventually suffered relegation. In 2009 he was part of the Barcelona team of observers in Pep Guardiola’s technical staff; for the following three years, he was in charge of analysing club rivals.
On 30 June 2012, after Guardiola's departure, Roura replaced his lifelong friend Tito Vilanova as Barcelona's assistant manager, as the latter was promoted to head coaching duties. On 19 December 2012 he took over as head coach on an interim basis, when it was learned the former had suffered a recurrence of parotid gland cancer that would need surgery the following day; according to the club, he would be in charge for approximately six weeks, whilst Vilanova was in chemotherapy and radiotherapy treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="36760702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760702" title="John Strother Griffin">
John Strother Griffin

John Strother Griffin (1816–1898) was a surgeon attached to the General Stephen W. Kearney expedition from New Mexico to California, a landowner and founder of East Los Angeles and a member of the Common Council of the city of Los Angeles, where he was one of the first university-trained physicians to settle.
Family.
John Strother Griffin was born in Fincastle, Virginia, on June 25, 1816, to John Caswell Griffin and Mary Talbot Hancock, both of Virginia. He had five siblings, George Hancock, William Preston, Julia Elizabeth, Caroline Margaret and Elizabeth Croghan. An uncle was William Clark (explorer) of the Lewis and Clark expedition, and a later brother-in-law was Confederate General Albert Sydney Johnston.
His father dying when young John was seven and his mother when he was nine, Griffin was then brought up and given a "classical education" in Louisville, Kentucky, by a maternal uncle, George Hancock.
He was married about 1856 to Louisa M.E. Hayes or Hays of Baltimore, who died in 1888, ten years before Griffin's death on August 23, 1898. Griffin succumbed in his East Los Angeles home, 1109 Downey Ave., where he lived with his nephew and niece, Mr. and Mrs. Hancock M. Johnson, and their children. Funeral services were conducted in the home and at the gravesite in Evergreen Cemetery by J.P. Widney. Pallbearers were J.M. Griffith, Harris Newmark, S. Lazard, Reginaldo Del Valle, Major Ben Truman and James Craig. Besides the Johnsons, he was survived by two nieces, Mrs. George J. Denis and Mrs. William B. Pritchard.
Education.
Griffin attended the University of Pennsylvania, where he received a medical degree in 1837. At that time the university listed his "place of origin" as "Kentucky."
Career.
Military.
In 1840, Griffin was appointed assistant surgeon in the Army and served under General William J. Worth in Florida and, with the rank of captain, on the Southwest frontier at Fort Gibson, Griffin came to California for the first time with General Kearney on the trek from New Mexico in 1846. He was stationed in San Diego and in Los Angeles in charge of the military hospitals, visited the California Gold Country during the 1849 Gold Rush and was stationed in Benicia until 1852. In that period he was given duty in an expedition against the Yuma Indians on the Colorado River. He was assigned to Washington, D.C., in 1853 and resigned from the service in 1854.
The California Historical Society in 1944 published Griffin's diary relating his wartime experiences, under the title "A Doctor Comes to California — The Diary of John S. Griffin, M.D., 1846–1847."
Doctor Griffin's story concerns the hardships endured by General Kearney's small force as it crossed the unknown and trackless deserts, and it recounts what took place in the battles of San Pascual, San Gabriel, La Mesa and Los Angeles, and reveals his methods of treatment for wounds and diseases afflicting the soldiers in his charge. The narrative is most interesting.
Civilian.
Medicine.
Before joining the Army, Griffin practiced for three years in Louisville, Kentucky, and returned to Los Angeles after he left the service. In Griffin's obituary, the "Los Angeles Times" noted that:
Physicians were scarce in those days, and a man with a university education and seventeen years' experience as army surgeon and general pratictioner was instantly welcomed and called to minister to the ailments of all the best people around. Like a circuit rider he journeyed up and down Southern California to answer to the calls of American settlers and Spanish patrons.
Griffin is said to have been the "second pioneer educated physician to arrive in Los Angeles," the first being Richard Den, who came in 1843.
One of his staff was Bridget (Biddy) Mason, who worked for him as a midwife and nurse, becoming known for her herbal remedies. She earned $2.50 a day, considered a good wage for African-American women at that time. In 1856, Mason had been declared a person "free forever" in a successful suit she filed as a slave brought from slave-holding Texas into the free state of California in 1851. The judge rendering the decision was Benjamin Hayes, the brother of Griffin's wife.
James King of William.
Griffin was summoned all the way to San Francisco to advise doctors on the treatment of James King of William, the editor of the San Francisco Evening Bulletin, who had been shot at close range on May 14, 1856, by James P. Casey, whom King had identified in the newspaper as having had a criminal record in New York.
Medical historian John Long Wilson wrote that King, who was active during the San Francisco Committee of Vigilance era:
dared to expose scoundrels in both public and private domains; and by relentlessly pursuing a campaign against them, he changed the course of history in the beleaguered city. It is of special interest to us that the violence erupting as a result of his biting editorials had extraordinary medical dimensions.
Doctors who first treated King had inserted a sponge into the bullet wound to stanch the bleeding and were debating whether to remove it in order to fight a severe infection that had arisen. After examining King on May 18, Griffin advised against the removal, fearing hemorrhage from a severed subclavian artery. King died on May 20. Casey was soon executed after a "trial" arranged by the Vigilance Committee.
Wilson opined that:
Dr. Griffin's conspicuous army service in Southern California combined with his sterling personal qualities no doubt contributed to his rapid rise to leadership in civic and business affairs in Los Angeles, and to his acquisition of a large surgical practice within a few years. Although memorial statements about his career say that he sought new treatments and was not hesitant to discard old methods, we have no specifics as to the meaning of these generalities and we have no information about his experience with vascular surgery. In any case, we know that he sided with . . . timid colleagues and advised against removing the sponge. Assuming that it was not already too late to make a difference, we must conclude that it was Griffin's opinion that sealed the fate of James King of William.
Nevertheless, a coroner's jury returned a verdict of "no medical malpractice," stating that King would have died of the wound regardless of the sponge.
Smallpox epidemic.
In return for his work in stemming a smallpox epidemic, the city of Los Angeles awarded Griffin a plot of land on what was called the "Enchanted Hill" where Lincoln High School was later built (now 3501 North Broadway).
Real estate and politics.
Griffin was called "the father of East Los Angeles" and was said to have created the first suburb of the city of Los Angeles in Lincoln Heights after he purchased 2,000 acres of ranch land for $1,000 and in 1870, with his nephew, Hancock Johnson, erected houses on the site. That land was a rancho called La Rosa de Castilla, on the east side of the Los Angeles River, taking in the deserted hills between Los Angeles and Pasadena — what is today the East Side neighborhood of the city of Los Angeles. In late 1874 the two men offered an additional thirty-five acres, divided into 65x165-foot lots, for $150 each. They planned the laying out of streets of the present community of East Los Angeles and gifted East Side Park (the present Lincoln Park) to the city of Los Angeles.
Griffin undertook many business deals in early Los Angeles with landowner and politician Benjamin Davis Wilson, including railways, oil exploration, real estate, farming and ranching, and in 1863 they bought Rancho San Pascual — which encompassed today's towns of Pasadena, Altadena, South Pasadena, Alhambra, San Marino and San Gabriel — and diverted water from the Arroyo Seco to the dry mesa via an aqueduct called the "Wilson Ditch."
He was one of the incorporators of the Los Angeles City Water Company and the Farmers and Merchants Bank.
Los Angeles historian H.D. Barrows wrote in 1898 that:
When this city and section were terrorized by an organized banditti which killed Sheriff James R. Barton and party in January, 1857, and the city was placed under quasi martial law, Dr. Griffin by general consent was placed at the head of the semi-military defensive organization of our citizens. 
A Democrat, Griffin was a member of the Los Angeles Common Council from May 1858 to May 1859.
Legacy.
Griffin Avenue in Montecito Heights and Lincoln Heights is named for him.
References.
Access to the "Los Angeles Times" obituary may require the use of a library card.
Further reading.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36760719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760719" title="Akira Fitzgerald">
Akira Fitzgerald

Akira Fitzgerald (born July 17, 1987) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Carolina RailHawks in the North American Soccer League.
Career.
College and Amateur.
After redshirting his freshman year at Wake Forest, Fitzgerald made four appearances in 2007 and posted a 1-0-1 record. In 2008, Fitzgerald started every game for the Demon Deacons and finished with 13 clean sheets on the season and was named to ACC Honor Roll. Fitzgerald had another solid year in 2009 as he posted a 17-4-3 record in his junior season and was named to ACC Honor Roll for the second year in a row. Despite a rough senior season in 2010 with an 8-9-2 record, Fitzgerald still finished with a 1.23 goals against average, an ACC-best 81 saves, was named Second Team All-ACC and was one of 30 candidates for the 2010 Lowe's Senior CLASS Award for men's soccer.
During his time in college, Fitzgerald also spent two season with USL Premier Development League club Cary Clarets.
Professional.
Fitzgerald joined North American Soccer League club Carolina RailHawks on July 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36760728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760728" title="Aessosporon">
Aessosporon

Aessosporon is a genus of Basidiomycota found in the family Sporidiobolaceae. It contains the two species "Aessosporon dendrophilum" and "Aessosporon salmonicolor".

</doc>
<doc id="36760736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760736" title="List of Tutenstein episodes">
List of Tutenstein episodes

This is a list of episodes about the series "Tutenstein".

</doc>
<doc id="36760751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760751" title="The Little Smuggler">
The Little Smuggler

"The Little Smuggler" ("original title" "Mały szmugler") is a famous poem by the Polish poet Henryka Łazowertówna (19091942). Written in the Warsaw Ghetto during the Holocaust, it tells the story of a small child who supports his starving family by illegally, under Nazi dispensation bringing over food supplies from the "Aryan side", thereby allowing for his family's survival while at the same time risking his own life. Indeed, the last stanza of the poem gives expression to the heroic child's fear not of his own death but that of his mother who, in the event of the loss of her child, would be left without her daily sustenance.
Background and history of the poem.
The Warsaw Ghetto.
In 1941 the official daily food rations distributed on the basis of ration cards were allocated by the Nazis according to the following ethically dif­fe­ren­ti­ated scale: the Germans were allotted 2,613 calories per day, the Poles, 669, while persons of Jewish origin were allowed only 184 calories a day, a diet insufficient for survival. Consequently, in the Warsaw Ghetto fully eighty percent of all food consumed had to be smuggled in as illicit contraband. Only those with access to smuggled food, and the very rich able to afford to buy provisions on the black market within the Ghetto at exorbitant prices, stood a chance of survival. For most, children were the best hope for bringing supplies over from the "Aryan side" as they could slither undetected through small openings and sewer lines on their way to and from the Ghetto. These child heroes, as noted by the historian Richard C. Lukas, saved or prolonged the lives of countless adult individuals. But they themselves fell victim in large numbers to the bullets of German police.
Already during the Holocaust the poem "Mały szmugler" enjoyed a sufficient degree of fame and popularity to be translated from the Polish into Yiddish and, set to music, performed to great acclaim by Diana Blumenfeld. The poem as recited by Łazowertówna herself in August 1941 moved the hearts of her contemporary listeners so deeply that Emanuel Ringelblum is able to report the voices of those who insisted that, once the Ghetto becomes liberated after the War, it should host a monument dedicated to the Unknown Smuggler depicted in the poem.
However, the Warsaw Ghetto was never liberated; it was "liquidated" by the Nazis in various stages over several months beginning in July 1942, with the result of the hundreds of thousands of residents who had not previously died of starvation or disease men, women, "and" children having been me­thod­i­cally murdered in organized genocide, while the actual municipal structure of the whole precinct was razed to the ground. The author of the poem, Henryka Łazowertówna, together with her mother, Bluma Łazowertowa, were themselves killed in the gas chambers of the Treblinka extermination camp.
Composition.
As has been pointed out by literary scholars, the character of the Little Smuggler in Łazowertówna's poem is idealized. The subject has also been treated in the writings of Bogdan Wojdowski (19301994).
The present day.
A three-stanza excerpt from the original text of the poem, together with translations in English and in Hebrew, is today inscribed on the Memorial to the Child Victims of the Holocaust (pictured to the right; "see also" Pomnik Pamięci Dzieci) in Warsaw serving as the epitaph for the million children murdered in the Holocaust. As Jenny Robertson puts it, thousands of people visit the Memorial each year and read the extract of the famous work carved there, which, like other of Łazowertówna's works, spoke directly to the hearts of her audience during the existence of the Warsaw Ghetto.
First publication.
The poem, composed at an unknown date "c."1941, received its first publication in an anthology of poems about Jewish experience under Nazi occupation compiled by the Polish poet Michał Maksymilian Borwicz (19111987), which appeared two years after the end of the War, in 1947, under the title "Pieśń ujdzie cało..." ("The Song will Survive Intact..."; see Bibliography). Borwicz was at the time the head of the Cracow-based Centralna Żydowska Komisja Historyczna (Central Jewish Historical Commission), under whose auspices he published the book. In the same year (the year of the final Communist takeover in Poland) he emigrated to France and spent the rest of his life in Paris.
Text.
<poem>
Przez mury, przez dziury, przez warty
Przez druty, przez gruzy, przez płot
Zgłodniały, zuchwały, uparty
Przemykam, przebiegam jak kot.
W południe, po nocy, o świcie
W zawieje, szarugę i skwar
Po stokroć narażam swe życie
Nadstawiam dziecinny swój kark.
Pod pachą zgrzebny worek
Na plecach zdarty łach
I młode zwinne nogi
A w sercu wieczny strach.
Lecz wszystko trzeba ścierpieć
I wszystko trzeba znieść
By Państwo mogli jutro
Do syta chleba mieć.
Przez mury, przez dziury, przez cegły
Po nocy, o świcie i w dzień
Zuchwały, zgłodniały, przebiegły
Przesuwam się cicho jak cień.
A jeśli dłoń losu znienacka
Dosięgnie mnie kiedyś w tej grze,
To zwykła jest życia zasadzka,
Ty, Mamo, nie czekaj już mnie.
Nie wrócę już do Ciebie
Nie dotrze z dala głos
Uliczny pył pogrzebie
Stracony dziecka los.
I tylko jedną prośbą
Na wargach grymas skrzepł
Kto tobie, moja Mamo
Przyniesie jutro chleb.
</poem>
English translation.
The following English translation is the most recent among the several available, taken from the book by Patricia Heberer, "Children during the Holocaust" (see Bibliography).
<poem>
Through walls, through holes, through sentry points,
Through wires, through rubble, through fences:
Hungry, daring, stubborn
I flee, dart like a cat.
At noon, at night, in dawning hours,
In blizzards, in the heat,
A hundred times I risk my life,
I risk my childish neck.
Under my arm a burlap sack,
On my back a tattered rag;
Running on my swift young legs
With fear ever in my heart.
Yet everything must be suffered;
And all must be endured,
So that tomorrow you can all
Eat your fill of bread.
Through walls, though holes, through brickwork,
At night, at dawn, at day,
Hungry, daring, cunning,
Quiet as a shadow I move.
And if the hand of sudden fate
Seizes me at some point in this game,
It's only the common snare of life.
Mama, don't wait for me.
I won't return to you,
Your far-off voice won't reach.
The dust of the street will bury
The lost youngster's fate.
And only one grim thought,
A grimace on your lips:
Who, my dear Mama, who
Will bring you bread tomorrow?
</poem>
Another translation of the first and the third stanzas, less literal and more adaptive than the above but better capturing the rhythm of the original, is provided in a book by Richard C. Lukas and reads as follows.
<poem>
Past rubble, fence, barbed wire
Past soldiers guarding the Wall,
Starving but still defiant,
I softly steal past them all.
Clutching a bag of sacking,
With only rags to wear,
With limbs numbed by winter,
And hearts numbed by despair.
</poem>
Title of the poem in English translation.
The original title of the poem, "Mały szmugler", translates literally as "The Little Smuggler", with all the meanings and connotations of the ad­jec­tive "little" reflected almost exactly in the original Polish term "mały". In one English-language source the title is rendered "To the Child Smuggler", but this introduces a degree of semantic precision, derived retroactively from the main body of the text of the poem, which the original Polish title itself lacks. The addition of the preposition "To", "transitive" and dedicatory in impact, moreover, belies the fact that the poem is written in the first person as a (would-be) record of personal, "intransitive" experience of the author.

</doc>
<doc id="36760764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760764" title="Rogersiomyces">
Rogersiomyces

Rogersiomyces is a monotypic genus of Basidiomycota found in the family Sporidiobolaceae. It contains the sole species "Rogersiomyces okefenokeensis".

</doc>
<doc id="36760770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760770" title="Galisteo Dam">
Galisteo Dam

Galisteo Dam (National ID # NM00002) is a dam in Santa Fe County, New Mexico.
The earthen dam was constructed in 1970 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers with a height of 164 feet and 2820 feet long at its crest. Built solely for flood control and sediment impoundment on Galisteo Creek, with its "long history of violent floods", the main line of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe railroad was relocated to accommodate the project. The dam is owned and operated by the Corps of Engineers. 
The reservoir it creates, Galisteo Reservoir, is ordinarily dry. Its maximum capacity is 152,600 acre-feet. No water recreation is available. Although the approximately five-acre site is open to the public for day use, the site is surrounded by private lands and lands of the Kewa Pueblo.

</doc>
<doc id="36760801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760801" title="Sporidiobolus">
Sporidiobolus

Sporidiobolus is a genus of Basidiomycota found in the family Sporidiobolaceae. It contains 8 species.

</doc>
<doc id="36760804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760804" title="Dick Watling">
Dick Watling

Richard (Dick) John Watling (born 13 November 1951) is a Fijian ornithologist, writer and environmental consultant of British origin.
Life.
Watling was born in Uganda, spent most of his childhood in East Africa and first went to Fiji in 1967. He studied zoology at Bristol University and then obtained a doctorate at Cambridge, his doctoral thesis concerning the Red-vented Bulbul, a bird introduced to Fiji where it is an agricultural pest. He has worked in the Lake Manyara and Serengeti National Parks in Tanzania and with the World Wildlife Fund's Conservation Indonesia Programme as well as at many placea throughout the south-west Pacific and south-east Asian regions. He has also served as editor of "Domodomo", the journal of the Fiji Museum.
Publications.
Books authored or coauthored by Watling include:

</doc>
<doc id="36760821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760821" title="David Oppenheim (poker player)">
David Oppenheim (poker player)

"This article is about the poker player. For other people named David Oppenheim see David Oppenheim (disambiguation)".
David Oppenheim is an American professional poker player. During
the second season of the World Poker Tour, he placed third in the No-Limit Hold 'em Championship at the Borgata Poker Open in Atlantic City, earning $117,500 and third at the 2010 World Series of Poker in the $50,000 The Players Championship Event, earning $603,348.
In 2011 he finished first in the Australian poker series, 'Aussie Millions' with a cash prize of $250,000. It was a strictly invitational event where each player had to pay a fee of $25,000 to enter.
Oppenheim is from Calabasas, California. He began playing poker at the age of 19 during his second year of college, and as of 2008 had been playing professionally for over 15 years. He became known as one of the biggest cash games players in the world, and also became a representative of Full Tilt Poker. As of 2011, his winnings in live poker tournaments exceed $1,550,000.
Oppenheim also had some exposure in motion pictures and television. In 2007, he had a brief cameo role as the character "Josh Cohen" in the film "Lucky You".
In January 2008 Oppenheim appeared on the third season of NBC's "Poker After Dark" in the episode "19th Hole".

</doc>
<doc id="36760848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760848" title="Eugamandus cayamae">
Eugamandus cayamae

Eugamandus cayamae is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Fisher in 1926, and is known from Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="36760861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760861" title="Eugamandus darlingtoni">
Eugamandus darlingtoni

Eugamandus darlingtoni is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Fisher in 1942, and is known from Dominicana.

</doc>
<doc id="36760870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760870" title="Eugamandus jamaicensis">
Eugamandus jamaicensis

Eugamandus jamaicensis is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Vitali in 2003, and is known from Jamaica, from which its species epithet is derived.

</doc>
<doc id="36760877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760877" title="Eugamandus ricarti">
Eugamandus ricarti

Eugamandus ricarti is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Micheli in 2003, and is known from Puerto Rico.

</doc>
<doc id="36760880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760880" title="Eugamandus schwarzi">
Eugamandus schwarzi

Eugamandus schwarzi is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Fisher in 1926, and is known from Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="36760883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760883" title="Eugamandus tuberculatus">
Eugamandus tuberculatus

Eugamandus tuberculatus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Fisher in 1942, and is known from Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="36760904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760904" title="Eutrichillus brevipilus">
Eutrichillus brevipilus

Eutrichillus brevipilus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Chemsak and Linsley in 1986, and is known from northwestern Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="36760942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760942" title="Eutrichillus comus">
Eutrichillus comus

Eutrichillus comus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Bates in 1881, and is known from western Mexico, Honduras, and El Salvador.

</doc>
<doc id="36760943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760943" title="Simalkha">
Simalkha

Simalkha is a Village in Betalghat Mandal in Nainital district in Uttarakhand State in India. Simalkha is 23.9 km distance from its District main city Nainital and 153 km distance from its State Main City Dehradun. Simalkha is situated on a link road 16 km away from NH-87. Geographical coordinates are 29.510452,79.426163.
Betalghat, Amel, Bajedi, Bargal, Basgoan and Bhawaligaon are the villages along with this village in the same Betalghat Mandal.
Nearby towns are Kotabag(19.6 k.m.), Ramgarh(23.7 k.m.), Nainital(23.9 k.m.) and Ramnagar(30 k.m.), 
Simalkha's Pin Code is 263135 and Post office name is . Other villages near Simalkha are Dhaniakot, Dolkot and Gairkhav.
Places to visit near Simalkha are Nainital, Bhimtal, Ranikhet and Almora.

</doc>
<doc id="36760950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760950" title="Commonwealth Film Laboratories">
Commonwealth Film Laboratories

Commonwealth Film Laboratories was an Australian production company that operated from 1925 to the 1950s. They invested in several Australian films.

</doc>
<doc id="36760968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760968" title="Mohammed Nasif Kheirbek">
Mohammed Nasif Kheirbek

Mohammed Nasif Kheirbek (, born 10 April 1937) is the current deputy vice-president for security affairs in Syria. He is a close adviser of Syrian President Bashar Assad and is Syria's point-man for its relationship with Iran and Lebanon's Shia militias. He is one of a number of officials sanctioned by the European Union for the use of violence against protesters participating in the Syrian civil war.
Background.
Mohammed Nasif Kheirbek was born 10 April 1937 in Homs and is a member of the Alawi Kalabiya tribe, to which Bashar Assad belongs. The Kheirbek and Assad family are also connected by marriage. A relative is married to one of Rifaat Assad's daughters. Mohammed is the current head of the powerful Kheirbek clan who are represented throughout the Ba'ath Party and the security apparatuses. His son Fouad Nasif Kheirbek is the current head of the internal security branch of the General Security Direcotrate.
Career.
Kheirbek was a very close adviser to the late Syrian President Hafez al-Assad and served during the 1990s as the head of the internal security branch of the General Security Directorate. He was a central figure in relations with Iran and Lebanese Shiite militias. In 1999, he was appointed as the deputy director of the General Security Directorate and then in 2005 became the deputy vice-president for security affairs. Two years later, the US froze his assets for contributing to the government of Syria's problematic behaviour, which included support of international terrorism, the pursuit of weapons of mass destruction, and the undermining of efforts in Iraq. He was also reported in 2007 to be in charge of Syria's Lebanon portfolio.
Syrian civil war.
In May 2011, Kheirbek was sanctioned by the European Union for the use of violence against protesters participating in the Syrian civil war. The following month, he reportedly traveled to Iran to meet General Qasem Soleimani, the commander of the Qods Force, a division of the Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC), which conducts special operations outside Iran. They reportedly discussed creating a supply route that would allow Iran to transfer military equipment directly to Syria by way of a new military compound at Latakia airport.

</doc>
<doc id="36760978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760978" title="Liam McFarlane">
Liam McFarlane

Liam McFarlane (born December 30, 1985 in Medicine Hat, Alberta) is a Canadian short track speed skater. McFarlane was a part of the relay team that won gold for Canada at the 2012 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36760993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760993" title="TT Pro League Golden Boot">
TT Pro League Golden Boot

The TT Pro League Golden Boot is an annual Trinidad and Tobago football award given at the beginning of each TT Pro League calendar year to the top goalscorer for the previous season. The Golden Boot has been awarded since the establishment of the Pro League in 1999. The top-scoring Pro League Golden Boot winner is Arnold Dwarika with 45 goals in 28 games during the league's inaugural season. Devorn Jorsling has won the award the most times (3) having scored the most league goals during the 2008, 2010–11, and 2012–13 seasons, all when playing for the "Teteron Boys" of Defence Force. Jorsling remains the only player to have won the Golden Boot on more than one occasion with his most successful campaigns in 2008 and 2012–13 after leading the league with 21 goals each season.
There have been 14 players from seven different clubs that have won the Golden Boot. The award has gone to a single player each season, with the exception of two seasons. The first occurrence came in 2005, after W Connection's Gefferson and Earl Jean shared the award with 14 goals each. After scoring 16 goals apiece, Roen Nelson of Joe Public shared the award with San Juan Jabloteh's Anthony Wolfe the following season. The Golden Boot winner has played for Defence Force during their award-winning season five times, which is the most of any club in the TT Pro League. Joe Public and San Juan Jabloteh are second with three players each claiming the Golden Boot.
Players from five nations, other than Trinidad and Tobago, have won the Golden Boot including Guyana (Randolph Jerome, 2003–04), Brazil (Gefferson, 2005), Saint Lucia (Earl Jean, 2005), Jamaica (Roen Nelson, 2006), and Antigua and Barbuda (Peter Byers, 2007). Although there has been an increasing presence of foreign players in the Pro League, there has not been a foreign-born player to win the Golden Boot since 2008. Since the 2009 season, Trinidad and Tobago international players Kerry Baptiste, Marcus Joseph, Devorn Jorsling, and Richard Roy have won the award.
Although Arnold Dwarika has the highest number of goals scored to win the Golden Boot with 45, Jerren Nixon has the highest strike rate of 1.76 (37 goals in 21 games) in winning the Golden Boot during North East Stars' championship winning season in 2004. Every winner of the Golden Boot has thus far recorded an average strike rate of at least two goals every three matches, and scored a minimum of 14 goals. In fact, combining the statistics for all winners, a Pro League Golden Boot winner scores an average of 20 goals from 24 games, a strike rate of around 0.83 goals per appearance. The Golden Boot winner has helped his respective team to the TT Pro League championship eight years during the award-winning season.
Winners.
Multiple winners.
Devorn Jorsling is currently the only player who has been able to win the TT Pro League Golden Boot multiple times with three. Thus, he became the first to win two Golden Boots in 2008 and 2010–11. No player has won the award in consecutive years.

</doc>
<doc id="36760994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760994" title="Eutrypanus dorsalis">
Eutrypanus dorsalis

Eutrypanus dorsalis is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Germar in 1824, and is known from eastern Brazil, Paraguay, Argentina, and Bolivia.

</doc>
<doc id="36760999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36760999" title="Eutrypanus mucoreus">
Eutrypanus mucoreus

Eutrypanus mucoreus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Bates in 1872, and is known from eastern Mexico, Colombia, Venezuela, and Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="36761002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761002" title="Olivier Rochon">
Olivier Rochon

Olivier Rochon (born July 30, 1989 in Bucarest, Romania) is a Canadian freestyle skier. Rochon was the World Cup champion during the 2011-12 season in aerials.

</doc>
<doc id="36761021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761021" title="Canciones Para Un Paraíso En Vivo">
Canciones Para Un Paraíso En Vivo

Canciones Para Un Paraíso En Vivo is the fourth live album by Spanish singer-songwriter Alejandro Sanz. It was recorded in Madrid on July 5, 2010. The album, released in digipack format, contains a CD with a selection of 10 tracks of the concert with one bonus track and a DVD with all 17 live performance. Sanz performed some of his old classic songs like "No Es Lo Mismo", "Corazón Partío" alongside with a medley and the entire "Paraíso Express" album except "Pero Esta Tarde No Te Vas" and "Tú No Tienes La Culpa". It also include a duet with Spanish singer-songwriter Joaquín Sabina on Sanz's latest single, "Lola Soledad", as a bonus track.
Track listing.
CD.
Bonus Track

</doc>
<doc id="36761031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761031" title="Oneida Golf and Country Club">
Oneida Golf and Country Club

Oneida Golf and Country Club, often simply just called Oneida, is a country club located in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Established in 1928, this club has both a pool and tennis area as well as a golf course.
Golf Course.
The golf course has 18 holes. Though there are very few water hazards and sand traps, this course has many treelined fairways. There are four tees to choose from (back, middle, club, and forward).  The golf course is maintained by an excellent grounds crew and is led by former Hazeltine National Golf Club assistant superintendent Mark Storby, who is infamously known for his immaculate course maintenance performance during the 2002 PGA Championship. Hazeltine was hit by torrential downpours that totaled up to 5 inches of rain the eve before the 3rd round. Mark did the impossible and willed the Hazeltine crew to have the course fully prepared for the start of play. He personally hand raked the last bunker remaining on hole 17, and to his surprise the grandstand erupted in glorious applause while Mark thrusted his fists to the sky in victory.

</doc>
<doc id="36761046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761046" title="Update rules">
Update rules

Update rule may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36761057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761057" title="Puttamanna">
Puttamanna

Puttamanna () is a village in Kalikavu Panchayat, Nilambur taluk in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala. 
Location.
The nearest airport is Calicut International Airport (65 km) and the nearest railway station is Vaniyambalam Railway Station. 
Kalikavu PO,
676 525
Malappuram
References.
http://www.southernrailway.org/southernrailwayshow/-Vaniyambalam

</doc>
<doc id="36761075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761075" title="Pallissery">
Pallissery

Pallissery () is a village beside Madumala in Kalikavu Panchayat, Nilambur taluk in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala. 
Location.
The nearest airport is Calicut International Airport (64 km) and the nearest railway station is Vaniyambalam Railway Station. 
Kalikavu PO,
676 525
Malappuram

</doc>
<doc id="36761082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761082" title="Little Wanganui">
Little Wanganui

Little Wanganui is a small settlement in the district of Karamea, New Zealand. The main industry is dairy farming, as the entire village is surrounded by farmland. There is a small tavern which provides rooms to let and also provides a bar and restaurant. There is also a small community hall which is used for local functions and a volunteer fire brigade Station which operates in conjunction with the Karamea Volunteer Fire Brigade.
A pastime in the area is whitebaiting.

</doc>
<doc id="36761083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761083" title="Fukagawa Matsuri">
Fukagawa Matsuri

The Fukagawa Matsuri is held annually in mid-August by the Tomioka Hachiman Shrine in Koto, Tokyo. Tomioka Hachimangu, also known as Tomioka Yawata shrine, is Fukagawa's greatest shinto shrine, and was established in 1627. The festival, is believed to date back to 1642, and is one of the three greatest festivals of Edo, together with Sanno Matsuri of Kojimachi Hie Shrine and Kanda Matsuri of Kanda Shrine.

</doc>
<doc id="36761100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761100" title="Anchachavadi">
Anchachavadi

Anchachavadi () is a village beside Madumala in Kalikavu Panchayat, Nilambur taluk in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala. 
Location.
The nearest airport is Calicut International Airport (60 km) and the nearest railway station is Vaniyambalam Railway Station. 
Anchachavadi PO,
Kalikavu, 676 525
Malappuram

</doc>
<doc id="36761101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761101" title="Christchurch Transport Board">
Christchurch Transport Board

The Christchurch Transport Board was an autonomous special-purpose municipal authority responsible for the construction, acquisition, and ownership of local transport assets and the operation of public transport services in the Christchurch region of New Zealand’s South Island. Constituted as the Christchurch Tramway Board in 1902, it operated trams and buses to Christchurch's outer suburbs and satellite towns for years until being disestablished in 1989 by local government reforms.
The Board assumed control of the existing network of privately run tramways and converted these to electric operation whilst also extending the network. Economy measures resulted in several tram routes being converted to trolley bus and later diesel bus operation from the 1930s. The remaining tram routes were progressively closed in the decade following the end of World War II as the infrastructure required renewal or replacement. The last of the Board's trams were withdrawn in 1954, followed by its trolley buses in 1956. Its operations were fully converted to diesel buses in 1964 when the last of its older vehicles were replaced, including its petrol buses.
Subsequent to its demise, the Board's bus operation was transferred to a Local Authority Trading Enterprise (LATE) and was just one of several service providers in Christchurch following deregulation in mid-1991. The remnants of the Board survive today as the Christchurch City Council-owned Red Bus, the name by which it has been known since 1999.
History.
Background.
From 1880 a series of tramway routes had been constructed and operated by private companies using both horse and steam as motive power. While these services heralded a major improvement to local transport at the time, at around the turn of the century there was a mood for change. Other towns and cities around the country had either already established electric tram networks or were considering their introduction including Auckland (1902), Dunedin (1903), and Wellington (1904).
The concessions under which the Christchurch Tramway Company was operating were due to expire at various times between September 1899 and 1919. With this in mind it sought to negotiate with the various local bodies concerned for an extension of these concessions, both to enable it to continue its business and to provide some certainty for future investment. With public sentiment in favour of electrification, and the parlous financial state of the private tramway companies making it unlikely that they would be able to provide such a service, the councils were opposed to renewing the concessions.
By the turn of the century the Christchurch City Council was strongly in favour of bringing the tramways under municipal control but only on its own terms. This ignited suspicion amongst Christchurch City's neighbouring boroughs – through whose territory such a system would have to be built even if only to replace the existing private network – that they would have no control over the running of such a system. A series of tramway conferences were held from the mid-1890s for the local bodies involved to advance the cause of municipalisation but it was not until March 1902 that the City Council acquiesced to the demands of its neighbours for a tramway board with elected members. The Tramway Conference had received an offer to construct and operate an electric tramway system from the British Electric Traction Company (the same company that had the contract for the Auckland system) in February but, despite public support for the proposal, declined as they were already in favour of municipal control.
Despite generally favourable public opinion on bringing electric trams to Christchurch there were some objectors. These included the Royal Society who believed an electric tramway system would cause magnetic disturbances that would interfere with readings made at its Christchurch observatory; the municipal utilities who feared leakage from the return current of an electric tramway would corrode underground pipes through electrolysis; and the telephone authority who believed that the flow of electricity through such a system would interfere with earth currents in telephone circuits and thus render them useless. Solutions were found for all of the utilities concerns.
Formation: 1902–1903.
The tramway conferences culminated in June 1902 with a decision to create a separate Tramway Board with elected representation from each affected district. To this end the Christchurch Tramway District Act was passed, effective from 26 September 1902, and the Christchurch Tramway Board was born.
The Board's district included the City of Christchurch; the Boroughs of Sydenham, St. Albans, Linwood, Woolston, New Brighton, and Sumner; and all or part of the Road Districts of Spreydon, Avon, Heathcote, Riccarton, and Halswell, with provision made for the future addition of other areas. It was authorised to levy rates in its district for tramway purposes and to raise loans (initially up to £250,000 and later an additional £100,000 if required) subject to approval by plebiscite.
An election was held the following year on 22 January 1903 to elect the first Tramway Board. Fifteen candidates vied for eight positions in a contest that resulted in the election of well-known local politicians and businessmen. The following were elected:
The Board's first meeting was held on 29 January at which various other officers were appointed. A second meeting was held on 13 February and shortly thereafter the Board was able to hire Hulbert Chamberlain, an American consultant with expertise in electric tramways.
Voters were also asked on the day of the Board election to decide on the issue of amalgamating the boroughs of Sydenham, Linwood, and St. Albans with the City of Christchurch. This proposal was easily carried and formally took effect from 1 April 1903. This was to prove fortuitous for the Tramway Board by making it easier to gain concessions for the construction of tramway lines.
The proposal for the first loan was put before voters on 16 June 1903 and was carried with 89.4% in favour and 10.6% against. Later that year the tramway district was expanded to include the Riccarton - Sockburn sub-district, resulting in a ninth board position being created, which was filled by John Joseph Dougall. A new loan of £55,000 was also approved.
Acquisition of tramway companies: 1905–1906.
As the private tramway companies were operating under concessions that were due to expire after the Board intended to begin operation, it realised it would have to compensate these companies to become the sole operator in Christchurch. Despite the significant capital investment required for infrastructure renewal in the private tramway lines, and the limited utility of other assets for the Board’s operation, none of the parties could reach agreement on a suitable price. In all three cases the amount of compensation was decided through arbitration.
The Christchurch Tramway Company remained in operation until 16 May 1905, the day the Board commenced operation. It had been running at its own risk by special arrangement with the Board since September 1904 when many of its concessions had expired. The Board paid £23,910 for the company's plant.
The Board entered into an agreement with the New Brighton Tramway Company whereby the company would remain in service until the Board was ready to assume control of the line. The company ceased operations on 1 August 1905 at which point it handed its assets over to the Board and was compensated with £7,267. However, construction was behind schedule so the Board contracted William Hayward and Company to supply drivers and horses so it could start its own service. This arrangement lasted until the following year.
The City and Suburban Tramway Company initially indicated to the Board that it would rather continue to provide its horse tram service to which the Board was not agreeable. It ceased operations in November 1906 when it was taken over by the Board and compensated with £7,982.
The City Council received compensation of £1,200 from the Board for its Corporation Line.
Heyday: 1905–1914.
The Tramway Board officially commenced operations on 5 June 1905 when an official party departed the Falsgrave Street car depot aboard a convoy of seven trams with double-decker trailers at front and rear bound for Papanui. After an accident en route necessitated the withdrawal of the fifth and sixth cars in the procession, the remaining cars proceeded to their destination where an opening day function was held at the Royal Café.
Timetabled services began the following day with Board engineer Hulbert Chamberlain serving as motorman on the first tram. Their novelty quickly made the trams popular with the public causing patronage to rise to "unprecedented and unexpected" levels. As with the earlier private tramway operators, the Board derived much of its income from the carriage of passengers attending major social events or on excursions to popular locations like the beach or racetrack.
From the beginning it was the Board's intention to eventually operate all lines with electric trams and to retire the use of the horse and steam trams from public service as soon as practicable. Horses continued to be used for a short while on the lines formerly operated by the New Brighton and City and Suburban tramway companies: in the former case because completion of the electrification on that line had been delayed and in the latter case because of pressures on the Board with the construction of lines elsewhere. Other lines were initially operated with the steam motors once the track had been laid but before the installation of the electrical infrastructure had been completed. Steam motors were also used for shunting, to haul special purpose cars used for maintenance, and to haul special services on particularly busy peak days.
The Board’s early performance, while not outstanding, was still impressive. The first year of operation generated revenue of £43,109 with the sale of 5,000,000 fares. For the 1907–1908 fiscal year this had risen to £91,083 with 10,500,000 fares sold and for the 1909–1910 period revenue was £105,024 with 12,500,000 fares sold.
The organised labour movement had its first dealings with the Board following the formation of the Christchurch Tramway Worker's Union in 1906. The Board welcomed this move as a way of constructively resolving disputes and other small employment matters. Unlike the unions in Auckland and Wellington, the Christchurch union maintained a cordial relationship with the Board and it was many years later before they called for major industrial action.
The conservative influence on the Board faced its first challenge at the 1912 elections. The preceding year, voting rights in municipal elections had been opened up to all eligible adults, an opportunity various socialist groups sought to take advantage of by fielding their own candidates for election to the Board. Some of the incumbent members warned voters about the possibility of a left-leaning Board putting the concerns of workers ahead of those of the travelling public, and succeeded in having only a single candidate from the opposing camp elected.
World War I: 1914–1918.
All major tramline construction was completed by 1914 with the opening of the St. Martins line, after which no new lines were built. This was partly as a result of the First World War, which restricted the supply of materials and thus meant extensions to the network were not possible. Patronage, which had held up well through the war years, was constrained after war's end by economic conditions restricting the growth of the tramway below that which had been desired by the Board.
The Board adopted a patriotic stance during the war years as seen in measures it adopted at the time including supplementing the military pay of its staff on active duty and expressing a preference in hiring for returned servicemen and those who had attempted to enlist but were deemed unsuitable for military service.
In 1917 the Board purchased its first bus and commenced a feeder service from the end of the Sockburn tram route to Templeton. The bus was a battery-powered vehicle with solid rubber tyres but proved to be so unreliable that it was rebuilt and converted to use a petrol engine. It was later joined by another petrol-powered bus.
A grand plan for the modernisation and improvement of the tramway system was presented to the Board in 1919. It proposed borrowing £340,000 for a series of improvements including the acquisition of new rolling stock, upgraded workshops, double-tracking and new passing loops, and new routes and route extensions. The loan was raised and many of these works were carried out but by the time the Board could seriously consider the issue of the new routes it discovered that post-war inflation had dramatically increased the cost of laying tramlines. As a consequence only two of the proposed seven routes were actually constructed, those being a line along Lichfield Street to connect Oxford Terrace to Colombo Street and an extension of the Spreydon Line.
Influenza pandemic: 1918.
The Christchurch Transport Board, like most other organisations around the country, was hit hard by the influenza epidemic of 1918. Their employees were affected to the extent that services were cancelled on Sundays from 17 November and evening services after 20:15 were withdrawn from 19 November. These changes remained in effect until 8 December. The lost business during this time is estimated to have cost the Board £3,000.
Additional measures were taken by the Board to assist with the response to the health crisis. Twenty-three of its electric tramcars were converted to "inhalation chambers" and placed around the city; public health workers were given free passes; and all services were operated as open conveyances.
Inter-war years: 1918–1939.
A recession in 1921 slowed economic activity and caused patronage of the Board's trams, which had in recent years generated healthy returns, to plateau at around 25,000,000 per annum, whereabouts it remained for much of the 1920s.
It was during this period that advances were made in the development of buses that improved their reliability and introduced innovations such as the pneumatic tyre. The Board, which by this time had come to the realisation that it would not be able to afford to significantly extend the tramway network, purchased some additional buses to provide services in areas not served by the trams. These developments also led to the rise of the private bus operators, which were able to provide services in areas not covered by the Board, and later to directly challenge the Board itself. After introducing a number of measures to directly combat the private operators, legislative means were employed to deal with them.
After the Board purchased the assets and business of most of its private competitors following legislative changes in the mid-1920s, it acquired a motley collection of buses with which it was able to start services on new routes. Despite the high maintenance and inventory costs associated with these vehicles, they were used to establish permanent routes to Bryndwr (originally planned to be a tramline), Springfield Road, Pleasant Point (feeder service), Shirley, and Avonside.
Inter City Motors, the one competitor that survived the Board's attempts to eliminate competition, found success in challenging the Board on the New Brighton route. This was a serious problem for the Board's North Beach tramline, one of the least profitable in the system, and whose tortuous path was longer than Inter City Motors' more direct route. The poor state of the track meant that increasing the speed of trams running on the line to combat the Inter City Motors service was not an option so the Board closed the line in 1927, but public pressure resulted in its reopening a short time later. The line continued to deteriorate to the point where replacement or closure was unavoidable. As the former could not be justified, the line was closed permanently beyond Marshland Road and, as the Board had not been impressed with petrol buses, services were replaced with trolley buses in 1931. The trolley buses followed a different route to Marshland Road, enabling the trams to continue running as far as Marshland Road.
Having formed a favourable opinion of trolley buses, the Board decided to use them on a new line to Richmond. However, it realised that its troubles with Inter City Motors on the North Beach route would soon be resolved and given the vehicles that would become available, an extension of the trolley bus system would not be needed. An attempt to cancel the order failed, so the second trolley bus line was opened in 1934 to Marshland Road via Richmond. This enabled trams to be withdrawn from the remaining portion of the North Beach tramline, which followed the same route as the new Richmond trolley bus line.
The diesel engine had become the power plant of choice for commercial transport operators by the mid-1930s, supplanting and effectively making obsolete the petrol engine for such purposes. The advantages of diesel buses prompted a policy change by the Board whereby it would use diesel buses on more lightly patronised routes while remaining committed to trams on major routes. To this end a loan of £20,000 was raised, enabling the Board to purchase 10 AEC diesel-powered chassis and acquire the business of Inter City Motors. The motor bodies were constructed on the chassis by the Board in two configurations, six with half-cabs and four with full-front windscreens. Once completed, they replaced trams on the Dallington route, and petrol buses on the Bryndwr and Springfield Road routes.
With the diesel buses having proved to be a success, it was intended next to replace tram services on the Opawa–Fendalton and St. Martins routes, being the next two least viable tramlines. Though bus services did run to St. Martins for a while, the intervention of World War 2 meant that it was several more years before these tramlines were closed permanently.
Patronage of the trams, which had risen steadily up to the 1920s before levelling out, started to fall in 1928–1930. The Great Depression, brought about by the share market crash in October 1929, only exacerbated the Board's problems. A loss of £1,092 was recorded for 1931 and a projected loss of around £10,000 was expected in 1932 unless there were further measures to reign in costs.
Tramway strike: 1932.
To address its financial woes, the Board implemented a policy of staff reduction through attrition but as economic conditions worsened, fewer people wanted to leave their jobs with the Board, reducing the effectiveness of the policy. Wages remained the biggest expense, so the Board announced that there would be an 11% wage cut and reduction in working conditions. When the union refused to agree to these terms, the Board exploited a loophole in the industrial award, dismissing its entire traffic staff and then inviting them to apply for new positions with the new conditions. The matter went to arbitration at which the magistrate sided with the union and set aside the changes for a period of 12 months.
Seeking other ways to save money, the Board obtained permission in November 1931 to have only a single conductor on duty per tram regardless of the number of trailers. By mutual agreement with the union in February 1932, it was decided on a temporary system of a reduction in hours for all traffic staff rather than terminating the employment of 11 men that had become redundant. When the men refused to agree to a renewal of this arrangement the Board dismissed 12 of its staff. A rally in support of the tramway men was held on May Day at which it was decided to strike from the following Wednesday if the notices of dismissal were not rescinded. The Board warned its staff that if they refused to go to work on Wednesday that they would be dismissed, and also advertised for "volunteers" to apply for permanent positions with the Board. Despite offers of negotiation from the union, the Board remained implacable in its position.
The strike started peacefully but soon turned violent. Over the next several days there were numerous skirmishes in which trams and tram staff were attacked. Tramcars and the depot were fortified, police accompanied trams on their rounds, and special constables were sworn in to assist the regular police. The strike ended on 10 May after public opinion turned against the striking workers. A special tribunal was established to deal with the matter. It eventually ruled largely in favour of the Board, upholding the dismissal of 40 of the striking union workers with the remainder of the available positions to be filled by the "volunteers" taken on to work during the strike. The result of the incident left much bitterness for many years to come.
World War II: 1939–1945.
Following New Zealand's declaration of war in 1939, many changes to everyday life were brought about that affected the Board's business. Petrol rationing was immediately introduced, and this combined with shortages of materials such as rubber significantly affected the use of one of the trams greatest competitors: the private motorcar. This prompted an unprecedented boost to patronage of the tramways, often leading to severe overcrowding, and significantly increased the Board's revenue.
Another factor in the Board's favour during this time was the large number of military personnel stationed in and around Christchurch, from the Army at Burnham, the Airforce at Wigram, and a contingent of American soldiers based in the city. Special tickets for soldiers were introduced and remained popular for many years.
The Board also faced several challenges during the war years. Operating costs increased, including staff wages, repair and maintenance, electricity, and standing charges. Supplies of materials and spare parts were restricted, owing to the difficulty of importing them. Staff availability and retention became an issue with many away on active military service, resulting in the hiring of more women.
Wartime regulations required the Board to reduce its bus services to conserve resources, and thus services were cut by a quarter. One of the more obvious effects of this decision was the St. Martins route, which had been converted to bus operation in January 1941, was reactivated as a tram route in July 1942, despite the poor condition of the track.
Halcyon years: 1945–1988.
The end of the war heralded one of the most turbulent periods in the Board's history. Years of deferred maintenance, heavy usage during the war years, and a lack of skilled staff, materials, and spare parts had left the tramway in poor condition. A significant investment was required to renew the system but uncertainty was growing over the future of the trams. The Board also had to contend with a more aggressive union movement, and a council that was seeking legislative authority to enable it to assume control of the tramway. This was to be one of many occasions on which it was suggested, or an attempt was made, to have the Board assimilated by the City Council or controlled by a Council-affiliated Metropolitan Board of Works.
A committee was formed to investigate the future of the tramway system and reported back in July 1946 that as each line reached the end of its useful life it should be closed and replaced with buses. Providing services to new areas had become a priority, especially as the city was growing beyond the extent of the tramway network.
As an earlier attempt to acquire diesel buses had been thwarted by the war, the Board had to settle for purchasing petrol buses after the war owing to the shortage of diesel vehicles. This enabled the commencement of new services in 1946 to areas not covered by the tramway network including Mount Pleasant, Somerfield, Creyke Road, Huntsbury, Wharenui, and Sanatorium on the Cashmere Hills. Also, buses replaced trams for the second – and final – time on the St. Martins route.
The resignation of general manager Hedley Jarman in October 1946 was followed by the appointment of John Fardell as his replacement. Fardell, having previously been employed at Reading Corporation Transport where he was involved in the replacement of trams with trolley buses, wasted little time in making his views known on the direction of public transport in Christchurch. He was in favour of the replacement of trams and trolley buses as they reached the end of their useful lives with diesel buses, with the exception of the Papanui–Cashmere route for which he favoured trolley buses.
Accepting that significant capital investment was required to replace the worn-out tramway with buses, the Citizen's Board was granted permission in February 1948 to raise a loan of £1,350,000, subject to approval by plebiscite. As elections for the Board were due later that year, it was decided to run the poll for the loan at the same time. While there was debate as to what mix of diesel and trolley buses would be appropriate in any new system, the Labour Party questioned whether the loan was even affordable: a strategy which saw the loan rejected and a slim Labour majority returned to the Board.
While Fardell was still strongly in favour of a majority diesel-powered bus fleet, this was at odds with the views of the Labour members, which had campaigned on a majority trolley bus fleet. The new board proceeded to order 40 new trolley buses to replace trams on major routes, but the Loans Board rejected the application for a loan to cover the cost of the buses and stabling facilities. Replacement of the tramway had become a matter of some urgency when, in April 1950, the Board decided it had to act and ordered the first 39 of an intended fleet of 105 trolley buses. Permission for a loan of £950,000 was granted, subject to approval by plebiscite. This time, an aggressive advertising campaign preceding the poll succeeded in winning approval for the loan. Despite the move to introduce buses on many tram routes, trams were still favoured for the Papanui–Cashmere route so it was decided to relay track on this line to keep the service going.
During the campaign for the 1951 Board elections, much was made of the fact that the Labour-controlled Board had failed to purchase any new buses. The Labour candidates were seen as lacking credibility having achieved little during the past term with the result that the party was trounced at the poll: no Labour Party members were elected. The new Board, at Fardell's direction, wasted little time in cancelling the trolley bus order that had been placed by the previous board and instead ordered 57 diesel buses to replace trams on several routes.
With the end of the Christchurch tramway system in sight it was decided to re-brand the Christchurch Tramway Board to reflect its move away from a purely tram-based operation. The name of the Board was changed by the Local Legislation Act 1951 which amended the Board’s constitutional legislation, the Christchurch Tramway District Act, to officially rename the organisation to Christchurch Transport Board effective from 5 December 1951.
What followed over the next three years was the wholesale closure of what was left of the tramway. As more buses became available they were quickly put to work on routes formerly served by trams. The remaining lines were closed in quick succession starting with Fendalton–Opawa in 1950 and ending with Papanui–Cashmere in 1954. Over the life of the tram network, 1,605,932,516 fares had been sold.
As well as replacing the trams, the new buses were also deployed on new routes in areas of significant residential development including Riccarton, Ilam, Harewood Road, Shirley, Aranui, and Fendalton. Additional buses were ordered in 1956 and 1958. The first batch was to enable the retirement of the last of the trolley buses on the Richmond and Marshland Road route (May 1956) and North Beach (November 1956).
Modernisation of the Board's bus fleet was complete in 1964 when, after an earlier purchase of 24 AEC Reliance chassis in 1961, the Board was able to retire the last of its older buses. This meant that the fleet was now composed entirely of AEC vehicles.
The Board's base of operations was relocated to the north side of Moorhouse Avenue in 1969 (site of the present-day Red Bus depot). The first block of land for this site had been purchased in 1920, with later purchases including a neighbouring brewery in 1940. New workshops had already been established on the site in 1961, with other features including parking for 200 buses and administration and servicing facilities. New headquarters were established in Carruca House when the Board opened the building in July 1973.
John Fardell, who had been at the helm of the Board for nearly three decades, retired in 1973. Max Taylor, who had previously held senior management positions with the Board including Chief Engineer from 1965 and Assistant general manager from 1971, succeeded him.
Patronage of the Board's services, which had been trending downwards since the early 1960s, was boosted in the 1970s by several major events. First, the 1974 Commonwealth Games proved to be a boon for public transport, with an additional 1,525 services provided of which 1,195 were to or from Queen Elizabeth II Park, the main games facility. Second, the oil crises of 1973 and 1979 restricted the use of private motor vehicles leading to an increase in patronage of the buses. This effect was not, however, to last beyond the end of the "car-less days" programme in 1980.
Innovative attempts at new services were made from time to time, occasionally with some success. A central city loop route was started in 1964 for which a small fare was charged, but failed to catch on. The "City Clipper" was introduced in the 1970s on a new central city circuit using buses with a special livery and charging no fare. It was initially backed by local business until 1976, after which it was subsidised until poor patronage led to its demise in the early 1980s. Several services linking shopping malls were tried, largely without success. In 1984 a short-lived service called the "Seaside Special" was started to bring people from southern and northern suburbs to New Brighton on Saturdays for shopping. One of the more successful acquisitions for the Board was the Airport route from Midland Coachlines in 1976.
A Government grant of $50,000,000 to municipal transport authorities in 1977 enabled the Board to purchase 96 Bristol buses that entered service between 1978 and 1981. Nearly a decade later the last major fleet upgrade was made when the Board, in conjunction with several other transport authorities around the country, ordered 90 MAN buses as part of a bulk order in 1986. Though an additional 9 were ordered later, they did not arrive until after the Board was disestablished.
The passing of the Urban Transport Act 1980, based on the recommendations of the Carter Report from 1970, stripped municipal authorities such as the Christchurch Transport Board of their authority to levy rates within their districts. Responsibility for funding public transport was bestowed upon regional authorities – in the Board's case, the Canterbury United (later Regional) Council — in keeping with the view that transport needed to be planned and managed in a co-ordinated way on a regional basis, though this change did not actually take effect until 1 April 1988.
Following the sale and break-up of Midland Motors, the Board obtained its licenses to operate public transport services and assumed control of its rural bus routes in November 1982. These routes were integrated into the Board's existing operations and, because Midland had not been allowed to carry short-haul passengers within the Board's rating district, services to Christchurch's satellite settlements were improved under the Board's control, as it did not have these restrictions.
A series of marketing campaigns in the early 1980s was successful in increasing patronage of the Board's buses, culminating in an improvement of 10.3% being reported in the 1984 Annual Report. This was also a time of increasing economic troubles for the country, typified by a dramatic rise in inflation. Following the end of a price and wage freeze, inflation again began to rise sharply, prompting the Tramways Union to campaign for an increase in allowances to cover cost-of-living increases for its members. This resulted in a series of 24- and 48-hour strikes from 8 November 1985 when the Board was not agreeable to their demands, to which the Board responded with a lock-out on 3 December. Fifteen days of industrial action followed, at the conclusion of which the striking staff returned to work having failed to secure any concessions from the Board. Some conditions were curtailed, and the liberal approach to various employment matters that workers had enjoyed was replaced by a hard-liner stance. To make up for revenue forgone during the strikes, fares were raised by 33%. This did not bode well with passengers, and when combined with the loss of goodwill from the recent industrial action, they deserted the buses to the extent that the Board lost around half of the improvement in its patronage of recent years. With the general economic malaise that followed, patronage of the Board's services never recovered to previous levels.
Demise: 1988–1989.
The Fourth Labour Government implemented a programme of economic reform to stabilise the economy and improve productivity that included the corporatisation and deregulation of state-sector agencies. One area to receive special attention was transport, which under state and municipal control had little or no effective competition. It was felt that this was inefficient and delivered "a poor transport system" as these providers had no incentive to offer a better service or improve their operation.
The Board, which had been aware for some time of the government's intention for organisations such as itself to operate in a more commercial manner, had been making changes with this in mind. The Christchurch City Council had investigated the idea of transforming the Board into a limited liability company in the late 1980s, fully held by the Council, but found that the legislation on which the Board was founded had no provision to allow this. An Establishment Unit was created in March 1988, under the auspices of the Local Government Act 1974, to manage the transition of the Board to a commercial entity. The Unit was replaced in October with a Transitional Committee that had wider representation from local authorities to decide the nature of the company that the Board would become.
The rating district, which had been used to subsidise the Board's operations, disappeared with the transfer of responsibility for funding public transport to the Canterbury United Council in April 1988. In its place, they recovered the funds from the local authorities in whose districts the Board operated. A uniform fare structure was introduced, charging passengers by the distance travelled, except those cases where the full subsidy was not forthcoming from the relevant local council in which case higher fares were charged in those areas to compensate.
The local government reforms of 1989 significantly reduced the number of local bodies through amalgamation and disestablished most of the special-purpose bodies then in existence. Regional councils were assigned responsibility for planning and funding of public transport but were not permitted to be involved as a supplier of services. The law required transport assets under municipal control to be either divested or corporatised as Local Authority Trading Enterprises. The Local Government Amendment Act that implemented these reforms became law on 1 November 1989 and marked the end of the Christchurch Transport Board. The Board held its last meeting on 11 October 1989, followed by a large social function at the Ferrymead Heritage Park on 29 October attended by current and former staff.
Successor.
The Board's operations briefly became the responsibility of the Christchurch City Council before being transferred to a new company, Christchurch Transport Limited. The regional council introduced a competitive tendering system in early 1991 for which Christchurch Transport was one of several bidders. The last vestiges of the Board's monopoly position disappeared when the deregulated transport market took effect from 1 July 1991.
Centenary reunion: 2003.
To commemorate what would have been the centenary of the Board’s founding, several former Transport Board staff members resolved in March 2002 to organise a reunion of those who had worked for the Board. It was decided to hold the event on Labour Weekend 2003 in recognition of the first meeting of the Board having been held in January 1903. A charitable society was formed, the CTB 100th Anniversary Society Incorporated, and it was agreed to organise five events to celebrate the occasion as well as the publication of the book "CTB: A Brief Social History of the Christchurch Transport Board 1903–1989" and the production of memorabilia.
Competition.
Private bus companies.
The Board’s first competitor actually began operation before the first tram ran. The Christchurch Motor Omnibus Company commenced its first service from Cathedral Square to the railway station in April 1904. After the trams started running in June 1905 the bus was switched to a Riccarton route. Several other private bus companies were also operating at this time but were of little concern to the Board as the nature of bus technology at the time and the state of the roads meant that trams still offered a superior ride quality.
Several private bus operators began offering services to areas not well served by trams from the early 1920s following advancements in the design and reliability of buses. The Board, perceiving this development to be a threat to its business and the significant investment ratepayers had made in it, reluctantly investigated the idea of running its own bus services where it was not economical to run trams. There were six of these companies hoping to pick up business primarily in newer areas of the city that were not covered by or near the tram network.
The problem escalated to be a matter of serious concern for the Board by 1925 when the operators decided to challenge the Board on its key tram routes. Not having the same obligations as the Board enabled the bus companies to run their services ahead of the trams at peak times to capture some of the Board's most lucrative business. Several measures were implemented by the Board to combat this menace including hiring buses to run competing services against the "pirate" operators, adding more express trams, tuning the trams and power supply to improve acceleration characteristics, purchasing additional buses, and stationing roving trams at key points to immediately commence service on the appearance of a rival company's bus. This period, known colloquially as the "bus wars", resulted in many minor traffic accidents, altercations between staff of rival companies and the Board, and buses and trams appearing to race each other on many occasions to be the first to collect passengers. For a select few it also resulted in a much-improved service both in terms of timeliness and frequency as the companies competed with the Board for their custom. The public generally viewed the private operators favourably because they provided either a better service or a service that the Board did not and one for which they had grown tired of waiting for the Board to organise.
Realising that the "bus wars" would not end well the Board colluded with its Auckland counterpart in early 1925 to support the introduction of legislation to control the problem. The Motor Omnibus Traffic Act became law on 1 November 1926 and empowered municipal transport authorities such as the Board to compulsorily acquire their competitors. The only option available to a private company wanting to continue its own service was to charge 2d more per section than the equivalent tram fare. Most of the private operators were unable to compete on these terms and quickly sold out to the Board with the exception of Inter City Motor Service Limited, which was able to continue operations with the higher fares until 1935.
Railways Department.
From the outset the Board did have one consistent competitor in the form of the government-controlled Railways Department. Initially the Department and the Board competed with each other for patrons between Papanui and Christchurch railway stations and from the city to the Riccarton Racecourse. The Board held the advantage on the former route, as its line between these two points was more direct (shorter) and ran via the city centre, making it popular with patrons including those who entered the city by train. On the latter route the Board enjoyed superiority patronage-wise, despite the protestations of the Railways Department that its service could get patrons to and from the racecourse more quickly. It was believed that there was a "psychological advantage" in the Board's favour in that its line connected directly with Cathedral Square whereas passengers of the Railways Department heading the same way faced a walk up Colombo Street from Moorhouse Avenue. In both cases the routes terminated at sidings and passenger landings inside the racecourse grounds. The Department's service to the racecourse was terminated in 1954 by which time the Board had already converted its competing tram route to diesel bus operation. Diesel buses replaced the tram routes to Christchurch and Papanui railway stations in 1936 and 1954 respectively, though the Department did not finally cease suburban passenger operations to these stations until 1976.
While the Lyttelton road tunnel was still under construction, the Board sought and was granted a license to operate a passenger service to Lyttelton via Ferry Road, which commenced as soon as the tunnel opened in 1964. This route competed for passengers with the Railways Department's Christchurch–Lyttelton suburban passenger trains. Though the Department had held out hope that both the Board's and the Department's services could coexist following the opening of the road tunnel, and even opened a new railway station at Lyttelton in 1963, the losses mounted due to competition from buses and private motorcars forcing the Department to terminate the passenger rail service in 1972. The Board then had its license for the Lyttelton route altered so it could run its buses roughly paralleling the railway line to collect passengers who had been using the rail service.
Other.
In the decades preceding World War 2, the bicycle amounted to one of the Board's biggest competitors thanks largely to Christchurch's flat terrain, numbering as many as 50,000. They were popular for commuting and for many were the only form of transport a household had. The Board maintained a hostile attitude to them, and they were not popular with the tramway men for the major fluctuations in patronage they could cause depending on the weather.
Private motorcars were starting to become more common in the 1920s, but were initially more of a danger to tram passengers than to the business of the Board. As many tramlines ran down the middle of a road, it was common to hail a tram by walking out into the road, which became more dangerous with the faster moving motorcars. Also, traffic behind a tram that had stopped to allow for the embarkation or disembarkation of passengers was only able to pass between the tram and curb, right into the path of passengers moving between the tram and footpath.
A significant portion of the Board's business was derived from the evening fares of people going out to social functions or events at places such as cinemas, dance halls, clubs, and the like. The introduction of television in the early 1960s gave people a new and more convenient way to spend their leisure time, significantly impacting on the popularity of these types of activities. A fall of 19% in the Board's revenue between 1962 and 1968 was largely down to the sale of fewer off-peak fares.
Routes.
The Christchurch Transport Board utilised a variety of transport modes to provide public transport services. Starting with trams when it began operations in 1905, it later experimented with petrol buses in the 1920s, trolley buses from the early 1930s, and introduced its first diesel buses in the mid-1930s.
All of the Board's tram routes and the majority of its bus routes were designed around a radial model where services either terminated at, or ran through, a central interchange. There were some special bus services operating on point-to-point or orbital routes but these tended to be either ephemeral in nature or designed for a specific clientele (e.g. shoppers).
Some routes included short workings, which were typically extra services run to intermediary termini to cope with high loadings at peak times. A wide-ranging review of the bus route network instigated in the late 1970s resulted in the termination of most of these short workings, the amalgamation of shorter routes into longer ones, and the re-timing of many services to make arrival times more realistic.
Tram network.
Assets acquired by the Board from the old private tramway companies included lines serving the localities of Papanui, North Beach, New Brighton, Sumner, Cashmere, and Hillmorton. These lines, along with a new line to Riccarton, were included in the first tranche of construction to be undertaken on the network. Electric trams commenced services as electrification works were completed to Papanui and Christchurch Railway Station (6 June 1905); Sumner (25 April 1907); Cashmere (16 August 1905); Riccarton (12 March 1906); Lincoln Road (8 February 1906); and New Brighton (6 August 1906). Some of these lines had opened earlier using steam traction while electrification was still underway. Trams were stabled at the depot on Falsgrave Street and, using lines along Manchester and Colombo Streets, started their runs from a central hub at Cathedral Square.
Over the first decade of operation, new lines or extensions were added to Edgeware Road (24 December 1906); Opawa (21 September 1909); Fendalton (20 November 1909); Cranford Street (1 July 1910); North Beach (1 October 1914); Spreydon (3 August 1911); Cashmere Hills (1 May 1912); Dallington (1 November 1912); from Papanui to Northcote (28 February 1913); St. Martins (7 April 1914); from Edgeware Road to St. Albans Park (19 July 1915); and from Riccarton to Plumpton Park (January 1916). A temporary loop line to North Hagley Park also operated for five months to serve the Christchurch International Exhibition from November 1906 – March 1907.
The early 1920s saw the last of the major construction to be undertaken on the tramlines with extensions to Barrington Street for the Spreydon line (August 1922) and the Lichfield Street connection (July 1922). It was also at around this time that the Board had proposed several other new lines to the Northeast Central City, South Brighton, and Bryndwr as well as a link between the St. Albans Line and North Beach Line, and a deviation in the Burwood area. These ideas never proceeded because the prevailing economic conditions made it impossible to justify the cost of them, with buses eventually being used as a cheaper alternative.
The first tram services to be withdrawn and replaced by buses were those to Northcote (30 September 1930), Marshland Road–North Beach (5 July 1931), and Richmond (17 December 1934) when the cost of keeping these lines open could not be justified. Other lines to be closed later that same decade due to economic constraints included Worcester Street, Dallington, and Wainoni in 1936. When the Board considered the future of the tram network after World War 2, a policy shift led to the progressive closure of the network and its replacement with buses as they became available. The first to go was the line to St. Martins (20 May 1946), followed by Fendalton and Opawa (6 February 1950), New Brighton (18 October 1952), Sumner (6 December 1952), Riccarton (14 June 1953), St. Albans Park and Spreydon (21 June 1953), Cranford Street and Lincoln Road (26 July 1953), and Papanui and Cashmere (11 September 1954).
Trolley bus network.
The first service, to Shirley, commenced on 1 April 1931 and was later opened as far as the Brighton Pier via North Beach on 5 July 1931. This first route, though it was intended to replace the North Beach trams, actually followed a different path between Fitzgerald Avenue and Marshland Road. Patronage of the Marine Parade section was poor, leading to the truncation of services at North Beach from 31 May 1933.
When it came time to close the remainder of the North Beach tramline, the Board decided to replace the trams with trolley buses. The second line, to Marshland Road via Richmond, opened on 17 December 1934.
All inbound services entered the Cathedral Square terminus from Worcester Street and outbound services ran along High and Cashel Streets. The lines on Fitzgerald Avenue extended as far south as Moorhouse Avenue, running past and providing access to the Board's workshop (between Ferry Road and Moorhouse Avenue) for servicing and to the depot on Falsgrave Street for stabling. None of the trolley buses ever displayed route numbers, though route numbers were later assigned to some trolley bus routes and short workings for when diesel buses were used to assist.
The inflexibility of the trolley bus system and a desire to standardise on diesel buses led to the decision to withdraw the trolley buses in the 1950s. The short working to Shirley was discontinued on 16 July 1951 with the remaining services to Marshland Road via Richmond closing on 31 May 1956 and to North Beach on 8 November 1956.
1 Papanui.
Opened: 6 June 1905 (electric tram); Opened, exhibition loop: November 1906 (electric tram); Closed, exhibition loop: 16 April 1907 (electric tram); Opened, Northcote extension: 28 February 1913 (electric tram); Closed, Northcote extension: 30 September 1930 (electric tram); Opened, Northcote extension: 1 October 1930 (petrol bus); Abandoned, Northcote extension: 10 May 1932 (petrol bus); Closed: 11 September 1954 (electric tram); Opened: 11 September 1954 (diesel bus)
The Papanui Township was the first area in Christchurch to receive an electric tram service when the system was inaugurated in 1905. The line quickly proved it's worth, becoming one of the most profitable lines in the tram network.
Buses first appeared on this route in the mid-1920s during the so-called "bus wars" when private bus operators decided to take on one of the Board's most lucrative services. Once the Board had seen off the competition on this route, it was not until 1930 that buses again made an appearance. The local council wanted to re-lay Main North Road, along which the tram line ran down one side, and gave the Board several options: to re-lay the tramline down the middle of the road, to double-track the line, or to remove the line. The Board could not countenance the re-laying of the line because of the cost and opted to abandon the tram service to Northcote. When permission to terminate the tram service without a plan for a replacement bus service was denied, the Board sought expressions of interest from private bus operators to run a feeder service to the terminus of its tramline in Papanui after rejecting other suggestions including that it should establish a trolley bus service on the route. None of the responses received were to the Board's liking, so it decided to run the service itself. On this basis, permission was granted to terminate the Northcote tram service and the Board's replacement bus service commenced the following day. It was never popular, with the necessity of having to transfer between buses and trams at Papanui being a common complaint, and after several service reductions were made in line with falling demand (including a short-lived Sunday service), the Board abandoned the route altogether in 1932 after coming to an arrangement with a private operator to take over the service.
Midland Motorways acquired the operator of the Northcote run in 1936 and maintained its own service there until the Board bought it out in 1982. When the Board withdrew trams from Papanui in 1954, it also tried to claim the right to operate the Northcote bus services. Midland was successful in retaining the right to operate its own service there, forcing the Board to run its Northcote service via a different route wholly within its own rating district. Once the Board acquired Midland Motorways it was able to run its own Northcote service via the original route along Northcote Road.
The first diesel buses on the Papanui route were introduced on 10 September 1951 as a temporary measure when work commenced on re-laying the top end of the Papanui tramline, ironically with the intention of keeping the Papanui–Cashmere tram service running. Though the intention had been to re-lay the tramline as far as Leinster Road, work was stopped at Blighs Road once the Board realised the futility of investing more money in the tramway. After the decision had been made in January 1953 to use diesel buses on this route they were used in weekends, and on the day of the "last tram" buses had already taken over the route before the final tram returned to the depot. The route was extended several times after the trams were withdrawn, finally terminating at Trafford Street.
2 Cashmere.
Opened, to south end of Colombo Street: August 1905 (electric tram); Opened, to start of Hackthorne Road: December 1911 (electric tram); Opened, to Dyers Pass Road: February 1912 (electric tram); Opened, to Hills terminus: 1 May 1912 (electric tram); Opened, Barrington Street–Hills terminus: 10 April 1953 (diesel bus); Closed, Barrington Street–Hills terminus: 13 April 1953 (electric tram); Closed: 11 September 1954 (electric tram); Opened: 11 September 1954 (diesel bus)
Services to the Cashmere Hills were progressively converted to electric tram operation after the Board assumed control of the route from the Christchurch Tramway Company. Though trams were used to provide services on this route until the 1950s, there were several occasions on which buses were used.
Soon after the Board took delivery of a Ransomes trolley bus in 1931, they conducted trials with it on the Hills portion of the Cashmere route. The objective was to determine how trolley buses would perform on such terrain, though not intending to actually convert the route to trolley bus operation. The following year, buses temporarily replaced trams on this route during the tramway strike because of concerns about the replacement motormen the Board had taken on to operate the trams were not sufficiently skilled to safely operate a tram on the Hills section, and those supporting the strike had taken to sabotage to disrupt tram operation on the Hills section. Tram services were again temporarily replaced with buses during a power supply crisis from June to August 1947.
Following the conversion of the Spreydon route to bus operation on 22 June 1953, the Cashmere route temporarily became a through route with the Spreydon service in which some of the buses from Spreydon continued on along Barrington Street before proceeding to the Hills terminus. Once trams were also removed from the Cashmere route in 1954, these bus services reverted to the old tram routes though a new service was established that terminated at Macmillan Avenue via Dyers Pass Road.
With the opening of Princess Margaret Hospital on 31 August 1959 the route was altered to make the hospital a stop during visiting hours. The service's increasing popularity with visitors to the hospital ensured that by August 1965 all buses ran past the hospital.
3 Sumner.
Opened, to Heathcote Bridge: November 1905 (electric tram); Opened, to Head Street terminus: 29 April 1907 (electric tram); Closed: 6 December 1952 (electric tram); Opened: 6 December 1952 (diesel bus)
Upon assuming control of the Sumner line in 1905, the Board continued to operate the steam tram service it inherited from the Christchurch Tramway Company while the initial contract for electrification was still underway. From November of that year it ran electric tram services until conversion to bus operation in 1952.
Buses did make an appearance on this route while the trams were still running during the so-called "bus wars" when from 1925 both Inter City Motors and Suburban Motors ran their own private bus services along the route in an attempt to capture some of the Board's patronage. The Board responded by using its own buses to head off the competition and eventually acquired the operation of Suburban Motors in 1926.
The Sumner route was one of a few occasions on which a public ceremony was held to mark the conversion of one of the Board's tramway lines to bus operation. The first bus travelled from Cathedral Square to Sumner on the afternoon of 6 December 1952 where a crowd had gathered to witness several local dignitaries officiate the commencement of the new bus service. At the conclusion of the official function, the last tram made its way back to town.
Many improvements were made following the introduction of buses to the Sumner route. New destinations were served, catering for the travel requirements of local residents, students for several schools near the route, and visitors to the Jubilee Home in Woolston.
The day after trams ceased running on the Riccarton line, 15 June 1953, the Sumner bus service was extended to include the Riccarton route. This included the introduction of short workings to Smith Street (3S), Woolston (3W), and Redcliffs (3R), and peak-time express services stopping after Smith Street or Bamford Street.
Woolston bus services were rerouted in 1982 to terminate at Rutherford Street, replacing the 13R portion of the Opawa service that had also terminated there, over the earnest but unheeded objections of users of the 13R service. The separate Woolston service was discontinued in the late 1980s when the Mt. Pleasant service was rerouted along the end portion of that route.
4 Cranford Street.
Opened: 1 July 1910 (electric tram); Closed: 26 July 1953 (electric tram); Opened: 27 July 1953 (diesel bus)
The Cranford Street route was one of the new tramlines constructed and opened by the Board after it had electrified the lines it inherited from the private tramway companies. It remained a tram-only service until conversion to bus operation in 1953.
Initially, buses ran the route of the old tramline, terminating at Westminster Street. Some services ran an extended route through to Weston Road, replacing the previous Weston Road via Springfield Road service. A further extension of the route was implemented on 26 May 1958, with a new terminus at McFaddens Road. The unsuitable nature of the land beyond McFaddens Road for residential development meant that the terminus remained unchanged for the next two decades.
The acquisition of the remaining bus services of Midland Motorways by the Board in November 1982 gave it access to several towns and settlements north of Christchurch, which it apportioned to both the Papanui Road and Cranford Street routes. Cranford Street became such a busy thoroughfare for these services that it ceased to be a destination in its own right after 1982.
5 Brighton.
Opened, via Worcester Street: 4 August 1906 (electric tram); Opened, via Cashel Street: 1 November 1910 (electric tram); Closed: 18 October 1952 (electric tram); Opened: 18 October 1952 (diesel bus)
The Board acquired the privately operated tramline from the city to New Brighton in 1906 at which time it proceeded to electrify the line and commence its own service.
The first regular bus service to Brighton was provided by Inter City Motors during the "bus wars" of the mid-1920s. This was the first real competition to trams on the Brighton route and soon became a problem that demanded a response. In addition to improvements to the tram service, the Board decided to run its own bus service to counter that of Inter City Motors.
Services between Brighton and North Beach proved to be problematic for the Board and following the withdrawal of trams from this section in 1931 a replacement trolley bus service was introduced. It failed to attract a sufficient number of passengers and was withdrawn two years later. The Board had already tried running a trial bus service along this route, in September 1927, by extending the Pleasant Point service but the trial was unsuccessful. The next attempt in 1938, which had been designed to cater for shoppers and evening cinema patrons, also failed and like the 1927 trial was cancelled after less than one month in operation. However, the evening service continued on to 1946 at which time it was replaced by a private bus service provided by the cinema. The cinema service, including routes and times, was advertised with upcoming movies and lasted to 1964.
When a speedway opened on Rowan Avenue, Aranui in January 1949 it's Saturday evening race meetings over the summer months were a popular fixture for many years. The number of trams required to convey patrons to the racecourse caused operational difficulties to such an extent that it proved to be impossible to maintain the regular timetable and consequently buses were typically used to replace trams on the Brighton line when race meetings were held. Race meetings also meant a busy time for the tram crews and because they didn't have time for their usual meal break, a special bus was provided by the Board to bring these crews into the city for a meal before returning them to the racecourse to bring the patrons home.
The end for trams on the Brighton line came on 18 October 1952 when the first bus of the replacement service departed Cathedral Square at 15:00. At the Brighton Post Office a ribbon had been strung across Seaview Road where the first bus and the last tram waited on either side. Once the formalities were concluded and the ribbon cut, the tram returned to the city and the bus completed its run to the pier, to be followed by another 13 of the fleet. The tram timetable remained in effect until the following Monday at which time a new timetable was introduced. The new service included short workings to Aldwins Road (5A) and Breezes Road (5B), and incorporated the old Pleasant Point service that later became known as South Brighton (5S).
One problem that had been the bane of the old tram service was the need to run through (semi-) rural areas where there were few, if any, fare-paying passengers. The residential development of Aranui and industrial development near Brighton resulted in increased patronage for the buses. To cater to demand, the Breezes Road bus route was altered to terminate in Rowan Avenue.
Brighton services were connected with other routes to provide cross-town links. From 25 May 1953 Brighton buses ran a combined route with the Mays Road service, which, while not as successful as the Board had hoped, remained in effect for nearly two decades. Next, Brighton services were connected to the Fendalton route from 1972, which proved to be more successful, and they remained this way until deregulation.
6/6D/6W Worcester Street/Dallington/Wainoni.
Trams on the Worcester Street and Dallington lines were some of the first to be withdrawn by the Board, being the first tram routes to be replaced by diesel buses on 2 November 1936. It was also at this time that the Wainoni route operated by Inter City, a company the Board had acquired the previous year, was incorporated into the Board's own Worcester Street and Dallington routes.
It was with the introduction of these routes that the Board also changed its policy on route numbering. Previously, an unadorned route number had indicated that a conveyance would run the full length of the route, with the addition of letters to indicate short workings. Now, the reverse applied, with the number six used for the shortest part of the service and 6D and 6W used for extended routes, conflicting with the previous use of number 6 for the Dallington tram and 6W for the Worcester Street tram. This, combined with the ambiguity of "6D" as a route number (to many, 6D was thought to be the fare), caused much confusion amongst passengers.
Unlike most other services run by the Board, the number 6 routes ran through Cathedral Square to either the railway station or Lichfield Street. This arrangement lasted until October 1942 when wartime restrictions resulted in most trips to the railway station terminating at Lichfield Street instead.
6 Worcester Street.
Opened: March 1906 (electric tram); Closed: 1 November 1936 (electric tram); Opened: 2 November 1936 (diesel bus)
Much of the Worcester Street route was shared with other services but despite this, it was sufficiently well patronised to justify a half-hourly weekday service and less frequent Saturday services. Originally terminated at the corner of Linwood Avenue and Buckleys Road, it was extended to serve post-war development in Bromley by establishing a new terminus along Linwood Avenue at Hargood Street on 14 June 1948. Buses running to this new terminus were designated Bromley (6B).
The Bromley service's Railway Station link became obsolete with the decline in passenger rail traffic and the fact that many other bus routes ran past the Railway Station. With a dedicated Railway Station service no longer required, the Bromley and Beckenham routes were linked in the 1980s.
6D Dallington.
Opened: 1 November 1912 (electric tram); Closed: 1 November 1936 (electric tram); Opened: 2 November 1936 (diesel bus)
Trams first served Dallington when the Board opened an extension of the Worcester Street line to the suburb in 1912. It was one of the last tramlines to be built in Christchurch and also one of the first to be closed by the Board.
At first, patronage was light enough that express services were not required. When peak loadings on the Wainoni route were particularly heavy, Dallington buses were used to transfer passengers from their own route to Wainoni services at Woodham Road, an arrangement that lasted until August 1946.
The bus route initially followed the old tramline up Gloucester Street to terminate at Avonside Drive. While the tramline was in operation it was always worked with traditional double cab tramcars, as there was no room at the terminus to install a turning facility for one-man tram operation. The same issue caused problems for bus drivers for many years. The original wooden Dallington Bridge at the end of Gloucester Street had a severe weight limit and drivers were advised that they were not permitted to encroach onto the bridge. This made it difficult to turn buses for the return journey and it was not until improvements were made in Avonside Drive near the bridge that the manoeuvre could be carried out without reversing.
Route extensions were not possible until 1954 when the old bridge was replaced at which time the route was extended to McBratneys Road. Further extensions included Ferner Street (5 August 1957), Locksley Avenue (29 September 1958), and select peak-time services to the intersection of Avonside Drive and Torlesse Street (December 1968). The Dallington route was also linked to cross-town services including Bryndwr from October 1955 and to Avonside from 1980/81 with an extension to Liggins Street and later to Bampton Street from 1984.
6W Wainoni.
Opened: 2 November 1936 (diesel bus)
Wainoni first received a bus service in January 1926 during the "bus wars" when Inter City established a through service to North Beach. This service was later taken over by the Board when it acquired the company in October 1935, and became a dedicated Wainoni service when the portion of the old North Beach run between the Bower Hotel and North Beach was abandoned on 10 February 1936. On 2 November 1936 the route was altered to use Worcester Street (abandoning the Inter City route via Hereford Street) and a new timetable was adopted, combining its services with those of the Worcester Street and Dallington routes.
Weight restrictions on the old Bower Bridge limited the number of passengers that buses could carry over the bridge. Work on a new bridge started in August 1941 with construction of pre-cast concrete piles and from 8 December 1941 to 17 August 1942 the bridge was closed to all but pedestrian traffic to allow for the old bridge to be dismantled as the new bridge was erected. The opening of the new bridge allowed for all previous loading restrictions to be rescinded.
At first, loadings in the Wainoni area were light enough that an hourly service frequency sufficed, even at peak times. The route's link with the Railway Station, however, ensured that buses were typically at capacity by Cathedral Square, whereupon Dallington buses would be used to transfer passengers to Woodham Road to catch a Wainoni service. There were still no evening services, but not for lack of trying, as an unpopular Friday night service introduced in 1937 was withdrawn after about 3 months, and a service designed for cinema patrons in 1941 had to be withdrawn the following year for wartime fuel rationing. From mid-1949 until 1952 the evening services on Fridays and Saturdays continued on to South Brighton. It was not until September 1951 that Sunday services were introduced.
Route extensions included moving the terminus to the intersection of New Brighton Road and Palmers Road on 1 January 1962 and later into the suburb of Parklands, and on 4 September 1967 to Niven Street via Breezes Road and Avondale Road. This route was again extended once the old Avondale Road Bridge was replaced, terminating at Burwood Hospital.
Cross-town links included the Wharenui route from October 1955 to 4 September 1967 at which point the service terminated at Cathedral Square, and with the Mays Road route from 1972.
7 Lincoln Road.
Opened: 8 February 1906 (electric tram); Closed: 26 July 1953 (electric tram); Opened: 27 July 1953 (diesel bus)
The Lincoln Road route was inherited from the Christchurch Tramway Company and services initially provided by the Board using steam trams until electric trams were introduced on the line in 1906. This remained a tram service until conversion to bus operation in 1953.
With the introduction of bus services, the old tram route was retained for most services but some ran an extended route to a new terminus at the intersection of Hoon Hay Road and Lewis Street to serve a rapidly growing residential area. The route was split on 30 May 1960 when it was extended to a new terminus at Sparks Road/Victors Road and a terminus added at Halswell Road/Rowley Avenue. As with the preceding tram service, this route was always combined with the Cranford Street route.
8 Riccarton.
Opened, to Clyde Road: November 1905 (electric tram); Opened, to Riccarton Racecourse: 12 March 1906 (electric tram); Closed: 14 June 1953 (electric tram); Opened: 15 June 1953 (diesel bus)
Riccarton was one of the first new tramlines to open, initially using steam traction from 2 November 1905, and later electric trams as electrification proceeded to the terminus. The Board's Riccarton bus service did not come until nearly five decades later when they replaced the trams on 15 June 1953. This new service formed part of a cross-town service with the Sumner route. Space constraints in Cathedral Square meant that the central city terminus of the route was located on Worcester Street outside the Avon cinema.
The bus route only followed the route of the tramline as far as the western end of Riccarton Road where it split into two legs. Some buses carried on to the Racecourse via Yaldhurst and Racecourse Roads whilst the others ran on to Buchanans Road. Residential development to the west of the city soon ensued and to meet the demand for public transport services the Yaldhurst leg was extended to terminate at Cutts Road. Further extensions included to Fovant Street on 4 June 1962 and Bentley Street on 4 June 1966. A new leg was created along Avonhead Road to Maidstone Road on 4 December 1959 but later cancelled in favour of extending the Creyke Road route. The Buchanans Road leg was also extended to match residential development, to Wycola Avenue from 30 September 1957, and later down Gilberthorpes Road to connect with Templeton buses in Islington.
There were two short workings on the Riccarton route, to Clyde Road (8C) and Church Corner (8B). These were linked to the short workings on the Sumner route and were popular throughout the day, and complemented the express services at peak times.
9 Fendalton.
Opened, to Holmwood Road: November 1909 (electric tram); Opened, to Clyde Road: 18 December 1912 (electric tram); Closed: 5 February 1950 (electric tram); Opened: 6 February 1950 (diesel bus)
Trams provided public transport services to Fendalton for four decades from 1909 until being withdrawn in 1950. Following the successful introduction of diesel buses on the Worcester Street, Dallington, and Railway Station routes in 1936, the Board made plans in 1938 to introduce them to other lightly patronised tramlines, specifically St. Martins and Fendalton/Opawa. Though buses did replace trams for a short time on the St. Martins route, the intervention of World War 2 scuttled the Board's plans to withdraw the Fendalton and Opawa tram service due to restrictions on supplies and the unavailability of new vehicles.
When the Board was next able to consider the issue of bus replacement of tram services following World War 2, the Fendalton/Opawa tram service was one of the first to go. Though the trams were not withdrawn until 5 February 1950, buses had been used on the Fendalton route for a number of years. Sunday services had already been switched to bus operation from 10 April 1949, and in December a route to Clyde Road via Ilam Road had started to serve State housing developments. This latter service became part of the Fendalton route when the new bus timetable was introduced on 6 February 1950.
Extensions to the Fendalton service included to Truman Road (mid-1950s), to Grahams Road (30 June 1958), to Kendal Avenue (2 December 1963), and finally Burnside Crescent (7 December 1964). This portion of the route mostly served State housing and consequently buses had to cater for the large number of young children living in the area.
Midland Motorways held a license to operate bus services on Memorial Avenue out to the Airport, a situation that prevented the Board from extending the Fendalton service along this route. When it obtained its own license for Memorial Avenue, services were extended to Ilam Road from 6 January 1958. Further extensions included Grahams Road (30 June 1958), Avonhead Road (2 December 1963), and Withells Road (1977). The Fendalton route's cross-town link was changed to Brighton in 1972, ending its association with Opawa.
10 Marshland Road and Richmond.
Opened: 27 December 1906 (steam tram); Opened: 15 August 1910 (electric tram); Closed: 16 August 1934 (electric tram); Opened: 17 December 1934 (trolley bus); Closed: 30 May 1956 (trolley bus); Opened: 31 May 1956 (diesel bus)
Christchurch's second trolley bus line opened on 17 December 1934. It followed the North Beach tramline through Richmond as far as Marshland Road where it met but was not physically joined to the existing trolley bus line to North Beach. There was a short working to the intersection of North Avon Road and Tweed Street.
As with trolley buses on the North Beach service, those used on the Richmond run were not equipped to display route numbers. This caused confusion when, in the late 1930s, diesel buses were used on this route to augment capacity and did show route numbers. In this case, buses used the route number 10, with 10T used for the short working to Tweed Street.
For a short time following the commencement of a new Shirley service on 15 January 1951, North Beach trolley buses ran via the Richmond route, replacing the Marshland Road via Richmond service. The two separate trolley bus routes were reinstated on 16 July 1951.
As the Board's post-war programme of fleet upgrades and modernisation neared its zenith in the 1950s, it was decided to withdraw the trolley bus system and focus on diesel buses. Consequently, the last trolley bus service to Marshland Road ran on 30 May 1956.
The replacement diesel bus service was extended several times, first to Joy Street from 25 August 1958, then to Briggs Road, and throughout the 1980s it followed the development of the north-eastern suburbs through Burwood, Parklands, Waimairi Beach, and North Beach to end up at New Brighton. A cross-town link with the Opawa route was established in December 1972 that lasted to 1980/81 when it was switched to a combined Marshland Road–Avonhead route.
11 Avonside.
Opened: 13 January 1926 (petrol bus)
A motor omnibus service run by C. R. Brown to Avonside commenced operation in the early 1920s. Its route followed Armagh Street, Brittan Street, and Patten Street to terminate on Retreat Road. When Brown tried to renew his license in June 1926, the Board used its authority under the Motor Omnibus Traffic Act 1926 to compulsorily acquire his business. After performing due diligence on the operation, the Board decided not to continue the service, in part because they were hoping to also acquire the business of Inter City Motors and thereby establish a new route serving North Beach, Wainoni, and Avonside.
When their attempt to purchase Inter City Motors was rebuffed, they acquiesced to local pressure and decided to run their own Avonside service, which started on 19 December 1927. It never distinguished itself financially and in 1929 it was decided to put the service out for tender. The tender was awarded to W. C. Sanders who took over the running of the service on 11 July 1929 using a White bus he had agreed to purchase from the Board. This also coincided with an extension of the route along Kellar Street (previously Leighton Street) and Morris Street west to terminate at Avonside Drive. A special route via England Street (previously Rolleston Street) and Woodham Road was used when events were held at Wilding Park.
Sanders' contract expired on 11 July 1933 and the Board, being wary of his financial position, decided not to renew it and instead offered it to two of his drivers, Ted Pycroft and Jim Henderson. They assumed responsibility for the service and continued operations using a Republic bus provided by the Board. Over the next two decades there were a succession of private operators and vehicles including the introduction of a Thornycroft in 1937 and a Ford V8 in 1942.
With the post-war easing of restrictions on the supply of fuel, additional services were provided on the Avonside route. The route was also extended along Robson Avenue, Galbraith Avenue, and Morris Street from 18 October 1948 to serve new residential development. New patronage required additional capacity and so to cater for the demand an A.E.C. "Q" bus was used on Saturdays. As the "Q"s were only equipped to display route numbers and not destinations, the route number 11 was assigned to Avonside.
The Board resumed control of the Avonside service on 18 June 1951 at which time the drivers that had been operating the service became employees of the Board. When the Dallington route assimilated the Avonside service in 1980/81, Avonside ceased to be a destination in its own right though the route number 11 remained in use for buses travelling through the area.
12 St. Martins.
Opened: 7 April 1914 (electric tram); Closed: 5 January 1941 (electric tram); Opened: 6 January 1941 (diesel bus); Re-opened: 6 July 1942 (electric tram); Closed: 19 May 1946 (electric tram); Re-opened: 20 May 1946 (diesel and petrol bus)
Despite being the last tramline constructed and opened by the Board, St. Martins was never particularly busy and by the 1930s had deteriorated to the point where it was being considered for closure. Following the successful introduction of diesel buses in 1936, the Board made plans in 1938 to use them to replace tram services on other routes, including St. Martins. When a sufficient number of vehicles were available, the tram service was withdrawn on 5 January 1941 and the bus service commenced the next day, following the tram route and using the same stops as the trams. New services were soon added to the timetable including express services at peak times.
The imposition of restrictions on the Board's operations due to World War 2 and the difficulty in obtaining parts and supplies for its buses led to the withdrawal of the St. Martins bus service and the reintroduction of trams on 6 July 1942, despite the poor condition of the tram track. This situation lasted until the trams were withdrawn for the second time on 19 May 1946 and the reintroduction of the bus service the next day using both petrol and diesel vehicles.
Heading out to St. Martins, the new bus route used Manchester Street instead of Colombo Street as previously, and at Moorhouse Avenue buses either turned left to go down Waltham Road past the Railway Station, or right to head down Colombo Street and Brougham Street through the Sydenham shopping precinct. Bus drivers were tasked with counting passengers using the Sydenham route and, following analysis of the data obtained, it was decided to discontinue the Sydenham deviation, with all buses using Waltham Road from 12 December 1949.
From 19 May 1947 to 20 February 1949 the St. Martins route was linked with the Somerfield route on weekdays only. A new route was created in December 1984 combining the St. Martins and Huntsbury routes.
13 Opawa.
Opened: 21 September 1909 (electric tram); Closed: 5 February 1950 (electric tram); Opened: 6 February 1950 (diesel bus)
Services to Opawa commenced on 14 March 1907 using steam-hauled trams. Electric trams followed in 1909 and, despite an attempt to replace them with buses in the 1930s, remained in service for four decades. Bus services began with Sunday services from 10 April 1949 and concluded with complete bus replacement on 6 February 1950. Two extensions of the Opawa route were established only months after the new bus service started: to Hillsborough, terminating at Grange Street from Opawa Road (13H); and to the Radley area (Woolston), terminating on Rutherford Street from Garlands Road (13R). Both of these changes, effective 28 August 1950, were intended to serve areas of new residential development as well as the industrial complex between Rutherford Street and Bamford Street. A further extension of the Hillsborough service was implemented on 30 June 1969, terminating at Brabourne Road on Opawa Road.
Coinciding with the new cross-town link established between Fendalton and Brighton in December 1972, the Woolston portion of the Opawa service was joined to the Marshland Road route. Also, as the Lyttelton suburban rail services had recently ceased operation, the Lyttelton bus service was rerouted to follow the railway line and collect passengers from around the railway stations, and in so doing largely followed the Hillsborough section of the Opawa service.
The Marshland Road and Opawa routes were de-linked in 1980–81, and the Woolston section of the Opawa service was terminated when the area became served by a change to the Woolston service. The similarity of the Opawa and Lyttelton routes had resulted in their amalgamation by December 1984 and the route number 13 was no longer used.
14 Spreydon.
Opened, to Strickland Street: 3 August 1911 (electric tram); Opened, to Coronation Street: September 1915 (electric tram); Opened, to Barrington Street: August 1922 (electric tram); Closed: 21 June 1953 (electric tram); Opened: 22 June 1953 (diesel bus)
Spreydon was one of the later tram routes to open, and later had the distinction of being the last tram route on which a section of new tramline was constructed (the Barrington Street extension in 1922). Trams were withdrawn from the Spreydon route on 21 June 1953 and replaced with buses the following day. The bus route ran to a new terminus beyond the end of the tramline, at the intersection of Barrington and Somerfield Streets. The Somerfield bus route, which had terminated here, was redirected.
A new leg to the Spreydon route was created, down Selwyn Street to the intersection with Somerfield Street. This was joined on 15 September 1958 with the first route by using Somerfield Street to create a loop, with buses travelling in both directions. Simeon Street and Coronation Street were removed from the route on 17 December 1984 and a new terminus established at the intersection of Barrington and Athelstan Streets.
15 Railway Station.
Opened, via Manchester Street: 6 June 1905 (electric tram); Opened, via Colombo Street: 4 July 1905 (electric tram); Closed, via Manchester Street: 6 April 1932 (electric tram); Closed, via Colombo Street: 1 November 1936 (electric tram); Opened: 2 November 1936 (diesel bus)
Trams operated a dedicated service between the central city and Railway Station until they were withdrawn from this route, along with the number 6 trams, on 1 November 1936. The replacement was the city's first diesel bus service, which was introduced as an economy measure to reduce expenditure on lightly trafficked routes. The tram route via Manchester Street had closed 2½ years earlier and since then trams to the Railway Station had used Colombo Street.
The Board's bus service, introduced on 2 November 1936, continued to be complemented by trams, which provided an irregular service to the Railway Station as they travelled past on their way to or from the Falsgrave Street depot.
Being a dedicated link to the Railway Station, the number 6 buses had been timed to meet arriving trains from various locations around Christchurch. As more routes were converted to bus operation, some were routed past the Railway Station and were able to alleviate some of this load. The Worcester Street route remained linked to the Railway Station after the Dallington and Wainoni routes were assigned to new cross-town services with the Bryndwr and Wharenui routes respectively in October 1955.
The number of people needing to access the Railway Station declined along with the use of passenger rail around Christchurch. The last suburban rail service ran on 30 April 1976 and the final local service followed a few months later on 14 September. By the early 1980s the dedicated Railway Station bus service had become obsolete and was withdrawn, leaving only those buses that frequented the railway station in passing.
16 St. Albans Park.
Opened, to Edgeware Road: 24 December 1906 (electric tram); Opened, to terminus: 19 July 1915 (electric tram); Closed: 21 June 1953 (electric tram); Opened: 22 June 1953 (diesel bus)
The Board's bus service to St. Albans Park started on 22 June 1953, a day after the last St. Albans tram. It ran to a new route that followed the tramline, but continued on to a new terminus at Ranger Street via Flockton Street, Kensington Avenue, and Philpotts Road. An existing service that had commenced in 1949 along Springfield Road and Weston Road was truncated at Cranford Street. In the central city, buses initially followed the one-way streets but from the mid-1960s they were rerouted to Manchester Street and Peterborough Street.
The withdrawal of the trams afforded the City Council an opportunity to reconfigure Bealey Avenue. Traffic had previously travelled in both directions either side of the median strip with trams running on double track in the northern carriageway. When buses were introduced on the route the Avenue was changed to have eastbound traffic on the northern side and westbound traffic on the southern side.
A new service commenced on 5 August 1957 that continued down Westminster Street to terminate at Hills Road.
The Ranger Street terminus of the original route was changed in January 1959 by turning it into a loop around some local streets to avoid problems that drivers had had with turning their vehicles for the return journey.
17 Bryndwr.
Opened: 12 January 1925 (petrol bus), 2 November 1936 (diesel bus)
Bryndwr was one of the areas the Board had hoped to construct a new tramline for in the 1920s, but was prevented from doing so by economic conditions. When the Board failed to provide its own service to the suburb, the private operator W. C. Sanders filled the gap with a point-to-point service linking Bryndwr and Harewood from 1924. The Board was desirous of running its own Bryndwr service for which it had ordered Tilling-Stevens buses. In the meantime, it commenced operations using a recently acquired White bus on 12 January 1925. When this bus had to be deployed elsewhere during the "bus wars," the service had to be continued with vehicles from the disparate collection still in the Board's possession until they were able to take delivery of the Tilling-Stevens buses in late 1925.
The original route started from Cathedral Square and ran along Colombo Street, Armagh Street, Park Terrace, through the Carlton Mill area, and up Rossall Street to the intersection of Glandovey Road and Strowan Road. From here, buses alternated between travelling in a clockwise or anti-clockwise direction around the circuit formed by Glandovey Road, Idris Road, Wairakei Road (previously Wairarapa Road), and Strowan Road. Inbound services entered Cathedral Square from Worcester Street rather than Colombo Street. Timetabled services ran Monday to Saturday, no Sunday service.
Pre-war extensions to the Bryndwr route included a trial of services to Windermere Road from Idris Road in November 1927 and in July 1931 having select services continuing on down Wairarapa Road to either Ilam Road or Blighs Road.
Bryndwr was one of several routes to switch to diesel bus operation on 2 November 1936 when A.E.C. "Q" buses commenced operation. As the "Q"s required a route number to indicate their destination, the number 17 was used for buses going as far as Idris Road and Wairarapa Road, and those travelling on used the route number 17E. Route number 17 had previously been assigned to the proposed Bryndwr tram route when new destination roll blinds were produced in 1921. Later fleet upgrades included the introduction of A.E.C. Mark IV Regal to the Bryndwr route to replace the "Q"s, and the replacement of the Mark IVs with the Long Reliance in 1958. It was not until the early 1980s that Long Reliances were retired after which a variety of Bristols and MANs were used.
A cross-town service between Bryndwr and Dallington was established in October 1955.
Extensions to the Wairakei Road leg continued apace with the terminus moving to Greers Road on 1 May 1950 and further expanded in March 1951, Grahams Road (September 1958), Kendall Avenue (February 1960), Charlcott Street (May 1962), Breens Road (February 1967), and finally to Sheffield Crescent where industrial development had taken place in the late 1970s/early 1980s. Services to Aorangi Road were not able to proceed on to Greers Road until February 1960 following the completion of Condell Avenue. Further extensions to this leg followed on 14 September 1964 to Leacroft Street by way of Kilburn Street and Isleworth Street and in 1982 to the intersection of Sawyers Arms Road and Crofton Road by way of Breens Road and Gardiners Road.
18 Springfield Road.
Opened: 28 January 1925 (petrol bus), 2 November 1936 (diesel bus)
In January 1925 Inter City Motor Service started a bus service to Springfield Road, having recently discontinued its service to Papanui. The Board viewed this move as a threat to its business and responded by starting its own bus service to the area on 28 January 1925 using hired vehicles. The single bus on offer from Inter City Motors was unable to compete against the two deployed by the Board and so the Inter City Motors service was quickly withdrawn. It was not until later in the year that the Board was able to take delivery of additional buses for its own fleet and relieve itself of the considerable expense of hiring buses from private operators. Two of these contractors later established their own service to Springfield Road in competition with the Board along the route that had been used by Inter City Motors. The Board acquired their business the following year.
Services actually ran as far as Mays Road, and Springfield Road was one of the main thoroughfares. At first, buses started from Cathedral Square and traversed Victoria Street, Durham Street, Springfield Road, Somme Street, Hawkesbury Avenue, Browns Road and Bretts Road on their way to Mays Road. The Mays Road destination was removed in May 1926, with services looping around the block of Bretts Road, Knowles Street, and Rutland Street. Mays Road was reinstated in March 1927 as an extended circuit whilst retaining Knowles Street for some services, but from September the Mays Road circuit was used by all services, alternating between Bretts Road and Rutland Street for outbound journeys.
A variety of petrol buses from the Board's fleet were used on this route. They were supplanted on 2 November 1936 by A.E.C. Regal half-cab diesel buses. It was also at this time that route numbers were allocated to the Springfield Road services, with those using Rutland Street known as 18R and via Bretts Road as 18B.
Apart from a short-lived service to Weston Road, this route remained unaltered after the 1920s. It was part of two cross-town links, from 25 May 1953 with the Brighton route and from late 1972 with the Wainoni route. By the 1950s the route had become known as the Mays Road service.
18W Weston Road.
Opened: 14 February 1949 (diesel bus); Closed: 27 July 1953
One of many areas to experience residential development in post-World War 2 Christchurch was a strip of land running southwest – northeast between Innes Road and McFaddens Road. This area was not well served by public transport, with the nearest tramlines being those to Cranford Street and St. Albans Park. There was no prospect of these lines being extended, as an earlier proposal from the 1920s to link the St. Albans Park line to the North Beach line had been scrapped. For either of these routes to connect to this area the trams would first have to be withdrawn.
As a temporary solution, it was decided to extend the Springfield Road service into this area. Starting from 14 February 1949, every other Springfield Road bus turned off Rutland Street into Weston Road, ending its run at Cranford Street. The terminus of this route followed the growth of residential development eastwards, moving to Jameson Avenue by 20 June 1949 and to Philpotts Road via Nancy Avenue and Ranger Street on 8 December 1952. Patronage was regularly assessed to ensure the service's continued viability.
Despite the indirect nature of the route to the central city, it maintained its popularity with local residents. When the St. Albans Park tramline closed, the replacement bus service followed an extended route to the intersection of Philpotts Road and Ranger Street from 22 June 1953. As this was also the terminus of the 18W service, its route was truncated at Cranford Street. Just one month later following the replacement of the Cranford Street tramline with an extended bus route terminating at Weston Road on 27 July 1953, the 18W service was cancelled. The number 18 buses resumed their original routes to Mays Road.
19 North Beach.
Opened, to Burwood: 15 August 1910 (electric tram); Opened, Burwood–North Beach and Pier: 1 October 1914 (electric tram); Opened, to Shirley: 15 January 1925 (petrol bus); Closed, Marshland Road–terminus: 22 August 1927 (electric tram); Re-opened, Marshland Road–terminus: 1 October 1928 (electric tram); Opened, to Shirley: 1 April 1931 (trolley bus); Closed, Marshland Road–terminus: 4 July 1931 (electric tram); Opened, Shirley–North Beach and Brighton Pier: 5 July 1931 (trolley bus); Closed, North Beach–Brighton Pier: 13 May 1933 (trolley bus); Closed: 8 November 1956 (trolley bus); Opened: 8 November 1956 (diesel bus)
Public demand for improved transport services to the suburb of Shirley prompted the Board to consider its options in the 1920s. It had proposed a new tramline connecting the St. Albans Park line to the North Beach line along Warrington Street and Shirley Road but, like other proposed tramlines at the time, the idea had to be dropped due to economic conditions. It therefore decided to start its own bus service and, using a vehicle hired from private operator W. C. Sanders, commenced services on 15 January 1925. The route initially started from a terminus near the intersection of Colombo Street and Gloucester Street, from where it followed Manchester Street, Oxford Terrace, Kilmore Street, Fitzgerald Avenue, Hills Road, and Warden Street, where it terminated in a circuit around Chancellor Street, Shirley Road, and Slater Street. Inbound services returned along Armagh Street. Within the first two months the City terminus had been relocated to The Square. In using Manchester Street, Oxford Terrace, and Kilmore Street, the service followed the route of the proposed Northeast City tramline. Services ran on Mondays to Saturdays, no Sunday service.
Christchurch's first trolley bus service commenced operation to Shirley on 1 April 1931, later extended to North Beach and the Brighton Pier on 5 July 1931. The route, starting from Cathedral Square, ran along High Street, Cashel Street, Fitzgerald Avenue, Hills Road, and Shirley Road where the trolley bus line met the old North Beach tramline at Marshland Road and followed it to the terminus. Inbound services entered The Square from Worcester Street. Short workings to the intersection of Shirley Road and Stapletons Road, Burwood, and eventually at the New Brighton Racecourse were provided for with loops in the overhead lines. When the second trolley bus service to Richmond opened in 1934, both routes shared the line down Cashel Street to Fitzgerald Avenue.
At its greatest extent, the trolley bus line ran down Marine Parade, like the North Beach tramline before it, to connect with the Brighton tramline at the Pier. This part of the route was never successful so the line was truncated at North Beach on 13 May 1933. The tramline at the North Beach end of the route along Marine Parade and as far back as Bassett Street was, however, left in place to be used for special events at the Racecourse. On such occasions the trolley buses were not expected to cope with the crowds along the regular North Beach route so capacity was augmented by running extra trams up the Brighton tramline then back along the eastern end of the North Beach tramline to a point where they were met by trolley buses running shuttles to the Racecourse.
As on Bealey Avenue, traffic ran in both directions on either side of the median strip on Fitzgerald Avenue. Trolley buses used the western carriageway between the Moorhouse Avenue depot and Kilmore Street, and the eastern carriageway between Heywood Terrace and Bealey Avenue. It was not until the withdrawal of the trolley buses that Fitzgerald Avenue could be converted to one direction per carriageway.
A short-lived extension was started on 25 May 1936 using a petrol bus that was run out to North Beach from the City and back on scheduled services every day. During the day, it connected with trolley buses at the Ozone Corner and ran up Marine Parade to Effingham Street (previously Berry Street). The trial failed to attract sufficient interest and the service was cancelled a couple of months later on 31 July.
Trolley buses were identified only by their destinations, as they were not equipped to display route numbers. Only when diesel buses were called upon to augment capacity did route numbers become necessary and so the number 19 was assigned to the North Beach service. Short workings to Shirley and Burwood were assigned 19S and 19B respectively.
A new residential development north of Shirley Road attracted the attention of the Board in 1951. It was decided to establish a new bus service to the area and, as the Board was not interested in extending the trolley bus network, it was started on 15 January 1951 using petrol and diesel buses. The route ran to Acheson Avenue via Emmett Street, travelling under trolley bus lines much of the way. As the point at which this new service turned off Shirley Road into Emmett Street was close to where the Marshland Road via Richmond trolley bus route met the North Beach line, North Beach trolley buses were diverted at the same time to run via Richmond and the Richmond trolley bus service was suspended. A few months later on 16 July the trolley buses reverted to their previous routes but the short working to Shirley was cancelled.
Further development in the Emmett Block area and neighbouring suburbs led to extensions of the Shirley bus service, including to Voss Street via Orcades Street and Quinns Road (28 April 1958), up Olivine Street (December 1959), and to the intersection of Marshland Road and Briggs Road (3 December 1962).
The North Beach service remained largely unaltered until the trolley buses were replaced with their diesel counterparts on 8 November 1956 and it was only then that modifications to the route could be considered. The first was to relocate the Burwood terminus to the intersection of Bassett Street and Parnwell Street (24 August 1957) followed by a deviation around Lake Terrace Road, Burwood Road, and Travis Road before reaching the terminus (5 October 1964), and the inclusion of Burwood Hospital from Burwood Road and Mairehau Road on 13 October 1966.
A cross-town service between Burwood and Springs Road (previously Wharenui) was established on 4 September 1967.
There were also alterations at the North Beach end of the route, including: around Bower Avenue and Marriotts Road from December 1958; along Marine Parade to Pacific Street from December 1959; and an extended circuit for select services only around Bower Avenue, Beach Road, and Marine Parade to serve the suburb of Waimairi Beach from 3 July 1961. The growing importance of New Brighton as a weekend shopping destination led to the extension of these services from North Beach to New Brighton on Saturdays from 1 June 1963.
20 Somerfield.
Opened: 9 September 1946 (petrol bus)
The Somerfield route connected an area of housing development near Lyttelton Street to the central city and commenced service on 9 September 1946. At first buses ended their run in Rose Street but the terminus was moved on 25 November to the intersection of Barrington and Somerfield Streets. The central city terminus was located on Gloucester Street near Chancery Lane, a stop that was shared with several other routes started at around this time due to space constraints in Cathedral Square. It was not until 19 April 1952 that a stop in the Square could be allocated to the Somerfield route.
Outbound services ran non-stop to Christchurch West High School to encourage those not travelling out of the central city to use other services on account of the limited capacity of the Ford V8 buses used on this route. This measure remained in effect until the service frequency had sufficiently increased.
A cross-town service was created on 19 May 1947 involving the Somerfield and St. Martins routes. Initially only in effect on weekdays because of the limited weekend services provided to Somerfield, it was increased to a full-time arrangement from 20 February 1949.
The route was extended several times: first, to Hoon Hay Road from 22 June 1953 to avoid a clash with changes to the Spreydon route; next, to the intersection of Cashmere Road and Worsleys Road on 31 August 1962; and lastly, to Princess Margaret Hospital on 17 December 1984.
21 Creyke Road.
Opened: 9 September 1946 (diesel bus)
The Creyke Road bus service served residential areas between the Fendalton and Riccarton tram routes. Starting from Gloucester Street, buses followed much of the Riccarton tramline, turning off Riccarton Road at Straven Road and eventually terminating at the intersection of Creyke Road and Ilam Road. The first stop for outbound services and the last stop for inbound services were at Christchurch Boys High School meaning there was no connection with the tram service.
At first the timetable provided only for a daytime weekday service that did not cater for commuters. This changed when the route was linked with the Beckenham service on 12 July 1948, adding both commuter services and a late night Friday service. The starting point of the service moved from Gloucester Street to Cathedral Square in December 1958.
Disappointing returns from the Creyke Road service prompted an instruction to drivers to pick up passengers along the Riccarton tram route, and later, the route was changed to use Deans Avenue and Kilmarnock Street where it was hoped to appeal to more potential passengers.
Maidstone Road was constructed in 1963–64 and enabled the extension of the bus route past the University of Canterbury and the Teachers College. Having exceeded Creyke Road as a destination, the route was renamed Avonhead to more accurately describe the area served. Further extensions were made as the community grew, eventually terminating on Woodbury Street at Mirfield Place and returning in a loop around Ansonby Street.
The Avonhead and Marshland Road routes were combined during 1980–81.
22 Templeton.
Opened: 18 June 1918 (battery-electric bus), Q3/Q4 1920 (petrol bus), 15 June 1953 (diesel bus)
The Board's first, and only, experiment with a battery-electric bus constituted their first service to Templeton, which commenced service on 18 June 1918. It was a feeder service that connected with the No. 8 Riccarton trams at the tram terminus in Sockburn via Islington and ran seven days a week. The vehicle, a Walker electric, was unreliable and often failed in service, leading to its replacement on the Templeton run in 1920 by a Garford petrol bus. The ride quality and amenities of the Garford were little better than the Walker it replaced, so in 1923 the body of the Walker was rebuilt on a Leyland chassis, increasing its capacity and providing a much improved ride for the passengers.
The Templeton route became a lucrative business for several private operators during the "bus wars" of the mid-1920s. They were able to provide a more appealing service for many passengers over those provided by the Board and the Railways Department with a direct connection between the central city and Templeton. With the passage of the Motor Omnibus Traffic Act in 1926, these operators were either driven out of business or purchased by the Board, upsetting many travellers who did not appreciate the mode change at Sockburn or the fact that through fares were not available.
In October 1926 the service was put out to tender. The successful bidder took over the service on 15 November 1926, but soon discovered that a significant portion of their patronage was derived from workers at the Islington freezing works which, when out of season, considerably affected the revenue they earned. The Board therefore agreed to increase the subsidy.
Weekdays through services from Templeton to Cathedral Square were trialled for a three-month period from August 1926, after which the timetable reverted to the previous feeder service. The Board reinstated them from 1 August 1930 on a select few services through to the Bridge of Remembrance as it had remained in control of the timetable.
When the contract came up for renewal in October 1928, it was re-let to the same operator. W. C. Sanders took over the service in October 1930 when the contract next came up for renewal. This was not the only business Sanders had with the Board and he quickly discovered that he was unable to meet all of his obligations. The Board cancelled all of the contracts it had with him, save for his operation of the Avonside service. Under the Board's control once again, the through services were discontinued and the feeder operation was reinstated from May 1931 using two drivers previously in the employ of Sanders. After a dispute with the union, the drivers became contracted operators of the service in April 1932, being compensated on a mileage basis. The contact was renewed in June 1933.
A variety of vehicles made an appearance on the Templeton service after the Walker and Garford buses. When the service was let to private operators, they used a Graham-Dodge and later a Republic, both hired from the Board. A Minerva was assigned to the route when through services were introduced to provide additional capacity. A Thornycroft, formerly in service to Inter City Motors, replaced the Minerva in 1937. When the Thornycroft had to be withdrawn in 1939 due to deficiencies identified by the Transport Department, a later model Minerva was assigned to the Templeton run. A Ford V8, the first in the Board's fleet, replaced it in 1942. As the Ford was equipped to display route numbers, it was the first to use the number 22, which had been assigned to Templeton.
Direct connections to Templeton were re-established on 6 October 1947 when most weekday services terminated in the central city. Most weekend services, including all those on Sundays, remained feeders to the Riccarton trams. The through-runs operated as quasi-express services between Sockburn and the City. This remained the case until the replacement of trams on the Riccarton route with diesel buses on 15 June 1953, at which point all services terminated in the central city.
Expansion of the city in the suburbs of Hornby, Islington, and Templeton in the 1950s required several modifications to the route to ensure its greatest utility to the area. For several years from April 1957 some buses ran via Blenheim Road until the Wharenui buses were extended through this area. Selected Islington services used a modified route along Waterloo and Carmen Roads from September 1957 including stops at several industrial installations for the benefit of workers in the suburbs of Sockburn and Hornby. Special services were also provided for patrons of events at the Ruapuna Speedway, and during the 1974 Commonwealth Games to Denton Park.
23 Mount Pleasant.
Opened: 27 November 1944 (petrol bus)
The genesis of the public bus service to Mount Pleasant was a bus service that the Board was already providing for workers at the Marathon Rubber Footwear factory in Woolston. From 27 November 1944 this service was extended from the factory to the Mount Pleasant school on Major Hornbrook Road. Morning and evening return services were provided, catering for factory workers travelling from the central city and mainly shoppers during the day. Inbound services followed a route along Major Hornbrook Road, St. Andrews Hill Road, Ferry Road, Dyers Road, Linwood Avenue, and Worcester Street.
Services were provided using a "square" Ford V8 that displayed the route number 3P the whole time it was assigned to the Mount Pleasant route, despite the route number 23 having been "reserved" for Mount Pleasant as far back as 1948. The AEC Mark IV Regals were the first to use route number 23.
Changes to the route included an extension to Mount Pleasant Road via Belleview Terrace from 2 June 1958. It became an extension of the Sumner service in 1982, eventually adopting the route number 3G. Following the cancellation of the Woolston service in the late 1980s, Mount Pleasant buses were rerouted to serve the area with a diversion along Rutherford Street, Garlands Road, and Radley Street.
24/5S Pleasant Point/South Brighton.
Opened: 19 January 1925 (petrol bus), 18 October 1952 (diesel bus)
Public agitation around 1919 for improved transport links to South Brighton prompted the Board to investigate its options for the area. A tramline, as an extension of the Brighton service, was considered but rejected, as was the idea of using the Walker battery-electric bus that had recently been removed from the Templeton run.
The Board did undertake a one-month trial in 1923 using a Garford bus and local driver, but it made a loss and was not renewed. It was another two years before they tried again, and on 19 January 1925 a contracted feeder service connecting with the Brighton trams commenced operation using a local driver, Ern Smith. He used his own vehicle, a converted International truck, for which he was compensated on a mileage basis.
The service remained a contracted operation for the next 2½ decades. Arch Lawson took over in December 1932 and, with a Willys-Knight vehicle, ran the service for the next four years. Jim McGregor successfully tendered for the service in February 1936 and used his own Packard except when demand necessitated the use of a larger vehicle on loan from the Board. By 1939 overcrowding had become a problem so the Board increased the number of services and constructed a new bus on a Ford V8 chassis with a capacity for 16 seats. It was delivered to McGregor on 11 August 1939 and he paid for it over time by not receiving a subsidy for operation of the service.
Wartime restrictions on petrol resulted in the removal of all Sunday services from the timetable from March 1942. They were not reinstated until November 1943.
Overloading had again become a problem by 1943 resulting in the increased use of a larger vehicle to handle the demand. McGregor had his contract extended in October 1944, giving him the certainty he needed to obtain a larger vehicle. His Ford V8 was stretched, enabling it to carry 25 passengers, and was ready in September 1945. The Board occasionally borrowed this vehicle to trial new services, and in these cases McGregor had use of one of the Board's "Square" Ford V8 buses, as he had done while his own Ford was being modified.
Following concerns raised about the dearth of Sunday and evening services by the South Brighton Progress League in August 1946, the Board increased the subsidy it paid for operation of the service. Despite this, Sunday services continued to run to a summer timetable, and evening services were withdrawn after failing to attract sufficient interest. Evening services did make an appearance again in July 1949, though not as a Pleasant Point service, but instead as an extension of one of the late Wainoni services on Fridays and Saturdays.
McGregor retired in January 1950, leaving the operation to his business partner, Wilf Read. On 18 June 1951 the Board assumed control of the service, having terminated the contract with Read. As the vehicle that had been used on this service belonged to the private operator, the Board decided to use a 29 seat Ford V8 from its own fleet on the route.
Through services were introduced on 26 November 1951 at the behest of the Progress League, comprising morning and evening commuter services and a select few daytime services for shoppers. The Fords soon had to be replaced by Leyland Tiger buses to cope with the demand, though the Fords continued to provide the feeder services.
The withdrawal of trams from the Brighton tramline and the introduction of diesel buses to the route saw Pleasant Point services combined with those to Brighton in a new timetable, effective from 18 October 1952. As connections with trams were no longer required, the new timetable also eliminated the feeder services.
Several route modifications followed to extend services to areas of new development including to the intersection of Caspian Street and Rockinghorse Road from 3 October 1960, and eventually, to the end of Rockinghorse Road. When the terminus moved beyond the Pleasant Point Domain, the route number 5S and destination South Brighton were assigned to the route. The previous route number, 24, appears to have been allocated after 1945, the route prior to this time being identified only by its destination, Pleasant Point. The route was re-designated Southshore in 1984.
24 Airport.
Opened: 5 January 1976 (diesel bus)
Canterbury's centennial celebrations in 1950 were the first occasion on which the Board was called upon to provide services to the Airport. Demand for travel to the official function on 18 December 1950 at which the former Harewood Airport became Christchurch International Airport exceeded the capacity of the regular airport service provided by Midland Motorways so the Board was asked to assist for the occasion.
The Board's own regular service to the airport began on 5 January 1976 following the Board's acquisition of the license for the route after Midland Motorways discontinued its own airport service. It quickly became one of the more profitable routes for the Board, justifying an increase in service frequency to 30-minute intervals after only two years.
Besides local residents along the route and airport workers, air passengers were one of the biggest sources of patronage for the service. The large amount of luggage they normally had with them necessitated the use of specially adapted buses with space for luggage racks and bays. When "New" Reliance buses proved inadequate to the task, they were replaced on this route with three Swifts and a Leyland with more generous accommodation for luggage. The University of Canterbury also became an important source of passengers as the route included Riccarton and Ilam Roads.
25 Wharenui.
Opened: 31 December 1946 (diesel bus)
New housing estates in Riccarton between Blenheim and Riccarton Roads prompted the creation of the Wharenui route, which commenced service on 30 December 1946. Buses also provided access to the industrial area off Blenheim Road and to the Addington Railway Workshops. A small change was made in 1947 to provide better access to an area of new State housing off Wharenui Road.
Initially, Wharenui was a standalone route that started from Gloucester Street until such time as it could be accommodated in Cathedral Square. From October 1955 it was linked with the Wainoni route and then from 4 September 1967 with the Burwood route.
Though Riccarton Road was part of the route, the first stop for outbound services and the last stop for inbound services were in Picton Avenue meaning there was no connection with the Riccarton tramline. This issue became moot on 1 August 1960 when a route alteration diverted Wharenui buses down Deans Avenue and Blenheim Road before rejoining the old route. There were many changes to the route over the next three decades including extensions that took it well beyond Wharenui. New destinations included Curletts Road and Springs Road and after the route ended up connecting with Hornby Mall in the 1980s it was combined with existing Templeton, Lincoln, and Southbridge routes.
26 Huntsbury.
Opened: 13 May 1946 (diesel bus)
Services to Huntsbury commenced on 13 May 1946 departing from Cathedral Square and terminating in Huntsbury Avenue. The hill section of the route included two sharp turns that the Ford V8 buses used on the route had difficulty in negotiating.
Light loadings on this route only justified the provision of three commuter and a few casual traveller return services per weekday. An evening service was not added to the timetable until April 1949, and another five years before a Friday night service for shoppers was included.
Numerous route changes were made as alterations to the nearby St. Martins and Beckenham routes necessitated modifications to ensure the best coverage for residents in the area. In the year from August 1957 eight trips were added to the timetable but all were eliminated in September 1958.
Similarity between the Huntsbury and St. Martins routes led to the Huntsbury route becoming part of the St. Martins service on 17 December 1984. Two new route numbers were created: route 12E terminating on Centaurus Road at Vernon Terrace, and route 12F which was an extension of the 12E route by running back down Centaurus Road to Ramahana Road to join the old Huntsbury route.
27 Beckenham.
Opened: 12 July 1948 (diesel bus)
The Beckenham service from Cathedral Square to its terminus at the south end of Birdwood Avenue commenced on 12 July 1948 as a weekday-only service to cater for those not served by either the Cashmere or St. Martins routes. It was linked with the Creyke Road route.
Route alterations included a switch from Carlyle Street to Byron Street after the Waltham Road railway over bridge was built; a change in the route used by off-peak services on 16 September 1957 to follow part of the St. Martins route before rejoining the Beckenham route at Norwood Street; and a change on 26 September 1958 to the start of the route to make it run through Sydenham.
Residential development in the Bowenvale Valley from the mid-1970s resulted in an extension to the Beckenham route over the bridge at the bottom of Bowenvale Avenue and including Landsdowne Terrace and Wedgewood Avenue. Weight restrictions on the bridge meant that only the Board's "Short" Reliance buses could be used and three were retained for this purpose after others in the class had been disposed of. Following the withdrawal of the remaining "Short" Reliance buses in 1981, permission was obtained to use "New" Reliance vehicles with seated passengers only. Strengthening work carried out on the bridge in 1986 enabled the restrictions to be rescinded.
When the link with the Creyke Road service was removed, the Beckenham route was linked for a short time with an Avonside service before being combined with the Bromley service in the 1980s.
28 Lyttelton.
Opened: 28 February 1964 (diesel bus)
Prior to its regular Lyttelton services, the Board ran tourist services over the Port Hills via Sumner. In 1950, it also provided special services to transport people to Lyttelton for the Canterbury Centennial celebrations that included a re-enactment of the arrival of the first settlers. Buses were required to augment the capacity of the trains that were also used to bring revellers to the festivities.
The Lyttelton road tunnel was opened on 27 February 1964 and the Board's buses were used to convey visitors to the official ceremony. Timetabled services began the following day.
The more direct route of the bus service from Cathedral Square along High Street and Ferry Road proved too popular for the Railways Department's Lyttelton passenger service to compete, leading to the cancellation of these trains in 1972. This enabled the Board to have its license for the Lyttelton route changed to follow a path more closely aligned to the rail line and to serve areas near the railway stations. The similarity of the new Lyttelton route to the existing Opawa route was such that the two routes were eventually combined.
In Lyttelton, buses were always run around the block of Dublin, London, and Oxford Streets to Norwich Quay to avoid the need to reverse buses on Lyttelton's steep streets. Some buses connected with the Diamond Harbour ferry at the jetty.
Tolls were payable by all vehicles using the road tunnel, including the Board's buses, and this cost was passed on to passengers. Drivers handed over pre-paid tickets at the tollbooth to use the tunnel and passengers were issued with a separate ticket on purchase of a fare for a Lyttelton bus to cover the toll. This extra charge had been incorporated into the regular fares by June 1965 and the toll tickets were thereafter only used with special tickets.
After the commencement of the Board's Airport service in 1976, the Lyttelton and Airport routes were linked to form a combined service. The Board acquired the Governors Bay service from Railways Road Services in November 1982. In keeping with the existing Lyttelton service, it became a commuter service with a once-a-week extra service for casual travellers.
29 Parklands.
The Parklands service was created to cater for travellers to Christchurch's northeastern suburbs following a redesign of the bus route network in 1984. It replaced services that previously terminated in, or passed through, Wainoni.
30 & 31 Seaside Specials.
Opened: 22 December 1984 (diesel bus)
New Brighton used to attract people from across the city on Saturdays to take advantage of the fact that it was the only place in Christchurch where shops traded in the weekend. To cater for the demand, two services were run on Saturdays in addition to the regular Brighton service: route 30, bringing in people from the suburbs of Bishopdale, Papanui, St. Albans, Mairehau, Shirley, Burwood, and North Beach, and route 31, for people from Spreydon, Sydenham, St. Martins, Linwood, Wainoni, and Bexley.
As weekend trading was extended, and later included Sunday trading, Brighton lost its appeal as a shopping destination and the services were discontinued.
Vehicles.
Trams.
The rolling stock available to the Board at the commencement of its services in June 1905 consisted of both electric trams it had commissioned and vehicles acquired from the private tramway companies that had previously served Christchurch. In keeping with its desire to modernise the tramway, the Board had taken delivery of 27 electric tramcars constructed by John Stephenson and Company, New York (22) and Boon and Company, Christchurch (5). Also added to the fleet were 7 Kitson steam trams and 42 trailers from the Christchurch Tramway Company, and 22 trailers from both the New Brighton Tramway Company and the City and Suburban Tramway Company when the sale of the assets of these companies to the Board was finalised.
Horse trams, a legacy of the old private tramway companies, were phased out as soon as they could be replaced by steam or electric traction. The steam trams continued in service for many decades, initially to continue services while installation of electrical infrastructure was still underway, but eventually relegated to non-revenue operations and providing additional capacity at times of heavy loadings.
The trams supplied by John Stephenson and Company were the first and last trams to be imported by the Board. Thereafter all trams and trailers were manufactured in Christchurch, two of which were made by the Board itself and the remainder supplied by Boon and Company. Over the life of the tramway, Boon constructed 69 electric trams and 44 trailers for use in Christchurch including custom models such as the "Hills" cars for use on the Cashmere line.
Buses.
The manner in which buses were added to the Board's fleet in its early years typically involved the purchase of a chassis and running gear from a supplier, agent, or manufacturer followed by assembly and construction of a body either in its own workshops or at a local firm. Several were also acquired in operational condition from private operators following the "bus wars" of the mid-1920s.
By the 1930s, the Board had become dissatisfied with petrol buses and, after investigating a new "trackless tram" technology from Britain, decided to use trolley buses to replace trams on the North Beach tramline. English Electric won the contract to supply the buses for the first route, but after evaluating a Ransomes trolley bus, the Board decided to go with Ransomes when purchasing trolley buses for the second route. They proved to be popular with the public and resulted in operational cost savings over the trams, giving the Board little desire to ever rely on petrol buses again.
Diesel technology had matured to a point where, in the mid-1930s, the Board was able to purchase diesel buses to replace trams on several of its least lucrative tramlines. Though plans were made to introduce them on other routes, the arrival of World War 2 made them difficult to obtain. Still needing to increase capacity and retire older vehicles in the fleet, the Board had to turn back to petrol buses and reluctantly ended up with one of the largest fleets of Ford V8 buses in the country.
After the war, the Board wasted little time in modernising its fleet with diesel buses as they became available. They were used to replace all remaining tram services by years end 1954, and replace the trolley buses in 1956, as well as enabling the creation of new routes. The fleet became all-diesel in the 1960s and thereafter underwent occasional fleet upgrades, culminating in the Board's last purchase of M.A.N. buses in the mid-1980s.
A.E.C..
A.E.C. buses first joined the Board's fleet as a result of the "bus wars" of the mid-1920s when they purchased two A.E.C. petrol-powered buses from private operators Dixon and Munnerley. The first of these buses was sold in 1931 to the Waimakariri River Trust. The second bus, after being dismantled, was sold in 1935 with both the body and chassis going to separate new owners.
When it came time to consider further tramline closures in the mid-1930s, the Board decided to go with A.E.C. diesel buses as they felt the technology had matured to the point where they were a reliable option. Though the trolley buses introduced only a few years earlier had performed well and found favour with passengers, their dependence on fixed infrastructure did not suit the Board's preference for operational flexibility. The first order for ten chassis was placed with A.E.C. in 1935–1936.
Once the Regal Mark IVs had been used to retire the last of the trams, the Board sought to acquire additional diesel buses to replace its first generation diesel buses from the 1930s, the trolley bus fleet, and the Ford V8s. They settled on the A.E.C. Reliance, of which three different models were purchased: the "short", "long", and "new" Reliances.
"Q".
The Board's fleet of A.E.C. "Q"s was delivered in two stages. The first batch were assembled in the Board's workshops from four chassis of the initial order with A.E.C. and finished with wooden framing and aluminium panelling. They commenced their duties as nos. 225–228 on 2 November 1936, followed two years later by the second batch of two "Q"s, numbered 235–236, on 1 May 1938.
These diesel buses were the first to feature a new livery consisting of cream with a red band around the bottom half and Tramway Board decals on the side. This was a departure from the Board's traditional use of white and green on its trams.
Nos. 225 and 226 were sold in 1960 to Transport Units and Trailers. The other four "Q"s were still on the Board's fleet register in March 1963. The Tramway Historical Society acquired the remains of "Q"s nos. 225, 227, and 228 and plans to restore no. 228 to working order.
Regal.
The other six chassis from the initial order placed with A.E.C. were for Regal-class buses, which, as with the "Q"s, were also assembled in the Board's workshops with wooden framing and aluminium panelling. The design of the Regals was in the half-cab style, in which the driver was isolated from the passengers in a small compartment to the right of the centrally mounted engine at the front of the vehicle. This first batch of Regals commenced their duties on 2 November 1936 as numbers 229–234.
A second batch of six Regals was ordered in 1940 and entered service as numbers 237–242. Satisfied with the performance of the diesels now in its fleet, the Board attempted to order an additional 13 Regal chassis with which it intended to construct buses for the replacement of tram services to Fendalton and Opawa. The order was never completed, as the vehicles could not be supplied after the commencement of World War 2.
As with the "Q"s, the Regals started out life in the new cream and red livery, though some were later repainted in the revised livery of red with the new logo on the sides.
Collins Brothers of Kurow purchased nos. 238, 240, and 242 between 1958 and 1960 for use as staff transport on public works projects. Numbers 229 and 232 also became staff transport, for contractors Wilkins and Davies, and Otago Motors purchased no. 233. Five of the Regals were still in the Board's possession as at March 1963. The Tramway Historical Society later acquired both 233 and 240, and intends to restore no. 240 to working order.
Regal Mark IV.
In what was to become the biggest addition to the Board's fleet thus far, they decided in the early 1950s to order A.E.C. Regal Mark IV buses. The first batch of 72 vehicles arrived in 1952, having been manufactured by Crossley (numbers 290–328) and Park Royal (numbers 329–361). Another 23 buses arrived in 1954, also from Park Royal, and entered service as numbers 362–384. Concerns were raised about the buses being assembled in England rather than supporting local manufacturers, but the Board considered its decision justified in light of its need for vehicles to replace trams that were being withdrawn from service at about the same time.
All Mark IVs were delivered in a new livery, consisting of red with cream around the windows. As the Board's name had changed in 1951 to the Christchurch Transport Board, the old Tramway Board crest was dropped and in its place the buses featured a new Transport Board logo on their sides.
After serving the Board for a quarter of a century, the buses were withdrawn from the 1970s, starting with no. 343 that was scrapped after being involved in an accident on 2 September 1974, and later, nos. 305 and 367, which were sold in March 1975. From October 1978 the remaining Mark IVs were disposed of, with the final 12 in the Board's possession last being listed in the fleet register on 31 March 1981. A special last service for the Mark IVs was run on 29 July 1981 using class leader no. 290.
As second hand vehicles, the Mark IVs found little favour with other operators, only ten of which ended up with new transport service providers. New private owners repurposed a few, but most were scrapped. No. 290 was loaned to the Tramway Historical Society from 1978, an arrangement that was made permanent when it was given to the society in 1989.
short Reliance.
The first batch of 17 "short" Reliances were assembled by Park Royal, England and introduced as nos. 385–401 in 1956–1957 to replace trolley buses on both of the electrified routes. A second batch of 20 "short" Reliances was delivered in 1958 as part of an order for 30 vehicles from Park Royal. They entered service as nos. 402–421.
Most of the "short" Reliances were sold on to other operators around the country when retired by the Board between 1975 and 1981. Nos. 385–386, 388–389, 393, 397, and 399 went to Nelson Suburban Bus Lines; nos. 403–405, 407–409, and 412 went to Ritchies; and nos. 390, 392, 395, 398, and 401 went to Waitaki Transport. There were several other sales in small lots to other smaller operators.
The last "short" Reliances in service to the Board were nos. 415, 417, and 418, which were used on the City Clipper service from 1975 to June 1981, when the service was withdrawn. These buses were then sold to Newmans for use as staff transport at Marsden Point.
Number 410 ended up with Wyldes Motors, Runanga who, in 1991, gave it to the Tramway Historical Society in working order.
long Reliance.
Ten "long" Reliance buses were delivered in 1958 as part of a 30-vehicle order that also included 20 "short" Reliances. They entered service as nos. 422–431.
They primarily served on the Dallington and Bryndwr routes as it was found that their lighter steering was advantageous on the narrow roads and corners typical of these routes. The arrival of these buses gave the Board the capacity it needed to be able to dispose of the last of the petrol buses in its fleet, making the whole fleet diesel only.
When retired, no. 426 was sold to Timaru City Council and no. 430 to Southey, Northland. The last of these buses was gone by 1982.
new Reliance.
In 1963 the Board decided to acquire more Reliance buses, for which it purchased 24 of the same ten-metre chassis used in the earlier "long" Reliance fleet. New Zealand Motor Bodies was commissioned to assemble the vehicles, which commenced their duties as nos. 432–455 from September 1963. They became known as the "new" Reliances, the last of which was delivered in 1964.
Initially, they were assigned to the Fendalton/Opawa route. In 1966, they were moved on to the Papanui/Cashmere route, as originally intended, as their lighter construction made them more appropriate for the hill section than the Mark IVs they replaced.
Twenty-two of the "new" Reliance fleet received new motors as they were overhauled after the Board took delivery of 25 new engines in 1979. The original motors had proved to be unreliable, experiencing a high rate of failure in the head gasket.
Unlike the other Reliances, the "new" Reliances ended their days with the Board in the new red-and-white livery, which first made an appearance on the Bristol "Hess" buses, rather than the original in-service all-red livery.
Ten of the "new" Reliances were sold to Charlie Dobson for use on a school contract. Eleven of the fleet were still in service at the time of deregulation in 1989, and were sold the following year to a private operator. Also in 1989, the Board gave no. 452 in working order to the Tramway Historical Society.
Swift.
New Zealand Motor Bodies assembled the first Swift, no. 456, for the agents to use as a demonstration. It was purchased by the Board and entered service in 1973. Board general manager Fardell had hoped to purchase additional Swifts but was unable to obtain approval to do so. The local agent, in anticipation of further business with the Board, had imported a further two chassis, but these ended up in storage when not purchased. When the Board finally purchased them in 1977, they were assembled by Hawke Brothers and commenced their duties as nos. 457 and 458, with the same internal configuration as no. 456.
In service, they were beset by a litany of problems that made them unpopular with both the Board and its drivers. The engine and transmission in no. 456 had to be replaced, and there was an on-going problem with the fuel supply that made them unsuitable for use on the hills. Also, the rear-engine nature of this vehicle caused problems with weight distribution, which was resolved by changing the seating configuration to 35 seated, 34 standing.
After the latter two buses were added to the fleet they were mostly used on the Airport route. Though they offered good ride quality, the limited seating provision made them unpopular with passengers at peak times.
The increasing unreliability of the engines led to the withdrawal of the Swifts, the last of which, no. 458, was retired from the Bromley, North Beach, and Bowenvale routes in 1989. No. 456 eventually ended up in Edgecumbe with a private owner, while no. 458 was converted for use as a pie cart in Latimer Square before being transferred to the West Coast.
Bristol.
RELL6L.
Bristols were the first new buses to be added to the Board's fleet as part of its fleet upgrade programme commenced in the mid-1970s. They had hoped to purchase the RELL6G with the Gardner engine, but when informed that they were not available, opted to go with the RELL6L (Rear Engine, Long, Low, 6 cylinder, Leyland 510 engine) instead.
The first batch of 25 vehicles came with kitset bodies designed by Eastern Coachworks, England, and were assembled by Hawke Brothers, Auckland. Originally numbered 457–481, nos. 457–458 later became 475–476 when the former numbers were allocated to two of the Swifts, leaving the Bristols numbered 459–483. They commenced their duties between 1974 and 1975.
After experiencing problems with the English motor bodies, the Board decided to purchase only the chassis when ordering the next batch of 29 vehicles. Once landed in New Zealand, the bodies were constructed and fitted to the chassis by Hawke Brothers, giving them the same outward appearance as the earlier ECW-designed buses. Numbered 484–512, these vehicles commenced their duties between 1977 and 1978.
The new C.T.B. logo first made an appearance on the Bristol buses, which were also the last of the fleet to feature the all-red livery first seen on the Mark IVs. A select few buses from the second batch had fold-down seats to provide additional space for luggage on the Airport service.
These buses remained in service to the Board until deregulation, after which they were "retired" by the Christchurch City Council in an attempt to hinder the operations of companies competing with its Christchurch Transport Limited, the successor to the Board. When this failed, the Council was eventually able to dispose of the buses to other operators around the country. Two of these vehicles were given to the Tramway Historical Society in working order: no. 480 (Mark I), and no. 510 (Mark II) in 1990.
Hess.
The next round of bus acquisitions for the fleet modernisation programme consisted of Bristol RELL6L chassis and motor bodies licensed from Carrosserie Hess A.G., Switzerland. Once arrived in New Zealand, all of the chassis were assembled in Nelson. Next, they were fitted with small fibreglass cabs and driven by Transport Board staff to New Zealand Motor Bodies factories in Christchurch, and later Palmerston North, where the bodies were constructed. Nos. 513–578 were assembled in Christchurch up to 1980 when that factory closed, after which nos. 580–599 were assembled in Palmerston North. No. 579 was framed in Christchurch and finished in Palmerston North. The remainder of the "Hess" buses, nos. 600–608, were also assembled in Christchurch before the factory closed, but received a different fitout from the other buses for their duties on charter work.
The Board's last livery change, red with a white, central horizontal stripe, first made an appearance on the "Hess" buses. This livery was also applied to some other buses when they received major overhauls. These buses also featured triple-digit route number displays beside the destination sign at the front, as well as a destination sign at the side next to the front door.
As with the earlier batches of Bristols, the Board had been keen to avoid the Leyland engine, so after a favourable evaluation from a 1987–1988 trial, all of the buses assembled in Palmerston North were refitted with M.A.N. engines.
After deregulation drastically cut the number of routes Christchurch Transport was responsible for, the "Hess" buses were relegated to providing additional capacity at peak times, as the M.A.N. buses were sufficient for regular duties. When these buses were no longer required, the Council was eventually able to sell them to other operators around the country. They gave no. 538 in working order to the Tramway Historical Society in 1990.
Ford V8.
After successfully introducing diesel buses to its operation in the mid-1930s, the Board had hoped to phase out its older petrol-powered vehicles and focus on diesels, both for new routes and as required to replace trams. With the onset of World War 2, the supply of diesel-powered vehicles dried up and the only option for augmenting the fleet was the Fords, which eventually numbered 41 in service to the Board.
"Square".
The Board's first order for Ford V8 chassis from Canada was for 20 units, of which it took delivery of 10 and then sold 3 to Dunedin City Tramway. The seven remaining chassis were completed with wooden framed, aluminium-panelled motor bodies as follows: nos. 243–244 at Modern Motor Bodies, Christchurch; nos. 245–246 at Crawley Ridley, Wellington; nos. 247–249 were started by the Board but finished by Modern Motor Bodies. Because of their chiselled appearance, they became known as the "Square" Fords.
After entering service between 1942 and 1945, these vehicles made an appearance on a variety of routes: Templeton (no. 243); Avonside (no. 244); Mount Pleasant (no. 245); and the Farmers Free Bus (no. 247). Number 248 was occasionally used for relief duties on the Pleasant Point service.
Numbers 244 and 246 ended their days with the Board, once withdrawn from revenue service in September 1954, as shuttles for staff bicycles between the central city terminus and the Moorhouse Avenue depot, until sold in 1958.
"Cream".
As production of the Board's preferred vehicles after the war was focussed on war recovery efforts, they decided to order an additional 20 Ford V8s after being offered 10 by New Zealand Motor Bodies in June 1945. These vehicles were manufactured in Petone to a New Zealand Motor Bodies design using steel framing and panelling, and commenced duties in 1946 as numbers 250–269. Though they were painted in the same cream and red colours used on earlier Transport Board vehicles, the livery of all-over cream with a red band on the sides along the bottom earned them the nickname "Cream" Fords.
When nos. 244 and 246 were retired from their duties as bicycle shuttles, the job was taken over by nos. 251 and 254 until 1969 when the Ferry Road depot was opened, eliminating the need to transport bicycles.
Number 270.
After determining the suitability of the Ford V8s for its Sanatorium service, the Board purchased a Ford V8 chassis and commissioned Johnson and Smith to construct a body for it. Their unique (to the Board's fleet) design, using wooden framing and aluminium panels, featured a short front hood and a seating capacity of 25.
In addition to the Sanitoria service, it was also assigned to the Huntsbury route, and was later used for driver training before being retired from service in 1955.
"Red".
The last batch of 13 Ford V8s to be added to the Board's fleet were assembled in the Board's own workshops and commenced their duties from 1947 to 1950, numbered 271–283. With wooden framing and aluminium bodywork, their outline was similar to that of the previous batch of Fords. Painted in a style more reminiscent of the livery used on earlier Board vehicles, they became known as the "Red" Fords.
Service.
The Fords proved useful for the post-war expansion of the Board's route network, and in replacing trams as they were retired.
Besides their suburban duties, they were also popular for charter work, including staff social functions. Midland Motorways and Days Motors occasionally hired them to cover their regular services if their own buses were out on other work, and the Railways Department used them for relief services to replace trains when they were non-operational.
Disposition.
The United States Air Force hired nos. 243, 248, and 274 for use as staff transport for Operation Deep Freeze in 1958. They hired a range of buses from the Board each summer for many years until eventually purchasing their own vehicles.
The North Canterbury Catchment Board hired no. 243 in July 1959, after which it was sold in November, along with nos. 248 and 274 in June.
Throughout the mid-to-late 1950s, Nelson Suburban Bus Lines purchased the largest number of the Board's Fords, including nos. 245, 247, and 270 (1955); nos. 253, 255–259, 261, 264, and 266–268 (1957–1958); and nos. 273 and 275–278 (1955–1958). The remaining Fords were sold over the same time frame to a variety of private operators. No. 263 ended up with the Timaru Harbour Board, and was later acquired by the Tramway Historical Society around 1990.
Garford.
A Garford bus was purchased from New Zealand Farmers Co-op in June 1920 with the intention that it would replace the Walker electric bus on the Templeton service. Fitted with weather blinds and solid rubber tyres, its ride quality was no more improved than that of the vehicle it replaced.
When a Leyland bus was assigned to the Templeton route in 1923, the Garford was put on stand-by for relief duties. Later that year, it was used on a short-lived trial service to Pleasant Point.
A report in August 1925 on the performance of the Board's bus fleet mentioned that the Garford had a fuel efficiency of 5.72 miles per gallon. In 1927, the vehicle was scrapped: the body was sold and the chassis was repurposed.
Leyland.
When private operator W. C. Sanders sold his business to the Board following the enactment of the "Motor Omnibus Traffic Act" in 1926, his two Leyland buses were added to the fleet. One of these vehicles was already suitably configured for use as an omnibus and was put to work in place of the Board's older 1923 Leyland. It only remained in revenue service a short time before being converted into a tower truck for maintenance of the trolley bus overhead electrical infrastructure. Sanders' second Leyland, which he was using for his sightseeing tours, was converted into a tip-truck for maintenance of the permanent way along with the Board's older Leyland.
Tigress.
In 1928 the Board sought to add more buses to its fleet to handle an increasing workload. They requested tenders for the supply of chassis and after rejecting several bids decided on two options, including a Leyland Tigress. The Tigress consisted of a six-cylinder engine on a Leyland Lioness chassis, and was the only vehicle of its type in the country. Local company Johnson and Smith constructed a 29-seat capacity body on the chassis. After some initial problems, it served the Board well.
In 1942 the bus was sold to Hobbs Motors of Dunedin.
Tiger.
As diesel buses became available again after the restrictions on their supply following World War 2 eased, the Board decided to go with the Leyland Tiger and purchased six chassis in 1950. McWhinnie completed the first bus, numbered 284, and the remaining vehicles had their bodies constructed by New Zealand Motor Bodies. In all cases, the buses had the half-cab style front end with a 37-seat capacity. Though capable of displaying destination signs, they were not fitted to show route numbers.
They were unpopular with the drivers for a variety of reasons, including: the synchromesh gearboxes required a lot more work to operate compared to the pre-selector gearboxes in the older buses; the separation of the driver's cab from the passenger compartment made visibility and fare collection difficult; and it was often necessary to exit the vehicle many times per shift using a small side door into the path of oncoming traffic to perform routine tasks. However, compared to the Ford V8s, they were more powerful, had better brakes, and were more reliable.
When replaced by the Regal Mark IV buses later that decade on suburban routes, they were assigned to sightseeing and charter duties and later used on tours.
No. 284 was eventually sold to M. L. Paynter Limited, a building contractor, for use as staff transport. Nos. 285–289 were sold in 1964 to Nelson Suburban Bus Lines. The Tramway Historical Society acquired no. 284 in 1978 from Paynter and it is currently in storage awaiting restoration.
Lion.
The Leyland Lion was out-shopped from Hawke Brothers, who had built the body, in 1978. It was designed to accommodate both seated and standing passengers and was fitted out for the Airport service, to which it was initially assigned.
Three years later it was assigned to the Board's "Be Mobile" service for which it was modified, including the installation of a wheelchair hoist in place of the rear exit. In 1983 it was relieved of these duties and resumed its former role in suburban revenue service.
Cub.
Two Leyland Cubs were purchased in 1984 for the price of one standard-sized bus to provide much needed additional capacity. They, like the Lion before them, were designed to accommodate both seated and standing passengers and were assembled by Modern Motor Bodies Limited. They were evaluated to find the most suitable duties for them, and were found to be most useful on routes where the operation of a full-sized bus was difficult or only light loadings were expected.
The design of the rear suspension made for poor ride quality and, as the Board discovered, made the vehicles liable to experience rear wheel spin. This resulted in an accident in May 1986 when the driver of Cub no. 611 lost control and the vehicle crashed into a tree, with four of the occupants ending up in hospital.
Though number 611 was repaired, both of the Cubs lost favour with the public and they were gradually phased out. When retired from service with the Board, no. 610 was sold to Hamilton City Buses and no. 611 went to Queenstown.
M.A.N..
The last buses to enter service with the Board, the M.A.N. SL202, were ordered in 1984. Coachwork International was commissioned to assemble the buses to M.A.N. designs, which were built at their Takanini, Auckland (nos. 612–649) and Palmerston North (nos. 650–669) sites. The Board took delivery of the first vehicle, no. 612, on 5 June 1986. After minor fitout changes and staff training, it commenced its duties with three others of the class on 1 August 1986.
Designline of Ashburton also supplied M.A.N. buses to the Board, including no. 670, built to the original German specification, and no. 671, a so-called "midi" bus with a 34-seat capacity. These were intended for suburban routes, while nos. 672–680, based on a three-axle chassis, were intended for use on rural and charter duties. All entered service in 1990 with the Board's successor, Christchurch Transport.
No. 670, while introducing a number of innovations that would later become standard, was not authorised to carry standing passengers, and thus lacked the necessary capacity for use on busy suburban routes. It was to have been deployed on a Rangiora service for which its generous luggage accommodation would be useful, but deregulation resulted in the license for the Rangiora service being awarded to another operator before no. 670 was delivered. Consequently, it was never used in revenue service, and was sold after being used for a series of demonstration trips.
Red Bus gave the class leader, no. 612, to the Tramway Historical Society in working order on 10 November 2010.
Minerva.
The first Minerva was built in 1928 on an imported chassis with a 29-seat capacity by local firm Johnson and Smith. A second Minerva was added to the fleet in 1931 after the Board was offered a chassis and engine for £750 following the failure of the local Minerva dealer. Johnson and Smith also won the contract for the second vehicle, and constructed a 30-seat capacity body on the chassis with several improvements over the first Minerva.
The first bus was sold in 1942 to Peninsula Motors, Dunedin and in May 1943 Nelson Suburban Bus Lines purchased the second bus.
Republic.
The first Republics to see service with the Board were three model 81s, built on chassis ordered in December 1925 from local supplier, Inglis Brothers. Two of these chassis were delivered later that month. Bodies for these vehicles were constructed in the Board's own workshops with capacity for 23 seats. Initial problems with regulations governing the use of omnibuses saw the maximum loading decreased to 21 seats, but after some modifications the 23-seat capacity was restored.
A fourth model 81 Republic was added to the fleet from private operator C. R. Brown after the Board acquired his business following the enactment of the "Motor Omnibus Traffic Act" in 1926.
After being involved in an accident in 1935, the first Republic was scrapped. The second was sold in 1931 to the Waimakariri River Trust and the remaining two were retired in 1937.
Tilling-Stevens.
The Board purchased two Tilling-Stevens chassis in early 1925, on which it built bodies with a 25-seat capacity. They entered service shortly thereafter but by November of that year serious maintenance issues were evident. In May 1926 they were retired from regular service with the Board and then used occasionally until October to fend off a private operator plying the Sumner route. The following month they were converted into tower trucks for the maintenance of overhead electrical infrastructure. The bodies were sold in 1931 and 1932.
Designed in their native England to operate in cities with a trolley bus network, the Tilling-Stevens buses employed an electric motor to provide motive power. The vehicles were fitted with trolley poles and where available, trolley overhead lines would be used to provide power to the electric motors. The vehicle could also operate away from a trolley network by using its petrol engine to run a generator that powered the electric motors.
Trolley buses.
English Electric.
Having decided to use trolley buses on the North Beach route, six chassis were ordered from English Electric through local agent Cory-Wright and Salmon in February 1930. Boon and Company won the contract to build the bodies for the six vehicles at £719 each. As with the body they had constructed for the Walker electric bus, their design for the trolley buses was influenced by their experience as tram builders, giving the vehicles a rather utilitarian appearance. They were the first vehicles in the Board's fleet to have three axles.
One of the biggest frustrations both drivers and passengers alike had with the design of these buses was the narrow front door which allowed for only one stream of people to use it at a time. Drivers had to wait for disembarking passengers to exit before waiting passengers could board and pay their fares. The buses were fitted with rear doors but they remained non-operational, a situation that was not remedied for most of the buses until after they were refurbished between 1948 and 1950.
Most of the vehicles were dismantled and sold to private individuals following the withdrawal of the trolley buses in 1956. Some parts such as the axles typically ended up in other vehicles, e.g. trailers, while the bodies were often used as small buildings, such as sheds. After a period of being used as holiday accommodation, no. 209 was donated to the Tramway Historical Society without its running gear and is currently in storage awaiting restoration. No. 210, obtained by the Tramway Historical Society from Transport North Canterbury in 1965, was restored around 1970.
Ransomes.
Though the English firm of Ransomes, Sims, and Jefferies had not been successful in its bid for the supply of vehicles for the first trolley bus service in Christchurch, they had build a vehicle of the type they had intended to supply to Christchurch and offered it to the Board to evaluate, free of charge, for a year. It arrived at Lyttelton, ready for use, on 21 April 1931 and was numbered 213.
It quickly proved to be a useful addition to the fleet. The first, and only, English Electric trolley bus in service at the time for the Shirley route, opened on 1 April 1931, had to be temporarily withdrawn after a month for upgrades to its bodywork, during which time no. 213 was able to provide relief cover. It was also used for experiments on the Cashmere Hills tram route to test performance on steep terrain. On the morning of 24 May 1931 and the afternoon of 1 June 1931 no. 213 was run along the Cashmere tramline to Dyers Pass Road with one pole on the overhead tram wire and towing a contact line attached to a skate on the tram rail. Though the Board was satisfied with the results, it ultimately decided against conversion of the Cashmere tram route to trolley bus operation.
At the conclusion of the trial of no. 213, the Board decided to purchase the vehicle. When trams were withdrawn from the remainder of the North Beach tramline in 1934, it was decided that that route also would be converted to trolley bus operation, for which it was decided to go with an additional four Ransomes trolley buses. Ransomes supplied the chassis and running gear and the bodies were constructed in the Board's own workshops to a slightly different design than that of no. 213.
The newer Ransomes buses, nos. 214–217, were typically used on the Marshland Road via Richmond route while no. 213 continued to be used on the North Beach route with the English Electrics. To this end, they had separate lanes at the central city depot so the appropriate vehicles were always available.
Most of the vehicles were dismantled and sold to private individuals following the withdrawal of the trolley buses in 1956. After a period of being used as holiday accommodation, no. 216 was donated to the Tramway Historical Society without its running gear and is currently in storage awaiting restoration.
Walker.
The Board purchased its first bus, a battery-electric Walker vehicle, in 1918. Importer A. R. Harris supplied the chassis, and local firm Boon and Company constructed the body. They chose a design reminiscent of a tramcar, which gave the vehicle an appearance that saw it nicknamed "Beetle".
The "Beetle" bus commenced service on 3 June 1918 but was never popular with the travelling public. The entrance to the vehicle was by way of narrow, steep steps, making ingress and egress difficult; the bus was initially fitted with weather blinds rather than windows, which offered little protection from the elements; solid rubber tyres on rough roads made for poor ride quality; and despite frequent recharging, it occasionally failed to complete a shift without running out of power.
It was initially put to work on the Templeton route, running a shuttle from the end of the Riccarton tramline to the terminus via Hornby and Islington, until being taken out of service in June 1920. Its next assignment was to run an afternoon shuttle service, starting on 2 October 1920, between the Brighton tramline at Linwood Avenue and the Bromley Cemetery during weekends. This proved to be its last public service, ending on 1 January 1922, after which it was dismantled. The body was later lengthened and mounted on another chassis while the Walker chassis was cut up for parts.
Cultural references.
A.E.C. Regal Mark IV no. 290, formerly in service with the Transport Board, was used in the filming of scenes for the movie "Heavenly Creatures" in 1993.
A Transport Board bus appears in a scene from episode 2 of the children's television serial "The Games Affair", based around the 1974 Commonwealth Games.
External links.
N.B. There were numerous amendment acts to the Board's founding legislation in addition to the principal acts listed above.

</doc>
<doc id="36761126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761126" title="Pariyangadu">
Pariyangadu

Pariyangadu is a village near Anchachavadi in Kalikavu Panchayat, Nilambur taluk in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala. 
Location.
The nearest airport is Calicut International Airport (61 km) and the nearest railway station is Vaniyambalam Railway Station. 
Anchachavadi PO,
Kalikavu, 676 525 PIN
Malappuram

</doc>
<doc id="36761138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761138" title="Antonio Azarola y Gresillón">
Antonio Azarola y Gresillón

Antonio Azarola y Gresillón (1874 – 1936) was a Spanish Navy officer, rear admiral of the Spanish Republican Navy. He was executed by firing squad on 4 August 1936 at the Ferrol Naval Base in Galicia, NW Spain, by rebel Navy officers for refusing to join the pro-fascist coup of July 1936 against the Spanish Republic that triggered the Spanish Civil War.
Antonio Azarola had been the Minister of Defence of Spain between 30 December 1935 and 19 February 1936, during Manuel Portela Valladares tenure.
Biography.
Antonio Azarola was born in Tafalla, Navarre in 1874. He belonged to a family of illustrious Spanish military men, part of which had emigrated to Uruguay. Along his early military career Azarola was named twice the adjutant of vice admiral Ricardo Fernández Gutiérrez de Celis, whose daughter, Carmen Fernández García-Zúñiga, he married. Azarola was a man of deep Christian convictions.
Azarola was second in command of the Ferrol Naval Base, the most important Spanish Navy base in northern Spain, since November 1934. He was also the commander of the Naval Arsenal.
Azarola was named undersecretary of the Naval Ministry of the Spanish Republic, , the bureaucratic body that governed the naval and merchant marine forces of Spain. He rose later to minister under the cabinet presided by Manuel Portela Valladares between 30 December 1935 and 19 February 1936, the last cabinet before the 1936 elections. What would be the last Naval Plan of the Spanish Republic was drawn up towards the end of his tenure in January 1936, before the Civil War. The plan envisaged the construction of two destroyers and two gunboats, as well as other minor vessels.
In the crucial hours that followed General Franco's coup of July 1936, Azarola made a conscious decision to remain loyal to the Spanish Republic. When the rebel leaders at Ferrol invited Azarola to join the rebellion he declared that his Christian principles were paramount. He admonished the rebel military officers, reminding them that their rebellion was tantamount to high treason, for they had made an oath of allegiance to the legally established government of Spain.
Along with Captain Juan Sandalio Sánchez Ferragut, commander of Cruiser "Almirante Cervera", and Lieutenant Luis Sánchez Pinzón, Azarola was one of the few top naval officers who stood steadfastly loyal to the Spanish Republic at the time of the Francoist rebellion at the Ferrol Naval base. Baffled by the situation that he could only define as an act of treason Rear Admiral Azarola also refused to open the doors of the Arsenal in order to arm the trade unions and leftist political parties, a measure which could have saved his life and could have spelled doom for the rebellion in that region. Finally he was arrested by the brothers Francisco and Salvador Moreno Fernández, navy officers who were lower in rank and who would be later praised as heroes by General Franco during his dictatorship. The "Et tu, Brute?" style words ""Usted también, don Francisco"" (meaning "You too don Francisco") spoken by Rear Admiral Azarola at the moment of his arrest to Francisco Moreno, a former close friend of his and later admiral of the rebel fleet, have become famous.
Azarola was executed by firing squad at 6 am on 4 August against the inner wall of the Cuartel de Dolores barracks. His body was later buried at the Villagarcía de Arosa graveyard. He was survived by his son Antonio Azarola Fernández de Celis.
Decades later Rear Admiral Azarola was included in the list of the victims of Francoism () made by Spanish Judge Baltasar Garzón.

</doc>
<doc id="36761149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761149" title="Nokia Asha 306">
Nokia Asha 306

The Nokia Asha 306 is a "Full Touch" phone powered by Nokia's Series 40 operating system. It was announced at Bangkok by Nokia along with two others Asha Full Touch phones - the Nokia Asha 305 and 311. The 306 is considered to be the little brother of Asha 311 as it lacks 3G and capacitive touch screen. Its main features are the Full Touch resistive touchscreen and WLAN.
History and availability.
The Nokia Asha 306 was announced at Bangkok by Nokia. It will be available 3Q in 2012 Globally. The phone will be sold at a price of €68 subject to taxes and subsidies.
Hardware.
Screen and input.
The Nokia Asha 306 has a 3.0-inch resistive touchscreen (multi point) with a resolution of 240 x 400 pixel (WQVGA). According to Nokia it is capable of displaying up to 65 thousand colors.
The back camera has an extended depth of field feature (no mechanical zoom), no flash and has a 4× digital zoom for both video and camera. The sensor size of the back camera is 2-megapixel, has a f/2.8 aperture and a 50 cm to infinity focus range. It is capable of video recording at up to 176 x 144 px at 10 fps with mono sound.
Buttons.
On the front of the device, there are the answer/call key. On the right side of the device there are the volume rocker and the lock/unlock button.
Battery and SIM.
The battery life of the BL-4U (1110 mAh) as claimed by Nokia is 14 hours of talk time, from 600 hours of standby and 40 hours of music playback depending on actual usage.
The SIM card is located under the battery which can be accessed by removing the back panel of the device. No tool is necessary to remove the back panel.
Storage.
Additional storage is available via a hot swappable microSDHC card socket, which is certified to support up to 32 GB of additional storage.
Software.
The Nokia Asha 306 is powered by Nokia Series S40 Full Touch operating system and comes with a variety of applications:
The device comes with Nokia Maps for Series 40 and make use of cellular network for positioning as there is no GPS in the phone. Nokia Maps for Series 40 phones does not provide voice guided navigation and only allows for basic route (<10 km) to be plan. The software will provide step by step instructions, allows the user to see the route on a map and search for nearby points of interest. Depending on where the phone was purchased, regional maps (Europe, South America, etc.) are preloaded and, as such, an active internet connection to download map data is not required.

</doc>
<doc id="36761153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761153" title="Political history of New Zealand">
Political history of New Zealand

For the political history of New Zealand refer to:
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36761171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761171" title="Nokia Asha 305">
Nokia Asha 305

The Nokia Asha 305 is a "Full Touch" phone powered by Nokia's 
Series 40 operating system. It was announced at Bangkok by Nokia 
along with two other Asha Full Touch phones - the Nokia Asha 306 and 
311. Its main features are the Full Touch resistive touchscreen and 
dual SIM.
History and availability.
The Nokia Asha 305 was announced at Bangkok by Nokia, and the 
announcement offered global availability from 3Q of 2012. The phone's 
suggested price was €63 subject to taxes and subsidies.
Hardware.
Screen and input.
The Nokia Asha 305 has a 3.0-inch resistive touchscreen (multi point) 
with a resolution of 240 x 400 pixel (QVGA). According to Nokia it is 
capable of displaying up to 65 thousands colors.
The back camera has an extended depth of field feature (no mechanical 
zoom), no flash and has a 4× digital zoom for both video and camera. 
The sensor size of the back camera is 2-megapixel, has a f/2.8 aperture 
and a 50 cm to infinity focus range. It is capable of video 
recording at up to 176 x 144 px at 10 fps with mono sound.
Buttons.
On the front of the device, there are the answer/call keys, on the right side of the device there are the volume rocker and the lock/unlock button.
Battery and SIM.
The battery life of the BP-4U (1100 mAh) as claimed by Nokia is 14 hours of talk time, from 528 hours of standby and 40 hours of music playback 
depending on actual usage.
The main SIM card is located under the battery which can be accessed by removing the back panel of the device. No tool is necessary to remove the back panel. Second SIM card slot hot-swappable) is located in edge of the phone.
Storage.
Additional storage is available via a hot swappable microSDHC card 
socket, which is certified to support up to 32 GB of additional storage.
Software.
The Nokia Asha 305 is powered by Nokia Series 40 Full Touch operating system and comes with a variety of applications:
The device comes with Nokia Maps for Series 40 and make use of cellular network for positioning as there is no GPS in the phone. Nokia Maps for Series 40 phones does not provide voice guided navigation and only allows for basic route (<10 km) to be plan. The software will provide step by step instructions, allows the user to see the route on a map and search for nearby points of interest. Depending on where the phone was purchased, regional maps (Europe, South America, etc.) are preloaded and, as such, an active internet connection to download map data is not required.

</doc>
<doc id="36761176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761176" title="Poongode">
Poongode

Poongode is a small village in Kalikavu Panchayat, Nilambur taluk in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala.
Location.
The nearest airport is Calicut International Airport (61 km) and the nearest railway station is Vaniyambalam Railway Station. 
Poongode PO,
Vellayoor, 679 327
Malappuram

</doc>
<doc id="36761185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761185" title="Yalı Mosque">
Yalı Mosque

Yalı Mosque (Yalı Camii), also called Konak Mosque, is a Mosque in İzmir, Turkey. It is located on Konak Square in the heart of the city next to the Governor's Mansion and the İzmir Clock Tower. Despite its relatively small size, it is considered one of the landmarks of the city for its distinctive octagonal shape and elaborate tilework.
The Mosque was constructed in 1755 under the patronage of Ayşe Hanım, the wife of Katipzade Mehmet Paşa who governed İzmir at the time. The outer tiles were brought from Kütahya. It has a single dome and minaret and unusually for a mosque, only one entrance. The interior is lit by a chandelier by Ümran Baradan.

</doc>
<doc id="36761193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761193" title="Amappoyil">
Amappoyil

Amappoyil is a village in Kalikavu Panchayat, Nilambur taluk in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala. 
Location.
The nearest airport is Calicut International Airport (67 km) and the nearest railway station is Vaniyambalam Railway Station. 
Vellayoor PO,
Kalikavu, 679 327
Malappuram

</doc>
<doc id="36761194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761194" title="Stamen Angelov">
Stamen Angelov

Stamen Angelov (; born 1 June 1987) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Rakovski.

</doc>
<doc id="36761199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761199" title="Mumbai Tigers F.C.">
Mumbai Tigers F.C.

Mumbai Tigers Football Club is an Indian football club located in Mumbai, Maharashtra. The club were formed in May 2012 as "Dodsal Football Club" with the aim of becoming the biggest football club in India and one of the biggest in Asia.
History.
Towards the end of May 2012 it was announced that Indian owned company Dodsal Group wanted to start a football club in the city of Mumbai and name it Dodsal Football Club. The club registered with the Mumbai District Football Association and quickly outlined that their main goal would be to qualify for the I-League, which is India's top football competition, by 2013. The club is supposed to be run in the same way Manchester City F.C. of the Premier League is run, as company chairman Rajen Kilachand is in touch with City owner Sheikh Mansour.
On 18 August 2012 it was announced that Dodsal would play in the 2012 Durand Cup and thus their first ever professional tournament at the national stage. The club played their first ever official game on 25 August 2012 against Army Red at the Ambedkar Stadium in Delhi in which the club won the match 3–0 with Thoi Singh becoming the first player to ever score for the club in the 66th minute. The club then went on to the 2012 Durand Cup Final in which they lost 3–2 on penalties to then-current I-League club Air India FC.
Then in January 2013 it was officially announced that the club would participate in the 2013 I-League 2nd Division with the goal of winning and gaining promotion to the I-League and while doing so the club also changed their name to the Mumbai Tigers Football Club so they could potentially form a connection between them and the city of Mumbai. Tigers have got a direct entery in i-league after having bid for it
Stadium.
The club do not have an official stadium yet as the Mumbai Football League and the Durand Cup are played at neutral venues but the club has already set up a training ground at the Fr. Angel High School sports complex. The Sports Complex is well known for its artificial turf field. The Sports Complex is also known for its fitness gym and swimming pool.

</doc>
<doc id="36761212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761212" title="Vellayoor">
Vellayoor

Vellayoor () is a small village in Kalikavu Panchayat, Nilambur taluk in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala. 
Location.
The nearest airport is Calicut International Airport (68 km) and the nearest railway station is Vaniyambalam Railway Station. 
Vellayoor PO,
Tuvvur, 679 327
Malappuram

</doc>
<doc id="36761226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761226" title="Deewana Main Deewana">
Deewana Main Deewana

Deewana Main Deewana is a 2013 Bollywood romantic comedy film starring Govinda, Priyanka Chopra, Kader Khan, Prem Chopra, Johnny Lever and Shakti Kapoor directed by K. C. Bokadia. The film was released worldwide on February 1, 2013. This film was shot approximately ten years ago. The film is a Hindi remake of Tamil film Priyamudan directed by Vincent Selva.
Plot.
Basant (Govinda) is a guy who gets what he wants, sneakingly. He is friends with Vasant. At an antique shop, Basant and Vasant see an antique duck made of glass. Basant purposely drops to break it because he cannot afford it. One day, Basant sees Priya (Priyanka Chopra) and is head over heels in love with her. She proceeds to draw a smiley face on the glass frame. Basant tries to run after her but he spots her earring. Meanwhile Vasnat wants to enter a music competition but on the way their car hits a girl on a bike, which is Priya. She is in hospital and requires A1B blood. However Vasant is there (because the people who knocked her over took Vasant's car so he chased them) Vasant has the correct blood type and donates blood to save Priyas life. However this small event leads to the cancellation of the competition. Vasant is unaware the girl Basant boasts about is Priya the girl he knocked over. When Priya wants to contact Vasant to thank him for the blood donation, she unknowingly calls Basant but he doesn't know it is the girl he wants. The next day, Basant and Vasant along with Satya and Prakash await the call but a music group calls insisting that Vasant must present himself there. Just after Vasant leaves, Priya calls, but says that Vasant must meet her at the Railway Station to Jodhpur. She is wearing a blue cap, has a blue top and is carrying an English novel. A call follows, and there is a problem with the boys so Vasant has to leave. When Basant sees it is the girl he wants, he plays a pretext he is Vasant instead. Basant goes home and finds his friend smoking and thinking about his guru because he is in hospital. One day, Priya calls Basant's (Vasant's) house but his mother picks up the phone. Her stupid sister blatanly says an old woman and the mother thinks they are referring to her, Basant takes the phone and speaks expletives unaware it is Priya. Vasant (the real one) goes for a music job, he has a cassette and meets Uncle ~Shakti Kapoor). He calls Priya to help him out. The plot thickens, when, just before Vasant goes for the interview Basant tells him to change his name to Ranjini Priya for good luck and he meets Priya. Both are unaware that Priya sees the boy who saved her life and Vasant (Ranjini Priya) donates blood to a girl he didn't know because he never see her. At the movies, Basant (as Vasnant) goes with Priya but he sees the real Vasant (his real friend) talking to Priya. He oversees the conversation, gets angry and drops his ice creams. He says that he's not in the mood to watch the movie so they leave. Priya meets the guys at their home (Vasant's). Prakash calls Basant (who is Vasant to Priya) the boys find out Basant never told them about his girlfriend. One day Priya wants Basant (who is Vasant to her) to meet Ajit Singh, her father (Prem Chopra) but he lies and says he's father is ill. The reason is because, when Ajit was pleading to save his daughter, Vasant shows up and says he'll be indebted to him. Basant realizes he saw Vasant so when the father sees him he will know its not the guy who donated blood. At the airport, Priya and Ajit are waiting for the flight but secretly Basnat sees them. He purposely procrastinates to delay time and rejects her calls. But when Ajit leaves Basant acts as if he reached late. Outside a guy pushes Priya, Basant starts to beat him. Another day Basant calls Priya but he doesn't speak. He overhears Priya is going shopping. Basant calls after that and her father picks up. He says that he's in Hotel Heritage Room no. 448. But he return to Priyas house only to pretend if Uncle is there. But then a cop shows up and proclaims that Ajit is dead. Priya is heartbroken. Sharad Kuamr (Sharat Saxena) investigates the case. He says Ajit was murdered. Sharad immediately knows that Basant is the killer. This leads to the place where Ajit died. Meanwhile Vasant shows up at Priyas house (the real one) and wants to meet Priya to say thank you. Basant goes to the hospital and tears the page with Priya's name on it. Vasnat sees this and they start arguing. Both go to some rocky terrain to talk. Vasant realizes that Basant used his alias to win Priya's love. Basant gets angry and slaps Vasnat. He loses his footing but Basant catches him. But he loses his hand and Vasant cascades to his doom. At the house of Basant Sharad arrives and he realizes Vasant is Basant. Priya finds out too. She runs away. Basant chases after her and says its true 'I killed your father' and his friend but it wasn't his intention. Priya takes a log and attack Basant. Priya nails herself with the log. Cops show up and Sharad shoots Basant. The earring that Basant possessed falls. He says it is evidence of his love. Priya bursts into tears. Basant is sent to jail for 7 years.
Title & other changes.
The film was suggested to have a title change as "Pyar Jhukta Nahin" but it did not materialize. The film was signed by Priyanka Chopra when she was 20 year old and this is very much visible in the movie. Although some scenes were filmed again, it didn't help much overall. Due to ill health, Kader Khan's dialogues were dubbed.
Critical reception.
Times of India gave the film 2.5 out of 5 stars saying "Lack of newness is a spoiler. You go to the theater, preparing yourself to sit through an 'old' film and thus, in spite of it being decently entertaining, it fails to grip your attention."

</doc>
<doc id="36761234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761234" title="Giorgio Damilano">
Giorgio Damilano

Giorgio Damilano (born 6 April 1957 in Scarnafigi, Italy) is an Italian former race walker. 
He is the twin brother of Italian race walker legend Maurizio Damilano and brother of the coach Sandro Damilano.
Biography.
He was 11th at the 1980 Summer Olympics held in Moskow, Sovietic Union. He also won an National championships in 20 km walk (1979).
He is one of the coaches of the Saluzzo Race Walking School, created by the town of Saluzzo in 2002, the school is also the center for the diffusion of fitwalking and training center of international race walking.

</doc>
<doc id="36761239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761239" title="Museum of Ukrainian home icons">
Museum of Ukrainian home icons

The Museum of Ukrainian home icons of the 16th to 20th centuries is the basic part and main attraction of the "Radomysl Castle", a historical and cultural complex which is located in the town of Radomysl (Zhytomyr region, Ukraine). 
Museum’s funds are based upon the private collection of icons collected by Olha Bohomolets, MD, a well-known Ukrainian doctor and public activist. It took nearly 16 years for Mrs. Bogomolets to form the collection (since 1996). This is the first and only museum of its kind in Ukraine and in the entire world, and it is also the largest museum of icons in Eastern Europe. It represents perhaps the largest Christian exposition in Ukraine. 
The icons kept in the Museum are made by both professional and amateur artists. However, their works are equally valuable. Sometimes the artists used Ukrainian Christian folklore as the source of inspiration.
Some icons retain the marks reminding of anti-religious policy and brutal atheism of the Communist dictatorship in Ukraine (traces of fire, slashes, bullet holes etc). Dramatic impression is produced by a chest for wheat made of headless icons.
The unique attraction of the Museum is a rare icon of St. Nicholas carved in stone in the 12th century. The tradition of such icons comes from the Byzantine Empire and they were used in churches in Rus up to the 16th century.
The Museum holds nearly 5,000 items of Ukrainian sacral art from all around the country. Among them are not only Orthodox icons, but also Catholic and Greek-Catholic, including those respected among the followers of different Christian confessions (such as the Holy Virgin of Częstochowa, Berdycziv, Pochaiv etc.).

</doc>
<doc id="36761241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761241" title="List of articles related to the Syrian Civil War">
List of articles related to the Syrian Civil War


</doc>
<doc id="36761256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761256" title="Peter I of Pécs">
Peter I of Pécs

Peter I was bishop of Pécs between 1306 and 1314. He was appointed bishop by Archbishop Thomas of Esztergom at the end of 1306 after the canons of the cathedral chapter of Pécs did not reach a consensus on the succession of the elected bishop Manfred who had died at the beginning of the year. Before his appointment, Peter was dean of Tolna County. He had also been vice-chancellor of Charles of Anjou (the claimant supported by the Holy See to the Hungarian throne) from 1303 the earliest to 1306.
Although Peter was consecrated bishop by May 1307, a group of canons in the cathedral chapter of his see did not accept his appointment. They were led by Nicholas, cantor of the chapter who allied himself with one of Charles of Anjou's opponents, Henry Kőszegi. The latter took the fortress at Pécs and handed it over to Cantor Nicholas who thus succeeded in prevent Bishop Peter from entering his see and collecting revenues from his bishopric. Although Archbishop Thomas and Bishop Peter excommunicated Cantor Nicholas, he did not give up his position in Pécs. Thereafter Bishop Peter mostly stayed in the retinue of the papal legate, Cardinal Gentilis. For instance, he took part in the negotiations between the most influential noblemen of the Kingdom of Hungary and the papal legate in November 1308, and also participated at the coronation of Charles of Anjou on June 15, 1309.
The papal legate confirmed the excommunication of Cantor Nicholas on September 29, 1309. At the same time, the parts of the diocese of Pécs north of the river Drava were put under interdict. The Cardinal's action seems to have been effective, because Bishop Peter could enter his see by the middle of 1310. He must have made a compromise with his opponent who preserved his cantorship in the cathedral chapter of Pécs until his death. Bishop Peter was last mentioned in a royal charter of April 1, 1314.

</doc>
<doc id="36761261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761261" title="Ajay Singh (politician)">
Ajay Singh (politician)

Ajay Singh(Rahul Bhaiya) is an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.He represents Churhat Vidhan Sabha constituencyof Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 2008 for the fifth time. Ajay Singh aka Rahul Bhaiya is the son of Congress leader & Former Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh & Former Union Minister for HRD Late Shri Kunwar Arjun Singh.Ajay Singh is currently serving the position of Leader in Opposition in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly.Ajay Singh is the father of Bollywood actor Arunoday Singh
Education.
Shri Ajay Singh did his schooling from Campion School, Bhopal and Graduation from the prestigious Shri Ram College of Commerce, Delhi University. He has completed his M.A. in Economics from Bhopal University and was a Gold Medalist.

</doc>
<doc id="36761263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761263" title="Ambika Sao">
Ambika Sao

Ambika Sao was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
She represented Mungeli Vidhan Sabha constituency of undivided Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36761266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761266" title="Bani Bhushan Rai">
Bani Bhushan Rai

Bani Bhushan Rai was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Surkhi Vidhan Sabha constituency of undivided Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36761271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761271" title="Bashir Ahmed (politician)">
Bashir Ahmed (politician)

Bashir Ahmed was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Masturi Vidhan Sabha constituency of undivided Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36761274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761274" title="Bhagwan Singh (politician)">
Bhagwan Singh (politician)

Bhagwan Singh was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Berasia Vidhan Sabha constituency of undivided Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36761278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761278" title="Bhagwantrao Annabhau">
Bhagwantrao Annabhau

Bhagwantrao Annabhau was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Khandwa Vidhan Sabha constituency of undivided Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36761284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761284" title="Foreign involvement in the Syrian Civil War">
Foreign involvement in the Syrian Civil War

Foreign involvement in the Syrian Civil War refers to political, military and operational support to parties involved in the Syrian Civil War, as well as to incidents of unintentional foreign involvement. The Syrian Civil War has received significant international attention, and both the Syrian government and the opposition have received support, militarily, logistically and diplomatically, from foreign countries.
The Syrian government is supported by Iran and Hezbollah, both involved in the war politically, logistically and militarily. Hezbollah fields soldiers in the conflict. The Syrian government also receives arms and political support from Russia.
The main Syrian opposition body - the Syrian coalition - receives logistic and political support from major Sunni states in the Middle East, most notably Turkey, Qatar and Saudi Arabia. France, Britain and the US have also provided political, military and logistic support to the opposition. The major Syrian Kurdish opposition group, the PYD, was reported to get logistic and training support from Iraqi Kurdistan. Islamist militants in Syria were reported to receive support from private funders, mainly from the Arabian Peninsula area, as well as from Iraqi ISIL.
The Syrian Civil War has spilled across its borders and most notably affected Lebanon, where the sectarian violence related to the Syrian war has already resulted in more than 200 deaths; the incidents mostly include infighting between Lebanese Sunnis and Alawites, as well as violence between Hezbollah and Syrian rebel-affiliated groups near the Syrian-Lebanese border. The Syrian Army has also performed a number of strikes on Lebanese territory against Syrian rebel-affiliated targets. During 2013, the violence of Syrian Civil War has begun to increasingly penetrate Iraq, some describing the result as merger of Iraqi insurgency) and Syrian Civil War - both conflicts between Sunnis and Shias, with Iraqi Jihadists engaging in fights with Syrian Army in border areas. A number of alleged strikes against Hezbollah and Iranian targets within Syrian territory during 2013 were attributed to Israel. Incidents involving the Syrian Army and Syrian rebels also took place on Jordanian, Israeli and most significantly Turkish borders with Syria.
Support for the Syrian government.
Russia.
Russia, whose Tartus naval base in Syria is its only one outside the former Soviet Union, has supplied Assad's government with arms as part of a business contract signed before the uprising began. Russia has also sent military and technical advisers to train Syrian soldiers to use the Russian-made weapons and to help repair and maintain Syrian weapons. Western diplomats have frequently criticized Russia's behavior, but Russia denied its actions have violated any international law. Russian president Vladimir Putin has claimed that Russia does not support either side. Investigations by reporters also suggest that Russia is helping to keep the Syrian economy afloat by transporting hundreds of tonnes of banknotes into the country by airplane.
A joint group of 10 Russian warships and an equal number of escort vessels led by an anti-submarine destroyer and including landing ships with marines on board, entered the Mediterranean in late July. The task force has been deployed at the time of escalating fighting in Syria with the United States avowing to "intensify" its efforts "outside the Security Council". In July 2012, Vice-Adm. Viktor Chirkov made the statement that should the base come under attack, the Russian base would be forced to evacuate.
In December 2012, it was reported that "Russian military advisers" were inside Syria, manning some of the anti-aircraft defenses sent by Russia.
In January 2014 Russia has stepped up its military support for the Syrian government by supplying new armored vehicles, surveillance equipment, radars, electronic warfare systems, spare parts for helicopters, and various weapons including guided bombs for planes.
Iran.
Iran and Syria are close strategic allies, and Iran has provided significant support for Syria in the Syrian Civil War. This is said to include technical support, some combat troops, and $9bn in financial support. Iran's supreme leader, Ali Khamenei, was reported in September 2011 to be vocally in favor of the Syrian government. The Syrian city of Zabadani is vitally important to Assad and to Iran because, at least as late as June 2011, the city served as the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps's logistical hub for supplying Hezbollah.
In the civil uprising phase of the Syrian Civil War, Iran was said to be providing Syria with technical support based on Iran's capabilities developed following the 2009–2010 Iranian election protests. As the uprising developed into civil war, there were increasing reports of Iranian military support, partly in response to reports of increasing military support to the Syrian opposition from Gulf states.
Lebanese Hezbollah.
Hezbollah has long been an ally of the Ba'ath Party government of Syria, led by the Al-Assad family. Hezbollah has allegedly helped the Syrian government in its fight against the armed Syrian opposition. In August 2012, the United States sanctioned Hezbollah for its alleged role in the war. Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah denied Hezbollah had been fighting on behalf of the Syrian government, stating in a 12 October 2012 speech that "right from the start the Syrian opposition has been telling the media that Hizbullah sent 3,000 fighters to Syria, which we have denied". However, he said that Hezbollah fighters have gone to Syria independently and died there doing their "jihadist duties". Hezbollah states it supports a process of reforms in Syria and is against what it calls US plots to destabilize and interfere in Syria.
In January–February 2012, Hezbollah fighters allegedly helped the government fight the rebels in Damascus and in the Battle of Zabadani. Later that year, Hezbollah fighters crossed the border from Lebanon and took over eight villages in the Al-Qusayr District of Syria. According to the Lebanese "Daily Star" newspaper, Nasrallah said that Hezbollah fighters helped the Syrian government "retain control of some 23 strategically located villages Syria inhabited by Shiites of Lebanese citizenship". In September 2012, Hezbollah's commander in Syria, Ali Hussein Nassif, was killed along with several other Hezbollah militants in an ambush by the Free Syrian Army (FSA) near Al-Qusayr.
On 16–17 February 2013, Syrian opposition groups claimed that Hezbollah, backed by the Syrian military, attacked three FSA-controlled Sunni villages in Al-Qusayr. An FSA spokesman said, "Hezbollah's invasion is the first of its kind in terms of organisation, planning and coordination with the Syrian regime's air force". Hezbollah said three Lebanese Shias, "acting in self-defense", were killed in the clashes with the FSA. Lebanese security sources said that the three were Hezbollah members. In response, the FSA allegedly attacked two Hezbollah positions on 21 February; one in Syria and one in Lebanon. Five days later, it said it destroyed a convoy carrying Hezbollah fighters and Syrian officers to Lebanon, killing all the passengers. The leaders of the March 14 alliance and other prominent Lebanese figures called on Hezbollah to end its involvement in Syria and said it is putting Lebanon at risk. Subhi al-Tufayli, Hezbollah's former leader, said "Hezbollah should not be defending the criminal regime that kills its own people and that has never fired a shot in defense of the Palestinians". He said "those Hezbollah fighters who are killing children and terrorizing people and destroying houses in Syria will go to hell". The Consultaive Gathering, a group of Shia and Sunni leaders in Baalbek-Hermel, also called on Hezbollah not to "interfere" in Syria. They said "Opening a front against the Syrian people and dragging Lebanon to war with the Syrian people is very dangerous and will have a negative impact on the relations between the two". Walid Jumblatt, leader of the Progressive Socialist Party, also called on Hezbollah to end its involvement and claimed that "Hezbollah is fighting inside Syria with orders from Iran".
"The Jerusalem Post" reported that protesters in Syria, enraged at Hezbollah's support for the Syrian government, have burnt Hezbollah flags and images of Nasrallah, while pro-government protesters have carried posters of Nasrallah.
According to the US, the Assad loyalist militia known as Jaysh al-Sha'bi was created and is maintained by Hezbollah and Iran's Revolutionary Guard, both of whom provide it with money, weapons, training and advice. Also, according to Israeli intelligence sources, Hizbullah is working to forge loyalist government militias into a 100,000-strong irregular army to fight alongside the government's conventional forces.
Other parties.
In February 2012, it was reported that Hugo Chávez's government in Venezuela had been shipping tens of millions of dollars of diesel to Syria, which can be used to fuel army tanks. The following month, as it prepared a third shipment, Venezuela confirmed that it would continue sending diesel to the country. "The Wall Street Journal" obtained documents showing that a fourth big shipment of diesel was being readied in July 2012: "the deals are structured to bring other benefits, including shielding Syria's dwindling foreign-exchange reserves". The paper also noted that even "Syria's political opposition is split on the issue of cutting off all energy exports to the country. While they would like to see Mr. Assad's tanks run out of fuel, they also worry that a shortage of diesel could equally undermine the political and military opposition inside Syria." Chávez openly expressed his support for Assad's government while he was alive.
On 21 September 2012, Iraqi officials stated that they had refused a North Korean plane suspected of carrying weapons entry into Iraqi airspace en route to Syria. Earlier in the year, a UN probe was launched into North Korean arms deals with Syria and Myanmar in violation of international sanctions. The probe confirmed that North Korea was continuing to supply arms to Syria and Myanmar despite strict sanctions imposed in 2006 and 2009, using "elaborate techniques" to avoid interception. According to the report, one such "shipment originated in the DPRK, was trans-shipped in Dalian (China), and Port Klang (Malaysia), and transited through other ports... en route to Latakia, Syria." Illegal shipments were apparently not halted by the outbreak of war in Syria: according to a November 2012 report, a Chinese-registered ship containing North Korean missile parts, made in Cheongjin, bound for Syria was seized by South Korean authorities in May 2012.
Other reports suggest that dozens of Arabic-speaking Korean People's Army officers have aided planning of military operations and have supervised artillery bombardments in the Aleppo area. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claimed that 15 North Korean pilots operate combat helicopters in the country.
China vetoed a proposed UN Security Council resolution in tandem with Russia. "Jerusalem Post" correspondent Oren Kessler reported that Beijing's veto was enacted in the interests of preserving its ties with Russia. In September 2012, China announced that it was "impartial" on the Syrian Civil War, distancing itself from the Syrian government. After a meeting with Hillary Clinton, the Chinese foreign minister declared that the government was willing to "support a period of political transition in Syria," although the country is still reluctant to support foreign intervention.
Algeria has been one of a small number of Arab and Islamic states, to oppose punitive measures against the Syrian government. It opposed (with Iran) Syria's suspension from the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation in 2012. It also opposed the Arab League decisions to encourage military support for the Syrian Opposition among member states, and opposed recognition of the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces, as the legitimate representative of the Syrian people, both decisions undertaken by the Arab League in 2013. Algeria was supported in its position by only two other Arab League states, Iraq and Lebanon. There is no concrete evidence that Algeria has been directly arming the Assad government, but there are rumours of Algerian military aircraft regularly landing in Syria. The Algerian government is believed to be strongly opposed to regime change in Syria.
From 2011, Iraqi Government has sent Assad financial support. Iraq has opened its airspace for use by Iranian planes ferrying support to the Syrian government, and has granted trucks bound for Syria carrying supplies from the Iranian Revolutionary Guards passage through Iraqi territory. Iraqi government has signed a deal to provide Syria with diesel fuel.
The Houthis have urged their supporters in Northern Yemen to support the Syrian government. It has been alleged by a defected Syrian air-force brigadier that the Houthis supplied 200 fighters to participate in the Siege of Maarat al-Numaan and the Jisr al-Shughur operation.
23 and 24 February 2011, Lebanese Military Intelligence agents arrested six members of one Syrian family after they distributed flyers in Lebanon calling for protests against the Syrian government. 
25 February, one of them with two of his brothers vanished in Lebanon without leaving a trace. Human Rights Watch feared that Lebanon is back shutting up Syrian critics, perhaps forcibly transferring them to Syria.
A Greece-based trading company, Naftomar, is reputedly the last firm arranging deliveries of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), but, unlike the fuel sent from Venezuela and Russia, LPG is a peaceful material that plays a vital role in countries like Syria that have limited infrastructure for piping gas. International sanctions do not apply to LPG for humanitarian reasons.
The release of WikiLeaks's "Syria Files" beginning in July 2012 led to accusations that the subsidiary of an Italian arms company had provided communications equipment to the Syrian military in May 2011, and that, as late as February 2012, its engineers gave training on the use of the communications technology, including how it could be installed in helicopters. The company said the equipment was for civilian use and said it had not sold any technology to Syria since the beginning of the uprising.
According to the a report in the Daily Mail, a British newspaper, British companies sold sodium fluoride, a key ingredient in the manufacture of the deadly nerve gas sarin, to a Syrian firm from 2004-2010. Between July 2004 and May 2010, the British government issued five export licenses to two companies, with the last export license was issued in May 2010. The licenses are obtained prior to manufacture and the industry standard requires four to five months before the chemicals are delivered, thus allowing them to sell Syria sodium fluoride, necessary for the production of sarin.
Support for the opposition.
France and Britain.
On 1 November 2011, NATO said it had no intention of taking military action in Syria, after it closed its seven-month campaign in Libya. On that same month, Libyan rulers offered weapons, money and potential volunteers, it was reported that 600 rebel fighters have gone from Libya to Syria in order to support the rebels.
In June 2012, Reuters suggested that the prospect of British special forces entering Syria on the ground is growing, following unconfirmed reports from an Israeli website that SAS Commandos were conducting covert operations within Syrian territory, operating from Turkey on 26 June 2012.
At a conference in Paris in July 2012, Western and Sunni Arab countries nonetheless announced they were going to "massively increase" aid to the Syrian opposition.
In 2012, the United States, United Kingdom and France provided opposition forces with non-lethal military aid, including communications equipment and medical supplies. The U.K. was also reported to have provided intelligence support from its Cyprus bases, revealing Syrian military movements to Turkish officials, who then pass on the information to the FSA.
A crucial line of support began in spring 2012 as Saudi Arabia and Qatar announced they would begin arming and bankrolling the opposition. Paul Salem, director of the Carnegie Middle East Centre in Beirut, and Emile Hokayem of the International Institute of Strategic Studies argued such support would be unlikely to immediately make a decisive impact. A ship carrying weapons from Libya believed destined for Syria's rebels has also been intercepted. Qatar is reported to be shipping arms to Sunni Islamists in Syria as a means of cementing alliances in the Middle East.
On 22 April 2013 the European Union lifted its embargo on Syrian oil to import barrels directly from rebel groups. Several of the oil fields are believed to be under control of Jabhat al-Nusra. Some analysts say the decision might also set up a deadly competition between rebel groups over the resource.
In late August 2013 a number of commercial pilots and local residents have reported seeing increased numbers of British military aircraft at RAF Akrotiri including C-130 transports and fighter aircraft.
A vote was held within the British House of Commons on 29 August 2013 to decide whether the United Kingdom would join the United States in initiating militant action against the use of chemical weapons by the Syrian Government. Despite support from the Prime Minister David Cameron, the motion was defeated by 285 votes to 272. Cameron said that he would respect this Parliamentary decision and that the United Kingdom would not partake in military action against Syria.
On 19 September 2013, French President François Hollande hinted that France was ready to begin supplying lethal aid to the Free Syrian Army during a press conference in Bamako in a "controlled framework". Hollande told the conference that "On delivering weapons we have always said that we want to control these supplies so that they do indeed go to the Free Syrian Army ... because they represent the Syrian National Coalition that we recognise as the legitimate representative of the Syrian people and today they are caught between a hammer and an anvil. The hammer is the air strikes and actions of the Syrian regime and the anvil is radical Islam.”
United States.
Under the administration's division of labor, the State Department is in charge of supplying nonlethal aid (includes food rations and pickup trucks, not tanks and bullets), while the C.I.A. runs a covert program to arm and train the Syrian rebels.
In June 2012, the Central Intelligence Agency was reported to be involved in covert operations along the Turkish-Syrian border, where agents investigated rebel groups, recommending arms providers which groups to give aid to. Agents also helped opposition forces develop supply routes, and provided them with communications training. CIA operatives distributed assault rifles, anti-tank rocket launchers and other ammunition to Syrian opposition. The State Department has reportedly allocated $15 million for civilian opposition groups in Syria.
In July 2012, the United States government granted a non-governmental organization called Syrian Support Group a license to fund the Free Syrian Army.
In early March 2013, a Jordanian security source revealed that the United States, Britain, and France were training non-Islamist rebels in Jordan. In an effort to strengthen secular elements in the opposition as a bulwark against Islamic extremism, and to begin building security forces to maintain order in the event of Bashar al-Assad's fall. In April 2013, also in Jordan, the United States had set up a $70 million program in the country "that is training the kingdom's special forces to identify and secure chemical-weapons sites across Syria should the regime fall and the wrong rebels look like getting their hands on them."
In April 2013, the Obama administration promised to double non-lethal aid to rebels, specifically to $250 million.
On 13 June, government officials state that the Obama administration, after days of high-level meetings, has approved providing lethal arms to the Supreme Military Council (SMC). The SMC is a rebel command structure that includes representatives from most major rebel groups, and excludes the Islamic extremist elements. The decision was made shortly after the administration has concluded that the Assad government has used chemical weapons on opposition forces, thus crossing the "red line" drawn by Obama earlier in 2012. The arms will include small arms and ammunition, and possibly anti-tank weapons. However, they will not include anti-aircraft weapons, something repeatedly requested by the armed opposition. Further such weapons would be supplied by the US "on our own timeline". The United States is also considering a no-fly zone in southern Syria, which would allow a safe place to equip and train rebels.
An argument exists that the Obama administration is not interested in a quick victory in Syria, instead it wants a protracted conflict to drain Iranian and Hezbollah resources.
During September 2013, it was reported by US officials that under "a covert CIA program," small arms and anti tank weapons had begun reaching some moderate rebel groups. Although Free Syrian Army Commander Salim Idriss denied receiving lethal aid, some analysts commented that information on US arms may not have reached Idriss due to poor communications as the Free Syrian Army command was based in Northern Syria whilst weapons were reportedly reaching rebel groups in the south.
In December 2013, The United States suspended the shipments of nonlethal military aid including food rations, medical kits and pickup trucks after warehouses of equipment were seized by the Islamic Front. The Islamic Front is a coalition of Islamist fighters that broke with the American-backed Free Syrian Army, a secular Syrian opposition.
Obama administration is considering the resumption of nonlethal military aid to Syria's moderate opposition. Daniel Serwer, a professor of conflict management at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies. "It makes sense if it will tip the scales away from Al Qaeda-type extremists. The Islamic Front is likely to be the best antidote to them."
Qatar.
The "Financial Times" reported that Qatar had funded the Syrian rebellion by "as much as $3 billion" over the first two years of the civil war. It reported that Qatar was offering refugee packages of about $50,000 a year to defectors and family.
The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute estimated that Qatar had sent the most weapons to Syria, with over 70 weapons cargo flights into Turkey between April 2012 and March 2013.
Saudi Arabia.
The Financial Times reported in May 2013 that Saudi Arabia was becoming a larger provider of arms to the rebels. Since the summer of 2013, Saudi Arabia has emerged as the main group to finance and arm the rebels. Saudi Arabia has financed a large purchase of infantry weapons, such as Yugoslav-made recoilless guns and the M79 Osa, an anti-tank weapon, from Croatia via shipments shuttled through Jordan. The weapons began reaching rebels in December 2012 which allowed rebels' small tactical gains this winter against the army and militias loyal to Assad. This was to counter shipments of weapons from Iran to Assad's forces.
Bashar al-Assad pointed at Saudi Arabia as the major supporter of terrorists and "leading the most extensive operation of direct sabotage against all the Arab world".
Croatian weapons.
In December 2012, a new wave of weapons from foreign supporters were transferred to rebel forces via the Jordanian border in the country's south. The arms included M79 Osa anti-tank weapons and M-60 recoilless rifles purchased by Saudi Arabia from Croatia. Previously, most of the weapons were delivered via the Turkish border in the north. However, much of the arms unintentionally ended up in the hands of Islamist rebels. The goal for the change in routes was to strengthen moderate rebels and to bring the war closer to Damascus.
According to Jutarnji list, a Croatian daily newspaper, there were an unusually high number of sightings of Ilyushin 76 aircraft owned by Jordan International Air Cargo at Pleso Airport in Zagreb, Croatia on December 14 and 23, 2012; January 6; and February 18, 2013. In early January 2013, Yugoslav weapons were seen used in battles in the Dara'a region near Jordan. Then, in February 2013, Yugoslav weapons were seen in videos posted by rebels fighting in the Hama, Idlib, and Aleppo regions. Danijela Barisic of Croatia's Foreign Ministry and arms-export agency denied that such shipments had occurred. Saudi officials have declined requests for interviews about the shipments for two weeks. Ukrainian-made rifle cartridges, Swiss-made hand grenades, Belgian-made rifles are showing up in the rebels hands but the origin is not clear because Saudi Arabia has insisted on secrecy.
Bandar bin Sultan.
In August 2013 the "Wall Street Journal" reported that Saudi Prince Bandar bin Sultan had been appointed to lead Saudi Arabia's efforts to topple Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and that the US Central Intelligence Agency considered this a sign of how serious Saudi Arabia was about this aim. Bandar was described as "jetting from covert command centers near the Syrian front lines to the Élysée Palace in Paris and the Kremlin in Moscow, seeking to undermine the Assad regime." After tensions with Qatar over supplying rebel groups, Saudi Arabia switched its efforts from Turkey to Jordan in 2012, using its financial leverage over Jordan to develop training facilities there, overseen by Bandar's half-brother Salman bin Sultan. In late 2012 Saudi intelligence also began efforts to convince the US that the Assad government was using chemical weapons. The Saudi government also would be sending sentenced to death for Jihad in Syria.
Arab League.
Sunni Arab states are concerned that the Iranian arms transfers are changing the balance of power in the region and has "become a regional contest for primacy in Syria between Sunni Arabs and the Iran-backed Assad government and Hezbollah of Lebanon." Iran is using the Maharaj Airlines to ship weapons to Syrian government.
On 6 March 2013, the Arab League gave its members the "green light" to arm the Syrian rebels. On 26 March 2013, at the Arab league summit in Doha, the League recognised the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces, as the legitimate representatives of the Syrian people.
Turkey.
Turkey, whose relations with Syria had been friendly over the last decade, condemned Assad over the violent crackdown and has requested his departure from office. Turkey trained defectors of the Syrian Army on its territory, and in July 2011 a group of them announced the birth of the Free Syrian Army under the supervision of Turkish military intelligence. In October 2011, Turkey began sheltering the Free Syrian Army, offering the group a safe zone and a base of operation.Together with Saudi Arabia and Qatar, Turkey has also provided the rebels with arms and other military equipment. Tensions between Syria and Turkey significantly worsened after Syrian forces shot down a Turkish fighter jet in June 2012 and border clashes in October 2012.
Turkey provided refuge for Syrian dissidents. Syrian opposition activists convened in Istanbul in May to discuss regime change, and Turkey hosts the head of the Free Syrian Army, Colonel Riad al-Asaad. Turkey has become increasingly hostile to the Assad government's policies and has encouraged reconciliation among dissident factions. Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has been trying to "cultivate a favorable relationship with whatever government would take the place of Assad." Beginning in May 2012, some Syrian opposition fighters began being armed and trained by the Turkish Intelligence.
Turkey maintains a small enclave within Syria itself, the Tomb of Suleyman Shah on the right bank of the Euphrates in Aleppo Province near the village of Qarah Qawzak (Karakozak). The Tomb is guarded by a small permanent garrison of Turkish soldiers, who rotate in from a battalion based at the Turkish border some away—even as the civil war unfolded around them. Up until Syrian forces shot down a Turkish warplane in June 2012, the garrison numbered 15 men in total. Following the incident, the Turkish government doubled the number of soldiers stationed at the tomb to 30, while Prime Minister Erdoğan warned that "the tomb of Suleyman Shah and the land that surrounds it are Turkish territory. Any act of aggression against it would be an attack on our territory and NATO territory." Analysts have cited the Tomb as a potential future flashpoint in Turkish-Syrian relations.
According to the Turkish Statistical Institute (TÜIK), Turkey sold 16, 026 tons of isopropyl alcohol to Syria in 2013, also known as the main ingredient in sarin gas. The figures indicate that it was sold most during the chemical attacks in Guta in August 2013. 
Mujahideen.
There have been a number of foreign fighters that have joined the Syrian Civil War in opposition to Assad. While some are jihadists, others, such as Mahdi al-Harati, have joined to help the Syrian revolution. Some fighters have come from as far away as Chechnya and Tajikistan. Another group, the Al-Nusra Front, is headed by Abu Muhammad al-Julani The group includes some of the rebellion's most battle-hardened and effective fighters. However, U.S. has formally designated the Al Nusra Front as a foreign terrorist organization. "Extremist groups like Jabhat al-Nusra are a problem, an obstacle to finding the political solution that Syria's going to need," said the American ambassador to Syria, Robert Ford.
Al-Qaeda and affiliates are anti-Assad. American officials believe that Al-Qaeda in Iraq has conducted bomb attacks against government forces, and al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri condemned Assad. Several groups, such as the Abdullah Azzam Shaheed Brigade, al-Nusra Front and Fatah al-Islam have stated that they conducted operations in Syria. Jihadist leaders and intelligence sources said foreign fighters had begun to enter Syria only in February 2012. In May 2012, Syria's U.N. envoy Bashar Ja'afari declared that dozens of foreign fighters from Libya, Tunisia, Egypt, Britain, France and elsewhere had been captured or killed, and urged Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey to stop "their sponsorship of the armed rebellion". In June, it was reported that hundreds of foreign fighters, many linked to al-Qaeda, had gone to Syria to fight against Assad. In July, Iraq's foreign minister again warned that members of al-Qaeda in Iraq were seeking refuge in Syria and moving there to fight. When asked if the United States would arm the opposition, Hillary Clinton expressed fears that such weapons could fall into the hands of al-Qaeda or Hamas. In October 2012, the United States expressed concern and confirmed that most of the weapons fall into the hands of radical Islamist rebels.
In an interview with the Abkhazian News Agency "Anna", a senior Syrian government official made allegations that former members of the Kosovo Liberation Army were fighting in Syria with the opposition. Reuters reported that a French doctor who worked clandestinely for 2 weeks in a besieged Aleppo hospital has said that over 50% of rebel fighters attended by him in Aleppo had been non-Syrian, in stark contrast with his experience in Homs and Idlib.
In the western Sunni-majority provinces of Iraq, soldiers and war supplies have been crossing from Anbar Province into Syria. Armed groups inside Iraq have formed a Free Iraqi Army and have been supportive of the Syrian uprising against the Syrian government.
Diplomatic isolation of Syrian government.
Some countries have cut ties with the Assad government including: the GCC States, Libya, Tunisia, Britain, Spain, Poland, Turkey, Canada, the United States and Belgium.
On 16 August the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) suspended Syria's membership in the OIC, despite opposition by Iran, due to President Assad's violent suppression of the uprising.
Spillover into Lebanon.
The Syrian Civil War has led to incidents of sectarian violence in northern Lebanon between supporters and opponents of the Syrian government, and armed clashes between Sunnis and Alawites in Tripoli. Fighting between rebels and government forces has spilled into Lebanon on several occasions. The Syrian Air Force has conducted air strikes on targets in Lebanon, while rebels have launched rockets on Hezbollah targets. Fighting between supporters of the Sunni sheikh Ahmed Al-Assir, who is against Hezbollah's involvement in Syria, and the Lebanese army has killed at least 15 of its soldiers.
Lebanese-Syrian border.
At the beginning of summer 2012, two Hezbollah fighters were killed in a clash with Syrian rebels who were on Lebanese territory.
On 17 September, Syrian Ground-attack aircraft fired three missiles over the border into Lebanese territory near Arsal. It was suggested that the jets were chasing rebels in the vicinity. The attack prompted Lebanese president Michel Sleiman to launch an investigation, whilst not publicly blaming Syria for the incident.
On 22 September, a group of armed members of the Free Syrian Army attacked a border post near Arsal. This was reported to be the second incursion within a week. The group were chased off into the hills by the Lebanese Army, who detained and later released some rebels due to pressure from dignified locals. Michel Sleiman praised the actions taken by the military as maintaining Lebanon's position being “neutral from the conflicts of others". He called on border residents to “stand beside their army and assist its members.” Syria has repeatedly called for an intensified crackdown on rebels that it claims are hiding in Lebanese border towns.
On 11 October 2012, four shells fired by the Syrian military hit Masharih al-Qaa, where previous shelling incidents have caused fatalities. Lebanon's position of ignoring the attacks and dissociating itself from the conflict remained unchanged.
In October 2012 Hassan Nasrallah denied Hezbollah members were fighting alongside the Syrian army, but that Lebanese in Syria were only protecting Lebanese inhabited villages from the Free Syrian Army.
Other violent incidents.
Incidents at Syrian-Turkish border.
2011 incidents.
During the 5 December 2011 night, about 35 armed fighters tried to cross the border of Syria from Turkey, but were engaged immediately by the Syrian border forces who inflicted several wounds to them and were able to repel them back to Turkey. Once they were back on Turkish soil, the Turkish army allegedly picked them up in trucks and took care of the injured fighters. A further attempt happened during the night of 12 December, when 15 infiltrators tried again to cross the border. They were unsuccessful and two of them were killed by Syrian border patrols.
F4 jet incident.
On 22 June 2012, Syrian air defenses shot down a Turkish F-4 Phantom fighter jet, and both pilots were killed. The incident significantly raised tensions between the two countries. Syria stated that it had shot the fighter down using anti-aircraft artillery near the village of Om al-Tuyour, while it was flying over Syrian territorial waters one kilometer away from land. Turkey's foreign minister stated the jet was shot down in international airspace after accidentally entering Syrian airspace, while it was on a training flight to test Turkey's radar capabilities. Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan vowed retaliation, saying: "The rules of engagement of the Turkish Armed Forces have changed ... Turkey will support Syrian people in every way until they get rid of the bloody dictator and his gang." Ankara acknowledged that the jet had flown over Syria for a short time, but they said such temporary overflights were common, had not led to an attack before, and alleged that Syrian helicopters had violated Turkish airspace five times without being attacked and that a second, search-and-rescue jet had been fired at. Assad later expressed regret over the incident. In August 2012, reports appeared in some Turkish newspapers claiming that the Turkish General Staff had deliberately misinformed the Turkish government about the fighter's location when it was shot down. The reports said that a NATO command post at Izmir and a British base in Cyprus had confirmed that the fighter was shot down inside Syrian waters and that radar intelligence from U.S. forces had disproved any "accidentally entered Syrian waters" flightpath error. The General Staff denied the claims.
October 2012 cross-border clahses.
Tensions were further raised later that year when Syrian mortar rounds began landing in Turkish territory. On 3 October, a Syrian mortar shell hit the Turkish town of Akçakale, killing 5 civilians. Turkey responded by shelling Syrian army positions along the border. Throughout October, Syrian mortar shells repeatedly landed in Turkish territory, and the Turkish military launched retaliatory artillery and mortar strikes, firing into Syria a total of 87 times. These attacks reportedly killed 12 Syrian soldiers and destroyed several tanks.
February 2013 bombing.
Earlier, on 11 February 2013, the border near Reyhanlı was the scene of a deadly attack, when an explosion killed 17 people and injured 30 more.
May 2013 border bombing.
On 11 May 2013, two car bombs exploded in the town of Reyhanlı, Hatay Province, Turkey. At least 51 people were killed and 140 injured in the attack. The attack was the deadliest single act of terrorism to occur on Turkish soil.
In response to the attacks, the Turkish government sent large numbers of air and ground forces to increase the already heavy military presence in the area.
By 12 May 2013, nine Turkish citizens, alleged to have links to the Syrian intelligence agency, had been detained. On 21 May 2013, the Turkish authorities charged the prime suspect, the state-run Anatolia news agency reported. Four other suspects were also charged. 12 people had been charged in total. All suspects were Turkish nationals that Ankara believes were backed by the Syrian government.
On 30 September 2013, some websites claimed that the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), the al-Qaeda group operating in Iraq and Syria, accepted responsibility for the attack, threatening further attacks against Turkey.
2013 helicopter incident.
On September 2013, Turkish jets shot down a Syrian helicopter on the Syrian-Turkish border. According to Turkish official statement, Turkish warplanes made the intercept after Syrian Mi-17 helicopter had crossed into Turkish airspace and the government warned it had taken all necessary measures to defend itself against any further such violations. Syrian army acknowledged the helicopter had strayed into Turkish airspace for a short time, while monitoring "terrorists" moving across the border into Syria, but said it was an accident and that the aircraft was on its way back when it was shot down. In a statement carried by Syrian state news agency SANA, it accused Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan's government of trying to increase tensions between the two countries.
Tensions at Syrian-Israeli border.
In late 2012, border tensions between Israel and Syria escalated. On 25 September 2012, several mortar shells landed in the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, landing in an open area adjacent to the border fence. Overall, throughout October and early November, several Syrian mortar and light artillery shells hit the Golan Heights. One mortar round may have been responsible for a brushfire that erupted in the area. On 3 November, three Syrian tanks entered the demilitarized zone in the central Golan Heights as a number of mortar shells were fired into the area. On 5 November, an Israeli army jeep was damaged by Syrian army gunfire as it patrolled the border. On 11 November, after a Syrian 120mm mortar round hit the eastern Golan Heights, the Israeli army responded by firing an electro-optic anti-tank missile in the direction of a Syrian mortar crew, but they deliberately missed them, intending it as a warning shot. On 12 November, another Syrian mortar shell struck the Golan Heights, and Israeli tanks deployed along the border responded by targeting two Syrian mortar launchers. A direct hit was confirmed. A shell fired from Syria, where insurgents and government troops are locked in fierce fighting, exploded in the Israeli-occupied part of the Golan Heights plateau on Sunday, 14 July 2013.
Israeli airstrikes.
On 30 January 2013, about ten jets bombed a convoy believed to be carrying Russian-made SA-17 anti-aircraft missiles to Lebanon. The attack, attributed by some media reports to Israeli airforce, did not result in any counterattacks from Syria, although Syria has said it reserves the right to retaliate. Western intelligence sources reported that Iranian general Hassan Shateri had been killed in the airstrike. Iran acknowledged his death at the hands of the Israelis without further details. Israel refused to comment on its involvement in the incident.
News organizations reported that Israel attacked Syria on the night between 2 and 3 May 2013. US officials said that the Israeli war planes shot into Syria from Lebanese air space, and that the warplanes did not enter Syrian air space. No counter-attacks by Syria were reported at any front, and the Syrian ambassador to the UN said that he was not aware of any attacks on Syria by Israel. Israel as well declined any comment. Another alleged attack was reported to be a set of massive explosions in Damascus on the night of 4–5 May 2013. Syrian state media described this as an "Israeli rocket attack", with the targets including a military research center of the Syrian government in Jamraya. The "Daily Telegraph" reported anonymous Israeli sources as saying that this was an Israeli attack on Iranian-made guided missiles allegedly intended to be shipped to Hezbollah. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, an opposition monitoring group based in Britain, said at least 42 Syrian soldiers were killed in the strikes.
Another violent event, possibly linking Israel, occurred in July 2013 in Latakia. Both Syria and Israel denied any report, while Hezbollah claimed that large explosions in Latakia area were caused by rebel mortar fire. Reportedly, the attack targeted Russian-made Yakhont anti-ship missiles near the city of Latakia, and killed several Syrian troops. Russian news agency also reported of Turkish involvement in the incident.
On November 2013, a US official stated that Israel conducted an air strike on a Syrian weapons store near Latakia.
Iraqi-Syrian border incidents.
The Akashat ambush was a well planned assault against a Syrian Army convoy defended by Iraqi soldiers that took place on 4 March 2013, as the group was travelling in the province of Anbar, next to the border with Syria. The Islamic State of Iraq claimed responsibility for the ambush on March 11. 51 Syrian soldiers killed in the clashes.<br> Another 9 Iraqi soldiers were killed as well from insurgent fire. The attackers carried unknown casualties.
Jordanian-Syrian border.
On 22 October 2012, a Jordanian soldier died in a gunfight between Jordanian troops and Islamic militants attempting to cross the border into Syria. Sameeh Maaytah, the Information Minister of Jordan, said the soldier was the first member of the Jordanian military to be killed in clashes connected to the civil war in Syria.
Other.
In February 2012, German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle warned that a proxy war in Syria could "cause a confrontation that drags in even Moscow and Beijing". Before his departure to the 2012 G8 Summit the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev warned, that "actions, which undermine state sovereignty" may well end in "a full-blown regional war" and even the "use of nuclear weapons". Syrian state institutions, according to another Brookings scholar, citing post-invasion Iraq, cautioned against the goal of an immediate purge of all Ba'athists.
In July 2012, Switzerland ceased arms exports to the UAE after it emerged Swiss weapons were finding their way to opposition fighters. The Swiss decision came shortly after the UN human rights chief, Navi Pillay, called for an urgent stop to arms transfers to government and opposition forces so as to avoid "further militarisation" of the conflict. The director of the Saban Center for Middle East Policy had previously argued that, while "uncontrolled militarization will turn the Syrian uprising into a wider conflict that could draw in jihadis and other extremists from across the Muslim World", militarisation was inevitable, and so the US should help facilitate and guide it. Marc Lynch argued the opposite in February 2012, as the provision of weapons from Saudi Arabia and Qatar was being mooted: "It is unlikely that arms from the outside would come close to evening the balance of power, and would only invite escalations from Syrian regime forces".
August 2012, Israeli minister Ayoob Kara said that he was facilitating aid to Syrian refugees while also in contact with several Syrian government officials who were considering defecting from the government.

</doc>
<doc id="36761285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761285" title="Bhandari (politician)">
Bhandari (politician)

Bhandari was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Pal Vidhan Sabha constituency of undivided Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36761290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761290" title="Bhopalrao Bissuli">
Bhopalrao Bissuli

Bhopalrao Bissuli was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Kurud Vidhan Sabha constituency of undivided Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36761295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761295" title="Brijbhushan (politician)">
Brijbhushan (politician)

Brijbhushan was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Ambikapur Vidhan Sabha constituency of undivided Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36761300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761300" title="Arunachalam Muruganantham">
Arunachalam Muruganantham

Arunachalam Muruganantham (b. 1962) is a social entrepreneur from rural Coimbatore in Tamil Nadu, India. He is the inventor of a low-cost sanitary pad making machine, and has innovated grass-roots mechanisms for generating awareness about traditional unhygienic practices around menstruation in rural India.
His mini-machines, which can manufacture sanitary pads for less than a third of the cost of commercial pads, have been installed in 23 of the 29 states of India. He is currently planning to expand the production of these machines to 106 nations. In 2014, "TIME" placed him in its list of "100 Most Influential People in the World" - Pioneers.
Life.
The son of handloom weaver S. Arunachalam, Muruganantham grew up in poverty
after his father died in a road accident. His mother, A. Vanita, started
working as a farm labour for paltry wages. 
At school, he took interest in science and won an award at 
a science exhibition for a chicken
incubator design. However, at the age of 14, he dropped out of school to 
look for work. Initially, he supplied food
to factory workers, but then he took up various jobs as machine tool
operator, yam selling agent, far labourer, welder, etc.
In 1998, shortly after his marriage, Murugananthan discovered his wife
Shanthi collecting filthy rags in a newspaper to use during her menstrual
cycle.
When asked about this unhygienic practice, she explained that buying sanitary napkins made by multinational corporations would mean they would not have money for milk.
Troubled by this, he went on to fashion experimental pads. The idea took hold of him and every day after he got back from his work of welding gates and windows, he would spend hours devising sanitary pads. 
In the beginning, he made pads out of cotton but these were rejected by his
wife and sisters. Eventually, they stopped co-operating with him and refused
to be test subjects for his innovations.
He then bought the commercial product and realized that the raw materials at the time probably cost 10 paise ($0.002), but were selling for 40 times that price. Being from a handloom background, he thought he could make them cheaper himself.
At this time, he looked for female volunteers who could test his inventions, but most were too shy to discuss their menstrual issues with him. He even tested it on himself, using a bladder with animal blood, but became the subject of ridicule when the "sanitary pad" was discovered in his village. His preoccupation with addressing the issues that stem from how women deal with their menstrual flow, a rather taboo subject in India, left him ostracized by his community and family (albeit temporarily). 
At one point he would distribute his products free to girls in a local medical college, provided they returned the them to him after use. Once his mother came upon these smelling feminine products in the room, and even she decided to leave this mad son.
Invention.
However, Muruganantham persevered. It took him nearly two years to discover that that the commercial pads used cellulose fibres, derived from pine bark wood pulp. The fibres helped the pads absorb while retaining shape. Imported machines that made the pads cost 3.5 crores. So he went on to devise a low-cost machine that could be operated with minimal training. He sourced the processed pine wood pulp from a supplier in Mumbai, and made the machines that would grind, de-fibrate, press, and sterilize the pads under ultraviolet before packaging them for sale. The mini-machine cost Rs. 65,000 at the time, and sells for about Rs. 1 lakh in 2014. Another version, that does not need the cellulose input but starts by pulping wood, costs Rs. 3 lakhs.
The turning point for 
Muruganantham came in 2006, when he visited IIT Madras to show his idea and get suggestions. They registered his invention for the National Innovation Foundation's Grassroots Technological Innovations
Award. His idea won the award that year, and he received it from President Pratibha Patil. This event brought him into the media spotlight and he obtained some seed funding and founded "Jayaashree Industries", which now markets these machines to rural women all over India. Murganantham views it as a mechanism for providing them with employment and alleviating poverty. The machine has been praised for its simplicity and cost-effectiveness, and his commitment to social aid has earned him several awards. Despite offers from several corporate entities to commercialize his venture, he has refused to sell out and continues to provide these machines to self-help groups (SHGs) run by women all over India. Muruganantham says his "greatest compliment" was a 
phone call from a mother who had installed his machine in remote Uttarakhand. She told him how her little girl was now going to school with the money she was making. Another, typical praise: 
When his work become well-known, he got a shy phone call from his wife - after five and a half years of estrangement. They now live in Coimbatore along with their daughter. His mother has also rejoined him.
Menstrual awareness in India.
Muruganantham's invention is widely praised as a key step in changing women's lives in India. His passion for changing lives extends to increasing awareness about menstruation among women in developing nations, where only 10% of rural women use pads, and rags, soil, and even mud may be used for stemming menstrual flow. In many of these nations, girls will drop out of school around puberty. Muruganantham's machine creates jobs and income for many women, and affordable pads enable many more women to earn their livelihood during menstruation. In addition to his own outreach, Muruganantham's work has also inspired many other entrepreneurs to enter this area, including some that propose to use waste banana fibre or bamboo for the purpose.
Muruganantham has become well known as a social entrepreneur. An excellent raconteur with a rustic touch, he has lectured at IIT Mumbai, IIM Ahmedabad and at Harvard. 
He has also given a TED talk. His fascinating story was the subject of a prize-winning documentary by Amit Virmani, Menstrual Man.

</doc>
<doc id="36761304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761304" title="Gian Gabriele I of Saluzzo">
Gian Gabriele I of Saluzzo

Gabriel was the fourth and youngest son of Ludovico II of Saluzzo and Margaret of Foix-Candale. Because it was unlikely that he would ever rule Saluzzo, he had been destined for a career in the Church and became abbot of Staffarda Abbey. But when two of his brothers had died and with Giovanni Ludovico in exile, he was recalled to rule the Marquisate of Saluzzo in 1537.<br>
This couldn't have been at a worst time. The Marquisate had been a battleground during the Italian Wars and a succession war between the Pro-Habsburg Giovanni Ludovico and the pro-French Francesco. This left the Marquesate utterly ruined and completely dependent on the King of France. 
Gabriel couldn't turn the tide and was deposed by an uprising on February 23, 1548. Representatives of the Saluzzo municipalities gathered to discuss the future of the nation and decided to request the annexation to France.<br>
In 1549 King Henry II of France formally annexed Saluzzo to France. By then, Gabriel had already died.

</doc>
<doc id="36761308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761308" title="Brijendra Lal">
Brijendra Lal

Brijendra Lal was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Manendragarh Vidhan Sabha constituency of undivided Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36761314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761314" title="Champa Devi">
Champa Devi

Champa Devi was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
She represented Sirmour Vidhan Sabha constituency of Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36761319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761319" title="Monte Stivo">
Monte Stivo

Monte Stivo is a 2,059 m mountain near Lake Garda, close to the cities of Arco and Riva del Garda in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="36761323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761323" title="Daulat Ram">
Daulat Ram

Daulat Ram was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Guna Vidhan Sabha constituency of undivided Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36761328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761328" title="Deepchand">
Deepchand

Deepchand a.k.a Laxmichand was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Betul Vidhan Sabha constituency of undivided Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36761336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761336" title="Deokaran Balchand">
Deokaran Balchand

Deokaran Balchand was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Khandwa Vidhan Sabha constituency of undivided Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36761337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761337" title="Richard Todwong">
Richard Todwong

Richard Todwong is a Ugandan politician. He is the Minister Without Portfolio in the Ugandan Cabinet. He was appointed to that position on 15 August 2012. He replaced Nasser Sebaggala who was appointed in May 2011, but was rejected by parliament. Richard Todwong is also the elected Member of Parliament for "Nwoya County", Nwoya District.
Background.
He was born on 24 November 1973 in Nwoya District.
Education.
Richard Todwong holds the degree of Bachelor of Arts in Social Sciences (B.A.Soc.Scs.), obtained from Makerere University, Uganda's oldest and largest public university, His degree of Master of Arts in International Relations (M.A.Int.Rel.) was also obtained from Makerere. His Diploma in Management (Dip.Mgnt.) was obtained from the Uganda Management Institute. He also holds the postgraduate Diploma in Revenue and Tax Administration from the Uganda Revenue Authority (URA).
Work experience.
From 1999 until 2000, Todwong worked as a Revenue Officer at the Uganda Revenue Authority, the Uganda government body responsible for tax collection. From 2000 until 2003, he served as Commissioner at the Constitutional Revenue Commission. Between 2006 and 2010, he served as a Special Advisor to the President of Uganda. In 2011, he entered elected politics by contesting for the "Nwoya County" Constituency in the Parliament of Uganda. He ran on the National Resistance Movement (NRM) political party ticket. He won and is the incumbent.
In 2012, he was appointed Minister Without Portfolio. In 2013, he was given responsibility by he NRM political party to assist the Secretary General in mobilization activities.

</doc>
<doc id="36761348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761348" title="Dhannalal Jain">
Dhannalal Jain

Dhannalal Jain was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Dongargaon Vidhan Sabha constituency of undivided Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36761349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36761349" title="List of Suzhou Rail Transit stations">
List of Suzhou Rail Transit stations

The list includes stations of Suzhou Rail Transit.

</doc>
