<doc id="36541863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541863" title="Balupu">
Balupu

Balupu (, ) is a 2013 Telugu Action film directed by Gopichand Malineni. The film is produced by Prasad Vara Potluri under PVP Cinemas banner and stars Ravi Teja, Anjali and Shruti Haasan in lead roles. The film soundtrack is being composed by S. Thaman. The film released on 28 June 2013 in Telugu and Tamil to positive reception from critics as well as audience and was declared a 'Super Hit' at both the Indian and Overseas Box Office.It is dubbed into hindi as Jani Dushmann.
Plot.
Ravi (Ravi Teja) works as a collection agent of ICICI in Bangalore and leads a happy life along with his friends and his father Mohan Rao (Prakash Raj) who wishes to see Ravi married to a girl soon. Once Ravi rushes to a Hospital where his friend ('Satyam' Rajesh) is admitted as he tried to commit suicide by drinking nail polish solution and asks the reason for it. Then he describes about the traits of Shruti (Shruti Haasan) and her uncle Crazy Mohan (Brahmanandam). The duo have a habit of cheating gullible young men including his friend and Ravi decides to teach them a lesson.
Ravi enters their life as a gullible youngster and starts torturing them. Crazy Mohan's plans and attempts always go in vain before him. As a part of their cunning plans, Crazy Mohan advises Shruti to ask Ravi to marry her. As fate would have it, Ravi also comes with a marriage proposal to Shruti. Then the pair approach Mohan Rao and tell him that Ravi is in love with Shruti and that he proposed to her. They assume that this would enrage him but the result is negative as Mohan Rao accepts the proposal heartily. Meanwhile unknown to Shruti, she is engaged to Rohit (Adivi Sesh) by her father (Nassar) sometime in the past. Ravi one days saves Shruti from some goons and after doing so advises her not to play with people's feelings in future. Shruti finds herself falling in love with Ravi and informs Ravi's father Mohan Rao.
Mohan Rao leaves the final decision to Shruti's father who in turn guarantees that they would not face any problem in the future from Ravi. On the other hand Rohit's mother (Sana) warns Shruti that she would torture her after her marriage. Listening to both, Shruti's father fixes Shruti's marriage with Ravi. Rohit's mother gets humiliated by this and calls her brother Poorna (Ashutosh Rana). Poorna who arrives at the wedding venue with his hench men recognise that Ravi-Mohan Rao are his biggest enemies Shankar-Nanaji. While Ravi is fighting with the goons, Poorna stabs Mohan Rao and flees away to Vizag with Shruti. After admitting Mohan Rao into the hospital, Ravi starts narrating his past.
In the past, when Poorna tries to destroy the empire of Nanaji, a dreaded don those days, he takes the help of Shankar and makes him his partner in crime. Shankar, with his aggressiveness and cleverness, starts destroying the empire of Nanaji. Meanwhile, without knowing the fact that she was Nanaji's daughter, he falls in love with Dr. Anjali (Anjali) who reciprocates his love. Knowing this, Poorna's elder son Babji (Ajay) tries to injure Anjali by throwing Acid on her, only to be killed by Nanaji. Then she comes to know that Shankar is a criminal and her father's enemy. She pleads both Shankar and Nanaji to leave rowdyism, in which Shankar turns successful. After his younger son Kaasi (Shafi) advice, Poorna tells to Nanaji that Shankar and Anjali are eloping. While Shankar is involved in a feud with Nanaji, Kaasi shoots Anjali fatally. They fulfill her last wish by leaving rowdyism and living a normal life.
Meanwhile Shruti's father rushes to the hospital and tells to Ravi that Shruti is being married to Rohit forcibly. Ravi reaches the spot, acts as if though Kaasi's soul is in his body and it wants to kill Shankar and Nanaji. With the help of Shruti, Anjali's father Nanaji, Dr. Savitri (Ali) and his friends, Ravi manages to kidnap Rohit. Poorna along with Shruti and Nanaji along with Rohit reach the agreed spot. Shankar reveals his real identity, defeats Poorna and marries Shruti in the end.
Production.
Development.
Gopichand Malineni and Ravi Teja together announced that their collaboration is set for a new movie whose name was revealed later. In August 2012, it was announced that the filming would begin from October 2012. The film's muhurtam was held on 26 October 2012 in a quiet ceremony held at producer Potluri's office. 
Few of the movie's songs were canned in Lisbon of Portugal thus making the first Telugu film being filmed in Portugal. In an interview to the Portugal media, Ravi Teja, Shruti Haasan and Gopichand Malineni thanked the Portugal tourism board and the local crew for their support. In May, Gopichand Malineni responded about the delay in the movie's shooting, stating "Balupu has been delayed due to fight masters and fighters union problems. Now Ram-Laxman masters have got Hyderabad union card and we are on the way." For the first time in his career, Ravi Teja sung a song thus making this film his Debut as a Singer, adding yet another feather in his cap. As on 4 June, The post-production works were reported to be running in full-swing at a neck break speed.
Casting.
Ravi Teja was signed in to play the protagonist and his role was said to be a Highly Energetic one with a rugged look sporting a beard, similar to his look in his previous film Venky. This film was the next film of Ravi Teja with PVP Cinemas after the 2003 film Veede. Shruti Haasan has been recruited to play one of the female lead opposite Ravi Teja. She told IndiaGlitz that she would be playing a comedy role in the movie and this will be her first attempt at comedy. For the first time in her career in Tollywood, she will be seen in a glamorous role. S. Thaman, who previously worked with Gopichand Malineni for "Bodyguard", was recruited as the music director for this project. Kona Venkat penned the script for the film. In October, Anjali was recruited as the Second female lead, after signing Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu. After impressing everyone as a spoilt-brat in Panjaa, Adivi Sesh was recruited for a pivotal role in this film. Apparently, It was reported that Anjali is playing the role of a medical student in this film. Ashutosh Rana, who previously worked with Ravi Teja for Venky, was recruited to play one of the antagonists. Brahmaji was also recruited to play a vital role in the film. Meanwhile, Brahmanandam's character name was revealed to be "Crazy Mohan" and his role was said to be one of the biggest assets of the movie. In May, it was reported that Lakshmi Rai would make a special appearance in the film. In June, it was reported that prominent Telugu comedian Ali would essay the role of Dr. Savitri, a Male/Female Doctor which was said to be one of the highlights of the film.
Filming.
The movie shooting started on First week Of November and had a silent shoot and in December, the film has competed it’s first schedule in which the scenes between Ravi Teja, Bramhanandam and Sruthi Hassan were shot. In End of December, it was reported that shooting is currently progressing near Simhachalam and it was reported that the film is reportedly set in the backdrop of Vizag and some important scenes are being shot right now on Ravi Teja and Anjali. Later, it was told that the film has completed about 50% of the shoot and the work is going on a good pace. The next schedule started in Hyderabad in January 2013 where scenes featuring Ravi Teja and Shruti Haasan were shot, which was confirmed by the actress in her twitter. The film’s shooting was put on hold temporarily due to Gopichand Malineni’s wedding and after a brief gap, the film’s next schedule began in End of February at Hyderabad where some important scenes were canned between Ravi Teja and Shruti Haasan. In March, the song "Patikella Chinnadi" was shot on Ravi Teja and Shruti Haasan in Ramoji Film City and sources reported that Shruti Haasan will be seen in a Glamorous attire in that song. After the song's completion, the unit had its shoot at Appa Junction in Hyderabad for some crucial scenes at a very fast pace. After the completion of the major schedules, The movie unit proceeded for the shooting of the remaining songs. Later it was known that few songs would be canned in Lisbon, the capital city of Portugal. After a shoot of 10 Days in Lisbon, the unit moved to Algarve region in Southern part of Portugal to shoot couple of songs on Ravi Teja and Shruti Haasan. After completing 2 songs under the choreography of Raju Sundaram, The unit returned from Portugal nearly on 20 April 2013. The final schedule began at Hyderabad in the month of May. On 18 May, Some scenes were canned at Lingampally Railway Station in Hyderabad. After completion of the schedule nearly on 18 May, the unit proceeded to Bangkok for canning some crucial scenes. After completing a long schedule in Bangkok, the unit resumed its shooting in Nanakramguda where some crucial scenes on Ravi Teja and Shruti Haasan were shot. The film unit then canned the song "Lucky Lucky Rai" on Ravi Teja and Lakshmi Rai at Bangkok. It was informed that Sekhar master is choreographing that song and shooting will go on till 15 June, with which the shooting of the film will be complete.
Soundtrack.
The music is composed by S. Thaman. This film marks Thaman's second venture with Gopichand Malineni after Bodyguard and also sixth venture with Ravi Teja. Sirivennela Sitaramasastri and Bhaskarabhatla penned the lyrics for the songs. Ravi Teja also sung a song in this film. The film had its audio launch in Hyderabad International Convention Centre at Hyderabad on 1 June 2013.
Reception.
The audio got positive response. "123telugu.com" gave a review stating ""Balupu" is one of the most commercially promising audio albums that Ravi Teja has had in recent times. The songs are peppy and are easy to like." APHerald.com gave a review stating "Over all Balupu audio sounded as mix of new and old track from Thaman’s pervious movies." Telugucinema.com gave a review stating "All in all, Balupu is different in Thaman's repertoire and has songs that are easy to like. Thaman has come up with songs that would help the film. Has mass numbers as well as a melody number. Right mix of songs. Best album in Ravi Teja's career in the recent times." Cineoutlook.com gave a review stating "Overall Balupu Audio is a combination of Class and Mass Masala songs. It’s a S.S. Thaman Brand Music."
Release.
Initially the movie was slated for a worldwide released in 302 screens on 21 June 2013. But due to delay in Post-Production of the film, the release date was shifted to 28 June 2013. The film would have a premiere on 27 June 2013 in all the overseas countries. Though it was rumoured that the film would be delayed further, the unit confirmed its release on 28 June 2013. The film was submitted to the Central Board of Film Certification on 24 June 2013. The film was awarded an A certificate by the Board after the objectionable dialogue was removed. The film released in 70 screens across USA, making it the biggest release of Ravi Teja there. With a massive release in AP, the film was also released in and around Chennai in 16 Screens.
Marketing.
It was reported in the first week of January that the first look posters and stills would be released on 26 January 2013 thus coinciding with Ravi Teja's Birthday but the logo and teaser of Balupu was launched at a function organized in Marigold Hotel at Greenlands, Hyderabad on 25 January 2013. Ravi Teja launched the teaser while PVP's executive director Rajeev Kamineni launched the logo. The audio launch was held on 1 June 2013 at HICC Novotel in Hyderabad. It was organised by "Shreyas Media", a popular event organizing company. The cost of organizing was 3.5 million, which was well received, both in terms of TRP's and Public Response, making it one of the successful events organized by them. For the first time ever, Ravi Teja and Shruti Hassan performed live on stage along with S. Thaman, which elevated the event to Bollywood and Hollywood standards. The Theatrical trailer, which was released on the same day generated Unusually positive response from the public. From 18 June 2013 the character sketches of Ali, Srinivasa Reddy, Satyam Rajesh, Pradeep, Thagubothu Ramesh, Ashutosh Rana, Lakshmi Rai, Adivi Sesh, Anjali, Prakash Raj, Shruti Haasan, Brahmanandam, Ravi Teja were displayed at "idlebrain.com", the official web partners of the film in images with a countdown till 28 June 2013 which was told as a unique promotion. Moreover, the posters of the film were decorated to 3 Trains covering all the parts of Andhra Pradesh nearly on 26 June 2013 which was also a unique promotion activity.
Pre-release revenues.
Noted Producer and Distributor Dil Raju bought the Nizam Area Rights of the film for a Reported Fancy Prize. The Overseas rights were bagged by BlueSky for a fancy price. Zee Telugu bought the satellite rights of the film. The Australian Distribution rights of this film, along with Sahasam, were bagged by Sai Manali and Lorgan Entertainment. The movie had a great pre-release business in USA, with 33 centers in USA were closed within 48 to 72 hours of press note and remaining in final stages of closing, with all Non USA centers closed as on 21 June 2013.
Controversy.
On 20 June 2013 Mr. Dronamraju Ravikumar, representative of the A.P. Brahmana Seva Sangha Samakhya, alleged that the trailer of the film contained derogatory remarks against Brahmins. The representatives of Brahmin organizations demanded the removal of trailers from all TV channels, thus submitting a formal complaint to the Censor Board and the Film Chamber with an intention of necessary action by the Censor Board since the film was not censored by that time. On the other hand, Gopichand Malineni stated that his intention was not to hurt anyone’s feelings but just to conclude the controversy in a positive manner in this movie and concluded saying that the Brahmin organizations are invited to watch the film before it gets censored. After showing the film to the irked community, the producer of the film sent a letter to Regional Censor Board Officer stating that he is going to delete the entire scene from the film to avoid controversies.
Reception.
Jeevi of idlebrain.com gave a review of rating 3.25/5 stating "Ravi Teja whose previous hit was released in January 2011 didn't find success at box office despite having seven films in a span of 2 and half years. Balupu will provide oxygen to his career. Balupu has all ingredients with a dominating portion of entertainment to become a decent hit. You can watch it." The Times of India gave a review stating "The first half of the film looks pretty entertaining with good comedy, emotions and interval bang. Kona Venkat's comic drama style coupled with Gopichand Malineni's well-shot action sequences hogged the limelight in the second half, where the story gets into the flash back. Powerful dialogues, emotions and nice comedy might engage the audience." Postnoon.com gave a review of rating 3.5/5 stating "Balupu is a good concoction of action and entertainment which hits all the right notes. Ravi Teja has finally managed to hit the ball out of the park, after almost two years." Mahesh S Koneru of 123telugu.com gave a rating of 3.25/5 stating "With Balupu, we can perhaps say that Ravi Teja is back! His mass look and powerful punch dialogues work well. It ends up being a mass masala entertainer that is definitely worth a watch." Oneindia Entertainment gave a review stating "Ravi Teja is back with a bang this time. With repeated failures till now, it is refreshing to watch Ravi Teja at his best." IndiaGlitz gave a review of rating 3.25/5 stating "Balupu is a mix of action plus entertainment. Ravi Teja will win a battle for the first time since Mirapakay." APHerald gave a review of rating 2.25/5 stating "Balupu is Not a complete Action Entertainer, but watchable once for Ravi Teja-Brahmi comedy." SuperGoodMovies gave a review of rating 3/5 stating "Raviteja’s Balupu is a movie with entertainment and action sequences. But it is just one time watch."
Home Media.
The film was aired for the first time on 12 January 2014 as Sankranti special on Zee Telugu Channel which generated Huge TRP's for the channel.
Box office.
India.
The film had a good start at the domestic box office collecting on its first day. The film collected a share of in 3 days, with a collection of on the second day and on the third day in Andhra Pradesh. The film collected 4025,000 in 3 days in Tamil Nadu, which is the highest collection for a Ravi Teja's film in Tamil Nadu till date, hence being declared a Super Hit at both Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu Box offices respectively, breaking Ravi Teja's previous records held by "Kick", "Don Seenu" and "Mirapakay". The film continued its pace by collecting at the end of the first week and with staedy collections in the second week even after finding a stiff competition from "Singam", the successful dubbed version of Suriya's Singam II. The film completed a successful 50 Day run in 85 Direct Centers, collecting a gross of nearly allover the state.
Overseas.
The film had a very good start at the US box office collecting in 2 days, entering the list of top 20 grosser in US at 18th position, minting much than Ghanchakkar, which was released in more number of screens and collected . The film collected in its first weekend which was more than the closing businesses of his previous hits "Kick" (with ), "Don Seenu" (with ) and "Mirapakay" (with ) respectively. The film continued its pace in spite of heavy competition from other big releases by collecting at the end of the second week, thus being declared a Super Hit at the Box office, however failing to beat the record set by Baadshah which collected at that point of time, however subjected to the number of screens it was released. The film collected a total of at the end of its Third week.

</doc>
<doc id="36541874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541874" title="Terpzigt, Marssum">
Terpzigt, Marssum

Terpzigt is a drainage mill in Marssum, Friesland, Netherlands. It is the smallest "spinnenkop", a type of hollow post windmill. The mill is listed as a Rijksmonument, number 8625.
History.
The windmill was built in 1888. Before the merger of several waterboards it drained the polder Tolsma. It was restored to working order in 1981 by millwright Dijkstra from Giekerk though it can no longer drain water from the polder, instead it pumps water round in a circuit. In 2011 the windshaft and stocks were replaced.
Description.
"Terpzigt" is wat the Dutch describe as a "spinnenkop" (English: spiderhead mill). It is a small hollow post mill winded by a winch. The four common sails have a span of and are carried on a wooden "windshaft". The "brake wheel" on the windshaft drives the "wallower" at the top of the "upright shaft", which passed through the main post. At the bottom of the "upright shaft", the "crown wheel" drives the Archimedes' screw. The screw is in diameter and can lift of water per revolution. The body and substructure are weatherboarded.
Public access.
The mill is open to the public by appointment.

</doc>
<doc id="36541881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541881" title="Berlin Conference of Bishops">
Berlin Conference of Bishops

The Berlin Conference of Bishops was the meeting of Roman Catholic bishops of East Germany from 1976 to 1990.
As was solidified after the Berlin Wall in 1961 and was the division of Germany prevented the participation of the bishops of the East of the German Bishops' Conference, the pastoral needs led to a separate meeting of the East German bishops, first of the Berlin Ordinarienkonferenz.
In the following decades, the increased pressure from the government of the GDR built on the Apostolic See, has its own Bishops' Conference as "auctoritas territorialis" and on July 10, 1974 submitted to the ambassador of the GDR in Italy to the Holy See a formal proposal to the East German government, to lead talks at foreign minister level. Although the (West) German Bishops' Conference of this approach was regarded as not conducive to it on July 26, 1976 on the erection of the Berlin Conference of Bishops as an independent, not as a national bishops' conference of the German Democratic Republic.
Great importance was attached to the wording of the statute of the German Bishops' Conference, being confirmed on September 25, 1976 by the Apostolic See. Article 1 designates the German Bishops' Conference as "the union of the bishops of the dioceses of Germany". According to this formulation, including the bishops were on the territory of the GDR continued to German Bishops' Conference. The Bishop of Berlin was represented officially a member of the German Bishops' Conference and sat by his vicar-general of West Berlin.
In 1990, after the reunification of Germany, Berlin and German Bishops' Conference were combined.
Chairman.
Cardinal Alfred Bengsch, Bishop of Berlin (1976 - 1979)
Gerhard Schaffran, Bishop of Dresden - Meissen (1980 - 1982)
Joachim Meisner, Bishop of Berlin (1982 - 1989)
Joachim Wanke, Apostolic Administrator of the Episcopal Office of Erfurt - Meiningen (1989 provisional)
Georg Sterzinsky, Bishop of Berlin (1989-1990)
Structure.
The canonical system on the territory of the GDR was complicated. Only the Diocese of Meissen was entirely on the territory of the GDR. The diocese also included Berlin and West Berlin. Görlitz, formerly part of the Archdiocese of Breslau, was Archbishop Office, later Apostolic Administration.
The other areas were to dioceses canonically established on the territory of the Federal Republic of Germany. These were Episcopal office. An appreciation of apostolic administrations remained in contrary to the wishes of the East German government. Specifically, there was the Bishop's office Erfurt, Fulda, the Episcopal office in Magdeburg, in Paderborn, the Episcopal office Meiningen, at Wurzburg, the Episcopal Commission for later Schwerin, to Osnabrück. Erfurt and Meiningen were performed in real-Union Episcopal Office Erfurt-Meiningen.

</doc>
<doc id="36541908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541908" title="Barbra Streisand in Concert">
Barbra Streisand in Concert

Barbra Streisand in Concert is Barbra Streisand's First full tour which ran from 1993 through 1994. The tour consisted of 26 shows starting on New Year's Eve 1993 in Las Vegas and ended Anaheim, California in July 1994. The 18 shows that went on sale following the new year concerts in Las Vegas sold out in 1 hour. This tour was also the first time Barbra toured anywhere in Europe and was the last until her in 2006.
Background.
Until this tour Barbra had only toured once in 1966, where she cut an initially planned 20 city tour, to 4 dates, due to her pregnancy. Although she has sung concerts this was her first tour after a suggested 28 year bout of Stage Fright.
Set list.
Act I
Act II
Additional Notes:
Commercial reception.
According to Barbra's official website. The tour set attendance and box office records in every city it played in with the first 18 dates selling out within 1 hour. The phone requests for tickets reached 5 million within the first hour the tour went on sale. The tour grossed $50 million in 1994.
Broadcasts and recordings.
"Barbra: The Concert" was broadcast on HBO August 24, 1994 and received a television audience of 11.2 million viewers and was later released on VHS and Laserdisc. A DVD of the show was later released in 2009. A Live Album The Concert was also released in 1994 and was composed of songs from the New York concert series at Madison Square Garden, where it reached number 10 on the Billboard Album Chart and was certified 3x Platinum by the RIAA.
In 2004, Sony BMG released a DVD version of the New Year's Eve Concert in Las Vegas entitled "The Concert: Live at the MGM Grand" which was previously unreleased.

</doc>
<doc id="36541909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541909" title="Moses Billings">
Moses Billings

Moses Billings (January 15, 1809 – August 14, 1884) was an American painter and photographer known mainly for his portraits. He was born in Amherst, New Hampshire, but spent most of his career working in Erie, Pennsylvania.
Early life.
Moses Billings was born in Amherst, New Hampshire, on January 15, 1809. Little is known of his early life. According to a variety of sources, he appeared at some point in his early life in Cincinnati; Orange County, New York; Cleveland; Massachusetts; and in other places in New England. It is likely that during his early life, he learned the skills of a cobbler, for he is listed in the 1831 Cincinnati City Directory as a shoemaker/cobbler. He married Jane Wilkins (daughter of Thomas and Mary Wallace Wilkins, a prominent family in Erie at the time) on October 27, 1835.
Influences.
Billings was self-taught, and "born with all the instincts of an artist". It is not known exactly what his influences were, though a number of potential influences have been suggested. Much of his knowledge of art most likely came from engravings, lithographs, and prints of famous works. It is also likely that Billings was familiar with the work of Samuel F. B. Morse. Upon Morse's return from Europe, he attempted to implement elements of history painting he had learned from his teacher, Benjamin West. When his attempts proved largely unsuccessful, he turned to portrait painting. Morse traveled extensively in Massachusetts and New Hampshire from 1816 to 1820, and lived in Concord, New Hampshire, for a while, a mere from Billings' home in Amherst at the time.
James Bowman, another portrait painter, did work in Erie for a brief time starting in 1817. However, given the relatively primitive and flat style of his portraits, and given the brevity of the time he actually spent in Erie, it seems unlikely that Bowman had a significant influence on Billings.
Works.
Billings' first work that earned him public notice was a full-length portrait of first U.S. president George Washington. The painting was entitled "The Father Of His Country," and was paraded by two ponies in a political procession on September 10, 1840. The local newspaper reported the next day that "the great colored portrait of George Washington added color to the parade." This portrait was painted more to garner attention of the public eye, and it did not necessarily exemplify his style. However, it did help to begin his career as a permanent portrait artist in Erie. To make a living, Billings often had to also accept jobs that were not strictly portraiture, such as sign painting, furniture decorating, and other more craft-oriented tasks. However, unlike James Bowman a few decades earlier, Billings was successfully able to maintain a career as a portrait painter permanently located in Erie (though he did spend a few months at a time in larger cities when his business in Erie began to slow).
With the development of the daguerreotype in the 1840s, the role of the portrait painter declined in general, because it was now much easier and much cheaper to have one's likeness presented in a visual format. While many portrait painters lost business in competition with the daguerreotype, Billings instead began to produce daguerreotype prints himself. It is not known exactly which prints were made by Moses Billings, as daguerreotypes were usually signed, when signed at all, along the side of the plate. Due to the traditional storing methods of daguerreotype plates, even this signature usually quickly became illegible. However, it has been generally noted, or at least hypothesized, that his daguerreotype prints showed a level of talent and artistry above that of amateur daguerreotypists. Though it is not known exactly which prints were his, it is known that he had largely abandoned the process by the 1850s. Even after he stopped making daguerreotypes, he did continue to paint people's portraits on canvas.
In February 1846, Billings spent a good deal of time working in Washington, D.C. There, he painted portraits of various figures of political importance, most notably Dolley Madison and John Quincy Adams. The portrait of Adams is noted for its lack of the severity of expression with which Adams is often depicted, capturing what Adams himself called "the true portraiture of the heart". The Adams portrait is among the works in the permanent collection of Thiel College in Greenville, Pennsylvania. The portrait of Dolley Madison was lost sometime in the late 1920s, and remains missing to this day.
While Moses Billings never gained national recognition on a major scale, he had a great deal of success on the local scale as a portrait painter. He continued to paint until around 1880, when his deteriorating health no longer allowed him to do so. When he died in 1884, his work was displayed in Washington, D.C., Cincinnati, Cleveland, and various places in northwestern Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="36541910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541910" title="Moodorama">
Moodorama

moodorama was founded in 1998, and is a German musician's collective from Regensburg that is committed to electronic music. Moodorama's music is variously influenced by the genres jazz, lounge music, bossa nova and house music. Members of the group are Martin Sennebogen, Kerstin Huber, Bernhard Frank, Marco Köstler and Mario Malzer. Since 2007, moodorama has its own record label "music for collapsing people".

</doc>
<doc id="36541925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541925" title="Monnikenburenmolen, Nijhuizum">
Monnikenburenmolen, Nijhuizum

The Monnikenburenmolen or Nijhuizumermolen is a drainage mill in Nijhuizum, Friesland, Netherlands. It was restored in 2008 after it was only just saved from demolishment in 1994. It is a hollow post windmill of a type called "spinnenkop" by the Dutch. The mill is listed as a Rijksmonument, number 527646. It can help drain the polder and has been designated as a backup to the pumping station by the waterboard Wetterskip Fryslân.
History.
A mill was situated in this location in 1832. Originally it was equipped with a scoop wheel outside the mill. Later this was replaced by an Archimedes' screw. Before 1940 the mill body was removed and the screw was powered by a diesel engine placed in the substructure, which was replaced by an electric motor some time before 1970. In 1994 the remnants of the mill would have been demolished if mill enthusiasts had not prevented it. "Molenstichting Nijefurd" became owner of the mill in 2003. It was restored to working order in 2008.
Description.
The "Monnikenburenmolen" or "Nijhuizumermolen" is wat the Dutch describe as a "spinnenkop" (English: spiderhead mill). It is a small hollow post mill winded by a winch. The four common sails have a span of and are carried on a wooden "windshaft". The "brake wheel" on the windshaft drives the "wallower" at the top of the "upright shaft" in the weatherboarded body, which passed through the main post into the octagonal, thatched substructure. At the bottom of the "upright shaft", the "crown wheel" drives the Archimedes' screw. The screw is in diameter.
Public access.
The mill is open to the public by appointment on Saturday afternoons. It is easily accessible by a footpath leading to the mill from the public road.

</doc>
<doc id="36541928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541928" title="Erin Headley">
Erin Headley

Erin Headley is an American lirone player, teacher, and director of several early music groups. She teaches at Southampton University.
With lutenist Stephen Stubbs and Andrew Lawrence-King she was part of the ensemble Tragicomedia, then founded the ensemble Tirami Su. She has also performed regularly with flautist Nancy Hadden's ensemble Circa 1500. In 2007 she founded the ensemble Atalante, named after Atalante Migliorotti, a musician and lutenist who was commissioned by Isabella d'Este to make the first lirone in 1505.
Selected discography.
with Les Arts Florissants
Other ensembles

</doc>
<doc id="36541956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541956" title="Stefan Weisman">
Stefan Weisman

Stefan Weisman is an American composer of contemporary classical music. He composes opera, chamber music, orchestral music, as well as music for the theater, video and dance. In 2012, The Star-Ledger’s "Inside Jersey Magazine" selected him as one of twenty-one artists from New Jersey who are "breaking big."
His opera "Darkling", with a libretto by Anna Rabinowitz was commissioned, developed and produced in 2006 by American Opera Projects. Elements of composer Lee Hoiby’s song “The Darkling Thrush” were used as source material for the opera’s music. "Darkling" was included in the Guggenheim Museum's "Works & Process" series, and premiered at the East 13th Street Theater. In a New York Times review, Anthony Tommasini described Weisman’s music as "personal, moody and skillfully wrought." "Darkling" was released internationally by Albany Records in 2011. Of the CD, Gramophone Magazine wrote: “Weisman unfolds his emotional tapestry with confident strokes…resulting in something resembling a high-art radio drama.”
Weisman’s opera "Fade", with a libretto by David Cote, was commissioned and produced in 2008 by Second Movement Opera. Weisman is currently a resident artist at the HERE Arts Center, where he is developing an opera with Cote, based on the short story The Scarlet Ibis by author James Hurst.
He was a recipient of a 2007 commission from Bang on a Can, and his music has also been performed by the Miró Quartet, Lisa Moore, Anthony Roth Costanzo, and Newspeak. He wrote the music for the play Calabi-Yau. In 2012, when his song "Twinkie" was featured on the nationally syndicated program The Wendy Williams Show, the host said, "Very unique...You're not going to hear opera like this anywhere else...Fabulous!"
He studied composition at Bard College with Joan Tower and Daron Hagen, and at Yale University with David Lang, Jacob Druckman, Ezra Laderman and Martin Bresnick. He earned a Ph.D. from Princeton University in 2011, where he studied composition with Paul Lansky, Steven Mackey and Barbara White.
Presently, he is a music instructor at Bard High School Early College in Queens, NY. He has also taught at the Princeton University Department of Music, and Juilliard School’s Music Advancement Program, and the City College of New York.
Recordings.
2012: "Stefan Weisman: Darkling" Albany Records
2012: "Newspeak: Sweet Light Crude" New Amsterdam Records
2011: "Jody Redhage: of minutiae & memory" New Amsterdam Records

</doc>
<doc id="36541968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541968" title="Sigit Hermawan">
Sigit Hermawan

Sigit Hermawan (born October 25, 1990) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persib Bandung in the Indonesia Super League. He made his debut for Persib Bandung against Persiba, with only 10 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="36541969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541969" title="Atalante Migliorotti">
Atalante Migliorotti

Atalante Migliorotti (Florence, 1466 - 1532) was an Italian Renaissance musician, instrument maker and assistant de Leonardo da Vinci.
He was born of an illegitimate relationship. After being a pupil of Leonardo, who taught him music, he moved to Milan in 1482 to accompany his master. That same year, Vinci painted his portrait, which is probably lost today.
In 1491, according to the wishes of Isabella d'Este, he sang the lead role in the opera on Orfeo presented at the carnival in Marmirolo. His skills as a luteplayer and lutemaker led in 1493, to Isabella d'Este commissioning a guitar and then in 1505 a lirone, or twelve-stringed lyre.
He was also employed as coordinator of construction of St. Peter's Basilica.

</doc>
<doc id="36541970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541970" title="Napoléon Séguin">
Napoléon Séguin

Napoléon Séguin (December 13, 1865 – January 29, 1940) was a Canadian politician.
Born in Sainte Madeleine de Rigaud, Canada East, Séguin was acclaimed to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Montréal division no. 1 in 1908. A Liberal, he was re-elected in Montréal–Sainte-Marie in 1912, 1916, and 1919. He was a Minister without Portfolio in the cabinet of Lomer Gouin in 1919 and in the cabinet of Louis-Alexandre Taschereau in 1920.
He resigned in 1921 when he was appointed Governor of the Bordeaux Prison, a post he held until 1939.
He died in Montréal-Nord in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="36541971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541971" title="De Geeuwpoldermolen, Oppenhuizen">
De Geeuwpoldermolen, Oppenhuizen

The Geeuwpoldermolen (or Geau's Mole in Frisian) is a drainage mill near the twin village of Oppenhuizen, Friesland, Netherlands. It is a hollow post windmill of the type called "spinnenkop" by the Dutch. The mill is listed as a Rijksmonument, number 39810 and it is still in use for draining the Geeuwpolder. It was almost completely renewed at a restoration in 1987, earlier restorations were in 1954 and 1965.
History.
The exact year of construction is uncertain, 1832 or 1841 are mentioned. Though restored earlier, the mill was in a bad state of repair when Stichting De Fryske Mole became owner in 1981. It was scratched from the list of protected monuments and a permit for demolishment had already been given before the national government could be persuaded to at least pay for the yearly maintenance. Money was raised from other public and private parties and by selling postcards to pay for the four year restoration. In 1988 the work was completed and the windmill is currently in regular use to drain the Geeuwpolder. This polder is one of the last remaining "summer polders", it is only drained during the summer and allowed to flood in winter. The polder is now a nature reserve owned by Staatsbosbeheer (English: State Forest Management).
Description.
The "Geeuwpoldermolen" is wat the Dutch describe as a "spinnenkop" (English: spiderhead mill). It is a small hollow post mill winded by a winch. The four common sails have a span of and are carried on a wooden "windshaft". The "brake wheel" on the windshaft drives the "wallower" at the top of the "upright shaft" in the body, which passed through the main post into the substructure. At the bottom of the "upright shaft", the "crown wheel" drives the Archimedes' screw. The screw is in diameter.
Both body and substructure are weatherboarded with boulders attached to the four lower corners by chains to protect it against blowing over in a storm. It is supported on four brick pillars.
Public access.
The mill is open to the public by appointment. It is located on the bank of the Prinses Margrietkanaal and can only be reached by boat.

</doc>
<doc id="36541975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541975" title="Fiery Cross Reef">
Fiery Cross Reef

Fiery Cross Reef, also known as "Northwest Investigator Reef", "Yongshu Reef" (永暑礁) by the Chinese, "Kagitingan Reef" by the Filipino, and "Đá Chữ Thập" by the Vietnamese is a group of three reefs in the Spratly Islands in the South China Sea. 
It is controlled by China (PRC) as part of Sansha,
and claimed by the Philippines as part of Kalayaan, Palawan.
It has been occupied by the PRC since 1988 when a "Marine observation station" was built there. Proposals have been made to the Chinese government in 2014 to build artificial islands expanding from the Fiery Cross Reef to allow constructions of airstrips and seaports.

</doc>
<doc id="36541979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541979" title="Thaís Duarte Guedes">
Thaís Duarte Guedes

Thaís Duarte Guedes (born January 20, 1993), commonly known as Thaís Guedes or Thaisinha, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Vitória das Tabocas and the Brazil national team. She has competed at the 2008 and 2010 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup, 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup, and 2012 Summer Olympics tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36541989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541989" title="Doris Mooltje, Oudega">
Doris Mooltje, Oudega

Doris Mooltsje is a drainage mill near the village of Oudega, Friesland, Netherlands. It is a hollow post windmill of the type called "spinnenkop" by the Dutch. The mill is listed as a Rijksmonument, number 527647 and has been restored to working order in 1998.
History.
An inscription found on the substructure dates the mill to before 1790, making it one of the oldest still existing drainage mills in Friesland. It was named "Doris Mooltsje" after the last owner, Doris Hoekstra. In 1934 the windmill was partly dismantled, only the substructure was kept to house a pumping station. A re-allotment project made it superfluous and the remnants of the mill were to be torn down. "Stichting Doris Mooltsje" was founded in 1992 in an attempt to save and restore the windmill. The restoration project encountered a setback when the provincial government refused to put the mill on the provincial list of monuments, thereby creating difficulties in obtaining the necessary funds. Much work was done by volunteer labour too save costs on hiring a millwright. The mill was officially reopened in 1998.
Description.
"Doris Mooltsje" is wat the Dutch describe as a "spinnenkop" (English: spiderhead mill). It is a small hollow post mill winded by a winch. The four common sails have a span of , making it one of the largest of its type. (Only flourmill De Vlijt with a span of and the Roekmolen, span are larger). The sails are carried on a wooden "windshaft". The "brake wheel" on the windshaft drives the "wallower" at the top of the "upright shaft" in the body, which passed through the main post into the substructure. At the bottom of the "upright shaft", the "crown wheel" drives the Archimedes' screw. The screw is in diameter and raises the water . The body (called head on a spinnenkop) is weatherboarded, the octagonal substructure is covered with slate tiles and rests on a brick base.
Public access.
The mill is open to the public on most Saturdays and by appointment. It is located on the bank of the lake Oudegaaster Brekken next to a recreational bicycle path.

</doc>
<doc id="36542012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542012" title="Ljubomir Nenadović">
Ljubomir Nenadović

Ljubomir Nenadović (14 September 1826 — 21 January 1895) was Serbian writer, poet, translator, diplomat, minister of education and member of the Serbian Royal Academy.
Family.
Ljubomir was born in Brankovina, Valjevo, Principality of Serbia, to father Prota Mateja Nenadović, of the affluent Nenadović family. His father was Serbian archpriest, writer and leader in the First Serbian Uprising; he was appointed Prime Minister 27 Aug 1805 - Jan 1807 by President Karađorđe. Ljubomir's uncle Sima and his grandfather's brother Jakov also fought in the Serbian Revolution, and served the Serbian revolutionary government. His grandfather was Aleksa Nenadović (1749-1804), one of the first victims of the Slaughter of the Dukes on the 31st of January 1804.
Life.
He graduated at gymnasium in Belgrade and began to attend lyceum. In period between 1844 and 1848 he studied at universities in Prague, Berlin and Heidelberg. After he returned to Serbia in 1848 he became professor at lyceum. During this period he befriended Petar II Petrović-Njegoš and years later wrote in his "Pisma iz Italije" (Letter from Italy) the experience of traveling with Njegoš in Italy and observing him as a ruler at the court in Cetinje. His narrative on Njegoš was published some twenty and forty years after Njegoš's death (1851).
In 1850 Nenadović founded the literary review Šumadinka (). This magazine he edited and published between 1850 and 1857 sometimes together with almanac Šumadinče () in which he published his father's manuscripts about the First Serbian uprising, ("Rukopisi Prote Mateje Nenadovića"). Until 1857 he was employed with Ministry of education and internal affairs. He corresponded with writers Đorđe Rajković (1825-1886), Ludwig August von Frankl, Vuk Stefanović Karadžić, and Milica Stojadinović-Srpkinja to whom he dedicated a poem. In 1857 he went to Cetinje in Montenegro. He had frequent correspondence with Montenegrin Knjaz Danilo and organized delivery of one printing press to him. In 1858 he was secretary of the mission of Principality of Serbia in Istanbul. In 1859 he was appointed to be head of the Ministry of Education. In 1868 he retired and lived in Valjevo until 1874 when he left for Montenegro where he stayed until 1878. From 1878 until his death in 1895 he lived in Valjevo.
Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts.
The first academicians to be appointed in the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts on the 5th of April 1887 were four for each professional academy. The first members of the Academy of Natural Sciences were Josif Pančić, Dimitrije Nešić, Ljubomir Klerić and Jovan Žujović; in the Academy of Philosophical Sciences these were Stojan Novaković, Milan Kujundžić Aberdar, Svetislav Vulović and Svetomir Nikolajević; first members of the Academy of Social Sciences were Čedomilj Mijatović, Milan Milićević, Ljubomir Kovačević (1848-1918) and Panta Srećković; and in the Academy of Arts: Ljubomir Nenadović, Matija Ban, Mihailo Valtrović and Davorin Jenko. The oldest member, Josif Pančić, was appointed president and the youngest member, Jovan Žujović, was temporarily chosen as permanent secretary.
Selected bibliography.
The first texts he wrote were published in "Podunavka" magazine in 1843.
His prose works include:
Legacy.
A library in Valjevo is named after him. There is a plaquette named after Ljubomir P Nenadović. It is awarded every year since 1994 by Kolubara magazine to Valjevo citizen of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="36542015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542015" title="Wyoming High School">
Wyoming High School


</doc>
<doc id="36542026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542026" title="1983 Washington State Cougars football team">
1983 Washington State Cougars football team

The 1983 Washington State Cougars football team represented Washington State University in the 1983 NCAA Division I-A football season as a member of the Pacific-10 Conference (Pac-10). The team was led by head coach Jim Walden, in his sixth year, and played their home games at Joe Albi Stadium in Spokane and at Martin Stadium in Pullman, Washington. They finished the season with a record of seven wins and four losses (7–4, 5–3 Pac-10).

</doc>
<doc id="36542030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542030" title="De Himriksmole, Tytsjerk">
De Himriksmole, Tytsjerk

Himriksmole, also known as Groene Ster after the recreational area and nature reserve where it is located, is a drainage mill near the village of Tytsjerk, Friesland, Netherlands. It is a hollow post windmill of the type called "spinnenkop" by the Dutch. The mill is listed as a Rijksmonument, number 35675 and is used to raise the water level in the nature reserve.
History.
The mill was originally build for draining the Hemrikspolder near Huizum, for which parts of an 18th-century mill from Wergea were used. It was replaced by an electric pumping station and moved to Rijperkerk in 1952 and to its current location in 1977 where it got a new function to supply water to the nature reserve. The mill was destroyed by arson in 1995 but rebuilt the following year.
Description.
"Himriksmole" is wat the Dutch describe as a "spinnenkop" (English: spiderhead mill). It is a small hollow post mill winded by a winch. The four common sails have a span of and are carried on a cast iron "windshaft". The "brake wheel" on the windshaft drives the "wallower" at the top of the "upright shaft" in the body (called head on a spinnenkop), which passed through the main post into the substructure. At the bottom of the "upright shaft", a pair of "crown wheels" drive the scoop wheel axle. The Scoop wheel itself is located outside the mill. It is the only drainage mill with a scoop wheel in Friesland, other Frisian drainage mills use an Archimedes' screw. The head and substructure are weatherboarded.
Public access.
The mill is easily reached from the public footpath running past the mill.

</doc>
<doc id="36542047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542047" title="Fairmount Park Civic League">
Fairmount Park Civic League

The Fairmount Park Civic League is committed to effectively serving the residents and businesses of nine neighborhoods and the City of Norfolk, Virginia. The organization is recognized as a local leader, an advocate and a resource in assuring that Fairmount Park is a safe, clean, attractive and vital neighborhood to live and play. The Fairmount Park Civic League formed in May 1980 and originally represented the neighborhoods of Fairmount Park, Willard Park, Lafayette Annex, Fairmount Manor, Lafayette Manor, Lafayette Terrace and Belmont Place. Later, Bell’s Farm and the Kent Park neighborhoods were added. Today, the league represents over 2,300 households and is the one of the largest civic leagues in Norfolk. The League oversees that the Fairmount Park neighborhoods are safe, aesthetically appealing, fiscally viable and family-oriented communities with excellent educational, social, recreational, and cultural opportunities fostering a strong and diverse residential and business community, with concern for ecological stewardship and cooperation with other city bodies and agencies.
The input of all citizens in the community continues to be of the highest priority of the Civic League. The membership continues to grow as the organization continues to move forward on planning initiatives and revitalization. The Leagues' work along with city and other partnerships, has created a clean and quiet neighborhood, with a high percentage of owner occupied units (over 70% average versus city average over 50%) and dropping crime rates. 
Accomplishments.
An overview of major accomplishments of the Fairmount Park Civic League (1980–2013)
Fairmount Voice—1980.
October 1980 saw the first publication of the Fairmount Voice, the monthly Civic League newsletter that each household receives.
Lafayette Boulevard Business Association—1997.
In 1997, the Lafayette Boulevard Business Association was formed.
Market Study—2000.
The city studied market conditions and made recommendations for the Five Points and Fairmount Park commercial areas.
Fairmount Park Task Force—2001.
Working with the City’s Planning Department for many years, the Civic League drafted a vision for the neighborhood and convinced City Council to commission a study for an Action Plan and charter a Task Force.
Neighborhood Implementation Plan—2004.
In 2004, the City Council adopted the Fairmount Park Neighborhood Implementation Plan for the revitalization of the neighborhood.
Model Block Program Grants/Loans and Redevelopment Status—2007.
In April 2007, after years of the Civic League asking for grants for homeowners, the neighborhood became a redevelopment area receiving grants and loan programs for eligible homeowners for improvements to their respective properties. The area of coverage was expanded in 2008 and 2010. Redevelopment activities are focused on Lafayette Blvd with the City acquiring properties with a redevelopment plan.
Neighborhood Watch Program—2007.
The Civic League formed the Neighborhood Watch program in Septem-ber of 2007 to bring the community together and instill quiet. To date, the Watch has grown to be the largest in the City, with over 40 Captains covering more than 50 blocks in the neighborhood. Crime has dropped, pride is back. New residents are asked to join the Watch on their block.
Shoop Park Grand Opening—2008.
After 10 years of planning from the League, residents and children alike welcomed the reopening of Shoop Park in July 2008. The five acre park was completely redesigned including basketball courts, volleyball courts, playgrounds, walking trails with exercise stations, open space and a splash park. The park now is the centerpiece for the community.
Beautification Committee—2008.
An integral part to the further strengthening and rehabilitation of the neighborhood housing stock, the Civic League formed a committee of citizens focused on working with area homeowners to repair building code issues with the goal of bringing all housing up to code. The Committee is unique in Norfolk as the only Civic League to post code violations on properties, work with homeowners, and follow-up with assistance with the League's Neighbors Helping Neighbors Program. As of 2013, the League has, without city enforcement, brought over 500 properties up to code through monitoring of the housing stock. The committee was renamed the 'Codes and Beautification Committee' in 2010.
Fairmount Park Youth Civic League—2009.
The Youth League is composed of youth ages 4–18 who want to make a difference by volunteering, hosting events at Shoop Park and giving back to their community. The Youth League also takes part in field trips and fund raising.
City of Norfolk 'COOL' Award-2010.
The league was awarded the Civic Opportunity and Outstanding Leadership (COOL) Award for comprehensive efforts through a beautification committee that addresses code and ordinance education, outreach to help senior citizens and military spouses with limited income or resources on yard work, minor home repairs and cosmetic improvements, and a variety of community building events.
Model Community for Neighbors Building Neighborhoods Program.
The Fairmount Park Civic League was the role model for effective and resident-driven community building techniques and programs for the new City of Norfolk initiative 'Neighbors Building Neighborhoods in 2011 by city manager Marcus Jones.
Neighborhood Project of the Year Award Winner—2011.
The League was recognized by the Virginia Statewide Neighborhood Conference for creating a comprehensive education and outreach strategy, strengthening neighbor relationships, and building strong partnerships with community stakeholders and the City of Norfolk.
National Night Out Host Neighborhood-2012.
Fairmount Park hosted the National Night Out event at Shoop Park on August 7. The event, included an opening ceremony, a street parade and a main event with live entertainment, food, recreational activities and information for residents on neighborhood and city agencies and programs.
Pope and Somme Wetland Restoration--2013.
In the fall of 2009, the Fairmount Park Civic League (FPCL) began doing quarterly cleanups of a stream and tidal wetland area at the corner of Pope Avenue and Somme Avenue which for years had been an overgrown dumping ground. The site offered a good location to showcase an entrance into the 1920’s urban neighborhood as well as an environmental educational opportunity for the community. Working with the Lafayette Wetlands Partnership (LWP), the city of Norfolk’s Bureau of Environmental Services began cutting and spraying the invasive phragmites species that had overgrown the site. Meanwhile the League worked with area residents and community stakeholders including commercial businesses to design a native wetland restoration. In 2012 FPCL applied for a Block by Block Grant with the City’s Neighbors Building Neighborhoods Program (the program is based on the FPCL role model) to enable the site to be fully replanted. Also in 2012, FPCL won a Community Improvement Grant sponsored by Lowes Corporation which paid for new benches, trash cans, the city’s 1st recycle installation. On March 16 2013, the Pope and Somme Wetlands pocket park welcomed new life for the community as an educational wetland restoration site. The project has galvanized the interest of residents in a more comprehensive shoreline restoration effort on the Lafayette River. In October 2013, the Pope and Somme Wetlands Restoration won the Award of Excellence, Rivers & Watershed Protection, by the Norfolk Environmental Commission.
Lafayette Boulevard Streetscape/Gateway Project--2013.
With the help of the city council, design for Phase One of the new Lafayette Boulevard Streetscape and Gateway project began with a series of community meetings to get feedback and community needs addressed for the re-working of Lafayette Boulevard between Lyons Avenue and Lens Avenue. The project intends to narrow the driving lanes, remove on-street parking, creating a planted raised median with new overhead lighting, 6' wide sidewalks and planted verges between the street and the sidewalks. Decorative crosswalks, new pedestrian lighting, neighborhood signage and community art will further enhance the corridor. Final approval is expected January 2014 with construction slated for spring/summer 2014 and is phase one of a multi-phase redevelopment effort of this important community feature.
Fairmount Park Community Garden--2014.
After an extensive design process with the Youth Civic League and the community, the Youth Civic League plans to construct the first community garden within the Fairmount Park neighborhood boundaries. The garden will be located in the 2700 block of Chesapeake Boulevard and will serve the greater community.

</doc>
<doc id="36542058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542058" title="Valentyne">
Valentyne

Valentyne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36542064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542064" title="Teetlum, Tzum">
Teetlum, Tzum

Teetlum, (Frisian: Teatlum) after a nearby terp, also known as Duivenhok named after the polder it drained, is a drainage mill near the village of Tzum, Friesland, Netherlands. It is a hollow post windmill of the type called "spinnenkop" by the Dutch. The mill is listed as a Rijksmonument, number 15877 and can be used to drain the adjacent polder.
History.
The mill was built around 1800 for draining the private polder Kramershoek, also known as Duivenhok. A merger of several polders around Tzum that was proposed in 1910 which would have left the mill without function and threatened its survival, however the plans were called off in 1924. Around 1960 the gearing was changed so the Archimedes' screw could be powered by a tractor. The windmill then fell into disrepair and was heavily damaged by a storm in April 1973 when the windshaft and sails were thrown to the ground. The head was repaired in 1975 and new stocks fitted in 1986, but the drainage function was not restored until later. In 2010 a stock broke. The stocks were again renewed in 2012, together with the wooden windshaft.
Description.
"Teetlum" is wat the Dutch describe as a "spinnenkop" (English: spiderhead mill). It is a small hollow post mill winded by a winch. The four common sails have a span of and are carried on a wooden "windshaft". The "brake wheel" on the windshaft drives the "wallower" at the top of the "upright shaft" in the body (called head on a spinnenkop), which passed through the main post into the substructure. At the bottom of the upright shaft is the "crown wheel" which drives the wooden Archimedes' screw. The body (called head on a spinnenkop) and octagonal substructure are weatherboarded.
Public access.
The mill is not open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="36542069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542069" title="Valenza (disambiguation)">
Valenza (disambiguation)

Valenza is a "comune" in Italy.
Valenza may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36542079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542079" title="Peter schießt den Vogel ab">
Peter schießt den Vogel ab

Peter schießt den Vogel ab is a 1959 West German film directed by Géza von Cziffra.

</doc>
<doc id="36542095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542095" title="Valpey">
Valpey

Valpey is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36542106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542106" title="Fatum, Tzum">
Fatum, Tzum

Fatum is a drainage mill near the village of Tzum, Friesland, Netherlands. It is a hollow post windmill of the type called "spinnenkop" by the Dutch. The mill is listed as a Rijksmonument, number 15876 and is in working order though it can no longer be used for drainage.
History.
The substructure probably dates from the 18th century and still carries traces of the damage caused when it caught fire during storms in 1914 and 1915, after which the mill was rebuilt.
A merger of several polders around Tzum that was proposed in 1910 would have left the mill without function and threatened its survival, however the plans were called off in 1924. At some time in the second half of the 20th century the stocks were fitted with patent sails. These were replaced by common sails when the mill was restored in 1969 by millwright De Roos, though the Fauël leading edge on one stock was retained. During the restoration in 1989 amongst others the stocks and windshaft were replaced.
Description.
"Fatum" is what the Dutch describe as a "spinnenkop" (English: spiderhead mill). It is a small hollow post mill winded by a winch. The mill has common sails. The outer stock has a span of and is fitted with Fauël system leading edges, while the inner stock has a span of . The steel stocks are carried on a cast iron "windshaft" cast by Gieterij Hardinxveld as number 30 in 1989. The "brake wheel" on the windshaft drives the "wallower" at the top of the "upright shaft" in the body (called head on a spinnenkop), which passed through the main post into the substructure. At the bottom of the upright shaft is the "crown wheel" which drives the wooden Archimedes' screw. The body (called head on a spinnenkop) and substructure are weatherboarded.
Public access.
The mill is open to the public on appointment.

</doc>
<doc id="36542109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542109" title="Valeriani">
Valeriani

Valeriani is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36542110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542110" title="Terri Attwood">
Terri Attwood

Teresa (Terri) K. Attwood is a Professor of Bioinformatics in the School of Computer Science and Faculty of Life Sciences at the University of Manchester. She is a former Royal Society University Research Fellow and visiting fellow at the European Bioinformatics Institute (EMBL-EBI).
Education.
Attwood gained her Bachelor of Science in Biophysics from the University of Leeds in 1982. She was awarded a PhD, also in Biophysics, two years later, in 1984 under the supervision of John E. Lydon studying chromonic mesophases. Attwood undertook postdoctoral research at Leeds until 1993, when she moved to University College London for five years before moving to the University of Manchester in 1999.
Research.
Her research concerns protein sequence alignment and protein analysis. 
Inspired by the creation of PROSITE, Attwood developed a method of protein fingerprinting and used this to establish the PRINTS database. With Amos Bairoch she sought to unify work on protein family classification and annotation, eventually jointly securing a European Union grant with Rolf Apweiler to establish InterPro, with Pfam, ProDom and Swiss-Prot/TrEMBL as consortium partners in 1997. 
Attwood has led major projects including the BioMinT FP5 text-mining consortium, the EMBER bioinformatics education consortium (including EBI and Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics as partners), and the EPSRC PARADIGM Platform. She is the Manchester principal investigator on projects SeqAhead (Next-generation sequencing data analysis network) and AllBio (bioinformatics infrastructure for unicellular, animal and plant sciences), and was also Manchester PI on EMBRACE and EuroKUP (kidney and urine proteomics). Attwood was a member of ELIXIR’s Bioinformatics Training Strategy Committee (Work Package 11) during ELIXIR's preparatory phase. She is currently Chair of the EMBnet Global Bioinformatics Network, she sits on the Executive Committees of the International Society for Biocuration, and the Bioinformatics Training Network, and was recently elected to the Board of Directors of the International Society for Computational Biology. She is spearheading the establishment of a Global Organisation for Bioinformatics Learning, Education and Training (GOBLET), with the major bioinformatics, computational biology and biocuration societies, networks and organisations as partners.
As well as being a biocurator she has co-developed tools to align and visualise protein sequences and structures, including Ambrosia and CINEMA. The group are building re-usable software components to create useful bioinformatics applications through UTOPIA (Bioinformatics tools), and are developing new approaches for automatic annotation and text mining, like PRECIS, METIS, BioIE, and semantic approaches to data integration, such as the Semantic Biochemical Journal published by Portland Press. The UTOPIA tools underpin both the Semantic Biochemical Journal and a collaborative project with Pfizer and AstraZeneca to develop a 21st-century interface to biomedical literature and data management.
Attwood's research has received funding from the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council, the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council, the Wellcome Trust, the European Union and industry.
Teaching.
Attwood teaches on undergraduate and postgraduate courses and has been doctoral advisor or co-supervisor to several successful PhD students. Attwood has co-authored several book chapters and two popular bioinformatics textbooks: "Introduction to Bioinformatics" and "Bioinformatics and Molecular Evolution".
Academic service.
Attwood serves on the editorial board of the Biochemical Journal, Database: The Journal of Biological Databases and Curation, Molecular and Cellular Proteomics, the Journal of Molecular Graphics and Modelling and the EMBnet.journal.

</doc>
<doc id="36542117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542117" title="GE Dash 7 Series">
GE Dash 7 Series

The Dash 7 Series is a line of diesel-electric freight locomotives built by GE Transportation Systems. It replaced the Universal Series in the mid-1970s, and was superseded by the Dash 8 Series in the mid-1980s.
Specifications.
All models of the Dash 7 Series are powered by a 12-cylinder or 16-cylinder, turbocharged, GE 7FDL 4-stroke diesel engine carried over from the Universal Series, and have speed-based adhesion control with a multi-channel LED annunciator panel.
Dash 7 Series traction motors are powered by direct current.
Construction history.
The Dash 7's predecessor, the Universal Series, had been introduced in the 1950s, and with its innovative body structure, it had initially been greeted favourably by the market. However, GM-EMD had then developed the GP30 model to compete with it; GP30 production had commenced in 1961. Over many years, the GP30's reliability had given it a sales advantage, and when EMD introduced its successor, the Dash 2, in 1972, the Universal Series became completely obsolete. The Dash 7 Series was intended to redress the ensuing imbalance between the two competing manufacturers.
GE commenced production of the Dash 7 Series in 1976. By the time Dash 7 production ceased in 1985, about 2,800 Dash 7 locomotives had been built - roughly the same number of units as the total production of the Universal Series. By contrast, EMD built more than 8,000 Dash 2 locomotives.
Although the Dash 7 Series failed to surpass the Dash 2 in terms of market share, its 4-stroke engine returned better fuel consumption figures than the 2-stroke engine fitted to GM-EMD locomotives after the 1970s oil crisis. The Dash 7 Series was therefore positively received.
Nomenclature.
The naming of the Dash 7 Series, and that of its various models, is based upon wheel arrangement and power output. So, for example, "B30-7" designates a B-B configured Dash 7 Series locomotive.
Four axle models.
Common features.
Specifications common to all Dash 7 Series four axle models are as follows:
B23-7.
This model was manufactured between 1977 and 1984 and was fitted with a 12-cylinder 7FDL12 engine.
It replaced GE's U23B, and competed with the very successful EMD GP38-2. 
A total of 537 B23-7s were built for 9 U.S. customers and 2 Mexican customers.
Southern Railway's 54 units had Southern's "standard" high-short-hoods.
These engines are frequently rebuilt as a Control Car Remote Control Locomotive (CCRCL), due to their low value on the used locomotive market.
BQ23-7.
The BQ23-7 model was a variant of the B23-7 built between 1978 and 1979.
It was mechanically identical to the B23-7.
The 'Q' in the model designation stood for "crew Quarters", and referred to the model's enlarged operating cab for accommodating the train crew.
Only ten were built, all for the Seaboard Coast Line railroad. They were nicknamed "Busses" by the operating crews and "Aegis Cruisers" by some railfans, due to their boxy shape.
B30-7.
The B30-7 was of similar length to the B23-7, but was equipped with a more powerful 16-cylinder 7FDL16 engine. It replaced the U30B model.
Between December 1977 and May 1982, a total of 279 units of the B30-7 model were produced.
These production numbers include the three different B30-7A variants described below.
All of the B30-7s were built for U.S. customers.
B30-7A.
This model was a variant of the B30-7 fitted with a 12 cylinder 7FDL12 engine generating the same power output as the B30-7.
Three different versions of the B30-7A variant were produced.
B30-7As were built only for the Missouri Pacific Railroad and are externally identical to the 16 cylinder B30-7.
Cabless B30-7As were built only for the Burlington Northern Railroad.
B30-7A1s were built only for the Southern Railway.
B36-7.
The B36-7 model was manufactured between 1980 and 1985, and was fitted with a 16-cylinder 7FDL16 engine. 
The model was designed as a successor to the U36B.
A total of 222 B36-7's were built for North American railroads, and a further eight units were delivered to a Columbian coal mining operation.
The largest customer for the model was Seaboard System, which became part of CSX Transportation in 1986.
Seaboard System took delivery of 120 B36-7s; the model's second biggest customer, Conrail, acquired 60 units.
Six axle models.
Common features.
Specifications common to all Dash 7 Series six axle models are as follows:
C30-7.
The C30-7 model was manufactured between 1976 and 1986 and was fitted with a 16-cylinder 7FDL12 engine.
It replaced the U30C model. 
A total of 1,137 C30-7s were built, all of them for North American railroads.
These production numbers include the 50 C30-7A variants described below.
Approximately half of the C30-7s have since been exported to Brazil after being sold by their original owners.
C30-7A.
This model was a variant of the C30-7 fitted with a 12-cylinder 7FDL12 engine generating the same power output as the B30-7.
The smaller engine used less fuel than the 16-cylinder version.
A total of 50 C30-7As were built in mid-1984, and delivered to Conrail.
They are externally similar to the C30-7, except that they have six tall hood doors per side (in place of eight).
In 2003, nineteen C30-7As were rebuilt and exported to Estonia as C30-7Ais. 
C36-7.
The C36-7 model was manufactured between 1978 and 1989, and was fitted with a 16-cylinder 7FDL16 engine. 
Most were made in the United States, but GE do Brasil built 15 C36-7s for Ferrocarriles Nacionales de México.
A total of 599 units of the model were built; 422 of them were exported to the People's Republic of China, which designated it ND5.
The largest North American customer for the C36-7 was Missouri Pacific Railroad, which took delivery of 60 units.
In 1982, Missouri Pacific merged with Union Pacific; in 2003, all but two of the MP/UP C36-7s were exported to Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="36542120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542120" title="Valeriev">
Valeriev

Valeriev is a Bulgarian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36542122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542122" title="Oakes National Bank Block">
Oakes National Bank Block

The Oakes National Bank Block on Main Avenue in Oakes, North Dakota was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
The site is located in Oakes' central business district with retail businesses on the ground floor and office/residential space on the second floor. Its listing on the National Register was based on the structure's outstanding quality of design and its contribution to the city's commercial development.

</doc>
<doc id="36542133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542133" title="Big Eight Conference Baseball Tournament">
Big Eight Conference Baseball Tournament

The Big Eight Conference Baseball Tournament was the conference baseball championship of the NCAA Division I Big Eight Conference from 1976 through 1996. The winner of the tournament received an automatic berth to the NCAA Division I Baseball Championship. Throughout the tournament's history, the event was held in Oklahoma City, OK. Oklahoma State won seventeen titles, including the final sixteen. Oklahoma and Missouri won two titles each.
Champions.
By year.
The following is a list of conference champions and sites listed by year.
By school.
The following is a list of conference champions listed by school.

</doc>
<doc id="36542135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542135" title="Kentenia, Kentucky">
Kentenia, Kentucky

Kentenia is an unincorporated community and coal town in Harlan County, Kentucky, United States. Kentenia was served by a post office from 1917 to 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="36542138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542138" title="Yanuar Tri Firmanda">
Yanuar Tri Firmanda

Yanuar Tri Firmanda (born on January 31, 1980 in Malang) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persiba Balikpapan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36542139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542139" title="Risto Aaltonen">
Risto Aaltonen

Risto Aaltonen (born 16 March 1939) is a Finnish actor. He became known in Finland for his roles as Kalle in the sixties series "Hanski" and for his role as a gangster in the 1969 comedy film "Leikkikalugangsteri". In the 1960s and 1970s he also did some work as a film and theatre director.

</doc>
<doc id="36542142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542142" title="Macrodontia batesi">
Macrodontia batesi

Macrodontia batesi is a species in the "Macrodontia" genus of long-horned beetles. This species is among the largest beetles, and specimens have been known to exceed in length. A fair bit of this length, however, is due to the enormous mandibles.
Distribution.
This species is known from the rain forests of Guatemala, Honduras, and Panama. Unconfirmed reports of beetles in the Macrodontia genus have also been recorded in Southern Mexico.
Additional described species in the genus extend the overall range of the genus from Guatemala to Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="36542149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542149" title="Kitts, Kentucky">
Kitts, Kentucky

Kitts is an unincorporated community and coal town in Harlan County, Kentucky, United States. Their Post Office is closed.

</doc>
<doc id="36542152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542152" title="While You're Out Looking for Sugar">
While You're Out Looking for Sugar

"While You're Out Looking For Sugar" is a song by Honey Cone and appears on their 1970 album "Take Me with You". It was covered by English soul singer-songwriter Joss Stone from her sixth studio album, "The Soul Sessions Volume 2". The track was released on June 15, 2012, and is marketed as the lead single from the album.
Music video.
A music video to accompany the release of "While You're Out Looking For Sugar" was first released onto YouTube on 1 July 2012 at a total length of three minutes and twenty-one seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="36542168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542168" title="Louellen, Kentucky">
Louellen, Kentucky

Louellen is an unincorporated community and coal town in Harlan County, Kentucky, United States. Their post office is closed.

</doc>
<doc id="36542174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542174" title="Devendro Singh">
Devendro Singh

Laishram Devendro Singh (born 2 March 1992) is an Indian boxer from Imphal West district, Manipur who competes in the light-flyweight division. Devendro represented India at the 2012 Summer Olympics and lost out in the quarter finals in a tough bout against Irish boxer Paddy Barnes. Devendro qualified for the Olympics after reaching the quarter-finals of the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Baku. In 2013 Devendro won the silver medal at the Asian Confederation Boxing Championship. Devendro is a strong contender for India for the 2016 Olympics. He is supported by Anglian Medal Hunt Company, a company that supports young Indian athletes towards international competitive success, with an especial aim at the Olympics.
Personal life.
Devendro was born in Imphal West district, Manipur, India, to parents Jugindro Singh and Maklembi Devi. His sister, Sushila Devi, is a former national boxing champion. Sushila helps her brother with his training. "India Today" quoted him as saying: "I have a supportive family at home. My sister Sushila does the job of an analyst for me. She watches all my bouts and those of my prospective opponents on YouTube and helps me in strategising."
Olympic qualification.
Qualification for the boxing at the 2012 Summer Olympics was based on the World Series of Boxing (WSB) Individual Championships, 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships and five Continental Olympic Qualifying Events. 92 places were reserved from World Amateur Boxing Championships, held in Baku, Azerbaijan from 22 September 2011 to 10 October 2011, from which the top 10 pugilists from different National Olympic Committees in each weight class qualified for the Games. He was coached by the Manipur State Boxing Coach M Narjit Singh and Indian Boxing Coach Gurbaksh Singh Sandhu.
Devendro Singh participated in the World Amateur Boxing Championships. He was selected after his performance in the trials for the World Championships held in the Army Sports Institute. He defeated Asian Amateur Boxing Championships silver medallists Nanao Singh Thokchom and Amandeep Singh during the trials. Devendro earned the Olympic berth after reaching at the quarter-finals, where he lost to South Korean opponent Shin Jong-Hun by a points difference of 16 to 28. He was little known before the tournament and his achievement was unanticipated.
2012 Summer Olympics.
Devendro qualified for the quarter-finals after defeating the 2008 Beijing Olympics silver medalist Pürevdorjiin Serdamba 16-11. He then faced Paddy Barnes of Ireland, winner of the bronze at the 2008 Olympics; Devendro lost 23-18 against Barnes and was knocked out of the Olympics on 8 August 2012.
2013.
Devendro bagged silver in the ASBC Asian Confederation Boxing Championship and further added a bronze to his tally during the FXTM International Limassol Boxing Cup. Devendro Singh is currently ranked World No. 3 by the International Boxing Association.
2014.
In February, Devendro won a gold at the Bocskai Invitation Tournament in Hungary. He was the only gold medalist for India in the tournament.
Devendro was presented with Vishisht Seva Medal for distinguished service at an investiture ceremony at the Eastern Army headquarters. He was the youngest and only Junior Commissioned Officer among the eight who received it.

</doc>
<doc id="36542184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542184" title="2012 Gorno-Badakhshan clashes">
2012 Gorno-Badakhshan clashes

The Gorno-Badakhshan clashes consisted of fighting between Tajik government forces and an armed group led by Tolib Ayombekov in Tajikistan's semi-autonomous Gorno-Badakhshan province in late July 2012. The Western media described the fighting as the worst in Tajikistan since 2010 or the 1992–1997 civil war.
Background.
On 21 July 2012, Major-General Abdullo Nazarov, head of the Tajik intelligence agency's branch in Gorno-Badakhshan, was fatally stabbed in Ishkashim after being dragged out of his car. The Tajik government accused the forces of Tolib Ayombekov, a former warlord, of responsibility. Ayombekov had been a warlord during the Tajik Civil War between the United Tajik Opposition and the government as led by President Emomali Rakhmon. He was given a government post in a subsequent peace deal. However, Ayombekov and other warlords were gradually driven out as Rakhmon again centralised power. Rakhmon's government had also accused Ayombekov of tobacco smuggling.
Ayombekov denied any responsibility for Nazarov's death, stating that the general had been killed in a simple bar fight after he fell and struck his head on a rock.
Clashes.
After the government announced that "Ayombekov and his accomplices have declined to face justice," phone and internet communications were cut off to the Gorno-Badakhshan capital of Khorog. Tajikistan's most popular news website was also shut down and the personnel of international aid groups were evacuated. Roadblocks were erected on roads leading into the area.
Tajik military forces then moved into the province after which "heavy fighting" ensued on 24 July with militants loyal to Ayombekov in the streets of Khorog. Ayombekov estimated in an interview that 800 Tajik soldiers had been deployed to the area. Residents reported seeing armored vehicles and helicopter gunships.
State-owned television reported that 23 soldiers had been wounded, but no soldiers or civilians had been killed. Initial casualty reports varied. BBC News reported at least 12 soldiers and 30 militants had been killed, but also spoke with a hospital source who reported more than 100 military personnel and 100 civilians dead. The Associated Press cited an unnamed government source as stating that at least twenty soldiers had been killed, while the chief military prosecutor, Khairullo Saidov, suffered a foot injury. Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty reported that snipers had killed at least six civilians, including children. Al Jazeera reported 12 dead soldiers and 30 dead rebels, as well as more than 20 wounded soldiers.
President Rakhmon ordered a halt to operations the following day, stating that rebel commanders had agreed to make "concessions," and called on all Gorno-Badakhshan militant groups to disarm. Reuters reported that Defence Minister Sherali Khairulloyev had traveled to the area to offer amnesty to all militant leaders who surrendered.

</doc>
<doc id="36542192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542192" title="SK Snøgg">
SK Snøgg

Sportsklubben Snøgg is a Norwegian multi-sports club from Notodden. It was founded on 5 March 1905.
The men's football team played in the highest league for the 1951–52 season. After the 1999 season, the team merged with Heddal IL's men's team to form Notodden FK. Notodden FK is a second-tier club.
Snøgg is now a decent athletics club. Their first medal in the Norwegian athletics championships, a gold medal, was taken by Jonas Lie in 1908. He won the javelin throw with both hands in 1908 and 1910, and the discus throw with both hands in 1909. In addition, he won four silver medals and two bronze medals. Next, Halvor Øien won the javelin event in 1917 and 1918, and also took two silver and three bronze. Since then, the club has had two Norwegian champions, Grete Etholm in the discus throw (first time 2001) and Christian Settemsli Mogstad in the sprints (first time 2008). High jumper Olav Aarnes did not win any national medals, but was a 1912 Olympian.
Two Olympic wrestlers have represented the club; silver medalist in 1948 Aage Eriksen (also participated in 1952) and Håkon Olsen (participated in 1952).

</doc>
<doc id="36542208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542208" title="Pee Vee, Harlan County, Kentucky">
Pee Vee, Harlan County, Kentucky

Pee Vee was an unincorporated community and coal town in Harlan County, Kentucky, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36542232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542232" title="White Star, Kentucky">
White Star, Kentucky

White Star was an unincorporated community and Coal town in Harlan County, Kentucky, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36542239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542239" title="Cuarteron Reef">
Cuarteron Reef

Cuarteron Reef ("Huayang Jiao" 华阳礁 in Chinese; "Calderon Reef" in Filipino; "đá Châu Viên" in Vietnamese) is a reef located at (), at the east end of the London Reefs in the Spratly Islands of the South China Sea.
It is controlled by China as part of Sansha, and claimed by the Philippines as part of Kalayaan, Palawan. It has a supply platform and a reef fortress. The supply platform has anti-aircraft guns, naval guns, search radars and radio communications equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="36542256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542256" title="Spinnenkop Wedderveer">
Spinnenkop Wedderveer

Spinnenkop Wedderveer is a wind powered sawmill in the village of Wedderveer, Groningen, Netherlands. It is a hollow post windmill of the type called "spinnenkop" by the Dutch built on top of a brick shed. The mill is listed as a Rijksmonument, number 388083 and is in working order.
History.
The mill was designed by architect Luitje Wiersema and built by the first owner and operator Eiko Jan Feunekes in 1938 to saw lumber from his oak plantation. After Feunekes death in 1940 ownership of the mill changed several times and by 1985 the mill was in such a bad state of repair that it was under threat of dismantlement. It was saved from this fate by obtaining monument status in 1990. The new owners A. Dost and O. Schaver managed to restore the mill in 1997 using government subsidies.
Description.
The "mill of Wedderveen" is wat the Dutch describe as a "spinnenkop" (English: spiderhead mill). It is a small hollow post mill winded by a fantail. It is one of only two windmills in the Netherlands using this winding system, the other being De Sterrenberg. 
The Patent sails have a span of and are carried on a steel "windshaft". The "brake wheel" on the windshaft drives the "wallower" at the top of the "upright shaft" in the body (called head on a spinnenkop), which passed through the main post into the substructure. Here the "crown wheel" drives a shaft with pulleys and a flat belt. The mill is built on top of a brick storage shed. It formerly powered a horizontal saw located outside. Currently the mill poweres a bandsaw housed in the shed.
Public access.
The mill is open to the public on appointment.

</doc>
<doc id="36542275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542275" title="Dwi Joko Prihatin">
Dwi Joko Prihatin

Dwi Joko Prihatin (born on February 25, 1982 in Sukoharjo Regency) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persiba Balikpapan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36542290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542290" title="Yrjö Tuominen">
Yrjö Tuominen

Yrjö Tuominen (April 20, 1892 in Vaasa - October 13, 1946) was a Finnish actor.
He studied at Tampere in the Swedish Technical College, and got a job in a Tampere linen factory as a machine draftsman. He started as an actor at the Tampere Workers' Theatre in 1919, then the Tampere Theatre. He then moved to the Helsinki theatre scene, where his future wife, Eine Laine, worked. At The National Theatre of Finland he developed a reputation as a fine character actor, and performed in roles as numerous Shakespearean characters such as King Lear.
Yrjö Tuominen is seen in more than 50 films. His movie career began in 1924, but it is his 1930s and 1940s films which he is best remembered for such as "Tukkipojan morsian" (1931), "Aatamin puvussa ja vähän Eevankin" (1931), "Pohjalaisia" (1936), "Asessorin naishuolet" (1937), "Seitsemän veljestä" (1939), "Kohtalo johtaa meitä" (1943), and "Katariina ja Munkkiniemen kreivi" (1945). In the 1940s up to his death he usually played respectable folk such as vicars, professors or judges and other people of authority.

</doc>
<doc id="36542291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542291" title="Rolla National Airport">
Rolla National Airport

Rolla National Airport is a public use airport in Maries County, Missouri, United States. It is owned by the City of Rolla (in adjacent Phelps County) and located 11 nautical miles (13 mi, 20 km) north of its central business district. The airport is one nautical mile (2 km) northwest of Vichy, Missouri. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
History.
The airport was originally built by the United States Army Air Forces in 1942 as a sub-base for Sedalia Army Airfield during World War II. It was designated as Vichy Army Airfield, and was used by I Troop Carrier Command for training. The Third Air Force 76th Reconnaissance Group operated L-1 Vigilant and L-4 Grasshopper light observation aircraft from the airfield in the spring of 1943 in support of Army training at Fort Leonard Wood.
The airfield was vacated by the Air Force in March 1946; however it was re-activated by the United States Navy which used it as an Outlying Field (OLF) for Naval Air Station St. Louis. When the Navy ended its use, it was deeded to the city of Rolla in 1957 and became Rolla National Airport.
In August 1959, the USAF Air Defense Command established site "P-70C (later Z-70C)" at the airport. It was an Air Defense Radar Gap-Filler Annex, equipped with an Bendix AN/FPS-18 Radar medium-range search Radar , assigned to the 798th Radar Squadron, Belleville AFS, Illinois. The station was inactivated in late 1968. Both building and radar tower (but now without radome) are still extant. The radome was removed in November 2011.
Facilities and aircraft.
Rolla National Airport covers an area of 1,370 acres (554 ha) at an elevation of 1,148 feet (350 m) above mean sea level. It has two runways, designated 4/22 and 13/31, each with an asphalt surface measuring 5,500 by 100 feet (1,676 x 30 m).
For the 12-month period ending March 31, 2010, the airport had 10,570 aircraft operations, an average of 28 per day: 95% general aviation, 3% air taxi, and 2% military. At that time there were 68 aircraft based at this airport: 85% single-engine and 15% multi-engine.

</doc>
<doc id="36542292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542292" title="Jim Gilmour">
Jim Gilmour

James "Jim" Montgomery Gilmour (4 January 1881 – 18 December 1918) was a New Zealand rugby league footballer of the 1910s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (non-Test matches) (#67), and Wellington, as a , i.e. number 3 or 4.
Playing career.
Gilmour moved to Australia in 1911, playing for North Sydney alongside compatriot Billy Mitchell until heading north to play for Queensland. Gilmour played all three matches against the touring New Zealand side before joining the New Zealanders for matches against Hunter River and New South Wales.
He again toured Australia with New Zealand in 1912.
Military service and death.
Gilmour served as a private with the New Zealand Expeditionary Force in World War I. He sailed from New Zealand with the 43rd reinforcements on 17 August 1918 and died of pneumonia at Tidworth Hospital, Wiltshire, England on 18 December 1918. He was buried at Tidworth Military Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="36542294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542294" title="De Wicher, Kalenberg">
De Wicher, Kalenberg

De Wicher is a drainage mill near the village of Kalenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands. It is a hollow post windmill of the type called "spinnenkop" by the Dutch. The mill is in working order and used to drain the reed beds during winter to improve accessibility for reed cutters.
History.
The predecessor of the current mill was the last windmill in the current De Weerribben-Wieden National Park. It was dismantled in 1942. By 1980 a foundation called "Vrienden van de Weerribben" got the idea of rebuilding this mill. The idea was taken up by Staatsbosbeheer (English: State Forest Management) and by 1982 the construction of the new mill was finished.
Description.
"De Wicher" is wat the Dutch describe as a "spinnenkop" (English: spiderhead mill). It is a small hollow post mill winded by a winch. The mill has common sails. The wooden stocks has a span of and . The stocks and "brake wheel" are carried on the "windshaft" and drive the "wallower" at the top of the "upright shaft" in the body (called head on a spinnenkop), which passed through the main post into the substructure. At the bottom of the upright shaft is the "crown wheel" which drives the wooden Archimedes' screw. The body (called head on a spinnenkop) is weatherboarded while the substructure is thatched and rests on a brick base.
Public access.
The mill is open to the public on Wednesday afternoons during the summer season and on appointment.

</doc>
<doc id="36542299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542299" title="Brookside, Kentucky">
Brookside, Kentucky

Brookside is an unincorporated community and coal town in Harlan County, Kentucky, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36542306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542306" title="Nazif Cabinet">
Nazif Cabinet

The Nazif Cabinet was led by Ahmed Nazif, who served as prime minister of Egypt from 14 July 2004 to 31 January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36542314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542314" title="Locke Block">
Locke Block

The Locke Block on Fifth Street in Devils Lake, North Dakota was built in 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1986.
Built as a residential building, its four-story height "would 'make the building a sky scraper in comparison to the other buildings in the city,'" per a contemporary local newspaper article. The roof drain system was innovative.
Its NRHP nomination in 1986 identified it as "the best remaining example of 'Chicago School' commercial architecture in Devils Lake."
Danish-born builder Valdemar or Vlademar Gram's name originally appeared in the date block for the building, but only Locke's name appears now. Gram was prominent in Devils Lake and built the Devils Lake Carnegie Library (also NRHP-listed), the St. Joseph Catholic Church, and part of the Great Northern Hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="36542317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542317" title="Gaven Reefs">
Gaven Reefs

The Gaven Reefs (Chinese: "Nanxun Jiao" 南薰礁 and "Xinan Jiao" 西南礁, Vietnamese: "Đá Ga Ven" and "Đá Lạc", Tagalog: Burgos) is a group of two reefs in the Tizard Bank of the Spratly Islands in the South China Sea.
They are controlled by China as part of Sansha, and claimed by the Philippines and Vietnam. They have a supply platform and a reef fortress. The supply platform has anti-aircraft guns, naval guns, search radars and radio communications equipment.
The north reef (Naxun Jiao) has 86 ha and its highest point is at 1.9 meters. The south reef (Xinan Jiao) has 67 ha.

</doc>
<doc id="36542326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542326" title="Grays Knob, Kentucky">
Grays Knob, Kentucky

Grays Knob is an unincorporated community and coal town in Harlan County, Kentucky, United States.
A post office was established in the community in 1916, and named for a local hill.

</doc>
<doc id="36542333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542333" title="PEN Emerging Writers Awards">
PEN Emerging Writers Awards

The PEN Emerging Writers Awards is awarded by the PEN American Center. It is awarded to up-and-coming authors whose writing have been featured in distinguished literary journals, but haven't published book-length works. 
Three prizes are awarded: one fiction, one nonfiction, and one poetry. Candidates are only nominated by editors from print and online journals. Participating journals for 2011 included: "6 x 6", "A Public Space", "Bloom", "Colorado Review", "Creative Nonfiction", "Fence", "Gargoyle", "Glimmer Train", "Guernica", "Harvard Review", "jubilat", "Kenyon Review", "Lungfull!", "New York Quarterly", "One Story", "The Oxford American", "Ploughshares", "Rain Taxi", "Spinning Jenny", and "Tin House". 
The award is one of many PEN awards sponsored by International PEN affiliates in over 145 PEN centres around the world. The PEN American Center awards have been characterized as being among the "major" American literary prizes.

</doc>
<doc id="36542343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542343" title="Spinnenkop Openluchtmuseum, Arnhem">
Spinnenkop Openluchtmuseum, Arnhem

The "spinnenkop" of the Netherlands Open Air Museum in Arnhem is a small drainage mill originally located near Gorredijk, Friesland, Netherlands. It is a hollow post windmill that has been restored to working order.
History.
The mill was built around 1800 and later moved to Gorredijk. Next to draining the polder it got a secondary use from 1886 onwards to inundate the local ice skating ring. It was named "Molen van Posthuman" after its owner or named after the polder it drained called "Mountsjelân" (English: little mill land). In 1922 it became superfluous when a kerosene-engine powered pumping station was built. The mill was then dismantled and given to the Dutch Open Air Museum where it was rebuilt in 1925.
Description.
The "spinnenkop" (English: spiderhead mill) of the Netherlands Open Air Museum is a small hollow post mill winded by a winch. The mill has common sails. The wooden stocks have a span of and and are carried on a wooden "windshaft". The "brake wheel" on the windshaft drives the "wallower" at the top of the "upright shaft" in the body (called head on a spinnenkop), which passed through the main post into the substructure. At the bottom of the upright shaft is the "crown wheel" which drives the wooden Archimedes' screw. The body (called head on a spinnenkop) and substructure are weatherboarded.
Though fully operational the windmill can rarely be used to pump water because of its current sheltered location.
Public access.
The mill can be approached closely during opening hours of the museum.

</doc>
<doc id="36542354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542354" title="Abigail Rokison">
Abigail Rokison

Abigail Rokison is an author and academic specialising in William Shakespeare, as well as a former actress. She was Director of Studies in English and Drama at Homerton College, Cambridge until the end of 2012. She is now lecturer in Shakespeare and Theatre at the Shakespeare Institute, Stratford upon Avon. She previously played Primrose in "The Darling Buds of May".
Biography.
Rokison's acting career covered both stage and screen, and included the role of Primrose Larkin in the ITV television comedy drama "The Darling Buds of May", first broadcast between 1991 and 1993. She went on to earn a Diploma in Acting from the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art in 1996, followed by an undergraduate degree in Humanities with Literature from the Open University in 2001. Using the proceeds from a recent re-run of the "Darling Buds" series, Rokison was then able to earn a 2002 Master's degree in Shakespearean studies from the joint programme between King's College London and the Globe Theatre. From there she earned a PhD from Trinity Hall College, Cambridge University in 2007. Her PhD dissertation is described as a "new synthesis of academic and theatrical approaches to the Shakespearean text". Following her PhD, she remained in academia as Director of Studies in English and Drama at Homerton College, Cambridge, having joined the staff in 2006. Having been published by the Cambridge University Press in January 2010 as a hardback, her dissertation went on to receive the inaugural Shakespeare's Globe Book Award in 2012, awarded to works which have made an "important contribution to the understanding of Shakespeare's theatre, or his contemporaries". In 2013 she published her second book 'Shakespeare for Young People' (Bloomsbury).
Bibliography.
Book chapters

</doc>
<doc id="36542375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542375" title="Social Sounds">
Social Sounds

Social Sounds Music Festival commonly abbreviated to Social Sounds is a local music festival showcasing talent from Ireland which takes place in Belfast, County Antrim, Northern Ireland. The main sponsor behind the festival is Heineken with Downtown Radio, Cool FM, Europa Hotel and 21 Social also sponsoring the two-day event which takes place over the end of August Bank Holiday.

</doc>
<doc id="36542386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542386" title="Elcomb, Kentucky">
Elcomb, Kentucky

Elcomb is an unincorporated community and coal town in Harlan County, Kentucky, United States. The Elcomb Post Office was active from 1918 to 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="36542399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542399" title="Absor Fauzi">
Absor Fauzi

Absor Fauzi (born August 11, 1987 in Bandung) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persiba Balikpapan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36542403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542403" title="William de Wylton">
William de Wylton

William de Wylton DD (also Wilton) was an English medieval college Fellow and university chancellor.
William de Wylton was a Fellow of Balliol College, University College, and Queen's College, all in Oxford. He was a Doctor of Divinity and held the office of Chancellor of the University of Oxford between 1373 and 1376.

</doc>
<doc id="36542409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542409" title="Energy Information Management">
Energy Information Management

Traditionally energy management equipment is associated with building automation (BAS) or building management systems (BMS). 
Energy management systems generate huge amounts of data about a building, from outside and inside air temperature, to carbon monoxide and humidity levels, each associated with the time of day, week, and year. These systems allow you to see what is going on in the building and to set complex schedules to control light and temperature based on the current information and instructions. They usually produce a record of energy use, but generally don't aggregate the data or allow you to see trends over time and location. 
Energy Information Management offers solutions to automate the data available from a BMS, BAS or EMS, aggregate it and apply algorithms to extract actionable information from the data. This allows the building owner a method for the ongoing, continuous improvement of a building’s energy use over time.

</doc>
<doc id="36542424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542424" title="Christiansdorf (Freiberg)">
Christiansdorf (Freiberg)

Christiansdorf, historically spelt "Christianesdorph" in 1183 and "Christianisdorf" in 1185, was a forest settlement in the Duchy of Saxony (the present day German state of Saxony) that only existed for a few years, but is credited as being the first place in the Ore Mountains that silver ore was discovered. The little mining settlement in the March of Meissen and was a forerunner of the present town of Freiberg, which itself was founded in the 1160s. Christiansdorf was located on the so-called "Schüppchenberg" hill, where the cul-de-sac of "Berggasse" now is. 
According to oral tradition and legend, the first ore - sterling silver - in the Freiberg Mining Field, and also in the whole Ore Mountains, was discovered on the fields of Christiansdorf by the "Schüppchenberg" around 1168.

</doc>
<doc id="36542427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542427" title="Isanapura">
Isanapura

Isanapura (also known as Sambhupura, or Sambor of St'ung Sen) was the capital of the ancient kingdom of Chenla. It is located in what is now Kampong Thom Province in Cambodia. The city was founded in about 618 at Leek Sambor Kuk by King Isanavarman I.
Today, the site of old Isanapura contains the ruins of 150 temples and buildings, which are a few centuries older than that of the Khmer empire around Angkor Wat. During the Vietnam War, some of these temples were completely destroyed by US bombers. Further damage was done by vandals, dealers in old relics, and the Khmer Rouge. Many temples have been overgrown by the jungle.
Archeology.
Archaeologists divide the temples, all of which are dedicated to the god Shiva, into four groups: the Northern Group, the Small Group Z, the Central Group and the Southern Group. Of these groups, the Southern Group is the best preserved. Eight octagonal towers and several gates are still standing. In the outer walls of these towers are machined brick panels, two meters high, some badly damaged. The main temple of this group, Prasat Neak Poan, has several relief operations that were formerly plastered. The Central Group still contains a standing tower, Prasat Tao. Two stone lions (originally there were four, but two were stolen), are at the main entrance of the brick tower. The Northern Group includes nine temples and a large tower, Prasat Sambo. This group was heavily damaged by bombing. The carved sandstone columns and door frames testify to the art of the Chenla empire.

</doc>
<doc id="36542437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542437" title="Tara Subcounty">
Tara Subcounty

Tara is a subcounty at the north-eastern end of Maracha District of Uganda. It is an area endowed with rocks and is neighboured in the Northwest by Koboko; to the Northeast by Yumbe; to the East by Omugo subcounty plus to the South by Nyadri (Maracha Town). Other subcounties in Maracha include Yivu, Aiivu, Oleba, Uriama, Omugo and Nyadri.
Origins.
According to Lugbara oral tradition, a man called Ajua is the great-grandfather of Tara parishes. He wanted to see where "Ono" (River Enyau or Anyau - a tributary of River Nile also met by a river from Tara) ends, which would be its source. So he moved with his cows and found people dancing at a dog funeral in Onduparaka (a few kilometres north of Arua Town). He joined in the dance and was given a wife. She gave birth to Opodria who later birthed Naye, the father of the seven true parishes of Tara.
Ajua left Onduparaka on his quest and went to Ovisoni (West of Arua Town). There he also found people dancing and was allowed to join them. He was given another wife. Some say he paid bride price. The woman gave birth to Otu (Lugbara for "Umbilical cord"), the father of Vurra - after whom a county was named in Arua District. The actual source of the river is in Vurra, not far from the DR Congo border.
Otu is the step-brother of Opodria, the grandfather of the other Vur(r)a, a parish in Tara Subcounty which encompasses the villages from East /West Kololo (the Subcounty Headquarters), Pajuru to Odupiri. Vur(r)a's six brothers after whom parishes are named in Tara include Ojapi, Ajulepi, Yidu (Pajama Area), Oliapi (Oliyepi), Aruwe and Rendu.
Tara Hills and Rocks.
Two of the highest mountains in the whole of West Nile can be seen while in Tara, that is Mt. Wati (in Terego County) and Mt. Liru on the Koboko side of Lurujo Road. You can get a customized view when you sit on top of the wide rock in Tara named Komendaku (translated as "You don't need to search for a chair!"). Adventurers and tourists write their names on the rocks and take small ones as souvenirs plus for research purposes. Red monkeys, rock badgers, porcupines and other interesting animals can be found near some of these rocks.
When you stand at the soccer field of Ojapi Primary School, the ranges anticlockwise from Mt. Liru include Kodro, Gala, Kadri, Adrofiya and Njeke (or Njakai). On the south side of Ojapi as you move from Oliapi Primary School to Orani (which also has a rock named after the place), you will see Adada and Luturujo (which translates as "The House of/ on a Hill").
Despite all these rocks, the farmlands are very productive and agriculture is the predominant economic activity. Crops grown include maize, cassava, ground nut, soya, coffee and beans. Tobacco locally regarded as "Assets" is grown as a major cash crop. Animals are also reared including cows, goats, sheep, guineafowls, chicken plus pigs. On market days like at Mabira, Ajira, Gili Gili and Odupiri, people sell foodstuffs and other household items as the sun sets. The grasshopper is a staple food and Emblem for Maracha, a Lugbara clan.

</doc>
<doc id="36542447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542447" title="Vytenis Čižauskas">
Vytenis Čižauskas

Vytenis Čižauskas (born September 16, 1992) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player whose position is point guard. He is currently playing for BC Žalgiris.
International career.
He won five gold medals with Lithuania national teams: European Youth Summer Olympic Festival (U-15) and was named MVP in 2007, Europe U-16 in 2008, Europe U-18 in 2010, World U-19 in 2011 and Europe U-20 in 2012. He was a candidate for Lithuania national basketball team, which participated in Eurobasket 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36542457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542457" title="Devils Lake Carnegie Library">
Devils Lake Carnegie Library

The Devils Lake Carnegie Library is a Carnegie library located in Devils Lake, North Dakota. It was built in 1909 and designed by architect Joseph A. Shannon. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
It was opened in January 1910 with no ceremony, but the local newspaper afterward declared the opening to be a "'great event'", marking a "'new era in the intellectual advancement of Devils Lake'".
Danish-born builder Valdemar or Vlademar Gram built the library, the Locke Block (also NRHP-listed), and numerous other Devils Lake buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="36542471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542471" title="Edy Dublin">
Edy Dublin

Eduard "Edy" Dublin (born 9 February 1943) is a Luxembourgian former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a midfielder.
Career.
Born in Emerange, Dublin played club football in Luxembourg and France for Mondorf-les-Bains, Nancy, Mulhouse, Besançon, Spora Luxembourg and Aris Bonnevoie.
He earned 17 caps for Luxembourg between 1965 and 1970, appearing in eight FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.

</doc>
<doc id="36542475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542475" title="NatureShare">
NatureShare

__NOTOC__
NatureShare is a publisher of mobile applications for nature and the outdoor lifestyle, and also the name of the company's social platform for outdoor enthusiasts. Previously known as Green Mountain Digital, the company was founded in 2009 by David Roberts and Andrew Stewart in Woodstock, Vermont, and has designed and published more than 30 mobile apps, including "Audubon Birds of North America", "Orvis Fly Fishing: The Ultimate Guide", "GardenMinder", "Sailing World: Knots and Splices", "FishBlue", and "NatureTap", for iOS, Android, Kindle Fire, Nook, and other mobile operating systems.
The social platform called "Nature Share" is for people who love the outdoors. In the current private beta version of the product, members can collect their wildlife sightings and outdoor experiences and share them with other enthusiasts.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36542496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542496" title="World5">
World5

World5 is an adult contemporary rock band with five members based in the United States, New Zealand, and Sweden. Members include Pat Hunt on lead vocals, Steffen Goeres on guitar, Randy Miller on bass, Joe Gavito on guitar and Raimund Breitfeld on drums . Their debut single and album "Global Experience" were produced by Randy Miller, and released on Island Def Jam Digital Distribution, with the single released in December 2011 and the album in early 2012.
History.
Founding.
World5 was formed as a soft rock and adult contemporary band by five friends who had previously performed together in different groups in the United States and Europe. The members had all settled in different locations and countries, but began writing songs together through Skype in 2011. Founder members are Don Bruner, from San Diego, California, on keyboards and lead vocals. Bruner had previously penned "In My Wildest Dreams" by Ruckus in 2000, and opened for groups including ZZ Top, Bay City Rollers, and Herman's Hermits. Roland Childs from San Francisco, California on bass, drummer Raimund Breitfeld contributes from Gothenburg, Sweden, Stephan Goessl began playing saxophone in Munich, Germany, and Steffen Goeres contributes guitars and trumpet from Wellington, New Zealand.
They were discovered by producer Randy Miller.
First releases.
With Miller's patronage, the band began working on an album in 2011. Chiefly using Skype and digital recording facilities, the band began recording their individual parts at home. According to the band, they worked together on Skype to make the process work. Final tracks were sent to Randy Miller in Houston, Texas to be mixed into the album "Global Experience.
Before the album was released, the single "You and I" was released to a number of websites and online radio stations, eventually finding rotation on approximately 60 international stations. It has a strong latin aesthetic, and according to Miller, "I knew that 'You and I' was the single as soon as I heard it." It is the only song of the album to have a music video. On January 28, 2012 the track "You and I" reached #1 on a number of internet charts. In January 2012, the band won the RGW Gold Award for the year.
"Global Experience" was released on May 1, 2012 on Island Def Jam Digital Distribution.
In early May of 2012, the band had songs in the top five at iHeart Radio, and four songs in the top ten for the categories of Adult and Hit. The single "Bring Your Heart Home" debuted at top five in the Hit category of unsigned artists, and later reached #1 in the adult category. The song "Living (Give me a Reason)" debuted at #5 on the unsigned adult category, with the song "So Sincere" close behind.
In late May 2012, tracks from the album were included on the album "Valleyarm Music Matters Sampler 2012," where it was presented at the music business conference "Music Matters" in Singapore.
In March 2013, the first single recorded with the new members Pat Hunt and Randy Miller, titled "Man Of Action" was released on Mondotunes distribution."Man Of Action" reached the National Airplay Top 200 Chart shortly after it´s release. The second single release on MondoTunes and titled "Maybe There´s a Way" followed June 2013."Heartbeat Of The World" was released in october 2013 under the label Famous Records Corp. / Fontana.
Style, reception.
According to review by "Indie Artist Radio," in July 11, 2012, the album has "wonderfully structured lyrics, melodically soothing harmonies, and soul grabbing rhythm that bites at the point just beneath the sternum that makes you want to sway uncontrollably into a dance that may just win you a place on "Dancing With The Stars"," and best fit in the genre Adult Contemporary Rock. It also compared the music of World5 to bands such as Bruce Hornsby and Mike and the Mechanics.
According to "The Mountain Weekly," "A little bit or water and some jet lag didn’t stop the guys from getting together to make soulful rock and roll reminiscent of Bryan Adams or early Genesis...Anyone who likes Jimmy Buffett or island music is surely going to appreciate the harmonies and guitar work."
The album received 7/10 stars from the "Raffo Review," which said "Overall this record is one for those lazy, chilled out Sundays all the way up to a cocktail party. I found myself enjoying its smooth melodies and catchy grooves." Another review called them "a sophisticated brand of Adult Orientated Pop/Rock" that was reminiscent of Toto and Yes.
The single "You and I" was named as a 2012 favorite single by Michael Damian.

</doc>
<doc id="36542520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542520" title="Supriyadi (footballer)">
Supriyadi (footballer)

Supriyadi (born April 14, 1985 in Jakarta) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Barito Putera in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36542537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542537" title="Etz Hayim (disambiguation)">
Etz Hayim (disambiguation)

Etz Hayim/Chaim ("Tree of Life" in Hebrew) is a term of Judaism used in a variety of ways.
Particular common uses:

</doc>
<doc id="36542538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542538" title="Óscar Tabuenka">
Óscar Tabuenka

Óscar Javier Tabuenka Berges (born 24 April 1971 in Bilbao, Basque Country) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender, and a current coach.

</doc>
<doc id="36542589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542589" title="Uralmash gang">
Uralmash gang

The Uralmash gang () is a Russian mafia crime syndicate based in the city of Yekaterinburg. 
Founded in the late 1980s by a group of former sportsmen led by the Tsyganov brothers, the group consolidated control over several businesses in the city during the transition to a free market economy, including the famous Uralmash factory (from which the group got its name). The profits earned from racketeering went on to be reinvested in a number of legitimate businesses, expanding the group's reach.
During the 1990s, the Uralmash group was involved in a number of gang wars. One was an internal conflict, between the more traditional criminals who obeyed the Thieves Code and the sportsmen, who dominated the organization and eventually came out on top. Another was a violent clash with the Central gang, their main rivals in the city. The number of fatalities was so great that the two gangs had their own cemeteries. Gravestones were often extremely elaborately designed and bore images of the buried, dressed in classical 1990s gangster fashion (tracksuit, leather jacket, etc.). Sometimes gangster's nicknames and/or their particular skills would also be etched on the gravestone (for example, expert in judo).
During the 1990s, the Uralmash was also involved in a vigilante group, City Without Drugs, which targeted both drug dealers and users in an attempt to rid the city of the heroin trade. Dealers were beaten and brutalised, often publicly to send a message to others, while addicts were chained to radiators and forced to go cold turkey. This action may have been a part of a public relations campaign to legitimise the group. The Uralmash also organised fashion shows to raise money for the city's children.
By the end of the decade, Uralmash's leaders legitimised their business more and more, and eventually became a registered political party, the Social-Political Union Uralmash (abbreviated OPS, an intentional play on the Russian law enforcement term OPS, or Organised Crime Society). However, as late as the 2000s, members of the Uralmash were still engaged in criminal activity and racketeering, and most businesses in Yekaterinburg had to pay them protection money.
Yevgeny Roizman was accused of links with the organisation during his 2013 mayoral campaign. 

</doc>
<doc id="36542597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542597" title="Camille Côté">
Camille Côté

Camille Côté (January 12, 1905 – December 8, 1967) was a Canadian politician.
Born in Montreal, Quebec, Côté was a member of the Montreal City Council from 1940 to 1947. Côté was elected as the Union Nationale candidate to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Montréal–Sainte-Marie in 1944. He did not run in 1948.
He died in Montreal in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="36542625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542625" title="NASA Space Radiation Laboratory">
NASA Space Radiation Laboratory

The NASA Space Radiation Laboratory (NSRL, previously called Booster Applications Facility), is a United States national laboratory and part of the Brookhaven National Laboratory, located in Upton, New York on Long Island. It is dedicated to learn about the possible risks to human beings exposed to cosmic radiation.
Overview.
Although Brookhaven Lab researchers and their colleagues used beams of heavy ions for radiobiology research at another Brookhaven accelerator from 1995, the NSRL became operational during summer 2003, and over 75 experimenters from some 20 institutions from the U.S. and abroad have taken part on radiobiology research. Jointly managed by the U.S. Department of Energy’s Office of Science and NASA’s Johnson Space Center, the facility employs beams of heavy ions extracted from Brookhaven’s Booster accelerator that are then used to simulate the Cosmic rays found in space. NSRL also features its own beam line dedicated to radiobiology research, as well as specimen-preparation areas.
Science.
Since astronauts are spending more time in outer space, they are receiving more exposure to ionizing radiation, a stream of particles that, when passing through a body, has enough energy to cause the atoms and molecules within that substance to become an ion. By directly or indirectly ionizing and thus damaging the components of living cells, including genetic material called DNA, ionizing radiation may cause changes in cells' ability to carry out repair and reproduction. This may lead to mutations, which, in turn, may result in tumors, cancer, genetic defects in offspring, or death.
Although the spacecraft itself somewhat reduces radiation exposure, it does not completely shield astronauts from galactic cosmic rays, which are highly energetic heavy ions, or from solar energetic particles, which primarily are energetic protons. By one NASA estimate, for each year that astronauts spend in deep space, about one-third of their DNA will be hit directly by heavy ions.
NSRL researchers employ the unique Alternating Gradient Synchrotron to irradiate a variety of biological specimens, tissues, and cells, as well as DNA in solution. Other experimenters use industrial materials as samples, studying their suitability for space suits and spacecraft shielding. In increasing knowledge of the effects of cosmic radiation, NSRL studies may expand the understanding of the link between ionizing radiation and aging or neuro-degeneration, as well as cancer. In aiming to limit the damage to healthy tissue by ionization, NSRL research may also lead to improvements in cancer radiation treatments.

</doc>
<doc id="36542626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542626" title="St Mary's Church, Staveley">
St Mary's Church, Staveley

St Mary's Church, Staveley, is in the village of Staveley-in-Cartmel, Cumbria, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Windermere, the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness, and the diocese of Carlisle. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
History.
A church was present on the site by 1618, and was repaired in 1678. The south aisle and the tower date possibly from 1793. The church was restored in 1897 by the Lancaster architects Austin and Paley. The restoration included removal of pews, reroofing and reseating the church, and replacing the stone arcade with one in timber. Its estimated cost was £1,000 (£ as of ).
Architecture.
The church is constructed in stone rubble with slate roofs. Its plan consists of a nave and a chancel in one range, a south aisle, and a west tower with a vestry to its south. The tower has a west doorway, with a two-light window above it. The paired bell openings are round-headed, and the battlemented parapet has crocketed pinnacles at the corners. There is a clock face on the north side. On the sides of the church are two-light round-headed windows. The east window has three lights.
Inside the church is a five-bay oak arcade, and a 19th-century open timber roof. The furniture dates from the 19th century and includes a simple octagonal font, and a timber pulpit decorated with traceried panels. The two-manual pipe organ is located at the east end of the south aisle, and was built by Wilkinson of Kendal in 1870.
External features.
In the churchyard, standing on an outcrop of rock, is an 18th-century stone sundial. This consists of a square pier with a moulded base and cap. The plate and gnomon are missing. The sundial is listed at Grade II.

</doc>
<doc id="36542641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542641" title="Laugh India Laugh">
Laugh India Laugh

Laugh India Laugh, a.k.a. L.I.L is a Stand Up Comedy Competition aired on Life OK channel. Top 18 Contestants from India and Pakistan will be selected after auditions .
Contestants.
Akhtar Hindustani, Ali Javed, Amit Sharma, Ashok Nagar, Ayaz Samoo, Chirag Jain, Chirag Wadhwani, Dinesh Bawara, Dr Sanket, Kainaat Chouhan, Kesar Dev, KT, Laxman Nepali, Manoj Gujjar, Naseem Vicky, Nitesh Gupta, Rahul Rajasthani, Rajiv Gold, Sardar Kamaal and Badar Khan, Sumedh Shinde, Sunil Vyas, Surindar Angural, Tahir Ali.
Winner.
Naseem Vicky from Pakistan won Laugh India Laugh finale which was telecasted on 30 September 2012. KT from Mumbai came 2nd & Kesar Dev Marwari came in the 3rd place.

</doc>
<doc id="36542643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542643" title="Ayotle">
Ayotle

Ayotle is a French-Mexican company headquartered in Paris, France, that develops computer vision softwares and provides technical services based on motion capture and 3D sensors for interactive applications to the media and entertainment industry. The company was co-founded by José Alonso YBANEZ ZEPEDA and Gisèle BELLIOT on June 2010.
Ayotle’s expertise centres on the development and implementation of advanced algorithms for
computer vision, from video images in all formats, and to the use of 3D cameras or depth sensors.
Up until now, Ayotle developed two main innovative software solutions. With FaceTracker, using highly
advanced technologies in markerless motion capture, Ayotle offers new solutions for computer facial animation.
With the AnyTouch project, Ayotle provides a solution that can transform any surface or object into a
touch device.
Etymology.
The name Ayotle comes from the word "Ayotl", which means turtle shell in Nahuatl, the original language
used by the Aztecs in Mexico.
Supports.
Ayotle is currently supported by Paris Region Lab, ASTIA, Mairie de Paris, Oséo, Scientipôle Initiative, Cap-Digital, Telecom ParisTech

</doc>
<doc id="36542658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542658" title="BrandActive">
BrandActive

BrandActive is a brand implementation and brand management consulting firm founded in 1998 by Robynne Budish and James Burn. BrandActive pioneered many of the brand implementation and brand management methodologies, tools, and standards that have been adopted by companies around the world.
Operations.
BrandActive offers brand implementation scoping, budgeting, scenario planning, and project planning, organization, and management for brand change during a merger, acquisition, spin-off, corporate rebranding, or other large brand change event. The company also offers on-going brand management services regarding brand management systems, process redesign, help desk outsourcing, vendor rationalization and training, and global quality, consistency, and compliance. 
BrandActive's international headquarters office is in Toronto, ON and BrandActive USA is headquartered out of Boulder, Colorado. Through these offices the company delivers global and regional projects to companies headquartered out of North and South America and, where required, can provide local touch around the world through their Project Management Offices (PMO's) in London, Amsterdam, Dubai, Melbourne, Sao Paolo, Mexico City, and Taipei. 
BrandActive clients have included Berkshire Hathaway Home Services, Caterpillar, Verizon Wireless, AT&T, Nextel, Waste Management, Johnson & Johnson, Unify, Alcan, Vale, Baker Hughes, Toronto Hydro, Telus, CIBC, RBC, Novant Health, Medstar Health, and SunLife among many others.
History.
Founded in Toronto, ON in 1998 by James Burn and Robynne Budish as an equity partnership with a Dutch company, Nykamp Nyboer.
In 2002, BrandActive established its presence in the US.
In 2004, BrandActive became fully independent and wholly owned by the two founding partners.
In 2011, BrandActive USA moved its headquarters to Boulder, CO.
In 2011, Philip Guiliano was made Partner
Brand Implementation.
Brand Implementation refers to the discipline of professionally scoping, planning, and managing the implementation of a brand on all physical and digital assets including signage, vehicles, uniforms, documents and forms, HR materials, IT systems, websites, marketing collateral, ID badges, and literally every other asset that contains the corporate logo, name, colors, or visual system. This discipline focuses on understanding the scope of branded assets that exist at a company, their cost and purchasing dynamics, their importance to brand impact and customer experience, and all other brand and business implications in order to scenario plan around launch and completion scenarios in an effort to construct an optimized budget, project organization, and project plans to execute a brand change on-time, on-budget, and in a way that properly balances a companies brand and business objectives.
Brand Management.
Brand Management refers to the discipline of setting up an organization with the structure, systems and tools, guidelines, policies, processes, support, and vendor network required to efficiently implement their brand on all physical and digital assets with quality, consistency, and impact. Effective brand management will also look into the most cost-effective and time-efficient ways to achieve these outcomes.

</doc>
<doc id="36542668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542668" title="Iris delavayi">
Iris delavayi

Iris delavayi is a rhizomatous flowering plant in the genus "Iris". It is native to south-west Sichuan and Yunnan province in China. It is cultivated as an ornamental plant in temperate regions. It grows to , with lanceolate leaves, producing several flowers in spring. The flowers range from white to deep blue, with white and yellow markings on the falls.
The Latin specific epithet "delavayi" refers to the 19th century French missionary Père Jean Marie Delavay.
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
References.
http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Iris_delavayi_%286%29.jpg

</doc>
<doc id="36542678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542678" title="SLB Films">
SLB Films

SLB Films Pvt Ltd is an Indian motion picture production, based in Mumbai. The company is founded by Bollywood filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali, and collaborated on many of its films with UTV Motion Pictures. It won the 2005 National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi as well as Filmfare Award for Best Film for "Black".

</doc>
<doc id="36542682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542682" title="Alfred E. Dickey Free Library">
Alfred E. Dickey Free Library

The Alfred E. Dickey Free Library in Jamestown, North Dakota was built in 1917. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
According to its NRHP nomination, it is "a rare and fine example" of Prairie School architecture in North Dakota.
It seems to have been designed by Joseph A. Shannon and Henry J. Scherer.
According to its NRHP nomination, however, it was designed by architectural partners "J. H. Shannon" and Henry J. Scherer.
And according to a different NRHP nomination, from 1989, for the Devils Lake Commercial District, the Dickey Free Library was designed by 
"John A. Shannon", late in his career. These appear to be misstatements of the name of local architect Joseph A. Shannon.

</doc>
<doc id="36542691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542691" title="Valor.defense.gov">
Valor.defense.gov

valor.defense.gov, also called U.S. Military Awards for Valor, is a website published by the United States Department of Defense established in 2012 to track recipients of awards and decorations of the United States military. It currently contains the complete list of Medal of Honor recipients for actions since the September 11, 2001 attacks.
Created in response to the U.S. Supreme Court striking down the Stolen Valor Act of 2005, the website is designed to deter people from falsely claiming to have been awarded military decorations for valor. It was launched on 25 July 2012 and initially contains only a small number of entries, but eventually The Pentagon hopes to expand it to become much more comprehensive.
Background.
On 28 June 2012, as the United States Supreme Court struck down the Stolen Valor Act of 2005, an act which installed criminal penalties on persons making false claims about being awarded valor awards for service in the United States military. In the ruling, the members of the court wrote they saw the act as a violation of the First Amendment of the United States Constitution. Several U.S. lawmakers, including members of the Senate Armed Services Committee, sought to reinstall penalties for lying about awards, and officials at The Pentagon began an internal review of alternatives, namely creating a website to track all awards. The U.S. military does not have a single database of valor awards on its own, as such awards are typically managed locally within units, where the records and documents are kept. Privately run databases such as the "Military Times Hall of Valor" exist with documents of decorations of 100,000 servicemembers, and some military organizations do keep comprehensive data on the numbers of awards received, notably the U.S. Army Human Resources Command, though it does not identify the names of individual recipients. In its decision to strike down the Stolen Valor Act, the Supreme Court suggested such a database be created.
For several years prior to the announcement, U.S. military officials had ruled out an online database of valor awards as impractical. A 2009 Pentagon review noted such a database would not be viable, in part because of the 1973 National Archives fire which destroyed documentation of many servicemembers' decorations, as well as privacy concerns, which would limit the use of certain information on such a site, such as date of birth and Social Security numbers of each recipient. Officials said this information would be necessary for full confirmation of the awards. In its decision to strike down the Stolen Valor Act, the Supreme Court suggested such a database be created. As recently as 5 July 2012, military officials continued to maintain that such a database would be impractical, but five days later on July 10, officials announced they were considering the idea.
On 23 July 2012, President Barack Obama announced the database would be created within a few days, hosted at valor.defense.gov, in an effort to reduce the number of fraudulent award claims. White House officials said this website would not affect congressional efforts to introduce new legislation to replace the Stolen Valor Act, only that it would make it easier for people to verify award recipients online, but that it was a direct response to the Stolen Valor Act being struck down. The website launched on 25 July 2012.
Contents and scope.
On the day of its launch, the site contained only 10 entries; the 10 U.S. servicemembers who had been awarded the Medal of Honor for actions since the September 11, 2001 attacks, and included only each recipients' name, rank, and the campaign in which they received the decoration.
The Department of Defense has stated it intends to expand the database to eventually include all recipients of the Distinguished Service Cross, Navy Cross and Air Force Cross since 11 September 2001. They also hope to include recipients of the Silver Star Medal as well. Staffers are considering compiling information for awards presented before 11 September 2001, but have said the 1973 fire would make such efforts difficult. They also noted awards prior to that time often have far less documentation, making them more difficult to independently verify.

</doc>
<doc id="36542707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542707" title="Behind the Bright Lights">
Behind the Bright Lights

Behind The Bright Lights is the second and final studio album by metalcore band Fei Comodo. It was released on July 16, 2012, although it was originally due to be released on 14 May 2012. A special edition of the album was also released which contained bonus material, including acoustic performances, guitar tutorials and two music videos, alongside the album tracks. Two of the tracks on the album, "No Way Out" and "A Man Left Behind", had previously been released on the EP, "The Life They Lead".
Background.
Following the release of their first mini-album They All Have Two Faces, the band wanted to act quickly and get a full album out within a year. After touring in support of their first album they got toegether in September 2009 to start recording their next album. However things didn't go as planned and it would be almost a further three years before the album would be released. During the intermediate period, Fei Comodo released an EP, "The Life They Lead", which included two tracks, "No Way Out" and "A Man Left Behind", which would later feature on "Behind The Bright Lights".
During this time the band members starting pursuing other musical ventures, and by the time ""Behind The Bright Lights"" was ready for release, the band announced their separation due to no longer being the same people they were when they recorded the music.
PledgeMusic Project.
On 17 February 2012 Fei Comodo announced that they were intending to release a special edition of "Behind The Bright Lights" and were running a project using PledgeMusic, a crowd funding website, in order to do so. By receiving pre-orders of the album through the site, the band were able to generate the required capital to produce the special edition - an example of fan-funded music. Fans were also able to purchase a variety of other exclusive content through the site, such as signed set lists, guitar lessons and private acoustic performances by the band. As an extra incentive, the band posted studio updates and released certain material early to fans who pre-ordered the album.
"Behind The Bright Lights" was released two weeks before the official release date, via download, to fans who had 'pledged' on the album.
Supporting Tour.
The band went out during the summer of 2012 to play a series of final shows after the release of "Behind The Bright Lights", with support coming from I Divide, Evarose and Paige. Drummer Rob Clemson was not able to perform due to injuries suffered on a previous tour, but he did appear at the London show to sing his vocal parts on the track ""A Different World"" from the album.

</doc>
<doc id="36542716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542716" title="Al-Sirah Al-Hilaliyyah">
Al-Sirah Al-Hilaliyyah

The Al-Sirah Al-Hilaliyyah, also known as the Al-Hilali epic, is an oral poem that recounts the tale of the Beni Hilal Bedouin tribe's migration to North Africa from Arabia in the tenth century. The Beni Hilal were dominant in central North Africa for over a century before their annihilation by rivals from Morocco. Of the dozen odd major oral epic poems that developed within the Arab folk tradition between the Middle Ages and the 19th century, the Hilali is today the only one that is still performed in its integral musical form. The epic, once widespread throughout the Middle East, is today performed only in Egypt. In 2008 it was inscribed on UNESCO's Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity.
History and cultural impacts.
The epic, performed since the 14th century, has been sung in verses by master poets who provide their own musical accompaniment on a percussion instrument. It is a unique literary and musical form that reflects in it Arab folk history, customs, beliefs, symbolism and traditions. Proverbs and puzzles derived from the epic are often a part of everyday conversation in many areas of the Middle East. Some of the prominent characters of the epic include Abu zed al-Hilaliy, El Zenaty Kalepha and Zayab Ibn Ganem and there are several places in the Middle East that have been named for heroes mentioned in the epic. The Al-Sirah Al Hilaliyyah exalts courage and heroism and has in it themes of honour and revenge and of war and romance. It places events from a recalled and orally transferred history in their social and historical contexts and is a record of customs and practices and the food, clothing and lifestyles of these communities across time.
The Hilali performance.
The Hilali performers come from specific families for whom these performances once used to be their sole source of income. The performers often begin their apprenticeships at the age of five and their training goes on for at least ten years. During the course of this demanding apprenticeship the poets perfect their memory, singing and instrument playing skills and learn the art of extemporaneous commentary to render traditional plots relevant to their contemporary audiences. Traditionally, the Al-Sirah Al-Hilaliyyah has been performed at social and private events such as weddings, circumcision ceremonies and private gatherings and the performances often last between 50 to 100 hours.
The Hilali performances are have musical accompaniments mostly of wooden instruments. These include string instruments such as the rababa (the Arabic fiddle) and smsmiyya (tampura), wind instruments such as the salamiyyah, zummarah, mizmar, arghul and nay (an open ended flute) and percussion instruments such as the tabla and the tambourine.
Cultural relevance in Egypt.
Al-Sirah Al-Hilaliya is a living tradition that symbolises the oral traditions of communities of Upper and Lower Egypt and it blends ancient and modern music with songs and dances of the present tribes of Egypt. The Hilali thus has a considerable influence in shaping these communities’ vision, their acceptance or rejection of ideas and innovations and it helps integrate changes associated with development, modernisation in these societies.
Threats to survival.
Today there are very few folk poets who know Al-Sirah Al-Hilaliya in its entirety and given the socio economic changes in Egypt and the onslaught of globalisation, the Hilali epic is faced with the prospect of extinction. Documentation, classification and archiving of the epic and its artistic nuances are underway and its listing on the List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity is expected to brighten its prospects of survival. The Al-Sirah Al-Hilaliyyah bears resemblance to the T'heydinn of Mauritania, another oral epic on the Intangible Cultural Heritage List, both as an oral history and in the source material of the exploits of the Beni Hilal tribe that both these epics derive from.

</doc>
<doc id="36542719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542719" title="List of archives in Israel">
List of archives in Israel

This is a list of archives in Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="36542740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542740" title="Syaiful Lewenusa">
Syaiful Lewenusa

Syaiful Lewenusa (born on June 13, 1986 in Masohi, Seram, Central Maluku Regency) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persiba Balikpapan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36542743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542743" title="Global Experience">
Global Experience

Global Experience is the 2012 debut album by adult contemporary band World5.
Release.
The band began working on an album in 2011. Chiefly using Skype and digital recordings facilities, the band began recording their individual parts at home. According to the band, they used Skype to make the process work. Final tracks were sent to Randy Miller in Houston, Texas to be mixed into the album "Global Experience.
"Global Experience" was released on May 1, 2012 on Island Def Jam Digital Distribution. In early May of 2012, the band had songs in the top five at iHeart Radio, and four songs in the top ten for the categories of Adult and Hit. The single "You and I" debuted at top five in the Hit category of unsigned artists, and later reached #1 in the adult category. The song "Living (Give me a Reason)" debuted at #5 on the unsigned adult category, with the song "So Sincere" close behind.
In late May 2012, tracks from the album were included on the album "Valleyarm Music Matters Sampler 2012," where it was presented at the music business conference "Music Matters" in Singapore.
Reception.
According to review by "Indie Artist Radio," in July 11, 2012, the album has "wonderfully structured lyrics, melodically soothing harmonies, and soul grabbing rhythm that bites at the point just beneath the sternum that makes you want to sway uncontrollably into a dance that may just win you a place on "Dancing With The Stars"," and best fit in the genre Adult Contemporary Rock. It also compared the music of World5 to bands such as Bruce Hornsby and Mike and the Mechanics.
According to "The Mountain Weekly," "A little bit or water and some jet lag didn’t stop the guys from getting together to make soulful rock and roll reminiscent of Bryan Adams or early Genesis...Anyone who likes Jimmy Buffett or island music is surely going to appreciate the harmonies and guitar work."
The album received 7/10 stars from the "Raffo Review," which said "Overall this record is one for those lazy, chilled out Sundays all the way up to a cocktail party. I found myself enjoying its smooth melodies and catchy grooves." Another review called them "a sophisticated brand of Adult Orientated Pop/Rock" that was reminiscent of Toto and Yes.
The single "You and I" was named as a 2012 favorite single by Michael Damian.

</doc>
<doc id="36542753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542753" title="Anchor Dam">
Anchor Dam

Anchor Dam is a dam in Hot Springs County, about 35 miles west of Thermopolis, Wyoming.
The concrete thin-arch dam was completed in 1960 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation as a water storage project. The 208-foot-high dam structure impounds the water of the South Fork of Owl Creek, with the spillway as designed as a central overflow "notch". 
Unfortunately the reservoir never filled. During construction, the discovery of solution cavities in the bedrock forced the re-positioning and re-configuration of the dam, causing delays and added expense. The same karst solution cavities prevented Anchor Reservoir from filling its design capacity of 17,400 acre-feet. It has never been full. More than 50 sinkholes had been identified in the underlying Chugwater Formation geology of the reservoir basin, with at least one of them 30 feet in diameter and 35 feet deep. The site's lack of "hydraulic integrity" was well known to Bureau scientists before and during construction.
The reservoir fills enough to provide some irrigation benefit through July and August of each season. It's operated by the local Owl Creek Irrigation District. 

</doc>
<doc id="36542757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542757" title="WEMP">
WEMP

WEMP (98.9 FM) is an FM radio station licensed to Two Rivers, Wisconsin that is currently silent as it attempts to acquire a transmitter site and their license to cover after their successful program test authority period. The station covers the Manitowoc/Two Rivers market, along with eastern Sheboygan County, including Sheboygan. The station is owned by Mark Heller via Metro North Communications, Inc., which is the station's licensee. The station's allocation has been proposed by the FCC since 1996, going through three owners who failed to build the facilities before Heller's purchase of the license in 2013.
The station began broadcasting via program test authority on the evening of December 7, 2013 at 10pm, broadcasting until December 9 at midnight, using a limited hour loop of easy listening music with some Christmas music mixed in due to music licensing concerns, along with weather and sports updates and small talk from Heller, and pre-recorded station identifications done by WGN's Orion Samuelson and Max Armstrong. Also part of the PTA were several jingles from the original WEMP in Milwaukee during their prime in the 1960s; the WEMP call letters were coincidentally made available when the last holder in New York re-called their station in mid-2012 during an unstable period. 
The PTA happened nine days ahead of the expiration of the station's construction permit after the station's original plan to build a new tower in Newton was rejected by the town board. The test was performed using the studio facilities of Cleveland's WLKN (98.1), along with their antenna and transmitter just west of Newton. WLKN went off the air to allow the PTA to go forward, and also streamed the PTA in full using their website. The test ended with the signal re-tuned to 98.1 and WLKN's programming resuming as scheduled.
The station has an unactioned request to move the city of license to Howards Grove, north of Sheboygan, which is reflected in the on-air station identification as "WEMP, Two Rivers, Howards Grove". If successful, Heller intends to broadcast high school sports from across the station's coverage area, which is neglected as Manitowoc stations focus mainly on that area, while Sheboygan radio stations focus on their local teams and high schools further south.

</doc>
<doc id="36542773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542773" title="Tishomingo City Hall">
Tishomingo City Hall

The Tishomingo City Hall on W. Main St. in Tishomingo, Oklahoma, also known as Bank of the Chickasaw Nation, was built in 1911. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
It was "designed, constructed, and finished under the direction of J. A. Shannon, an architect who was also superintendent" of the Harris Granite Quarries, source for its granite.

</doc>
<doc id="36542778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542778" title="British Virgin Islands national football team results">
British Virgin Islands national football team results

These are the results for the British Virgin Islands national football team. BVI's score is listed first.

</doc>
<doc id="36542799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542799" title="William Faden">
William Faden

William Faden (1749 – 1836) was an English cartographer and a publisher of maps. He was the royal geographer to King George III. He replaced Thomas Jeffreys in that role.
The title of "geographer to the king" was given to various people in the 18th century, including John Senex, Herman Moll, Emmanuel Bowen and Thomas Jeffreys. All of these men, including William Faden, were engravers and publishers, not scholars or academics. Their part was to publish and supply maps to the crown and parliament. 
William Faden printed the North American Atlas in 1777, and "...it became the most important atlas chronicling the Revolution's battles." There were 29 maps in the atlas, and they included detailed battle maps drawn by eyewitnesses.
William Faden was also the publisher of the periodical "the Public Ledger" or "The Daily Register" in London.
A list of the English county maps printed by William Faden is also given in one of his biographies.

</doc>
<doc id="36542804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542804" title="Stinkstein">
Stinkstein

Stinkstein (German for "stinking stone") has historically referred to:

</doc>
<doc id="36542838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542838" title="Georges-Albini Lacombe">
Georges-Albini Lacombe

Georges-Albini Lacombe (January 13, 1864 – May 17, 1941) was a Canadian physician, lawyer, and politician.
Born in Lavaltrie, Canada East, Lacombe was educated at the School of Medicine and Surgery of Montreal (now the Université de Montréal Faculty of Medicine) and the University of Winnipeg where he became a physician in 1886.
From 1886 to 1891, he practised medicine in an Indian reserve for the Government of Manitoba and for the Canadian Pacific Railway. He also practised in Faribault, Minnesota. In 1891, he was appointed a professor of anatomy in Bishop's College. Moving to Montreal, he was called to the Bar of Quebec in 1901 and practised law in Montreal until 1908.
He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Montréal division no. 1 in 1897. A Liberal, he was re-elected in 1900, 1904, and 1908. In 1908, he was appointed Registrar of the division of Hochelaga and Jacques Cartier a post he held until 1922 when he returned to his medical practice in Lavaltrie.
He died in Cartierville, Quebec in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="36542848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542848" title="Pete Holmes (politician)">
Pete Holmes (politician)

Pete Holmes is the Seattle City Attorney. He was elected in November 2009, defeating incumbent Tom Carr by a wide margin.
Previous to his election, Holmes served as an original member of the Seattle Police Department's Office of Professional Accountability Review Board (OPARB), a citizen review board which reviews police policy and procedures and maintains civilian oversight of the police department. He served as chair of OPARB between 2003 and 2008, where he advocated for public release of police records and OPARB reports.
Early life and education.
Holmes was born in Richmond, Virginia, and grew up in Buckingham County where he attended school. He went on to obtain a Bachelor of Arts from Yale College, majoring in American studies with a concentration in energy and environmental sciences. He graduated in 1978, and went to work at the Natural Resources Defense Council in Washington D.C. In 1984, he earned a law degree from the University of Virginia School of Law. After law school, he moved to Ohio, and then Seattle to begin practicing bankruptcy law. He remained in private practice for over 25 years.
2009 Campaign.
In March 2009, Holmes announced that he would challenge incumbent City Attorney Tom Carr, largely because of disagreements over the handling public disclosure for OPARB and police records. The campaign soon revealed substantial philosophical differences between the two candidates as to the role of the City Attorney. Carr stated that his role was to represent city government and provide "neutral legal advice," whereas Holmes stated that he would act as an advocate for the people of Seattle, and would work in their interest.
Holmes won widespread support from area Democrats, including the King County Democrats, as well as the 11th, 37th and 43rd District groups, while Carr drew support from the Seattle Police Officer's Guild and a former federal prosecutor. Holmes stated that he would not prosecute people for possession of marijuana, in line with a 2003 voter-approved initiative making it the lowest priority for law enforcement, whereas Carr maintained that prosecution of possession "in conjunction with other crimes" was within his authority as City Attorney. Eventually, Holmes received endorsements from both The Seattle Times and The Stranger, in large part due to the fact that he was seen as more accountable to the public.
Holmes won the election by a 26 point margin.
In office.
Holmes' first term has been an eventful one for the City, as evidenced by some of the high-profile activities he has been involved in. In the winter of 2010 and 2011, opponents of the Alaskan Way Viaduct replacement tunnel collected signatures to place on the ballot both an initiative and a referendum opposing the project. The initiative, prospectively named I-101, would seek to void the contracts made between the City of Seattle and the State of Washington necessary to proceed with construction, while the referendum sought to approve or reject the contracts once they had been finalized by the City Council. In March, Holmes filed a motion with the King County Superior Court seeking declaratory judgment against the proposed referendum, on the grounds that referenda are typically used to seek citizen review of legislation, and that voiding of administrative contracts was an improper application of the referendum process. Despite drawing criticism from tunnel advocates and local media, Holmes said that he was not attempting to block the referendum as such, but rather to ensure that it would be enforceable if approved by voters. The presiding judge ruled that the referendum would go to the ballot, where construction of the tunnel was eventually approved by voters. In a separate move, Holmes sued to prevent Initiative 101 from making the same ballot, arguing that a city initiative did not have the power to prevent the state from constructing a state highway. In this case, the judge agreed, and Initiative 101 was struck from the August ballot.
Shortly after taking office, Holmes began asking prosecutors in the Attorney's Office to seek 364 day maximum sentences for misdemeanor crimes. This was in response to federal legislation which treats all misdemeanor crimes with year long sentences as felonies when the defendant is not a citizen of the United States. In cases like these, immigration authorities are automatically alerted and deportation proceedings started, even for longtime legal residents. Through reducing sentences by one day, Holmes hoped to avoid these automatic deportations and allow for greater flexibility in the system. A year later, the Washington State Legislature changed the maximum sentence for misdemeanor crimes to 364 days, in part at Holmes' urging. Legal residents convicted of felonies, as well as misdemeanor domestic violence, still face deportation under the law.
Marijuana Offenses.
In the months after Holmes was elected, arrests for possession of marijuana increased significantly, but none of these cases were prosecuted. While one case was filed, the office stated that this was an error, and in other respects Holmes abided by his campaign promise not to prosecute cases of marijuana possession. He authored an editorial in the "Seattle Times" calling for legalization, and has since endorsed a state initiative to legalize, tax and regulate marijuana for adult use.
Initiative 502.
In the summer of 2011 and away from City Hall, Holmes began to advocate vocally in support of Washington Initiative 502, a state ballot initiative aimed at legalizing, regulating, and taxing marijuana for adult recreational use. As one of the earliest sponsors of 502, Holmes edited drafts of the initiative and secured the support of John McKay, a former United States Attorney. He spoke at Hempfest, an annual gathering advocating legalization of marijuana, where he supported 502's passage on behalf of New Approach Washington, the initiative's sponsor. A "front rank campaigner" for legalization, Holmes frequently provided his legal opinion in local press, radio, and television broadcasts, and took part in public debates as an advocate of legalization where he framed the issue as a method of confronting racially disproportionate drug enforcement.
On Election Day, Initiative 502 passed by ten points. Since, Holmes has worked to clarify the details of the new law, and has stated a commitment to work with federal regulators and Justice Department officials to reach agreement on how Washington's legalization will be affected by federal law. The depth of Holmes's involvement in I-502 was such as to lead to what the state's Public Disclosure Commission characterized as inadvertent, minor violations of state law, due to his failure to consistently keep his advocacy completely separate from the marijuana policy aspects of his city work.
Police Reforms.
In 2011, the Seattle Police Department was subject to a Department of Justice investigation, which found that officers had engaged in a pattern or practice of excessive use of force. The Justice Department alleged that one in every five uses of force by an officer violated the Constitution's protections against illegal search and seizure, and further noted concerns about discriminatory policing, though no specific violations were identified. Seattle Police Chief John Diaz reacted with skepticism, claiming that there were concerns with the validity of the Justice Department's report. On March 29, 2012, Mayor Mike McGinn announced a plan to reform the police department which promised "20 initiatives in 20 months." The so-called "20/20" initiative was criticized by Justice Department representatives for failing to set measurable goals for enforcement. In two separate letters addressed to Holmes, Justice Department attorney Jonathan Smith accused City officials of negotiating in poor faith after several documents related to the investigation were leaked by the City. Shortly after this, Holmes sent the mayor's office a strongly worded letter urging him and the City's negotiating team to cooperate with the Justice Department, and warning that the July 31 negotiating deadline set by the Department was likely the last chance for the City to avoid a federal lawsuit. Following a series of last-minute negotiations, the City and Justice Department arrived at a workable compromise on July 26; a settlement agreement announced the next day included substantial reforms of police practices.

</doc>
<doc id="36542928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542928" title="Abdul Hamid Mony">
Abdul Hamid Mony

Abdul Hamid Mony (born March 14, 1989 in Ambon) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persiba Balikpapan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36542960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542960" title="Family Reunion (band)">
Family Reunion (band)

Family Reunion is the world’s first “virtual” country music band. It is composed of six anonymous American musicians and composers living in Virginia, Tennessee, Texas, and California.
Background.
In 2010, Family Reunion released the single "Blue Collar King". The members live in different parts of the US. 
The six professional musicians and songwriters in Family Reunion have over 50 years of experience in the music industry. But tiring of playing "On the Road Again" on the road for so long, they had individually decided to settle down with more stable gigs including session work and sound production for film. Then a chance discussion at an actual family reunion united the six individual musicians into a single, country-wide band.
In 2010, Family Reunion were awarded platinum and gold “Auddys” from the music review site Uplaya.com. In 2011, their singles “A Hard Man (Is Good To Find)” and “Yes” reached the top 40 charts of the European ECMA. In 2012 their debut CD, Family Album was released. The album received a short review in The Dallas Morning News (rated "B"). Later that year Family Reunion was nominated for 3 ICoMA Awards (Song of the Year, Album of the Year and Best Country Band.) In June of 2012 they were presented with the award for the Independent Country Music Association (ICoMA) Album of the Year.
Discography.
Albums.
Tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="36542974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542974" title="Nene Humphrey">
Nene Humphrey

Nene Humphrey is a New York-based sculptor and installation artist. Her work, focusing on sensory experiences of the world, human psychology and handcraft, has been compared to that of Kiki Smith, Janine Antoni, Petah Coyne, and Louise Bourgeois. She has lived and worked in New York since 1978.
Education and Early Work.
Humphrey received her M.A. at Goddard College, Boston in 1972 and her M.F.A. at York University, Toronto in 1978. In the 1980s she became known for works made with wax, plaster, wood, and wire armatures. These abstract sculptures alluded to and were directly informed by bodily processes and the human form, “the body’s operating systems, its electrical and mechanical structures.”
Her emphasis on material specificity drew comparisons to postminimal sculptors like Eva Hesse.
Like Hesse’s anti-forms, Humphrey’s sculptures referenced minimalism’s formal severity and also examined it critically. Close observation of these works revealed textures by turns soft and ragged, an effect of eroding the surface and “literally scarring or wounding the form.”
As Art in America observed of the work in 1992, “Sterile from a distance, their tactile and organic qualities become evident as one approaches… Paradoxically, this crudeness softens the work’s appearance.”
Her work "Breathing Wall for Vesalius" (1985–86) was made after a back injury left her incapacitated, resulting in drawing studies and a series of sculptural structures with spine-like columns.
"Spoons" and "A Wild Patience".
In the mid 1990s Humphrey made a series of works in collaboration with the artist’s mother, a homemaker from whose “unheroic” house-bound labor Humphrey previously “had felt disconnected.” Accepting an offer of help in her studio during one of her mother’s visits, Humphrey was made aware of the relationship between her practice and her training under her mother during childhood. Humphrey’s "Spoon" series developed out of an interest in domestic handcraft, and the connection between imprints left by the body and its reciprocal marks in acts such as sewing, scouring, sweeping and braiding. Later compared to Janine Antoni’s silver spoon casts ("Umbilical" edition, 2000) , the resulting "Mother’s Spoon" casts (1996) were meditations on the nature of the related gestures of stirring and feeding alongside their sculptural counterparts.
"Loculus".
Humphrey’s "Loculus" series (1999-2001) continued the artist’s interest in meditative repetition. The "Loculus" works involved masses of hand-stitched red discs, affixed to the wall or standing structures by trails of thread. As Ariella Budick noted in Newsday Magazine in 2000, the works had a biological appearance “like an enlargement of clustered cells. (The title refers to the cavities in a plant ovary.)” These clusters drew comparisons both to the biologic imagery of blood clots and spermazoa, and more figuratively to strategic maps and prom corsages. Works from Humphrey’s "Loculus" series were shown at Kiang Gallery in Atlanta, Dorsky Gallery in New York, the Islip Art Museum in Islip, NY, and were included in Site and Insight at MoMA PS1 in 2003.
"Plain Sense of Things" and "Circling the Center".
Following the death of her husband, Humphrey embarked upon a multidisciplinary project reflecting on the psychological process of mourning, and its physiological index in the mourner’s brain. In collaboration with scientists at the New York University LeDoux neuroscience laboratory, where she has been an artist in residence since 2005, Humphrey worked to create visualizations from recorded data of brain activity in the amygdala, the part of the brain where emotions reside. Drawings extrapolated from these images served as the framework for a series of two-dimensional, installation, video and sound works. Its first iteration debuted at Lesley Heller Gallery under the title "The Plain Sense of Things." Of the multiple levels of content the exhibition confronted, New York Times critic Holland Cotter wrote, “Order and chaos do battle here; the territory charted is both global… and microscopic.”
In a later installation titled "Circling the Center" at Savanna College of Art and Design, the drawings were shown alongside a performance overseen by Humphrey and featuring SCAD students, faculty and alumni. “Inspired by Victorian mourning braiding, a 19th century tradition in which loved ones would weave the deceased’s hair into a cherished memento,” performers amassed wire braids which were added to a central structure each day, “to create a multimedia experience devoted to the persistence of memory.”
Grants, Institutional Residencies and Teaching.
Humphrey is the recipient of the Montalvo Artist Fellowship (2012), the Agnes Gund Production Grant for Video (2010), the Smithsonian Institution Artist Research Fellowship (2007), the Anonymous Was a Woman Award (1999), the Rockefeller Foundation Fellowship (1986), and the National Endowment for the Arts Artist Grant (1983). She served as faculty at Parsons School of Art and Design from 1992 to 1998, at New York University in 2005, and at the Vermont Studio Center from 2004 to 2009, and was a visiting artist at Brandeis University in 1999 and 2001. She is currently an artist in residence at the New York University LeDoux Center for Neuroscience.

</doc>
<doc id="36542985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542985" title="Military equipment of Sweden during World War II">
Military equipment of Sweden during World War II

Sweden was formally a non-belligerent nation throughout World War II, but saw considerable military build-up as the level of threat from the Soviet Union or Nazi Germany increased. Between 10,000 and 20,000 Swedes fought as volunteers abroad, a majority of them in service of Finland during the Winter War.
Army.
Small arms.
In the early stages of the war, Sweden relied on a numerous army through conscription and the use of a Total Defence policy. In 1945, the Swedish army had been modernized from the use of World War I weapons to semi-automatic rifles and high-tech firearms such as the Carl Gustav. The infantry had also been equipped with a great deal of rocket launchers for anti-tank warfare, and the availability of artillery had increased drastically with the World War II build-up. Throughout World War II, Sweden held the largest infantry army of the Nordic countries with more than 1,000,000 soldiers.
Armoured fighting vehicles.
At the beginning of World War II, Sweden had a very low number of motorized vehicles, instead relying horses for transportation. When the war broke out in 1939, Sweden had one armoured division consisting of merely 13 light tanks, only 3 of which were considered to be modern (the remaining 10 had been in service since the 1920s). In 1945, the number of tanks serving the Swedish army had increased from 13 to more than 800.
Number of tanks pre-war: 14
Number of tanks in 1939: 29
Number of tanks in 1940: 38
Number of tanks in 1941: 135
Number of tanks in 1942: 373
Number of tanks in 1943: 544
Number of tanks in 1944: 795
Number of tanks in 1945: 795+
Artillery.
Sweden's artillery corps was made to specialize in mobility and warfare in the Swedish homeland terrain, which mostly consisted of thick forests and small, remote towns. Anti-aircraft warfare was considered important even before the war began, due to Sweden's small aircraft capacity in the 1930s. The Bofors 40 mm, a Swedish auto cannon, was exported to most warring countries in thousands of examples, making it the most common anti-aircraft weapon of the war.
Navy.
The Swedish government saw a strong naval defense against a possible Soviet invasion as a high priority during World War II, and like with the rest of Sweden's military the Royal Navy lived through an enormous enhancement, ending up as the second-strongest naval power of the Baltic Sea after the Soviet Union.
Destroyers.
Number of destroyers pre-war: 13
Number of destroyers in 1939: 14
Number of destroyers in 1940: 19
Number of destroyers in 1941: 20
Number of destroyers in 1942: 23
Number of destroyers in 1943: 27
Number of destroyers in 1944: 28
Number of destroyers in 1945: 28
Air force.
Sweden's air force at the beginning of World War II was relatively small and lacked modern radar systems, engines, or weaponry. This changed during the build-up in the 1940s, though, eventually providing Sweden with an aircraft storage that was both numerous and of high quality, in preparation for the Cold War.
Fighter aircraft.
Just as the rest of the Swedish Armed Forces, the number of fighter aircraft increased drastically from 98 before the war to almost 600 in 1945. 239 additional aircraft were manufactured immediately after the war.
Number of fighters pre-war: 98
Number of fighters in 1939: 158
Number of fighters in 1940: 290
Number of fighters in 1941: 290
Number of fighters in 1942: 485
Number of fighters in 1943: 485
Number of fighters in 1944: 485
Number of fighters in 1945: 593
Number of fighters post-war: 832
Bomber aircraft.
During World War II the Swedish government maintained a neutral (alternatively, defensive) stance and thus saw no priority in adding offensive aircraft to the air force. Despite this, a fairly large number of bombers and ground-attack aircraft served in the Swedish air force during World War II and after, possibly for intimidation purposes - in fact, after 1940, Sweden had more bombers than fighter aircraft. These offensive aircraft may have been meant to attack Soviet naval bases in the Baltic Sea, and some of the later designs could even reach Moscow with full payload.
Number of bombers pre-war: 88
Number of bombers in 1939: 116
Number of bombers in 1940: 276
Number of bombers in 1941: 346
Number of bombers in 1942: 534
Number of bombers in 1943: 743
Number of bombers in 1944: 775
Number of bombers in 1945: 879

</doc>
<doc id="36542988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36542988" title="Tribute to the Lady">
Tribute to the Lady

Tribute to the Lady - Billie Holliday is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Sam Cooke.

</doc>
<doc id="36543004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543004" title="Late 2011 Telangana protests">
Late 2011 Telangana protests

The Late 2011 Telangana protests refers to a chain of protests as part of Telangana movement between September and December 2011. Sakala Janula samme or All peoples strike is the biggest protest of all. The strike lasted for over 6weeks mainly affecting public services and local economy. On a call given by JAC, road blockades on national highways throughout Telangana, rail blockade and the strike of auto rikshaw union were organised on 24 and 25 September causing disruption in transport services. As the All People's strike entered the 30th day on 14 October 2011, Medak's MP Vijayashanti criticised the Congress high command for the delay in making the decision on Telangana and said Congress wants the issue to prolong until 2014. She further said the strike should continue until the formation of Telanana state. After 42 days, on 24 October, government employees unions called off the strike. Kodandaram said that the strike had impacted the overall thinking of the Centre towards creation of separate State and the movement will continue with other protest activities.
Sakala Janula Samme.
On 12 September 2011, a day before Sakala Janula Samme(All people's strike), TRS organised a public meeting in Karimnagar which was attended by over a million people including TJAC leaders, BJP and New Democracy party leaders. Starting 13 September, as part of 'strike by all section of people' supporting Telangana statehood, government employees throughout Telangana stayed out of work, lawyers boycotted courts and 60,000 coal miners of Singareni Collieries(SCCL Ltd.) also joined the strike. On 14 & 15 September, nearly 450 movie Theaters in Telangana were closed at the call given by Telangana film chamber. Starting 16 September, government teachers joined the strike. Private school managements declared one day holiday in support of the strike. On 19 September, state road transport corporation employees and state electricity board employees in Telangana joined the indefinite strike.
On a call given by JAC, road blockades on national highways throughout Telangana, rail blockade and the strike of auto rikshaw union were organised on 24 and 25 September causing disruption in transport services. Virtually all sections of people joined this strike.
On 30 September, as the strike entered the 18th day, even while Congress central leadership met several Telangana congress leaders, JAC called a bundh in Hyderabad city. On 2 October, JAC leaders, employee unions leaders and TRS leaders including KCR met Prime minister to explain the situation in Telangna due to the strike and asked to expedite the decision on the statehood demand. The strike has resulted in an unprecedented power crisis in the state with only 223 MU of power generated against the demand of 275MU impacting both the industry and agriculture.
On 9 October, some workers of the Youth Congress agitated and threw chairs at each other at the Gandhi Bhavan in Hyderabad demanding postponement of a membership drive till an official announcement on Telangana. They also demanded that a separate Telangana Youth Congress be formed for the youth from Telangana. On 10 October, Telangana activists attacked a private college in Hyderabad and threw stones at the windows of a college in Kukatpally, where majority residents are migrants from Andhra region, badly damaging the window panes. Worried parents of some children protested outside the college demanding that schools and colleges be excluded from the strikes and conflicts as the students have missed classes for a month already. The majority of colleges and schools remained shut in the twin cities of Hyderabad and Secunderabad.
After being criticised by both the Congress high command as well as the Centre over how he has been handling the issue, CM N Kiran Kumar Reddy said that the government would adopt a zero-tolerance system and will initiate stern action against anyone trying to create any law and order problem or cause any inconvenience to the people. He cautioned them saying that the stir is spoiling the prospects of the youth.
After 22 days of strike, the APSRTC resumed plying buses after one of the unions suspended the strike. Telangana union leaders condemned the decision and said that a union leader belonging to Andhra-Seema region had no right to withdraw the strike. This led to split in the union and Telangana union leaders floated a separate body and decided to continue the strike.
Due to this, only few buses returned to service. On 13 October, the parents of most school-going children warned the TJAC that to call of the strike for the schools and colleges by 15 October after which they will chalk out their course of action. Eight Congress MPs from Telangana, who resigned in July demanding a separate state of Telangana, insisted the speaker to accept their resignations on 12 October. They also demanded that the Group-II exams, screening test for thousands of state government jobs, be postponed until the strike is over.
As the "All People's strike" entered the 30th day on 14 October 2011, Medak's MP Vijayashanti criticised the Congress high command for the delay in making the decision on Telangana and said Congress wants the issue to prolong until 2014. She further said the strike should continue until the formation of Telanana state. On that day, the government of Andhra Pradesh decided to hold talks with the Employees Joint Action Committee and initiate action against uniformed personnel who participated in the strike KT Rama Rao alleged that the CM of Andhra Pradesh was bribing the T Congress MLAs to lure them out of the agitation. This was strongly refuted by the Congress leaders who demanded an apology from KTR and challenged him to reveal the names of MLAs who took bribe.
On the 1st day of Rail blockade on 15 October 110 trains were cancelled and 68 trains were diverted. The railways operated 12 trains and Hyderabad metro trails with full police protection. Telangana protestors tried to have sit in on rail platforms or on railway tracks at various places. Police arrested thousands of protesters including 8 MPs and 4 MLAs. On same day, employee unions of road transport corporation called off the strike. On 16 October, JAC gave a call for Telangana Bundh(general strike) for next day to protest police action during the agitation and the rail blockade. They then cancelled the 3rd day of rail blockade. Teachers union also said they will attend the schools in the interest of students but they will not sign the attendance registers and will not take the salaries. Some teachers donated the salary they got for the strike period. They felt that teachers have become scapegoats at the hands of the their state leaders who have a personal agenda and called off the strike as part of this. Normal life was again affected as the public transport facilities, especially busses which were properly resumed after the 28-day long strike were again off the roads. Schools, colleges and offices were again shut for 17 October, as the agitation continued. On the same day, Coal miners called off their strike.
On 17 October, Pocharam Srinivas Reddy, who resigned from assembly and from TDP to join TRS, was re-elected to assembly. He got about 68% of polled votes while his opponent from congress got 27% votes. TDP did not field a candidate. After his victory in Banswada bypoll, which was far lesser margin than he anticipated, he warned Andhra settlers in the region with dire consequences for not voting for him. He had hoped for one lakh majority in the byelection in view of the ongoing high voltage Telangana movement. He accused Andhra settlers of ignoring the Telangana sentiment and voting for his opponent. This hurt the feelings of settlers in the region.
Efforts to end strike.
With the agitation for statehood to Telangana intensifying, the congress has decided to speed up all the discussions and quickly solve the problem.
On 30 September 2011 Ghulam Nabi Azad, Congress party's AP state in-charge, submitted to Congress president an internal party report about Telangana issue after holding consultations with leaders from Telangana, Rayalaseema and coastal Andhra regions for over two months.
On 8 October, Azad said that the key leaders of the Congress and the centre have met nine leaders from Andhra Pradesh including the chief minister and are working on finding a solution to the issue as soon as possible. PM Manmohan Singh indicated that resolving the Telangana statehood issue might “take some time.” Maintaining that there has not been any “inaction” by the government over the crisis, the Prime Minister said that “given the complications involved in settlement, it will take some time.” Dr Singh said that the government "is engaged in widespread dialogue and discussions with all the stakeholders and hopes to reach a win-win situation for all concerned through the process."
After 42 days, on 24 October, government employees unions called off the strike. Kodandaram said that the strike had impacted the overall thinking of the Centre towards creation of separate State and the movement will continue with other protest activities.
Criticism of the Strike.
Madiga Reservation Porata Samithi (MRPS) president criticised that KCR, TJAC Chairman Kodandaram, Harish Rao and others were encouraging the students to take active part in the ongoing agitation for Telangana, and alleged that they were not allowing their own children to take part in the stir. While demanding that the Telangana leaders disclose the details of where their children were pursuing studies, he said that children from oppressed sections of the society, were being deprived of the opportunity to pursue studies, under the influence of the T-stir, while the children from the T-leaders were being sent abroad or other areas, to pursue studies without any disturbance. This opinion was also voiced by Samaikyandhra protagonists who pointed out that that while farmers, school children, parents and general public were facing untold misery due to the strike, the life of rich people like KCR continues to be luxurious as they ply in high-end cars and their children study in top corporate schools, which remain open despite the crippling strike.
On 22 October, activists of the Prajasanghala (People’s organisations) JAC protested in front of Prof. Kodandram's house alleging that the TJAC changed its stand on Sakala Janula Samme and on a separate Telangana after Kodandaram and KCR's visit to New Delhi. They alleged the TJAC had entered into a pact with the Centre and is deliberately diluting the movement.
On 11 October, a case was filed against KCR, under IPC section 153, for delivering instigating speeches and creating rift between people from different regions in the state. FIR said that he had tried to instigate people to attack Telangana representatives for not resigning for the cause of Telangana. Later that day, Police have also added the two leaders Swami Goud and Vithal of the Telangana Joint Action Committee after they demanded that the Police of Hyderabad city would also join the struggle for a separate state. The Samaikyandhra Joint Action Committee reported that KCR was behaving rudely while he was in Telangana region and wise when he was Delhi, at the Union government. They also demanded that the government should seize the properties of KCR as to recover from the losses caused by the All people's strike.
Many Telangana activists headed by Telangana Praja Front leader Gaddar are contemplating to form a new party to take the Telangana movement forward. Dr Sangam Prithviraj, leader of the Telangana Students Joint Action Committee, who supports Gaddar in forming the new political force, also blamed KCR for the movement fizzling out. "KCR kept the students out of the agitation this time and this was an intentional ploy to ensure that the new state is not formed," he said.
Losses due to the strike.
In response to a lawsuit that seeks a direction that a new state shouldn’t be carved out from the parent territory, the Supreme Court of India took strong exception to the prolonged agitation during which normal life gets affected, courts become paralysed and colossal damage is done to public property. It sought responses from the AP government and TRS.
Aftermath.
On 29 October 2011, three Congress party MLAs belonging to Telangana region resigned and joined TRS in protest as they were diappointed with Congress leadership's delay in Telangana state formation. With fears of Maoists infiltrating the Telangana movement, the CM of Andhra Pradesh was provided with bullet proof podium for his speech on AP formation day on 1 November 2011. On 1 November, Congress MLA Komatireddy Venkat Reddy started an indefinite hunger strike until the central government announced a roadmap for Telangana state. 5 days later, the fast was broken when police arrested him under Section 309 of IPC (attempt to commit suicide) and shifted him to NIMS, Hyderabad where he was kept under intravenous fluids. He ended his fast on 9 November. 97-year old Freedom fighter Konda Laxman Bapuji also launched his week-long satyagraha at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi, demanding statehood to the region.
On 7 November 2011 Actress Shriya Saran was attacked by a mob claiming to be TRS activists during a shoot in Hyderabad. They threatened her to say 'Jai Telangana' by shouting out cuss words. The actress later tweeted, "How can they break my car, throw stones, stop shoot and threaten me to say Jai Telangana. That too in broad day light, Police staring at all of this. What about freedom and safety? Thank god the stone didn't hit me. Both the windows of my car are broken. I am disgusted, I'm born in India. I deserve my freedom and safety is my right (sic)". TRS activists also attacked Parakala Prabhakar when in a Television interview he said that there was no Telangana sentiment among people and whatever Prof. Jayashankar claimed about injustice meted out to Telangana was false propaganda and he was ready to prove his point given a chance.
On 10 November 2011 Andhra Pradesh State Director General of Police said there is no active involvement of Maoists in the Telangana movement. After the proposal by UP Chief Minister Mayawati to split Uttar Pradesh into four states, the BJP, which is a strong advocate of smaller states, demanded formation of the second State Reorganisation Commission (SRC) for restructuring and splitting big states into smaller ones.
Minister of State for Home Affairs, Jitendra Singh informed in the Rajya Sabha that the government of India will move to create a new state only when there is a consensus in the parent state that one part be separated to form a new state. In December 2011, TRS Politburo member C Sudhakar was sentenced to one year in jail under the provisions of National Security Act. He was arrested during the Sakala Janula Samme on the charges that he hurled stones on RTC buses and prevented Andhra region buses from plying in Telangana. On 19 January 2012, BJP led by State party president Kishan Reddy started the 22-day Telangana 'Poru Yatra', a journey of 3500 km in Telangana, to touch 986 villages and 88 assembly constituencies stressing the need for Telangana stance. Though the tour was successful in reiterating the party's pro-Telangana stance, it could not garner as much support as hoped because of the indifferent attitude of the TRS & TJAC. In fact the failure of the TRS in declaring its support to Kishan Reddy’s yatra has resulted in growing differences between the two parties.

</doc>
<doc id="36543018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543018" title="P. S. Karthikeyan">
P. S. Karthikeyan

P. S. Karthikeyan (January 1918–January 24, 1983) was an Indian politician who was a member of the Kerala Legislative Assembly. He was a member of the Indian National Congress. Former Secretary, S.N. Trust, Former Director of SNDP Yogam.

</doc>
<doc id="36543078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543078" title="Iqbal Samad">
Iqbal Samad

Iqbal Samad (born on June 17, 1983 in Gowa Regency) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSM Makassar in the Indonesia Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="36543080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543080" title="List of museums in Australia">
List of museums in Australia

This list of museums in the Australia contains lists of museums which are defined for this context as institutions (including nonprofit organizations, government entities, and private businesses) that collect and care for objects of cultural, artistic, scientific, or historical interest and make their collections or related exhibits available for public viewing. Also included are non-profit art galleries and university art galleries. 

</doc>
<doc id="36543090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543090" title="Clément Robillard">
Clément Robillard

Clément Robillard (May 31, 1850 – March 20, 1926) was a Canadian politician.
Born in Lavaltrie, near L'Assomption, Canada East, Robillard was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Montréal division no. 2 in a 1909 by-election. A Liberal, he was re-elected in the riding of Montréal–Saint-Jacques in 1912 and 1916. He did not run in 1919. He was appointed to the Legislative Council of Quebec for de Lanaudière in 1919.
He died in office in Montreal in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="36543111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543111" title="Yainelis Ribeaux">
Yainelis Ribeaux

Yainelis Ribeaux Rustafull (or "Yainelis Riveaux Rustaful", born 30 December 1987) is a Cuban track and field athlete who competes in the javelin throw. She was the 2009 Central American and Caribbean Champion in the event and runner-up at the 2011 Pan American Games. She represented Cuba at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics. Her personal best is 63.18 metres.
Born in Songo – La Maya, Santiago de Cuba, Ribeaux started out in the javelin throw as a teenager, clearing fifty metres for the first time in 2005 and setting a best of 55.34 m a year later. She established herself at the national level in 2009 when she improved her best by more than five metres to win at the Barrientos Memorial. Her mark of 61.72 m was enough to defeat former Olympic champion Osleidys Menéndez. She threw the javelin 63.18 m later that season and was the gold medallist at the 2009 Central American and Caribbean Championships in Athletics ahead of perennial champion Laverne Eve. She was elected to compete at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics but did not progress beyond the qualifying round.
In 2010 she only cleared sixty metres once with her season's best of 60.88 m. She was runner-up at the Barrientos Memorial and "Olimpiada del Deporte Cubano" that year in Cuba, and was the representative for the Americas at the 2010 IAAF Continental Cup, where she came seventh. She won the Barrientos meet the following season and defeated Leryn Franco to win the javelin title at the 2011 ALBA Games. A throw of 62.30 m in August (her second best at that point) preceded her appearance at the 2011 Pan American Games. There she took the silver medal, ahead of national rival Yanet Cruz but behind American Alicia DeShasier.
She broke the meet record at the 2012 Ponce Grand Prix and a throw of 60.70 m, as well as a win at the IAAF Centenary meet in Havana, was enough to gain selection for the Cuban team at the 2012 London Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36543134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543134" title="The Samurai Kill">
The Samurai Kill

The SAmurai Kill is the 215 novel in the long-running Nick Carter-Killmaster series.
Publishing history.
The book was first published in 1986
Tagline.
Agent N3 battles the ultimate biological weapon
Plot summary.
No one knew what it was or where it came from. Or why it had begun its rampage of destruction: attacking scuba divers with its deadly sting. Sabotaging top secret U.S. installments for a "Star Wars" project and destroying a Soviet spy ship.
A biological weapon of unknown origins, the green vegetation thrived in the Pacific waters, striking and disappearing, inflaming the tension between the U.S. and Russia. Nick Carter is fast on the tracks of the mysterious force but the plot has already been triggered...

</doc>
<doc id="36543175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543175" title="The Parent Report">
The Parent Report

The Parent Report is a nationally syndicated radio feature that airs on a network of over 90 radio stations across Canada and into parts of the US. Both the radio feature and companion website TheParentReport.com feature interviews with hundreds of world-renowned parenting experts including T. Berry Brazelton, Penelope Leach, Michelle Borba, Barbara Coloroso, and Dr. Benjamin Spock. 

</doc>
<doc id="36543183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543183" title="Cooke's Tour">
Cooke's Tour

"Cooke's Tour" is the sixth studio album by American singer-songwriter Sam Cooke. Produced by Hugo & Luigi, the album was released in April 1960 in the United States by RCA Victor. "Cooke's Tour" was the singer's first on the RCA Victor album.
The album was remastered in 2011 as a part of "The RCA Albums Collection".
Background.
As Keen's marketing was limited, Sam Cooke began to shop around to other labels in February 1960. Interest was immediate from labels such as Atlantic and Capitol, but Cooke signed with Hugo Peretti and Luigi Creatore at RCA Victor, who offered a $100,000 advance. RCA Victor had previously signed Jesse Belvin, Della Reese and the Isley Brothers, and Peretti and Creatore were set on making Cooke an international album artist.
"Cooke's Tour", recorded on March 2 and 3, 1960, is an "adventurous travelogue" that explores various territories around the world. Glen Osser wrote arrangements and conducted the album’s orchestra, which was a R&B rhythm section and a fifteen-piece string ensemble. Cooke was closest to the album’s final track, "The House I Live In," as he had just moved into his dream home in Leimert Park, Los Angeles.
Track listing.
All songs arranged and conducted by Glen Osser.
Personnel.
All credits adapted from "The RCA Albums Collection" (2011) liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="36543187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543187" title="Eki Nurhakim">
Eki Nurhakim

Eki Nurhakim (born on September 3, 1983 in Bandung) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persiba Balikpapan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36543199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543199" title="Methodist Episcopal Church (Devils Lake, North Dakota)">
Methodist Episcopal Church (Devils Lake, North Dakota)

The Methodist Episcopal Church on 5th St., NE in Devils Lake, North Dakota was built in 1915. It was designed by local architect Joseph A. Shannon. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36543204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543204" title="Marlena Wesh">
Marlena Wesh

Marlena Wesh (born February 16, 1991) is a Haitian-American sprinter competing in the 2012 Summer Olympics for Haiti in the women's 200-meter and 400-meter sprints.
Biography.
She was born and raised in Virginia, but is eligible to compete for Haiti because both her parents were born and raised there. She has never been to Haiti though she is a citizen there also. Four of the five athletes representing Haiti at the 2012 Olympics are not from Haiti. Wesh says, "I still feel Haitian even if I wasn't born there".
After graduating from Landstown High School in Virginia Beach, Virginia in 2009, She enrolled at Oklahoma, where she was given a full scholarship, but later she transferred and she enrolled at Clemson University in South Carolina and should graduate in 2013. She is majoring in psychology. She won the 400-meter sprint for Clemson in April 2012 at the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) Outdoor championships with a time of 51.43 seconds, which was a meet record and her 4th consecutive 400-meter ACC championship. It is a current American college record and 17th best in the world. This time made her eligible to compete in the Olympics for both Haiti and America. She is the only one of her parents' five children that considers themselves Haitian-American. Haitian Olympic hurdler Nadine Faustin-Parker encouraged her to run for Haiti. She earned All-American designation in March 2012 in a Division I championship at Boise State University in Idaho. In early July 2012, just prior to the London Olympics, Wesh ran her personal best in the 400-meters with a time of 51.23, just 0.03 seconds behind the first place finisher. On Friday, August 3, she achieved her goal of making it to the 400-meter semi-finals in the 2012 London Olympics, having come in third in her heat. On Saturday, August 4, she failed to make it to the finals, placing 8th in her heat and 19th overall, with a time of 52:49.
Wesh's brother Darrell could also have run for Haiti in the 2012 Olympics but chose to try to make the American team. He is a student at Virginia Tech.

</doc>
<doc id="36543221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543221" title="Psathyrella ammophila">
Psathyrella ammophila

Psathyrella ammophila is a species of fungus in the family Psathyrellaceae and is found throughout Europe. Commonly known as the dune brittlestem, this agaric primarily grows on sand dunes near marram grass, feeding saprotrophically on the decaying roots. The season of growth is generally May to November.
"P. ammophila" is variable in appearance, changing colour and shape during its lifespan. Initially bell-shaped and tan or pale brown, the cap gradually flattens and darkens, becoming dark brown with a depressed shape as it ages.
Taxonomy.
"Psathyrella ammophila" was first described in 1868 by Michel Charles Durieu de Maisonneuve and Joseph-Henri Léveillé in one of Durieu de Maisonneuve's publications on the flora and fauna of Algeria, "Exploration scientifique de l'Algérie: Sciences naturelles, botanique". They gave it the scientific name "Agaricus ammophilus". The species was identified and described a further five times under different names, until 1960, when the botanist P.D. Orton gave the definitive classification in the journal "Transactions of the British Mycological Society" (now "Fungal Biology").
The genus name "Psathyrella" is a diminutive form of "Psathyra", derived from the Greek word meaning "friable", "psathuros" (ψαθυρος). This name, like the common name brittlestem for many of the "Psathyrella" species, is related to the fragile nature of the cap and stem. The specific epithet "ammophila" originates from the Greek words "ammos" (ἄμμος), meaning sand, and "phillia" (ϕιλος), meaning lover, a reference to the mushroom's sand dune habitat.
Description.
Typically small- to medium-sized, "P. ammophila" is found growing singly or in small clumps near marram grass. The cap is a light clay-brown or tan when younger and about in diameter. Although the cap is generally smooth, it possesses microscopically tiny hairs and is often coated with sand particles. The tissue is not hygrophanous and therefore does not change colour with moisture loss and absorption, but the mushrooms do darken to a dark brown as they age. Cap shape begins as campanulate or convex, gradually flattening and possibly becoming depressed in shape.
The gills of "P. ammophila" are crowded and attached to the stem usually broadly (adnate) but occasionally narrowly (adnexed). At a very young age they may be a pallid brown, but for most of the lifespan are dark brown, sometimes turning black.
The stipe/stem is light grey to pale brown and centrally attached to the cap. The surface is smooth, sometimes with small vertical ridges. It is deeply rooted in the substrate for feeding on the roots of marram grass and for stability in its sand dune habitat. Above ground, its height is typically tall and its diameter is slender, about . There is no ring.
The basidia bear four spores. The spores are dark brown and smooth, ellipsoid in shape, and 10 to 11 µm × 6 to 7 µm. There is a large germ pore on each spore.
Flesh of the cap and stem is pale, thin, and brittle. Neither the taste nor the odour of the mushroom is distinctive, and it is considered inedible, though not particularly noted as being toxic.
"Conocybe dunensis" is a similar species that is mainly differentiated from "P. ammophila" by the rust colour of its gills.
Distribution and habitat.
"Psathyrella ammophila" has a wide but sparse distribution throughout the European continent and in limited coastal locations outside Europe, with records of collection in Algeria, New Zealand, and Canada. It can sometimes be found near the shoreline, inside the littoral zone, but is most often encountered in more stable and established sand dunes and dune slacks inland. The presence of marram grass nearby is a key aspect of its habitat, as it has a symbiotic (specifically, commensal) relationship with the plants, using their decaying roots as food. The mushrooms grow singly or in clumps and are, to some degree, sympatric with the fly "Delia albula". The fungivorous larvae of the fly develops in "P. ammophila" parasitically, though will also attack other fungi.

</doc>
<doc id="36543223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543223" title="Hits of the 50's">
Hits of the 50's

"Hits of the 50's" is the seventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Sam Cooke. Produced by Hugo & Luigi, the album was released in August 1960 in the United States by RCA Victor. "Hits of the 50's" is a covers album consisting of Cooke's versions of songs by such artists as Nat King Cole, Frankie Avalon, and Doris Day.
The album was remastered in 2011 as a part of "The RCA Albums Collection".
Background.
"Hits of the 50's" was recorded only two weeks following the sessions that produced "Cooke's Tour" in March 1960, over a month prior to the release of that album. The bulk of the album was recorded on March 23, 1960, with the remaining numbers—"The Great Pretender", "You, You, You", "The Wayward Wind", "Cry", and "Venus"—being recorded the following day. Much of the same musicians that recorded on "Cooke's Tour" returned for "Hits of the 50's".
Track listing.
All songs arranged and conducted by Glen Osser.
Personnel.
All credits adapted from "The RCA Albums Collection" (2011) liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="36543224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543224" title="Zynx Health">
Zynx Health

Zynx Health Incorporated is an American corporation specializing in providing evidence-based clinical decision support system solutions made available at the point of patient care through electronic health record (EHR) systems. Based in Los Angeles, the company serves over 1,900 hospitals and outpatient practices globally, though most are located in the US. As of 2012, Zynx Health products and services impact over 50% of hospital discharges in the US. Because of the company’s impact on care delivery proportional to its size, "Healthcare Informatics" named it one of the “Most Interesting Vendors” in 2011 and included it on its HCI 100 list. "Modern Healthcare" named Zynx Health one of the “Best Places to Work in Healthcare” in 2011. In 2012 the company’s Chief Technology Officer, Mark Long, was awarded CIO of the Year by the "Los Angeles Business Journal". The company is generally perceived to be the first mover in evidence-based clinical decision support solutions.
Zynx Health was formed in 1996 by thought leaders in evidence-based healthcare and healthcare quality improvement. As of 2004 it is a subsidiary of Hearst Corporation.
History.
In 1996 a group of clinicians at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center founded Zynx Health as a wholly owned subsidiary of the hospital. An earlier pilot project had demonstrated the value of evidence-based guidelines in hospitals, suggesting a clear opportunity to improve patient care. The company’s first significant advancements were in 2002 and 2003, when healthcare providers realized the merit in outsourcing clinical decision support.
On May 1, 2002, Zynx Health was acquired by Cerner. Less than two years later the company was acquired by Hearst Corporation. In 2004, Zynx Health moved its offices from its original Beverly Hills, CA, location to its current location in Los Angeles, CA.
Products and Services.
Most Zynx Health products are delivered through software as a service and are customized by the end user using patented online interfaces. Currently Zynx Health produces five products related to clinical decision support. ZynxOrder is a system used by hospitals for developing and maintaining order sets based on clinical evidence, making use of rules, reminders and other tools to assist with physician decision making. ZynxCare is a care plan development system designed for hospital nursing staff and interdisciplinary teams, helping clinicians create evidence-based plans of care. ZynxAmbulatory is an evidence-based order set development system designed for outpatient physicians, also making use of clinical rules and reminders. ZynxEvidence is an online database of clinical evidence drawn from medical and interdisciplinary literature, peer-reviewed research, and national guidelines and performance measures, and is the content foundation on which other Zynx Health products are based. Access to the database is provided to client hospitals and outpatient centers as a reference resource. The company’s most recent offering, ZynxValue+, is a batch of services designed to optimize and maintain clinical decision support systems in order to help hospitals meet various performance goals.
To develop and maintain these products and services, Zynx Health physicians, nurses and other clinicians conduct unbiased research and analysis of peer-reviewed studies and best practice guidelines, distilling clinical evidence into recommendations via web-based tools that integrate into a hospital’s EHR or computerized physician order entry (CPOE) system.

</doc>
<doc id="36543240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543240" title="Ahmadi (footballer)">
Ahmadi (footballer)

Ahmadi (born June 25, 1990) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persiba Balikpapan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36543266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543266" title="William de Remmyngton">
William de Remmyngton

William de Remmyngton (also Remmington) was an English medieval monk and university chancellor. 
William de Remmyngton was a Cistercian monk at Sawley Abbey, then in the West Riding of Yorkshire. He was Chancellor of the University of Oxford between 1372 and 1373. He was opposed to John Wycliffe at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="36543279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543279" title="Devils Lake Commercial District">
Devils Lake Commercial District

The Devils Lake Commercial District in Devils Lake, North Dakota is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
It includes architecture by Joseph A. Shannon. It includes 44 contributing buildings, including the separately NRHP-listed U.S. Post Office and Courthouse (Devils Lake, North Dakota) and the Bangs-Wineman Block.
Its NRHP nomination describes a John A. Shannon, which appears to be a misstatement of local architect Joseph A. Shannon's name.

</doc>
<doc id="36543295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543295" title="Bürgermeista">
Bürgermeista

Roland Bürger (born 1972(?)), better known as "Bürgermeista" is a German guitarist and founder of the band "Bürgermeista & Die Gemeinderäte" in 2010. "Bürgermeista" is Bavarian for "Bürgermeister" (mayor), "Gemeinderäte" are the members of a municipal council.
Career.
Bürger originally comes from Dorfen near Munich. He was known as a guitarist of several musical groups. In 2008 he wrote the song "Locker macha" (Bavarian dialect for "locker machen", ~ loosen up), recorded it together with colleagues as a reggae song. and sent it to several radio stations. In the summer of 2009, a radio personality of Radio Gong 96,3, a well-known local radio in Munich, played the song in his morning program, and afterwards at the request of listeners frequently in his radio show after June 23, 2009. The song became number one of the "Reggae & Ska" downloads on amazon.com. Soon other local radio stations noticed the song, and after Bürger got a record contract at 313music JWP. The song was recorded on video. On 21 August 2009 the song was published on CD, and entered in the Media Control Top100 Singles Charts. On 4 September 2009, during the Oktoberfest, the song climbed on place 39. Altogether the song was seven weeks on the charts.

</doc>
<doc id="36543347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543347" title="Beverly, Kentucky">
Beverly, Kentucky

Beverly is an unincorporated community in Bell County, Kentucky, United States. Its post office is closed. It was also known as Nuckles and Red Bird which was a coal town.

</doc>
<doc id="36543354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543354" title="The Sacred Mirror of Kofun">
The Sacred Mirror of Kofun

The Sacred Mirror of Kofun is a 1996 puzzle video game/multimedia encyclopedia co-produced by Jean-Michel Cousteau with the cooperation of the National Center of Cinematography and the moving image and the French Ministry of Economy, Finances and Industry. It features full motion video sequences and actual underwater footage, the first game to do so.
Plot.
The game is set in 1999 (three years into the future) on the "Antares", a futuristic nautical research lab which sails of from Honolulu.
The player character is Chris Young, a former racecar driver and Gulf War pilot, who was hired by Cousteau because of his interest in marine technology, to pilot the "Antares" and find the ideal location to launch the "Poseidon" research lab.
Early in the game, the player receive a videophone message from Steve Grant of the "Worldwide Heritage Foundation". Archeologist John Braddy was after a sacred Japanese mirror of the Kofun period which belonged to a Japanese warlord Ishuta who led the Yamato armies to fend off invaders from the Kinai plains. The mirror was given to him as a talisman by his wife, Maiko. It was said that its reflection helped him defeat his enemies and afterwards his victory was engraved on the mirror. After his death, it was buried in his kofun (tomb). Fifty years after World War II, an ancient document came to light which established the mirror's historicity. Grant had failed to find the mirror but Braddy found Ishuta's lost tomb.
The player has to navigate the "Antares" to the wrecks and reefs of the West Pacific and the Palau Archipelago, explore islands, gather clues and combine them using the database of EDWARD to unfold more clues. The educational portion of the game includes scuba diving with the aid of the "Angel Shark" diver propulsion vehicle, taking photographs of the sea fauna and then cataloguing them to EDWARD. The player is additionally tasked to locate Braddy.
Characters.
There are several characters the player can interact with, mainly from the ship's intercom.
Gameplay.
The interface of the game is that of a typical first person point-and-click puzzle adventure game. The player explores environments depicted through a large series of computer generated stills, using mouse clicks for movement or to manipulate objects within reach. Environments include the CGI sections and corridors of the "Antares" or natural environment exploration on the islands, generated by actual photographs.
Production.
The game was produced by Paris-based Future Concepts, a subsidiary of IDP. It was envisioned as the first part of an edutainment multimedia title series under the name "The Interactive Adventures of Jean-Michel Cousteau". Cousteau was excited by the possibilities of interactive CD-ROM technology which would not only help his work reach young people, but allow them to participate.
Pre-production begun in early 1995, and development and design took place in Paris, simultaneously with filming. The project cost roughly 8 million French francs.
The virtual setting of the ship "Antares" was designed with Cousteau's naval officer as a consultant. According to Cousteau, a ship like the "Antares" might become reality in the future.
Filming and scripting.
In summer, a team consisting of oceanographers, photographers and a scriptwriter, led by Cousteau, transported equipment from Los Angeles to Chuuk Atoll, Micronesia. Production lasted several weeks (one in Chuuk and 2 in Palau) during which they took several photographs and video footage around the island and the ocean; Cousteau and his team performed 4-5 dives a day.
A location featured prominently was the Chuuk Lagoon, famous for the more than 100 shipwrecks that sunk during Operation Hailstone of the WWII. The project was marked when one torpedo, whose compressed air container of its propulsion system had rusted away, and exploded while the team were down.
The plot was written simultaneously with the brainstorming and the reviewing and selection of the footage.
Marketing.
Since the game play was weak by gamers standards special care was given to advertising which encompassed several media and highlight Cousteau's name and participation.
Development problems encountered in late testing resulted in release delays, so the game was released in late November, after the hype subsided.
Package.
The game package included a demo CD, a microfloppy with Saved Games, an Evaluation Guide, and an overview brochure in the form of a passport.
Reception.
Despite an ambitious project, the game was not well received and passed rather unnoticed, mostly because of its limited or buggy gameplay. There are currently very little reviews on the game.
Sequels.
The game was envisioned as the first title of "The Interactive Adventures of Jean-Michel Cousteau" series. Shortly after the production of the game, and according to its success and financial backing, Cousteau considered a new interactive adventure in the freshwater caves of Yucatan and the blue holes of Belize, however such plans did not come to fruition.

</doc>
<doc id="36543367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543367" title="White Ash, Kentucky">
White Ash, Kentucky

White Ash is an unincorporated community and Coal town in Lee County, Kentucky, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36543376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543376" title="Stevanus Bungaran">
Stevanus Bungaran

Stevanus Bungaran (born November 24, 1988 in Balikpapan) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persiba Balikpapan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36543378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543378" title="Idamay, Kentucky">
Idamay, Kentucky

Idamay is an unincorporated community and Coal town in Lee County, Kentucky, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36543389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543389" title="Colleges of Distinction">
Colleges of Distinction

Colleges of Distinction is a free website service for college-bound students, counselors, and parents. It offers information about colleges and universities that excel in four distinctive categories: the engagement of students, the success of graduates, the quality of faculty and the general atmosphere on campus.
History.
The website was developed by a group of high school guidance and college counselors with the help of marketing and public relations professionals in 2002. The group developed the four distinctions in order to feature the unique and successful teaching-focused colleges and universities on the website. Colleges of Distinction was strictly online until 2008 when the company began publishing a book with Kendall/Hunt Publishing Company.
How schools are chosen.
Schools are normally nominated by high school counselors. In order to qualify to be considered a College of Distinction schools must be exceptional in all four distinctions: engaged students, great teaching, vibrant communities, and successful outcomes.

</doc>
<doc id="36543411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543411" title="Simpson Ground Reservoir">
Simpson Ground Reservoir

Simpson Ground Reservoir is a reservoir in Cumbria, England, near the southeastern end of Lake Windermere. It is located within a Forestry Commission conifer plantation, to the east of Staveley-in-Cartmel and provides fresh water supply for Grange-Over-Sands and the Haweswater aqueduct to Barrow. The reservoir, which covers an area of 6.89 hectares (17 acres), was established in 1957. The reservoir, at an altitude of 193 metres (633 feet), measures 455 x 194 m (1480 x 850 feet), and hs a capacity of 44 million gallons. A plaque near the bank commemorates the opening of the reservoir on May 4 1957, at the time by the Lancashire County Council.

</doc>
<doc id="36543449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543449" title="Justin &quot;J.T.&quot; Trawick">
Justin &quot;J.T.&quot; Trawick

Justin Trawick Sr (born February 9, 1984)., better known as J.T. is an American hip-hop music producer from Columbus, Georgia. He has produced for artists such as Alley Boy, Ace Hood, Big K.R.I.T., Bun B, Bohagon, Cyhi The Prynce, Chamillionaire, Kirko Bangz, Jigg, Tyga, Young Dro, Yelawolf, 1-Hundred, Killa Cal-Wayne and several others.
Career.
After graduating from Carver High school, Justin attended Full Sail University in Winter Park, FL and received an Associate's degree in Recording Arts. After graduation Justin worked at Patchwerk Recording Studios in Atlanta, GA as an intern and later an assistant mix engineer.
Justin "J.T." Trawick Discography.
'S.O.S. Come Up Volume 1" (2012)
Production Credits.
Jigg-"HighGrade 2" "Hun Dun"
Kirko Bangz ft. Tyga - "PK4" "Nasty Nigga" 
Cyhi the Prynce- "The Ivy League Club" "Drank & Smoke" (featuring Big K.R.I.T. & Yelawolf) (Prod. by J.T. for Crown Kingz Productions)
Kirko Bangz-"" "Still My Nigga"
1-HUNDRED-"Trickin and Trappin" 
"Street Life" 
"Piano G-S--t"
"Hold Up"
"Keep It On Da Real"
"Round Me"
"Dat's Just How It Iz"
Propain-"Dangerous Minds" "Say I Won't" Remix (featuring Bun B & Chamillionaire (Prod. by J.T. & Kenoe)
Alley Boy -"Purgatory" ((Hosted by DJ Drama) "Friendship Ends"
Alley Boy-"Strictly 4 Traps N Trunks 40" "Trained To Go (TTG)" (Featuring Bigg Gatt)
Korleon- "Whole Thang" (featuring Boo Rossini)
Alley Boy- "Definition of F#ck Sh*t Vol. 1" "Tall" (featuring Young Dro)
Propain- "Departure" "Say I Won't" 
Loochie- "My Donk" (featuring Ace Hood) (Prod. by J.T. & Young Blitz)
Korleon & Bohagon- Luxury Tax (Hosted by DJ Drama) "Rockstar"
Young Blitz- "The Scales"
"No Words"
"I'm Still Down" 
"Come Fly Wit Me"
"All I Need"
"In My Prime"
"Who Woulda Knew"
"They Say"
"Step It Up"
"Put It Down"
"Robbin"
"Laid Back"
"Good Things"
"Forgive Me"
"The Scales"

</doc>
<doc id="36543450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543450" title="Dieter Krickow">
Dieter Krickow

Dieter Krickow (born 8 July 1936) is a German modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics for the United Team of Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="36543452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543452" title="Brad Zellar">
Brad Zellar

Brad Zellar (born November 16, 1961) is an American author and journalist. Zellar's writing often is accompanied by photographs; he has collaborated several times with photographer Alec Soth. The Coen brothers film "A Serious Man", nominated for the 2009 Academy Award for Best Picture, took some inspiration for the visuals based off Zellar's book the "Suburban World: The Norling Photos". His book "Conductors of the Moving World" was named in "TIME's" "Best of 2011: The Photobooks We Loved," and was the recipient of the 2012 Photography for Design Professional Award from D&AD (British Design & Art Direction).
Biography.
Childhood.
Zellar described his childhood as having grown up in "a very active and loving family" as well as being a fairly "social kid". At the same time, he notes that much of work was inspired from his "lonely" adolescence despite having been in an always "crowded house". The desire for "privacy and solitude" brought about his affection for isolation amongst the "gravel roads surrounded by fields, and I loved to make that walk and have that feeling, that realization that it wasn't hard at all to disappear in this huge country".
Zellar described that the "realization that it wasn't hard at all to disappear in this huge country" and his attention to "invisible people on the sidewalks of " would largely influence his books. Jim Walsh summarized, "For 20 years, Zellar has made a career out of ferreting out some of the most fascinating characters that Minnesota’s margins has to offer."
Writer.
Zellar is a Twin Cities journalist and author of several photography books. He has worked as writer and for the "City Pages", the "Utne Reader", and as the senior editor for "The Rake". Zellar has collaborated with Alec Soth on a number of books and photography projects such as "The LBM Dispatches" (Little Brown Mushroom). These dispatches include a series on Ohio, upstate New York, Michigan, California, Colorado, and Texas. The work focuses on a wide range of subjects, often characterized as “North American ramblings” ranging from the subject matter of individuals who live "off the grid" to the "Louisiana Goth scene".
In 2008, Zellar wrote the "Suburban World: The Norling Photos" for the Minnesota Historical Society with a forward by Soth. The book was a collection of the "complete photo negative and print archive" by Irwin Norling, an engineer at Honeywell and freelance photographer for the Bloomington, Minnesota police department. The book served as the visual inspiration for the Coen brothers' feature film, "A Serious Man". The film earned a Golden Globe nomination for Michael Stuhlbarg, a place on both the American Film Institute's and National Board of Review of Motion Pictures's Top 10 Film Lists of 2009, and a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Picture. The Coens, Joel Coen and Ethan Coen, "wanted to create the era when we grew up" and stated, "so we relied a lot on our memories," which was set in 1967 in Minnesota, the same era and location as Zellar's book.
Soth and Zellar collaborated once again on "Three Valleys" in 2010. This was technically the fourth instalment of the "LBM Dispatches" located in California and centered on the Silicon Valley, San Joaquin Valley, and Death Valley. John Mahoney of "American Photo Magazine" noted the contrast in the landscapes as the "brave new worlds and pervasive virtuality of Silicon Valley, the Depression-era remnants of agricultural settlements and immigrant communities in the San Joaquin, and the other-worldly boom-and-bust landscapes of Death Valley, where the Manson Family holed up at the tail end of the 1960s."
Zellar also collaborated with Soth on the "House of Coates" that featured photos by Lester B. Morrison. The story centres on Morrison who, during the record cold US winter of 2010/2011, stayed in hotels along U.S. Route 52. It was speculated by some that Morrison was in fact Soth, though both would later deny this and subsequently confirm they had both met Morrison.
In 2011, Zellar's book, "Conductors of the Moving World" was named in "TIME's Best of 2011: The Photobooks We Loved". The following year, the book was the recipient of the D&AD 2012 Photography for Design Professional Award. He has also received awards from the Society of Professional Journalists, the Association of Alternative Newsmedia, and the Minnesota Magazine and Publishing Association.
Zellar is also a noted blogger, having been a professional blog writer for "City Pages" and "The Rake", and having found a popular audience in Ireland and Australia, according to Margaret A. Pribel of the Minnesota Magazine and Publishing Association.
Personal life.
Brad Zellar is the brother of musician Martin Zellar. Brad appears on the cover of Martin's album "Billy's Live Bait" as the 'Live Bait' attendant. He is an avid collector of baseball memorabilia as reported by the "Star Tribune". Among his prized collection is a rare "1911 first edition of the book “Base Ball” by Albert Spaulding" and "a ball signed by Ted Williams and Mickey Mantle". Josh Ostergaard`s book, "The Devil’s Snake Curve: A Fan’s Notes from Left Field", references some of Zellar`s baseball materials.
Zellar lived for a time in Austin, Minnesota but has since moved to the Twin Cities.

</doc>
<doc id="36543473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543473" title="Sereno E. Brett">
Sereno E. Brett

Sereno Elmer Brett (October 31, 1891 – September 9, 1952) was a highly decorated United States Army officer with the rank of Brigadier General, who served in both world wars and played a key, if less recognized, role in the development of armored warfare.
Early life.
Sereno Elmer Brett was born on October 31, 1891 in Portland, Oregon as a son of James Brett, and Clara Marie de Lille Harvey. Brett enrolled at Oregon State University and earned his BS at the Agricultural faculty in 1916. After his graduation, Brett entered the Army and after training course for officers, he was commissioned as an Second Lieutenant of the Oregon National Guard Infantry at November 28, 1916.
World War I.
His first military service was with 3rd Infantry on Mexico – United States border during Pancho Villa Expedition. During World War I, Brett was ordered to the European battlefield with the Tank Corps and was promoted to the rank of Captain on July 25, 1917.
As commander of the 326th Tank Battalion, then-Major Brett led the first U.S. tank attack of World War I at the Battle of St. Mihiel and, following George S. Patton's wounding, took command of the 1st Tank Brigade in his absence.
Brett received the Distinguished Service Cross for his role in the battle.
Distinguished Service Cross citation.
His official Distinguished Service Cross citation reads:
Brett was also decorated with the Distinguished Service Medal for his service as chief instructor of Tank Center of the American Expeditionary Force.
Distinguished Service Medal citation.
His official Distinguished Service Medal citation reads:
His other decorations from the World War I were: two Silver Stars, three Purple Hearts, French Croix de guerre 1914–1918 with palm and Officer of the Legion of Honour.
Life after the war.
Following the war, he played a role alongside Patton and Dwight D. Eisenhower in evaluating the lessons learned from the war in the use of tanks in modern warfare. Brett participated alongside Eisenhower in the famous Army 1919 transcontinental motor convoy. He commanded the Expeditionary Tank Force in 1923-1924 in Panama. Brett remained in the U.S. Army through the lean interwar years, and was promoted to brigadier general in February 1942. On June 3, 1941 he was designated the chief of staff of the Armored Force at Fort Knox, having previously served as chief of staff of the 1st Armored Division. He served on the staff of the 5th Armored Division in 1942–1943 as it prepared for European service, and was promoted to brigadier general in 1942, but retired in October 1943 for medical reasons. Brett died on September 9, 1952, in Santa Barbara, California.

</doc>
<doc id="36543476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543476" title="Alcock Tarn">
Alcock Tarn

Alcock Tarn is a lake in Cumbria, England. It is located high in the fells on Heron Pike, roughly a mile and a half east of Grasmere.

</doc>
<doc id="36543483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543483" title="Angle Tarn (Patterdale)">
Angle Tarn (Patterdale)

Angle Tarn is a lake in Cumbria, England, about a mile east of Hartsop. Located at an altitude of 479m (1571 feet), the lake has an area of 5.9 hectares (14.6 acres), measures 385m by 260m (1260 by 850 feet), with a maximum depth of 9m (30 feet). The lake is very distinctive in that it resembles a fish hook in shape. It contains "two rocky islets and a small broken peninsula."

</doc>
<doc id="36543484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543484" title="Handi Hamzah">
Handi Hamzah

Handi Hamzah (born 20 December 1982) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSM Makassar in the Indonesia Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="36543487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543487" title="Ann Jäderlund">
Ann Jäderlund

Ann Jäderlund (born 1955) is a Swedish poet and playwright. She made her literary debut in 1985 with the poetry collection "Vimpelstaden". Other collections are "Snart går jag i sommaren ut" from 1990 and "I en cylinder i vattnet av vattengråt" from 2006. She was awarded the Dobloug Prize in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36543495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543495" title="Bigland Tarn">
Bigland Tarn

Bigland Tarn is a lake in Cumbria, England, about 3/4 mile southeast of Haverthwaite. Located at an altitude of 158m (518 feet), the lake has an area of 5.1 hectares (12.65 acres) and measures 325m x 225m (1050 x 730 feet). 

</doc>
<doc id="36543497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543497" title="Quax, der Bruchpilot">
Quax, der Bruchpilot

Quax, der Bruchpilot is a 1941 German film directed by Kurt Hoffmann.
Adaption.
Launchpad McQuack has been named "Quack, der Bruchpilot" in the German translation.

</doc>
<doc id="36543502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543502" title="Wolfgang Gödicke">
Wolfgang Gödicke

Wolfgang Gödicke (born 22 October 1934) is a German modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics for the United Team of Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="36543507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543507" title="Blackbeck Tarn">
Blackbeck Tarn

Blackbeck Tarn is a lake in Cumbria, England, located about half a mile east of Haystacks in the Buttermere Valley. Located at an altitude of 486m (1600 feet), the lake has an area of 0.95 hectares (2.36 acres) and measures 183m x 80m (600 x 250 feet), with a maximum depth of 2.5m (8 feet). 

</doc>
<doc id="36543510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543510" title="BCAT (disambiguation)">
BCAT (disambiguation)

BCAT, or Brooklyn Community Access Television, is a public access television network in Brooklyn, New York.
BCAT may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36543518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543518" title="Blea Tarn (Eskdale)">
Blea Tarn (Eskdale)

Blea Tarn is a lake in Cumbria, England, located about half a mile north of Beckfoot. Located at an altitude of 217m (712 feet), the lake has an area of 3.3 hectares (8 acres) and measures 277m x 150m (900 x 490 feet), with a maximum depth of 5m (16 feet). 

</doc>
<doc id="36543544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543544" title="Libris">
Libris

Libris or LIBRIS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36543551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543551" title="Moment of Truth (Terri Nunn album)">
Moment of Truth (Terri Nunn album)

Moment of Truth is the debut and sole solo album from American singer and actress Terri Nunn, best known as lead singer of the American New Wave/Synthpop band Berlin.
Background.
Following the original Berlin's split in 1987, Nunn recorded and released "Moment of Truth".
The album was a commercial failure, whilst the lead and sole single "Let Me Be the One" also suffered a similar fate after being released in January 1992. "89 Lines" was released as an American promotional single only.
Due to the failure of the album, Nunn would not record another solo album although she would later retain the legal rights to usage of the band's name after legal wranglings with the founding member of the group, John Crawford. Nunn recreated Berlin, with a new lineup of musicians, in 1998. In a late 1990s interview with Nunn for Electrogarden, Nunn explained that she originally left Berlin as she wanted to try new styles of sound and music.
In an article based on Nunn in Hollywood Bowl, the article mentioned the album, writing ""Moment of Truth allowed Terri to branch out creatively and experiment with a variety of styles including rap, pop ballads and straight up rock 'n' roll.""
In a 1996 article by The Telegraph-Herald based on the reformed version of Berlin, it stated that Nunn ""dismisses Moment of Truth as a transitional album.""
Writing.
The album's songs were written from 1988 to 1991 by various composers, with Nunn receiving writing credit for six of the eleven tracks.
In a March 1992 interview/article with Beaver County Times, Nunn spoke of the album's writing and her musical growth. ""When I wrote this album, I'd planned to expose myself a lot more with my writing. All of the musicians I grew up idolizing and loving, that's what I loved about them - David Bowie, Grace Slick, Bonnie Raitt. They exposed themselves and how they were growing through their music. That helped me as a person, as well as listening to the music and getting off on the oral high. It was a communication.""
On an interview whilst promoting the album for CNBC, it is revealed that the album was lyrically more personal to Nunn than the Berlin albums. "Desire Me" was based on sexual desire. When asked in the interview how Nunn got into the mood of writing "Desire Me", Nunn replied ""It came out of two weeks of being extremely horny. There wasn't anybody around at the time, I wasn't in a relationship, and so at least something came out of it.""
The song "Once Upon a Time" was written based on Nunn's own father's suicide, whilst "Diane" speaks of domestic abuse (from husband to wife). In interview/article with Beaver County Times, Nunn spoke of both tracks, stating ""The hardest song was the song about Dad. That took me three years, just pulling it out, trying new things. I got to resolve a lot through the process. Wife abuse ("Diane") is a definite message to a friend. The truth helps write the song and the song helps bring the truth around.""
The song "89 Lines" speaks of racism, with Nunn portraying a black male.
In the Albany Herald of January 20, 1992, the newspaper described the album as having "darker songs than her old group used to make," also noting that there was a song about her father's suicide and another about an affair with a married man. Nunn had been quoted " realized that if I was going to get any better, I would have to expose myself." She also expressed her wish to shake her image as a sex object.
Recording.
The album was recorded at Paisley Park Studios in Chanhassen, whilst "Confession Time" was recorded at Ocean Way Recording. It was mixed at Paisley Park Studios and Ocean Way Recording in Los Angeles.
"Moment of Truth" was produced by and mixed by Prince's Paisley Park Records producer, David Z., with additional engineering by Tom Garneau. The track "Confession Time" was produced by British engineer and music producer Steve Brown.
Release.
The album was released in America via DGC Records during late 1991 and in Europe via Mercury Records during early 1992. In America, the album was released on cassette and CD, whilst in Europe the album was only released on CD.
In 1991, a special American CD promo sampler was released featuring a total of eight tracks. Four Berlin hit tracks were used; "Take My Breath Away", "No More Words", "Sex (I'm A...)" and "The Metro", whilst four tracks from the "Moment of Truth" album were used; "Let Me Be the One", "89 Lines", "Who's Gonna Take You Home Tonight" and "Fly by Night".
The single "Let Me Be the One" was released in America, the UK and Japan, whilst the promotional single "89 Lines" was released in America only. Both singles were released on CD only.
Today, the album remains available both brand new and second-hand from online stores for cheap prices. It is also available on iTunes as a download.
The song "Confession Time" was later performed live and released on the Berlin live album "Live: Sacred and Profane", released in 2000. It remains the only song to be taken from Nunn's solo career and added to Berlin's live set.
Promotion.
Overall, the album received limited promotion.
As no music videos were produced for the album's single "Let Me Be the One", Nunn performed the song, on playback with live vocal, on CNBC as well as giving an interview. The appearance was dated November 11, 1991.
Critical reception.
Allmusic wrote ""With Berlin having hit an artistic high note on 1986's Count Three and Pray, it was most regrettable when the trio broke up. Moment of Truth made the breakup seem all the more regrettable. Minus the input of her colleagues from Berlin, Nunn delivers a run-of-the-mill pop/rock offering that isn't terrible, but pales in comparison to her inspired performances on Berlin gems. Despite a few decent spots, including the rap/rock protest song "89 Lines" and the single "Let Me Be the One," the album really isn't worth the price of admission. Any one of Berlin's three albums would be a much better investment.""
On February 14, 1992, Orlando Sentinel wrote ""Singers are always leaving bands to pursue their own musical identities. But Terri Nunn apparently took the singular route of defecting from Berlin to pursue an identity crisis. On her solo debut, Nunn can't make up her mind whether to be the poor man's Johnette Napolitano ("Confession Time"), Pat Benatar ("Once Upon a Time"), Ann Wilson ("Let Me Be the One" and "Who's Gonna Take You Home Tonight") or Debbie Harry ("89 Lines"). Nunn doesn't achieve an outright facsimile of any of them, mind you, but she has that cover-band-singer's ability to avoid establishing any fixed vocal personality of her own. Nunn's songwriting is strictly of the generic-confessional variety, and the songs by outside writers are just as formulaic and pedestrian. The host of backing musicians, including producer David Z. (Fine Young Cannibals, Prince, Madonna), provide a thoroughly unexceptional setting, and although the credits list "drums," the rhythms all sound as if they were programmed by a particularly uninspired technician.""
On December 12, 1991, Chicago Tribune wrote ""Former Berlin "Take My Breath Away" songstress Nunn relives that hit over and over again here. Where is the girl who went "Riding on the Metro"? Gone for good, sadly, even if she still has a wonderful voice. Songs like "Let Me Be the One" and "Who`s Gonna Take You Home Tonight" are nearly indistinguishable from Heart hits like "Alone" or "Who Will You Run To". The "Moment of Truth" is that Nunn wants to make some bucks-even if it is in adult contemporary radio.""
Trouser Press wrote a review of the album along with three releases from the band The Big F, which featured ex-Berlin key member John Crawford. The review of the "Moment of Truth" album wrote ""For her futile second act, Berlin singer Terri Nunn hooked up with onetime Prince associate David Z., who produced and drummed, and Underworld guitarist Karl Hyde, who played and co-wrote four numbers. This dull-as-dirt generic rock pancake fails to establish Nunn as anything but...the former singer of Berlin. On "89 Lines," she makes her borrowed political statement: "When I flag down a cab it doesn't stop/Not because I look dangerous or nothing like that/It's not 'cause he's off duty/It's 'cause I'm black." (Shades of Steve Martin...) In the more relevant "Desire Me," Nunn runs down her trusty list - "Birth/Love/Pain/Sex/Desire" — as if it were the pinnacle of wit and insight. In the little world of Moment of Truth — which more than anything sounds like late-'80s Pat Benatar outtakes — it is.""

</doc>
<doc id="36543560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543560" title="Peter Little (pentathlete)">
Peter Little (pentathlete)

Peter Little (born 26 December 1933) is a British modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36543576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543576" title="Cashin' Out">
Cashin' Out

"Cashin' Out" is a song by American rapper Cash Out. It was released in 2012 as his debut single, originally from his mixtape "It's My Time". Produced by DJ Spinz, it peaked at #36 on the Billboard Hot 100, #2 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, and #1 on the Rap Songs chart. It is Cash Out's only top 40 hit to date. Complex named the song #45 on its list of the best songs of 2012.
Music video.
The music video for "Cashin' Out" was released on March 19, 2012 on VEVO & YouTube. It was directed by Gabriel Hart.

</doc>
<doc id="36543579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543579" title="Portages in North America">
Portages in North America

Trails around portages in North America usually began as animal tracks and were improved by tramping or blazing. In a few places iron-plated wooden rails were laid to take a handcart. Heavily used routes sometimes evolved into roads when sledges, rollers or oxen were used, as at Methye Portage. Sometimes railways were built (Champlain and St. Lawrence Railroad). The basic purpose of most canals is to avoid portages.
Places where portaging occurred often became temporary and then permanent settlements (such as Hull, Quebec; Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario; New Orleans, Louisiana; and Chicago, Illinois). The importance of free passage through portages found them included in laws and treaties. The Northwest Ordinance says "The navigable waters leading into the Mississippi and St. Lawrence, and the carrying places between the same, shall be common highways and forever free, as well to the inhabitants of the said territory as to the citizens of the United States..." The Treaty of Greenville between the U.S. and the Indian tribes of the area includes: "And the said Indian tribes will allow to the people of the United States a free passage by land and by water, as one and the other shall be found convenient, through their country..." Then four portages are mentioned specifically. Portages are also used in the treaty to set boundaries ("The general boundary line between the lands of the United States and the lands of the said Indian tribes, shall begin at the mouth of Cayahoga river, and run thence up the same to the portage..."). One historically important fur trade portage is now Grand Portage National Monument. Recreational canoeing routes often include portages between lakes, for example, the Seven Carries route in Adirondack Park. Algonquin Park, Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness and Sylvania Wilderness have famous portage routes. 
Numerous portages were upgraded to carriageways and railways due to their economic importance. The Niagara Portage had a gravity railway in the 1760s. The passage between the Chicago and Des Plaines Rivers (and so between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River systems) was through a short swamp portage which seasonally flooded and it is thought that a channel gradually developed unintentionally from the dragging of the boat bottoms. The 1835 Champlain and St. Lawrence Railroad connected the cities of New York and Montreal without needing to go through the Atlantic. The passage between Lake Superior and Lake Huron was by a portage dragway of greased rails with capstans until a railway was built in 1850 and a canal in 1855. The 5-mile-long Nosbonsing and Nipissing Railway was built just to carry logs between lakes on their way to the sawmill. Allegheny Portage Railroad and Morris Canal both used canal inclined planes to pass loaded boats through portages. 
Settlements named for being on a portage.
Sometimes the settlements were named for being on a portage. Some places in the United States and Canada so named are:
Names with "portage" appear on various other geographical features, including road. In Hull, Quebec a major street is named "promenade du Portage" as the city is the head of uninterrupted navigation from Montréal on the Ottawa River and one must portage around the Chaudière Rapids.

</doc>
<doc id="36543586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543586" title="Samalayuca Dune Fields">
Samalayuca Dune Fields

The Samalayuca Dune Fields, more traditionally known as Los Medanos (the dunes), or more recently referenced as Medanos de Samalayuca are a series of large but separated fields of sand dunes located in the northern part of the Mexican state of Chihuahua. The dune fields are scattered over a wide expanse of desert to the south, southwest and southeast of Ciudad Juarez. The dune fields are located in a 2000 km2 area known as the Samalayuca Desert.
The Samalayuca Desert and its dune fields are part of the much larger Chihuahua Desert region.
The best known portion of the Samalayuca Dune Fields lie in and around the village of Samalayuca. These dune fields are the most noticeable because they lie across the much traveled north-south route between Chihuahua City and El Paso del North. This portion of the dunes is also the most dramatic, having high dune profiles shaped by the wind in the lee of Cerro de Samalayuca.
The dunes are composed of almost pure quartz (SiO2). They are white or tan in appearance. They are fine and move with the wind. The wind has formed the dunes by carrying sand until it became deposited and concentrated in natural land depressions. The action of the wind continues to constantly reshape the dunes. Some of the dunes near Samalayuca are tall and dramatically shaped and marked by the wind.
For centuries the sands of these dune fields were historically significant because they lay across the much traveled north-south route between Chihuahua City and "The Pass of the North" at the site of the border cities of Ciudad Juárez and El Paso. Before the era of the modern highway and the railroad, travel by foot, horse or oxen across this extended barrier of some 30 kilometers of loose sand was laborious and dangerous, but travelers had the option of a longer (and thus more time consuming) detour around the east side of the dune fields.
Today the dune fields are becoming known for their tourist and recreational potential, and as a habitat for the many unique endemic species of plants and animals living in a rare ecosystem in the Samalayuca desert. The high silica content of the sands has also attracted industrial interest.
Nomenclature Of Los Medanos, Samalayuca Dune Fields.
Historical Name - Los Medanos.
The sand dune area has traditionally been referred to as "Los Medanos" or simply, the dunes. The name, Samalayuca Dune Fields, is of more recent origin. The name "Los Medanos" is more commonly used particularly in historical accounts. Recently and increasingly the dune fields are referred by Spanish and non Spanish speakers as Medinos de Samalayuca.
Origin Of Name Of Samalayuca Dune Fields.
The field and the desert gets its name from the town of Samalayuca, Chihuahua. There are historic springs in the area, which accounts for the location of the town. The town is adjacent to the dramatic high dunes that lies some 52 km directly south of Ciudad Juárez just east of Mexico Federal Highway 45. These high dunes are formed by the prevailing winds from the northwest dropping sands in the lee of Cerro de Samalayuca (Samalayuca Mountain), which lies close to Samalayuca village.
Location Of The Dune Fields, And The Most Noticeable And Dramatic Portion At Salamayuca Village.
The most dramatic portion of the Samalayuca dune fields lie east and west of Mexican Federal Highway 45 and the parallel Mexican Railway in an area 30 to 60 miles south of Juarez. This major north south highway and railroad, between Ciudad Juarez and the city of Chihuahua crosses through this dune area, and low dunes are visible for many kilometers on each side of the highway.
The dramatic high dunes that exist close to the village of Samalayuca may be seen in the distance from Federal Highway 45. These dune fields are formed by the prevailing wind from the northwest dropping sand particles in the lee of the Sierra Salamayuca (Salamayuca Mountains).
Besides the high dunes appearing in the area of the village of Salamayuca, the dune fields lie in several other areas of the Samalayuca desert to the southwest and southeast of Ciudad Juarez. A lesser known part of the Salamayuca dune field extends to the west from Samalayuca into the area southwest from Ciudad Juárez. This area (lying west of Mexico Federal Highway 45) is larger than the more dramatic high dune area near Samalayuca, and comprise the bulk of the Samalayuca desert area. These dune fields extend to the north where they lie across the (now abandoned) right of way of the defunct Mexico North Western Railway (Compañía del Ferrocarril Nor-Oeste de México) and extend into the Chihuahua municipality of Ascension. Smaller dune fields also extends to the east from the town of Salamayuca, into the municipality of Guadalupe.
The Samalayuca Dune Fields And The History Of The Chihuahua Trail (El Camino Real de Tierra Adentro).
The Samalayuca Dune fields lie directly across the main route of the Chihuahua Trail, part of the longer route known as El Camino Real de Tierra Adentro, or the royal road of the interior. The portion of this route known as the Chihuahua Trail went north from Chihuahua City to Sante Fe, in New Mexico. From the time the Spanish colonial city of Sante Fe was founded in 1598 by the Spanish explorer Juan de Oñate there was steady and increasing freight and passenger traffic on this route.
The only major river on the trail was the Rio Grande. The trail crossed the river via a ford near the famous pass between the Juarez and Franklin mountain ranges. This ford and pass came to be known simply as "the Pass" (El Paso) or "The Pass of the North" (El Paso del Norte), and a town by the same name was first established south of the river, at the site of present day Ciudad Juarez. A separate community also known as El Paso del Norte, was later established on the north side of the river in 1849 after the Mexican-U.S. War on United States Territory. The original Mexican community of El Paso del Norte south of the river changed its name to Ciudad Juarez in 1865.
However, in the segment of the Chihuahua trail from Chihuahua City and El Paso del Norte, where the trail reached a point some 45 miles south of the Pass of the North, the trail encountered a 15 mile stretch of the Samalayuca dune fields. The wind shifted and renewed the deep and finely gained deep sand beds in these dunes. The soft shifting sands made walking through the dune fields tiring and time consuming for animals or people. Horses, oxen, mules and people could cross this sandy area only with great difficulty. The traditional two wheeled carts (carreteras) could become bogged down in the sands.
Juan de Oñate And The Formation of Two Alternative Routes, One Through The Dune Fields, And The Other A Detour To The East.
In 1598, Juan de Oñate, a wealthy Zacatecas nobleman set out northward from the Valle de San Bartolomé to establish a new northern colony, a "New" Mexico. He pioneered the Chihuahua Trail route. When he reached Los Medanos (the dunes) he attempted to cross but found the difficulty so great that he detoured to the east to go around the area of sand dunes, before trending north again to the area where he founded San Juan, the first capitol of New Mexico. 
Oñate's detour set a precedent and thereafter an alternative trail led around the sand dunes near Salamaluca. South of the dunes the Chihuahua trail forked at Laguna de Patos (Duck Lake). The detour branched off south of the dunes at Lagunas de Patos and veered northeast for roughly 60 miles, across the southeastern margin of the dune fields till it reached the south bank of the Rio Grande del Norte. This branch then turned and followed the Rio Grande's south bank upstream in a northwest direction about 60 miles to The Pass of the North (El Passo Del Norte), where the two branches of the trail were again joined. After El Paso, the trail proceeded through the pass and on to Santa Fe.
At Laguna de Patos, the main branch of the Chihuahua Trail proceeded due north crossing the dune fields to reach El Paso del Norte in about 65 miles. In this distance the trail crossed through the sandy dunes for a distance of 12 to 15 miles, emerging from the sand to cross about 30 miles of desert brush lands to finally reach El Paso del Norte.
The detour around the dune fields added some fifty or sixty miles to the direct route through the dune fields. To a horseman traveling at 20 miles a day, this could mean a delay of three days. To a merchant caravan moving at twelve miles a day between Ciudad de Chihuahua and El Paso del North, this could mean a delay in transit of five or more days.
Lack of Water While Crossing The Dune Fields Near Samalayuca.
When traveling the route that led through the sand dunes near the village of Samalayuca water was critical. The only reliable water sources lay miles to the north and south of the sand dunes near Samalayuca. Water supplies near the dunes were very scarce. To be significantly delayed in the Salamayuca Sand Dunes in a dry year with limited water supplies could be fatal to animals or to man.
There were springs that flowed near the present settlement of Samalayuca on the northern edge of this stretch of sand. As stated below these springs were not reliable sources of water for two reasons.
These springs near Salamalayuca could be too saline for consumption. Recent surveys confirm that three springs exist in the area of Samalayuca, but the saline content renders two of them unfit for drinking. Water for those currently living in Samalayuca comes from hand dug shallow wells.
Travelers in the 1840s reported that the Ojo de Samalayuca (Samalayuca Springs) were seasonal. In the dry season of a dry year, these springs would cease to flow, which would leave no water source on the trail between the areas of El Paso del Norte in the north and the village of Carrizal in the south.
Experiences of Travelers in the 1800's Traversing the Dune Fields on the Chihuahua Trail.
In order to avoid the delay of traveling around the dune fields on the detour, many travelers on the trail between Chihuahua and El Paso del Norte elected to go directly across the dune fields.
From the 1600s though the 1800s merchants, explores, soldiers and the random tourist traveling on the Chihuahua trail found passage through the Samalayuca dunes difficult and dangerous. Throughout this period of three centuries the Apache Indians carried on their off and on guerrilla war with the encroaching Spanish, operating out of the Sierra Madre mountains to the west. They sporadically attacked and sometimes laid waste to hacienda/ranches and small settlements in the area. As part of this conflict the Apaches kept watch over the trail across the dunes, as well as the water holes in and around the dunes fields, in order to rob and kill vulnerable groups of travelers.
Even as late as 1882 travelers were "warned to avoid this point Medanos of all others while traveling through Chihuahua", and to take the alternative route around the dunes area, though some 60 miles longer, because "This place is attended by great danger from the attacks of the Apaches, who well know the helpless condition of animals passing and take the opportunity to attack parties."
While animals and persons found footing and traction to be difficult in the loose sands of the dunes, what was most dreaded was the difficulty of hauling loaded wagons or carts through the sand. These vehicles could bog down to their hubs. Some merchants going south from El Paso started out with carts loaded with goods, but would hire a mule train to accompany them. On arrival at the dunes, the goods from the carts would be loaded on the mule train and the emptied carts would then be pulled over the dunes. On the south side of the dunes the carts would be reloaded and proceed.
In 1842 a George W. Kendall made a diary as he traveled through the dunes. He was one of a group of political prisoners, who were marched down the Chihuahua trail, guarded by units of the Mexican army. He observed high "mountains" of loose sand along the trail. He noted that horses would sink in sand to their fetlocks, and walking in the sand exhausted men and animals. The two-wheeled "carreteras" would bog down in the sand and to pull them through this area required doubling the teams. Kendall also noted a large stone, weighing some 200 pounds directly in the path through the dune fields. Over many years passing gangs of muleteers had superstitiously adopted the custom of lifting the stone and moving it farther along, each gang moving it a few feet at a time towards Mexico City. Their recurrent activity, continuing over many decades were reported to have moved the stone some 14 miles.
In 1846 an English soldier of fortune reported the track through the dunes littered with skeletons and dead bodies of oxen, mules and horses. He reported the sand to be knee deep, and constantly shifting. The dunes caused death to animals and humans. "On one ridge the upper half of a human skeleton protruded from the sand".
Traveling by night avoided the punishing desert heat during the summer months, and in 1846 a German scientist Friedrich Adolph Wislizenus described such a night passage through the dunes. Flashes of lightning illuminated ghostly images of slow moving wagons, riders on horseback wrapped in blankets, and travelers on foot walking or sleeping beside the track. Quiet prevailed except for the cries of muleteers and the thunder, The winding passage of the procession through the dunes was marked with multiple pinpoints of light from "cigarritos".
During the Mexican War, Colonel Alexander William Doniphan led a force of about 1000 American soldiers south from El Paso. They had engaged to guard a merchant caravan of about 315 heavy wagons going to Chihuahua City. They elected to go through the Salamayuca Sands, rather than take the detour. After entering the dune fields, the mules pulling the heavy wagon train sank to their knees in the sand, and the wheels of the wagons buried to the hubs. With the merchant's wagons bogged down, men and animals began to suffer serious debility from lack of water. The column had to abandon thousands of pounds of supplies in order to free the wagons from the sands, and men and animals had to join together to push and pull the wagons forward out of the dune area. Once past the dunes, Colonel Doniphan went on south, and still accompanied by the wagon train he defeated a Mexican force at the Battle of the Sacramento River, thereafter capturing Chihuahua City.
Traversing the Salamayuca Dune Fields Today.
Today, the original trail (except for the branch which skirted the Samalayuca sand dunes) from Chihuahua to The Pass lies beneath or beside Mexico’s Federal Highway 45. Paralleling the highway is a railroad, now used only to haul freight.
A traveler on Highway 45 passes over the sandy areas without difficulty.
Composition and creation of the dune fields.
The white to tan sands of the dune fields are almost pure silica. On average, the sand contains 90-95% quartz and 5-10% mixed rock grains.
The particle shapes are nodular and spheroid. they were formed by airflow erosion of rocks that created small fragments that were then carried away by the wind, to be deposited in natural land depressions. Another factor assisting in the formation of the dunes is the abrupt changes of temperature that exist in the desert, which assisted in the breaking up of surface rock into sand grains.
Endemic species in the dune fields.
In large dune systems, many species of plants and animals evolve and adapt to the harsh environment, and thus become unique and endemic. The Samalayuca dunes are no exception. They provide the habitat for 248 vegetal and 154 animal species, most of them endemic. The area is therefore biologically unique on a global scale, and is receiving greater attention as a biosphere. Most of the known endemic species in the Samalayuca Dunes are plants and various native bee species.
Industrial interest in the dune fields.
The several million tons of sand in the Salamayuca dunes can be considered as an enormous potential of silica sand since they are 90 to 95 pure silica (SiO2). Silica sand is widely used in what is called "the transforamation industry", for the making of glass, silicates, paints, glass-ceramics and ceramics. The sand of the Salamayuca dunes has attracted attention from the ceramic/glass industry but the desert sand contains sufficient impurities to pose problems with its use in industry, and a process to increase uniform purity to 97.5% SiO2 would have to be developed. Because the sands start with such a high percentage of silica, such a process is deemed feasible.
Tourism interest in the dune fields near Samalayuca.
The dramatic appearance of the dunes near Samalayuca, visible from Highway 45, has generated tourism interest in the dunes. This includes adventure tourism. Tourists hike in the dunes, ride over them in various vehicles, and slide down the dunes on sand boards.
Government protection for some of the area.
On June 5 of 2009, the Mexican federal government created a protected area of 63,182 hectares (631.82 km2, or 156,126.12 acres) in Samalayuca dune fields.
Movie setting.
The dunes were used to film many of the exterior shots in the 1984 movie "Dune". The Samalayuca Dunes were also used as a location for "Conan The Destroyer"

</doc>
<doc id="36543588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543588" title="So ein Millionär hat's schwer">
So ein Millionär hat's schwer

"So ein Millionär hat's schwer" is a 1958 Austrian film directed by Géza von Cziffra.

</doc>
<doc id="36543589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543589" title="Herry Susilo">
Herry Susilo

Herry Susilo (born October 3, 1988) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persiba Balikpapan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36543593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543593" title="Patrick Harvey (pentathlete)">
Patrick Harvey (pentathlete)

Patrick Harvey (born 28 November 1935) is a British modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36543595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543595" title="Fort Sisseton">
Fort Sisseton

Fort Sisseton near Britton, South Dakota was established in 1864. As Fort Sisseton Historic State Park, it was designated as a State Historical Park in 1959. Fort Sisseton is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
It has 14 of its original buildings remaining.
The fort with was listed on the National Register in 1973. The listing included 15 contributing buildings and 9 contributing sites.

</doc>
<doc id="36543607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543607" title="Steve Sem-Sandberg">
Steve Sem-Sandberg

Steve Sem-Sandberg (born 1958) is a Swedish journalist, novelist, non-fiction writer and translator. He made his literary debut in 1976 with the two science fiction novels "Sländornas värld" and "Sökare i dödsskuggan". He was awarded the Dobloug Prize for fiction in 2005. 
His novel "De fattiga i Łódź" (2009) (English title "The Emperor of Lies") was awarded the August Prize. It recounts the life of the Łódź ghetto and its leader Chaim Rumkowski in Nazi-occupied Poland during World War II.
Daphne Merkin in the "New York Times" said that he had succeeded in writing "a freshly felt, fully absorbing novel about the Holocaust," an even more difficult task as he was writing about a known historical figure in Rumkowski. By combining both intimate views and overall history, he conveys an effect "both super-realist and surrealist, in the manner of an animated documentary."

</doc>
<doc id="36543624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543624" title="Félix Navarro Rodríguez">
Félix Navarro Rodríguez

Félix Navarro Rodríguez (born c. 1955) is a Cuban farmer, teacher, and dissident from Perico, Matanzas Province.
On 18 March 2003, he was arrested as part of the Black Spring, a general crackdown by the Cuban government on pro-democracy groups. He was sentenced to fifty years in prison at Guantánamo, leading Amnesty International to name him a prisoner of conscience. In October 2005, he joined a hunger strike with other imprisoned dissidents, leading students at Florida International University to stage a fast as a show of solidarity.
Navarro remained in prison until 2011. He and Jose Daniel Ferrer Garcia were released on 23 March 2011 as part of an agreement between the Cuban government and the Catholic Church. They were the last two prisoners of the Black Spring to be released. In a statement to Reuters, Navarro announced his intention to pursue the "continue the peaceful, not violent struggle" for democracy.
On 24 July 2012, he was one of dozens of activists arrested in Havana at the funeral of dissident Oswaldo Payá. Amnesty International and the U.S. criticized the arrests, with the White House describing them as "a stark demonstration of the climate of repression in Cuba." The dissidents were freed the following day.

</doc>
<doc id="36543646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543646" title="Business Logic Toolkit">
Business Logic Toolkit

Business Logic Toolkit (BLToolkit) includes ORM components to simplify .NET application and SQL databases development. It is provided as open source code that you can use and edit to fit your needs. It is entirely written in C# and is compatible with .NET Framework 3.5 and later.

</doc>
<doc id="36543647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543647" title="Libri">
Libri

Libri may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36543649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543649" title="List of Chairmen of the Duma of the Khanty–Mansi Autonomous Okrug">
List of Chairmen of the Duma of the Khanty–Mansi Autonomous Okrug

The Chairman of the Duma of the Khanty-Mani Autonomous Okrug is the presiding officer of that legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="36543677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543677" title="Fairy tale parody">
Fairy tale parody

Fairy tale parody is a genre of fiction which parodies traditional fairy tales. 
The genre was popularized on television by the "Fractured Fairy Tales" segments on "The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show".
The 2001 computer animated film "Shrek" brought great popularity to the genre. Parodies soon eclipsed traditional fairy tales. The genre garnered some praise for its more modern views but was also criticized for supplanting the traditional stories.
Children's books that have been classified as fairy tale parodies:
"Politically Correct Fairy Tales" and "Politically Correct Bedtime Stories: Modern tales for our life and times" by James Finn Garner have been called "Adult fractured fairy tales ... still humorous but the humor is for adults".

</doc>
<doc id="36543687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543687" title="Carl Fehrman">
Carl Fehrman

Carl Abraham Daniel Fehrman (3 February 1915 in Lund – 24 May 2010 in Lund) was a Swedish literary historian. He was appointed professor at the University of Lund from 1958 to 1980. Among his works is "Forskning i förvandling" from 1972. He was awarded the Dobloug Prize in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36543697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543697" title="Crack spacing of reinforced concrete">
Crack spacing of reinforced concrete

Concrete is a brittle material and can only withstand small amount of tensile strain due to stress before cracking. When a reinforced concrete member is put in tension, after cracking, the member elongates by widening of cracks and by formation of new cracks.
Ignoring the small elastic strain in the concrete between the cracks, we can relate the crack width to the strain of the member by:
Spacing of Primary cracks.
Primary cracks (Figure 1) form when the tensile stress at the outer surface of the concrete reaches the tensile strength of concrete. When a primary crack forms, the concrete in the vicinity of the crack is relieved of any tension, resulting in a stress free zone near the crack.
CEB-FIP code expressions for crack spacing and crack widths.
In the CEB-FIP Code the following expression is used to account for the average crack spacing:
where 
Crack spacing of inclined cracks.
According to the Modified Compression Field Theory (MCFT), the spacing of inclined cracks in reinforced concrete will depend upon the crack control characteristics of both the longitudinal and the transverse reinforcement. It is suggested that the spacing is taken as:
Where formula_17 is the average crack spacings that would result if the member was subjected to longitudinal tension while formula_18 is the average crack spacing that would result if the member was subjected to a transverse tension.
These crack spacings can be estimated from the CEB-FIP Code crack spacing expression above.
Crack spacing in shear areas.
The above CEB expression was intended to calculate crack spacings on the surface of the member. Crack spacings become larger as the distance from the reinforcement increases. For this case, it is suggested to use the maximum distance from the reinforcement, instead of cover distance c (Collins & Mitchell). Thus, for the uniform tensile straining the above CEB expression is modified to:
The above equations are suggested for better approximation of crack spacings in the shear area of the beam.

</doc>
<doc id="36543701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543701" title="Silent Night, Zombie Night">
Silent Night, Zombie Night

Silent Night, Zombie Night is a Horror film written and directed by Sean Cain which stars Vernon Wells, Felissa Rose and Lew Temple. This was the first collaboration between Velvet Hammer Films and ArsonCuff Entertainment who also produced Breath of Hate.
Plot.
A week before Christmas, a viral outbreak turns the citizens of Los Angeles into the walking dead. On the brink of severing ties with both his wife and his longtime partner, an L.A.P.D. officer instead winds up trapped with them as death closes in.
Production.
Production began in December 2009 for twelve days with two additional pick up days in early 2010. Shooting was momentarily halted when the Los Angeles Police Department arrived by foot, car, and helicopter due to a concerned citizen mistaking actors with prop weapons for gang members battling in the streets. Lead zombie Timothy Muskatell was run over by a car while heading to set on his scooter resulting in a very dislocated shoulder. This resulted in having director, Sean Cain having to substitute for him for two shooting days.
Release.
The film had its premiere during Gorezone magazine Weekend of Horrors on November 1, 2009 where it played alongside another Cain produced film, Someone's Knocking at the Door. Since then Silent Night, Zombie Night has played in a number of festivals up until its release on DVD & Blu-Ray October 4, 2011. It has since gone on to be a holiday horror favorite popping up numerous lists in 2011 like HorrorNews.net's 'Top 20 Christmas Movies', 365 Horror Movie's 'Best Christmas Horror list' and Most Wanted Monster's '13 Christmas Horror Films to DIE for'.

</doc>
<doc id="36543728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543728" title="The Mental and Social Life of Babies">
The Mental and Social Life of Babies

Kenneth Kaye's book "The Mental and Social Life of Babies" was published in 1982. Integrating a contemporary burgeoning field of research on infant cognitive and social development in the first two years of life with his own laboratory's studies at the University of Chicago, Kaye offered an "apprenticeship" theory. Seen as an empirical turning point in the investigation of processes in early human development, the book's reviews welcomed its reliance on close (second by second) process studies of a large sample of infants and mothers (50) recorded longitudinally (birth to 30 months). It was republished in England, Japan, Spain, Italy, and Argentina.
Since the argument placed social relations at the root of mental development, it amounted to an extension of Lev Vygotsky’s theory and of his objections to Jean Piaget, down to the first year of life. (Their debate dealt with the preschool years. ) However, the cited evidence from research by many authors in the 1970s also refined the argument Vygotsky had made. Previous writers seem to have assumed, like Piaget, that communication is a felicitous by-product of a symbol-using mind. (If they doubted it, no one had created empirical paradigms to study the processes involved.) Like Vygotsky, Kaye held the contrary: that communication is the origin of mind. His decade-long research program addressed the question: How does communication itself develop in an organism that still lacks a mind? His answer is the “apprenticeship” theory of infancy: Development of the human mind and language depends as much upon preadapted (through evolution) adult behavior and universal human interaction patterns as it does upon the infant’s brain. "The kinds of exchanges with adults that facilitate sensorimotor and later linguistic development require little from the infant at first except regularities in behavior and expressive reactions that parents tend to interpret "as if" they were meaningful gestures."

</doc>
<doc id="36543748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543748" title="Brompton and Rhiston">
Brompton and Rhiston

Brompton and Rhiston was a civil parish in Shropshire, England. In 1987 it merged with Chirbury civil parish to form the present-day civil parish of Chirbury with Brompton. Brompton and Rhiston continues as a parish ward within the new civil parish, returning 2 councillors.
The parish included the settlements of Brompton and Pentreheyling, both hamlets. Rhiston is a small hamlet, partly in Wales; it was historically more notable and has an entry in the Domesday Book.
The neighbouring places of Brompton and Pentreheyling are notable for the fact that they are impossible to reach from any other place in England by road without first passing through Wales. Public footpaths are the only access which link them with the rest of England. They are however not geographically an exclave.

</doc>
<doc id="36543756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543756" title="1994 OFC U-20 Championship">
1994 OFC U-20 Championship

The OFC U-20 Championship 1994 was held in Fiji. It also served as qualification for the 1995 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Teams.
The following teams entered the tournament:
Group Stage.
Group A.
<br>
Group B.
<br>
Qualification to World Youth Championship.
The tournament winner qualified for the 1995 FIFA World Youth Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36543759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543759" title="Niklas Rådström">
Niklas Rådström

Niklas Rådström (born 12 April 1953) is a Swedish poet, novelist and playwright. He made his literary debut in 1975, with the poetry collection "Med tystnad närbesläktade dikter". Among his novels are "Vitnatt" from 1976 and "Medan tiden tänker på annat" from 1992.
At the 29th Guldbagge Awards he was nominated for the award for Best Screenplay for the film "Speak Up! It's So Dark".
He was awarded the Dobloug Prize in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36543772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543772" title="Usep Munandar">
Usep Munandar

Usep Munandar (born on December 17, 1981 in Bandung) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Liverpool FC in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36543793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543793" title="William Frederick Eberlein">
William Frederick Eberlein

William Frederick Eberlein (June 25, 1917, Shawano, Wisconsin – 1986, Rochester, New York) was an American mathematician, specializing in mathematical analysis and mathematical physics.
Eberlein studied from 1936 to 1942 at the University of Wisconsin and at Harvard University, where he received in 1942 a PhD for the thesis "Closure, Convexity, and Linearity in Banach Spaces" under the direction of Marshall Stone. Eberlein had academic positions at the Institute for Advanced Study (1947–1948), at the University of Wisconsin (1948–1955), at Wayne State University (1955–1956), and from 1957 at the University of Rochester, where he remained for the rest of his career.
He worked on functional analysis, harmonic analysis, ergodic theory, mean value theorems, and numerical integration. Eberlein also worked on spacetime models, internal symmetries in gauge theory, and spinors. His name is attached to the Eberlein–Šmulian theorem in functional analysis and the Eberlein compacta in topology.

</doc>
<doc id="36543805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543805" title="Metagyndes innata">
Metagyndes innata

Metagyndes innata is a harvestman of the family Gonyleptidae found in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="36543843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543843" title="Eva Runefelt">
Eva Runefelt

Eva Virginia Runefelt (born 1953) is a Swedish novelist and poet. She made her literary debut in 1975, with the novel "I svackan". Among her poetry collection are "En kommande tid av livet" from 1975 and "Mjuka mörkret" from 1997. She was awarded the Dobloug Prize in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36543867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543867" title="The Big Fix (2012 film)">
The Big Fix (2012 film)

The Big Fix is a 2012 documentary film about two filmmakers, Josh and Rebecca Tickell, as they travel along the coast of the Gulf of Mexico meeting the residents whose lives were changed by the 2010 BP Oil Spill.The film argues that BP has utilized the oil dispersant Corexit in the Gulf to create the illusion that the Louisiana beaches are safe and the water (and seafood) uncontaminated.
Awards.
Festivals and Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="36543904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543904" title="1997 OFC U-20 Championship">
1997 OFC U-20 Championship

The OFC U-20 Championship 1997 was held in Tahiti. It also served as qualification for the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Teams.
The following teams entered the tournament:
Group Stage.
<br>
Qualification to World Youth Championship.
The tournament winner qualified for the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36543921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543921" title="Giannis Takidis">
Giannis Takidis

Giannis Takidis () (born 17 April 1981 in Thessaloniki, Greece) is a Greek footballer who plays for Panetolikos F.C..
Club career.
Takidis started his career playing with Kickers Offenbach at the Regionalliga. Since 2005, he has been playing in Greece. On 18 July 2012, he signed a 1-year contract with Panetolikos F.C. 

</doc>
<doc id="36543927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543927" title="Vadim Nikolayev">
Vadim Nikolayev

Vadim Danilovich Nikolayev (; was born on September 19, 1967) is a Shakespeare scholar from Russia, the writer, the translator of poetry and prose, the essayist and the author of first Russian encyclopedia about William Shakespeare.
Main Shakespeare-related works.
Nikolayev was the compiler (together with Alexander Sharakshane) and the translator of forty-seven Shakespeare's sonnets in "William Shakespeare. Sonnets: The Anthology of Modern Translations" (St. Petersburg: Azbooka-classic Publishing House, 2004, reprinting — 2005, 2007). A copy of the book is available in the library of the Shakespeare Birthplace Trust.
His other main work is the encyclopedia "Shakespeare" (Moscow, Kharkiv, 2007). The encyclopedia was discussed on April 23, 2008 by the Shakespeare Committee of the Russian Academy of Sciences, which noted that "the author has done a huge work, noteworthy at all amateurs of Shakespeare's creativity". Russian electronic encyclopedia "World of Shakespeare" further specified that Nikolayev's report at the scientific conference Shakespeare Readings (in 2008), titled "Shakespeare and Christianity", "caused lively discussions", although "most participants disagreed with the statement that Shakespeare put forward anti-church ideas and did not consider suicide to be a sin". Shakespeare Readings is a prestigious scientific international conference, which is held in Moscow.
In his article "Shakespeare and The Count of Monte Cristo" Nikolayev found parallels between Shakespeare's plays ("Romeo and Juliet", "The Winter's Tale", and especially "The Tempest") and the novel of Alexandre Dumas.
In his article "Hamlet — the Image and the Stereotype" Nikolayev tried to prove that Hamlet is a psyhopath with the ideas, which preceded Nietzsche's ideas. Nikolayev thinks that traditional image of Hamlet has been created by the romantics, that Shakespeare wanted to destroy Elizabethian stereotypes of heroic avenger and jealous avenger (Othello).
Translations.
Besides Shakespeare's sonnets, Nikolayev also translated into Russian fragments of "Hamlet", one scene from "Troilus and Cressida", the poems of Petrarch, Thomas Wyatt, Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey, George Gascoigne, Philip Sydney, Edmund Spenser, Samuel Daniel, Bartholomew Griffin, John Donne, Jonathan Swift, Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, William Blake, Lord Byron, Percy Bysshe Shelley, John Keats, Adam Mickiewicz, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Charles Baudelaire, Robert Louis Stevenson, Oscar Wilde, Rudyard Kipling, Robert Frost, and Richard Aldington, as well as one of the Roger Waters' songs. In 2013 Nikolayev prepared for the edition Stevenson' A Child's Garden of Verses and translated almost all poems.
In the same year Nikolayev has published his translation of Antoine de Saint-Exupéry's The Little Prince. In the afterward "From the Translator" he criticized first Russian translator of Saint-Exupéry's novella, Nora Gal.
Fiction.
In 2014 Nikolayev has published historical novel "Bogatyr's Armed Force of Monomakh. Rus' in the Fire!" The author of the annotation wrote that the book «came back «beautiful and violent» world of our martial ancestors». Ilya Muromets, Dobrynya Nikitich and Alyosha Popovich are the members of Vladimir Monomakh's armed force in this historical novel.
Other.
Nikolayev was an editor-in-chief of Svetez'Ъ Publishing House. He has published the book "Notes on Different Themes" (Moscow, 2011). He is an author of philological and biographic articles, and he also published his own poetry in periodical press.

</doc>
<doc id="36543941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543941" title="Big Sandy Dam">
Big Sandy Dam

Big Sandy Dam is a dam in Sweetwater County, Wyoming, about ten miles north of Farson. 
The earthen dam impounds the Big Sandy River and stands 85 feet high. It was built from 1941 to 1952 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation as part of its Eden Project for irrigation storage. No hydroelectric power is generated here. The dam is operated by the local Eden Valley Irrigation and Drainage District. 
Big Sandy Reservoir covers about 2500 surface areas and contains a maximum capacity of 38,300 acre-feet. The lake allows for boating, camping and fishing recreation with primitive facilities. 

</doc>
<doc id="36543947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543947" title="Journal of Traumatic Stress">
Journal of Traumatic Stress

The Journal of Traumatic Stress is a peer-reviewed academic journal published bimonthly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Society for Traumatic Stress Studies. The editor-in-chief is Daniel Weiss (University of California, San Francisco). The journal covers research on the biopsychosocial aspects of trauma and publishes original articles, brief reports, reviews, commentaries, and special issues devoted to single topics.
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 2.721, ranking it 22nd out of 109 journals in the category "Psychology, Clinical" and 32nd out of 117 journals in the category "Psychiatry (Social Science)".

</doc>
<doc id="36543959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543959" title="Gnathophausia">
Gnathophausia

Gnathophausia is a genus of lophogastrid crustacean. There are 10 species recognized in the genus "Gnathophausia":

</doc>
<doc id="36543960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543960" title="I Marinella Tragouda Megales Kyries">
I Marinella Tragouda Megales Kyries

I Marinella tragouda Megales Kyries (Greek: "Η Μαρινέλλα τραγουδά Μεγάλες Κυρίες"; ) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella. It was released in 1992 by Minos EMI in Greece.
Track listing.
Side One.
Side Two.

</doc>
<doc id="36543963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543963" title="Gregorio Peces-Barba">
Gregorio Peces-Barba

Gregorio Peces-Barba (13 January 1938 – 24 July 2012) was a Spanish politician and jurist. He was one of the seven jurists who wrote the Spanish Constitution of 1978 as a representative of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Peces-Barba was born in Madrid. He studied Law in Madrid and Strasbourg, writing his thesis about Jacques Maritain. He was a member of the Socialist Party since 1972 and was chosen as congressman for the province of Valladolid in 1977 in the first democratic elections in Spain in forty years. He was one of the seven jurists who wrote the constitution approved in referendum in 1978, and so he is consider a father of the constitution. In 1982 he was elected president of the congress of deputies and held that chair until 1986 when he decided not to rerun. He helped to create the Charles III University of Madrid and from 1989 until 2007 he was rector of that university.
He was chosen by president José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero to be High Commissioner for the help of the victims of terrorism in 2004. He was strongly criticised by the Asociación de Víctimas del Terrorismo and decided to resign in 2006. No successor was chosen. He died, aged 74, in Oviedo.

</doc>
<doc id="36543964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543964" title="Maria Alice">
Maria Alice

Maria Alice de Fátima Rocha Silva (born 23 October 1961), better known as Maria Alice, is a Cape Verdean singer. She was born and raised on the island of Sal. Cape Verde's international airport is based on Sal, and Maria's unique voice drew the attention of many Cape Verdean musicians who passed through the island on their way to and from Europe, America, and Africa. She soon moved to Lisbon, Portugal and began performing and recording with established artists such as the renowned clarinettist Luís Morais. Her solo album "D'zencontre" was recorded in Lisbon in 1995 with top local musicians.

</doc>
<doc id="36543998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36543998" title="Memorario">
Memorario

Memorario is the commercial name given to the regional railway system of Tuscany, operated by Trenitalia since 2004 and based on a clock-face scheduling.
It consists of three types of train: fast trains ("veloci"), half-fast trains ("semiveloci") and metropolitan trains ("metropolitani").
Network.
Memorario operates numerous regional lines and continues to expand.

</doc>
<doc id="36544005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544005" title="Ridgeview">
Ridgeview

Ridgeview may refer to:
Places:
Schools:

</doc>
<doc id="36544010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544010" title="Hamburg Stadtpark">
Hamburg Stadtpark

Hamburg Stadtpark is a 148-acre municipal public park in the suburb of Winton, in the north district in Hamburg, Germany. The park, opened in 1914, is an important example for the transformation of German gardening and landscaping of public gardens to the public park.

</doc>
<doc id="36544012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544012" title="First Position">
First Position

First Position is a 2011 American documentary film. It follows six young dancers preparing for the Youth America Grand Prix in New York City, an annual competition for dancers ages 9–19 to earn a place at an elite ballet company or school. Directed by Bess Kargman, it features Michaela DePrince, Aran Bell, Miko Fogarty, Jules Fogarty, Joan Sebastian Zamora and Rebecca Houseknecht as they intensively train and prepare for what could be the turning point of their lives.
Reception.
The film garnered critical acclaim, receiving a rating of 96% on the website Rotten Tomatoes. Manohla Dargis of "The New York Times" praised the film as creating "pocket portraits of children whose dedication to their art is by turns inspiring, daunting and, at times, a little frightening." Frank Scheck of "The Hollywood Reporter" wrote that "First Position" "overcomes its predictable elements thanks to the inherent visual drama of watching children strain their bodies to the limit in obsessive pursuit of their goals."
The film was the first runner-up for Best Documentary at the Toronto International Film Festival where it premiered, winning the Jury Prize at the San Francisco Doc Fest, and audience awards for Best Documentary at the Dallas International Film Festival and at the Portland International Film Festival, where Bess Kargman also won Best New Director. The film's takings were $48,024 on its opening weekend in the first weekend of May. As of 24 June 2012, the film has grossed $894,471 in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36544013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544013" title="Two Plus Fours">
Two Plus Fours

Two Plus Fours is a 1930 American short film featuring the Rhythm Boys (Bing Crosby, Al Rinker and Harry Barris) and directed by Ray McCarey.

</doc>
<doc id="36544025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544025" title="Ten Esschen (hamlet)">
Ten Esschen (hamlet)

Ten Esschen (Limburgese: "Genessche") is a Dutch hamlet located in the commune of Heerlen, in the province of Dutch Limburg. On 1 January 2007, the hamlet had 166 inhabitants. 

</doc>
<doc id="36544051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544051" title="San Juan Bautista de Sonora">
San Juan Bautista de Sonora

Real de San Juan Bautista de Sonora was the location of one of the first silver mines in Sonora, then part of New Spain.
Now ruined, it lies near to the town of Cumpas, founded in 1643 by the Jesuit missionary Egidio Monteffio.
The name of Sonora seems to have first been given to the principal valley or to the San Juan Bautista mining district, and later was used for the whole province.
Rich mineral deposits were discovered at San Juan Bautista in 1657.
The Presidio de las Fronteras de Sonora was created in 1690, an armed force with no permanent base, but operating at first out of the San Juan Bautista mining camp. 
In 1693 Domingo Jironza Petriz de Cruzate, former governor of New Mexico, was made captain for life of the Presidio of Fronteras and alcalde mayor of Sonora, 
holding office until 1701. 
In 1702 Don Juan Francisco de Bustamante y Velasco was appointed alcaldía mayor of San Juan Bautista. 
As of 1724 San Juan Bautista was within the province of Nueva Vizcaya,
and was administered by the "Alcalde mayor de Sonora y minas de San Juan Bautista".
In 1722, San Juan Bautista was the scene of meetings where the leading citizens and civil authorities of the provinces of Sinaloa and Sonora Ostimuri drew up proposals to radically overhaul the system of government, then dominated by the Jesuits missions. They proposed a secular organization with mission lands divided between Indians and settlers, 
and with Indians given the freedom to work where they wanted.
The meetings were convened by Rafael Pacheco Cevallos and captain Gregorio Álvarez Tuñón y Quirós.
Two deputies were chosen to represent the communities, a miner and a merchant.
A description of Sonora in 1767 said the mine had been abandoned, with its shafts flooded, due to the hostility of the Apaches.
Today the land is used for pasturage.
Due to its historical significance, the site has been registered with the National Institute of Anthropology and History, and is protected by the
1972 Federal law for archaeological, historical and artistic zones and monuments.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36544053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544053" title="Peter Cooper (author)">
Peter Cooper (author)

Peter Cooper, Wing Commander, RAF died 2007, wrote witty detective stories and light verse under the name "Colin Curzon". His "Not tonight Josephine" was anthologized by J. M. Cohen.

</doc>
<doc id="36544059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544059" title="Thomas Hood (disambiguation)">
Thomas Hood (disambiguation)

Thomas Hood was a poet.
Thomas Hood may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544093" title="TSG Pfeddersheim">
TSG Pfeddersheim

The TSG Pfeddersheim is a German association football club from the Pfeddersheim suburb of Worms, Rhineland-Palatinate.
The club's most notable achievement has been to qualify for the first round of the DFB-Pokal on five occasions, in 1989–90, 1993–94, 1995–96, 1996–97 and 2000–01.
History.
The club was formed in 1982, when the football department of the multi-sports club TSG Pfeddersheim, formed in 1886, left the mother club. TSG Pfeddersheim Fußball, as the new club was officially called, won promotion to the tier-four Verbandsliga Südwest, the highest league of the Southwest football federation. In this league too "TSG" achieved good results, culminating in a league championship in 1992 and promotion to the third division Oberliga Südwest.
Pfeddersheim spend the next eight seasons in the Oberliga, achieving good results in the first four seasons. It missed out on qualifying for the new Regionalligas in 1994, the new third tier of the German league system, but finished an excellent third in the league in 1996. After this results the club declined and "TSG" was relegated again from the Oberliga in 2000. "TSG" was unable to recover, instead suffering another drop in 2002, now to the Landesliga, where it was relegated from too in 2003.
After an absence of seven seasons the club was back in the Verbandsliga in 2009, becoming an upper table side once more. Another league title in 2012 took the team up to the Oberliga once more which had now been renamed Oberliga Rheinland-Pfalz/Saar.
The club plays its home games at the Uwe-Becker-Stadion, which holds 3,000.
DFB-Pokal.
The club has made it to the first round of the DFB-Pokal, Germany's national cup competition, on six occasions. In 1989–90 the team defeated VfB Gaggenau 2–0 in the first round to lose to Kickers Offenbach 1–3 in the second. Its second appearance, in 1993–94, saw the club receive a bye in the first round, defeating Greifswalder SC 2–0 and losing to MSV Duisburg 1–3 in extra time.
In the 1995–96 edition "TSG" drew Borussia Dortmund at home as its opposition in the first round, the current German champions at the time. The amateur club managed to hold Dortmund to a one all draw but lost 3–4 on penalties in front of 25,500. Its fourth appearance, in 1996–97, saw Pfeddersheim draw FSV Zwickau in the first round and exiting after a 1–2 loss. The club's fifth appearance in the German Cup ended in a 0–7 loss to TSV 1860 Munich on 27 August 2000.
After the club's sixth South West Cup triumph in 2013 the team qualified for the first cup round once more, meeting SpVgg Greuther Fürth on 2 August 2013 in the first round of the 2013–14 DFB-Pokal.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:

</doc>
<doc id="36544100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544100" title="1998 OFC U-20 Championship">
1998 OFC U-20 Championship

The OFC U-20 Championship 1998 was held in Apia, Samoa. It also served as qualification for the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Teams.
The following teams entered the tournament:
Group Stage.
Group A.
<br>
Group B.
<br>
Qualification to World Youth Championship.
The tournament winner qualified for the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36544144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544144" title="Yeşim">
Yeşim

Yeşim is a Turkish given name for females and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544150" title="Digilant">
Digilant

DIGILANT is an independent marketing technology company that provides marketers with a platform to support programmatic media buying. Launched in 2009 as Adnetik, DIGILANT is headquartered in the United States, with offices in Brazil, Colombia, Mexico and the European Union. DIGILANT'S team of experts go above and beyond, combining ad technology with an approach to help marketers uncover unique insights about their online audience. DIGILANT products are available as managed services or through a self-service interface. 
Digilant is connected to a variety of inventory partners including adap.tv, adbrite, AdMeld, Google DoubleClick, AppNexus, OpenX, Nexage, Right Media, Yahoo!, RMX, Rubicon and Improve Digital. Digilant is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, with offices in Bogota, Chicago, Dallas, Denver, Los Angeles, New York, Madrid, Mexico City, Miami and São Paulo.
Services.
Digilant is a consolidated media buying platform that combines intelligent data management from proprietary and third party sources with real-time bidding technology to distribute display, video and mobile ads across Ad Exchanges, Ad Networks, Publisher Sites, Supply-Side Optimizers,Video Exchanges and Mobile Exchanges.

</doc>
<doc id="36544153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544153" title="Sodium triacetoxyborohydride">
Sodium triacetoxyborohydride

Sodium triacetoxyborohydride, also known as sodium triacetoxyhydroborate, commonly abbreviated STAB, is a chemical compound with the formula Na(CH3COO)3BH. Like other borohydrides, it is used as a reducing agent in organic synthesis. This colourless salt is prepared by protonolysis of sodium borohydride with acetic acid:
Owing to the steric and electronic effects of the acetoxy groups, sodium triacetoxyborohydride is a milder reducing agent than sodium borohydride or even sodium cyanoborohydride. Furthermore, NaBH(OAc)3 avoids the toxic side-products generated by sodium cyanoborohydride. Sodium triacetoxyborohydride is especially suitable for reductive aminations of aldehydes and ketones. 
However, unlike sodium cyanoborohydride, the triacetoxyborohydride is water-sensitive and water cannot be used as a solvent with this reagent, neither is it compatible with methanol. It reacts only slowly with ethanol and isopropanol and can be used with these.
NaBH(OAc)3 may also be used for reductive alkylation of secondary amines with aldehyde-bisulfite adducts. 

</doc>
<doc id="36544168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544168" title="Dear Snow">
Dear Snow

"Dear Snow" is the 33rd single by the Japanese boy band Arashi. It was released on October 6, 2010 on the J Storm record label. It was used as theme song for member Kazunari Ninomiya's film "".
Single information.
The single was released in two different versions: a Limited Version consisting of the A-side and a DVD with promotional video, and a Regular Edition containing a B-side and karaoke versions of the two songs.

</doc>
<doc id="36544171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544171" title="Jasy">
Jasy

Jasy is an open source Python 3 web tooling framework. It is intended to provide management of large web-based JavaScript projects, and give developers an API to create their own deployment scripts.

</doc>
<doc id="36544175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544175" title="Jamey">
Jamey

Jamey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544198" title="1992 Saab International – Doubles">
1992 Saab International – Doubles

Jacco Eltingh and Mark Koevermans were the defending champions, but Eltingh did not participate this year. Koevermans partnered Marcelo Filippini, finishing runner-up.
Tomás Carbonell and Francisco Roig won in the final 6–3, 6–4, against Marcelo Filippini and Mark Koevermans.

</doc>
<doc id="36544206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544206" title="Muhammad Fauzan Jamal">
Muhammad Fauzan Jamal

Muhammad Fauzan Jamal (born on June 6, 1988 in Padang) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persijap Jepara in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36544208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544208" title="Alphamagic square">
Alphamagic square

An alphamagic square is a magic square in which the number of letters in the name of each number in the square generates another magic square. Thus alphamagic squares are language dependent. Alphamagic squares were invented by Lee Sallows in 1986. Here is an example in English. Start with the following magic square:
Now consider the array of corresponding number words:
Counting the letters in each number word generates the following square which turns out to also be magic:
Since the generated array is also a magic square, the original square is said to be alphamagic. Could the generated square also be alphamagic? It is not known if any such squares exist. 
The above example enjoys another special property: the 9 numbers in the lower square are consecutive. This prompted Martin Gardner to describe it as "Surely the most fantastic magic square ever discovered." Of course, most alphamagic squares do not share this latter property.
However, Sallows then went on to produce a still more magical version in the form of the geometric magic square of Figure 1. Any three shapes in a straight line tile the cross; the numbers printed on them sum to 45.
Other languages.
The Universal Book of Mathematics provides the following information about Alphamagic Squares:

</doc>
<doc id="36544214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544214" title="Chandramathi">
Chandramathi

Chandrika Balan (born 17 January 1954) is an Indian bilingual writer who has published books in both English and, under the pen name Chandramathi,ചന്ദ്രമതി in Malayalam. She is an award-winning writer of fiction and translator, and a critic in both English and Malayalam. Chandramathi has published four books in English and 20 books in Malayalam, including 12 collections of short stories including a novelette, an anthology of medieval Malayalam poetry, two collections of essays, two memoirs, and five books translated from English.
Academic career.
Chandramathi was born in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala. She passed her post graduation in English Language and Literature from the University of Kerala in 1976 with a first class. In 1988 she received her Ph.D, from the University of Kerala. She was a Professor of English literature in All Saints’ College, Thriuvananthapuram. From 1993 to 1994 she served as Executive Editor of "Medieval Indian Literature".
In recognition of her academic career she received the Professor Sivaprasad Foundation Award for The Most Outstanding Teacher in 1999 and the Alumni Association of St. Berchmans College's award for the Best College Teacher in Kerala in 2002. In 1998 she visited Sweden with the team of 10 Indian writers under the Sahitya Akademi's cultural exchange programme. The visit inspired her to write the short story "Reindeer".
Bibliography.
Books in Malayalam: Fiction.
Aparnayude Thadavarakal(Aswathiyudethum) [ The Prison houses of Aparna; Aswathy's Too. NOVEL]. Kottayam: DCBooks 2013
Books in Malayalam: Non-fiction.
Oliverude Diarykkurippukal. [ Ruskin Bond's novel Mr. Oliver's Diary ].Kottayam: DC Books,2011. 
External links.
Reference links:

</doc>
<doc id="36544215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544215" title="Permutatude theory">
Permutatude theory

Permutatude theory is an ongoing conceptual framework for exploring mass collective psychology and global social evolution as developed by interdisciplinary artist and theorist, Gayil Nalls. Permutatude identifies information and communication technologies (ICTs) as a medium for exponentially expanding human massing events and their meaning, and as a forum for collective actions, increasing the potential for rapid change to social systems.
Theory.
Formulated in the mid-1980s, permutatude theory hypothesizes that massing events have the potential to become as expansive as the technology of a particular historical moment allows. People having similar values, beliefs, and needs around the world could bond mentally and emotionally with collective actions of real crowds, rapidly growing the size of the massing event and forming new dynamics of power. These changes, creating an exponential structure of massing events occur according to the proportion of ICTs per capita, per country or culture. The theory is based on Nalls' immersed and remote observations of crowds, the study of crowd theory, and her artistic practice creating works that foment chemical bonding in crowds. Nalls has found that humans have innate mechanisms that are activated in situations of threat and feel relief in groups of the like-minded, capable of mediating the threat.
Permutatude theory posits that crowds are composed of participants who bond with each other through the senses, particularly through physiological chemosensory mechanisms via the sense of smell, which are located in the limbic system, the area of the brain that governs emotions and intuition. Based partly on this bonding, crowds themselves take on characteristics, often revealed through particular shapes and patterns, and the specific way they move or flow. Images of crowds, their patterns, and their individual participants are transmitted through ICTs and are recognized by viewers, who in turn may respond empathetically, though not necessarily consciously, to both the crowd as a whole and to individuals in the crowd. Nalls has hypothesized that this expansive bonding through image technology is potentially explained by mirror neurons, which manage empathy responses between individuals, however less is known about empathetic responses to crowds.
According to permutatude theory, permutations in attitudes, values and beliefs can now rapidly evolve on a global scale in relationship to the proportion of ICTs. Permutatude thus explains one part of a natural but complex biological evolutionary process towards globalization as a survival mechanism. The explorations look at how the brain translates the physical stimulus of crowds or images of crowds that occurs in chemosensory, somatosensory, auditory and visual systems.
Etymology.
Permutatude is a neologism formulated by combining the basic root words "permute" and "attitude" in the English language, but also calling to mind other words such as "mute" (as in “being silent”), and "mutation" (as in an act or modification in form and/or structure). The first published definition for permutatude occurs in the 1992 catalog from Nalls' solo exhibition, "Permutatude", at Phillippe Staib Gallery in New York:
"A world capable of being changed; a transformation or rapid evolution of attitude of individuals on a large scale allowing a reordering to take place; revolt by the once silent masses against constituted authority; majority will; a sudden necessary modification in the global community ‘permitting’ rapid change to take place; exercise of authority by the masses, the natural instincts of democracy."
The text below presages later scientific studies and insights into the biological and neurological bases of human empathy.
"Permutatude is a stage of humankind’s global functional adaptation. This giant step in human development is taking place in as many varied ways, with as many permutations as there are countries, cultures and people. Nothing less than the whole juvenile human condition is in transformation. Image technologies are mirroring the multitudes, creating intellectual and biological sympathy, anticipating a new world community, burying old political orders and creating new ones. Our technology, intentionally and unintentionally, consciously and unconsciously, has speeded up an evolutionary process. We transmit and bond with ritual action globally. We are doing this instinctively. Individuals clustering by like-mindedness, united in strategy to meet basic human needs are shifting the scope of concern to a global context by their images, our images, on the airwaves. In the anatomy of moving masses we are individuals in search of a world community. The meaning for this change is buried within each of us." 
The idea of permutatude came alive with the telecommunicated revolutions of 1989, when people around the world watched in real time as millions flooded the streets of Poland, Hungary, East Germany, Czechoslovakia, Bulgaria and Romania and witnessed the events surrounding the fall of communism in those countries. Similar events also informed the theory: the Tiananmen Square protests, where millions more gathered; the German reunification in 1990, dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991, and the global protests at the beginning of the First Gulf War as well as the “Operation: Welcome Home” celebrations, and counter-protests, in New York City at the war’s end. As the democratic yearning described in Permutaude continued to unfold, the Arab Spring upheavals spread, driven by social media, despite the distinct political and cultural history of each country. The movement first emerged under the name The Jasmine Revolution, a term which Nalls suggests pays homage to the cohesion of the revolutionaries and their felt group chemistry. Such anomalies have occurred in history with Portugal's Carnation Revolution, Georgia's Rose Revolution, and the recent Hydrangea Revolution in Japan (July 2012), Nalls' research has found that there are intrinsic links between geographic locations, environmental smells, and human behavior around the world. The scent of a simple flower can connect people in unexpected ways, working as unconscious, invisible, and inaudible anthems of group mind.
Related works.
The film, "Permutatude Study/Permutatude Text", documents two massing events, the first shot during the fall of the Berlin Wall (1989) and the second, Operation Welcome Home event in New York City at the end of the first Gulf War. The double channel video combines "Permutatude Text", a dynamic visual of Permutatude writings with massing footage. The works were first exhibited at the Phillippe Staib Gallery in New York in 1992as separate visuals in one installation, however they were later combined into one projection for the Americas, Seville ‘92, Monastery of Santa Clara, Seville, Spain. Nalls was one of four video artists selected to represent America in the exhibition as part of Expo '92 in Seville, Spain.
Permutatude continues as a conceptual project to build and refine the concepts through research and aesthetic projects. It is central to Nalls' artistic research into the “aesthetics of mass anatomy,” which seeks to define the evolution of the aesthetic qualities of collective behavior and human massing. In 1999, Nalls' exhibited 1,495,852,024 at Steffany Martz Gallery, New York, NY. The installation featured a series of triptychs, named after those countries that identified a species of jasmine as their most culturally relevant scent in Nalls' World Sensorium research. Each triptych included a selected large-scale photojournalistic image of a crowd; a photographic image of jasmine shrubs taken by the artist, which simulate the crowd pattern from her memory; and an engraved bottle containing a jasmine oil composition. The images of crowds were researched for their unique qualities in showing large-visual-field human portraiture and the different socio-dynamics of massing events. 
In the 2012 exhibition, "The Smell of a Critical Moment", a work involving the participation of Occupy Wall Street protestors, she continued her explorations of the multimodal communication systems involved in the underlying chemosensory information exchanged in crowds and then through an immersive installation.

</doc>
<doc id="36544224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544224" title="List of Medics (Polish TV series) episodes">
List of Medics (Polish TV series) episodes

The first series of Polish medical drama Medics premiered on 3 September 2012. It consists of 13 episodes, each running approximately 45 minutes in length.
Production.
Filming of the first series took place mainly in Toruń and partly in Warsaw. It consists of 13 episodes. The series was produced under the title "Szpital Alicji" ("Alicja's Hospital") referring to the main character's name, but was changed to the current one - "Lekarze" ("Medics") in March 2012.
Synopsis.
The young and ambitious surgeon Alicja Szymańska (Magdalena Różczka) decides to begin a new life. She leaves Warsaw and moves to Toruń, where she begins work in the fictional hospital "Copernicus", managed by Elżbieta Bosak (Danuta Stenka). The new job gives her the opportunity to develop her career and meet a group of passionate doctors, who fight for the life and health of their patience, forgetting their own weaknesses and everyday problems.

</doc>
<doc id="36544230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544230" title="Fennelly">
Fennelly

Fennelly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544231" title="Cognitive Research Corporation Driving Simulator">
Cognitive Research Corporation Driving Simulator

The Cognitive Research Corporation Driving Simulator (CRCDS) is a PC-based driving simulator used to test the effects of various factors (such as age, trauma, neurologic disease, alcohol and fatigue) on driving performance. The CRCDS software is ported from the National Advanced Driving Simulator (NADS).
Specifications.
Cognitive Research Corporation (CRC) designed the CRCDS for use in pharmaceutical research. The system consists of a single PC, three 21-inch LCD monitors (105-degree field of view), a full-size steering wheel and pedals, an instrument panel display, a 2.1 audio system, a tactile transducer, and a separate display for the Coach/Instructor.
Simulator Scenarios.
Country Vigilance Scenario.
The monotonous Country Vigilance scenario has been demonstrated to be sensitive to detect the effects of fatigue or sleepiness on driving performance. This scenario has been useful in evaluating patients with a variety of conditions including Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA), measuring the effects of sleep deprivation, chronic primary insomnia, and is sensitive to CNS depressants (e.g., alcohol and sedating antihistamines).
Screening Scenario.
This is a brief drive that comprises several minutes of the Country Vigilance Scenario. The purpose of this drive is to provide an introductory experience for the participant and to determine if they are likely to experience simulator sickness when using the driving simulator.
Familiarization Scenario.
The purpose of this drive is to provide standardized instructions on operation of the driving simulator. It comprises several minutes of the Country Vigilance Scenario, followed by several minutes of the Country Vigilance Scenario with a divided attention task.
Practice Scenario.
This scenario was designed to provide the participant with standardized practice of the driving tasks being completed during testing. The Practice Scenario consists of several minutes of the Country Vigilance Scenario Driving.

</doc>
<doc id="36544238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544238" title="List of foreign Slovak First League players">
List of foreign Slovak First League players

This is a list of foreign players in the Slovak First League, which commenced play in 1992. The following players must meet both of the following two criteria:
In bold: players who have played at least one Slovak First League game in the current season (2011–12), and are still at the clubs for which they've played. This does not include current players of a Slovak First League club who have not played a Slovak First League game in the current season.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="36544243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544243" title="Wade Harman">
Wade Harman

Wade Harman is a NFL coach, who is currently the Assistant Offensive Line Coach with the Atlanta Falcons. Harman will work in tandem in Atlanta with veteran offensive line coach Mike Tice, a former Minnesota Vikings head coach and Chicago Bears offensive coordinator who played collegiately at Maryland.
Before being hired by the Falcons, Harman spent most of his career as a tight end coach for the Baltimore Ravens. He was fired on January 27, 2014. Harman began his NFL coaching career with the Minnesota Vikings. Until his dismissal, Harman was the longest tenured coach in the Baltimore Ravens organization, and the only coach remaining in the organization from the Super Bowl XXXV team. 
Minnesota Vikings.
1997 Season.
Harman began his coaching career with a one-year contract as a coaches assistant for the Minnesota Vikings. In his first year with the Vikings, the team went 9-7 in the regular season, winning a Wild Card berth in the playoffs, before losing the divisional round to the San Francisco 49ers.
1998 Season.
Harman was given a one-year contract extension at the end of the 1997 season, and returned to the Vikings in 1998. The Vikings went 15-1 this year, but lost to the Atlanta Falcons in the NFC Conference Championship, becoming the first 15-1 team to not reach the Super Bowl.
Baltimore Ravens.
1999 Season.
Herman was not resigned by the Vikings following the 1998 season, and was picked up by the Baltimore Ravens as a tight ends coach.
Shannon Sharpe (2000-2001) and Super Bowl XXXV.
From 2000-2001, Harman's main role was coaching tight end Shannon Sharpe. In 2000, Sharpe achieved the longest touchdown pass in NFL history in the AFC Conference Championship. The Ravens would go on to win Super Bowl XXXV. The next year, Sharpe would become the All Time NFL leader in Passes Caught by a Tight End and would earn a spot in the Pro Bowl.
Todd Heap (2002-2010).
Sharpe left the Ravens organization following the 2001 season, and Harman was called upon to prepare tight end Todd Heap to take over the starting tight end position. Heap was the leading receiver on the Ravens that year, with 836 yards. Heap was selected for the 2002 and 2003 Pro Bowl teams. Harman continued to coach Heap until the end of the 2010 season, when he signed with the Arizona Cardinals.
2010-2013 Seasons and Super Bowl XLVII.
Harman was in charge of coaching Ravens 2010 draft picks Dennis Pitta and Ed Dickson. Harman was a part of the Ravens staff during their Super Bowl XLVII win.
Atlanta Falcons.
Harman was hired on February 6, 2014 as an Assistant Offensive Line Coach. 

</doc>
<doc id="36544249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544249" title="Lost Turkey Trail">
Lost Turkey Trail

The long-distance Lost Turkey Trail was built by the Youth Conservation Corps in 1976 and playfully named in tribute of the original trailblazers. This challenging trail provides a quiet passageway through the forest west of the Allegheny Front, before plunging down off the Front and then climbing steeply up to the second-highest point in Pennsylvania. The trail winds through parts of Somerset, Cambria, and Bedford Counties, cutting through Gallitzin State Forest, state game lands, and Blue Knob State Park. Backpack camping along the trail is permitted only in the state forest, creating a challenge in mapping out backpacking routes. Fee campgrounds are available at the state park, but these are near the trail’s northeastern terminus, near the ski area. The southwestern terminus of Lost Turkey Trail is at a parking lot on Pennsylvania Route 56, across the road from Babcock Picnic Area, about southeast of Johnstown.
From its southwestern terminus, Lost Turkey Trail leads for about through easy to moderately challenging terrain along Pot Ridge. It then meets Little Break Hollow in the crest of the Allegheny Front, and the hiking becomes very challenging for the remainder of the route. The trail descends to Burnt House Picnic Area, crosses Pennsylvania Route 869, and follows the edge of Forks Ridge above an impressive canyon. It then descends to beautiful Bobs Creek, climbs steeply up and down Hogback Ridge, and at mile 24 reaches a monument to two pioneer children who got lost in the area and died mysteriously in 1856, after which it begins a challenging climb to the top of Blue Knob.
Lost Turkey Trail was constructed on existing trails with the addition of some new connectors. It is marked with 2-by-6-inch orange blazes. In the state forest section, part of the trail shares a pathway with an existing snowmobile trail, and in this area the red blazes share space with orange diamond-shaped blazes. Another part of the trail passes through private land; permission has been secured, but the landowners have requested the prohibition of fires, motorized vehicles, and littering. This creates another challenge for the planning of backpacking trips. Day hikes on Lost Turkey Trail are certainly possible, but the limited access points usually necessitate car shuttling.

</doc>
<doc id="36544259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544259" title="PSEmu Pro">
PSEmu Pro

PSEmu Pro was a PlayStation emulator. It has been discontinued since 1999. However, its plugin interface is still used on most recent emulators such as ePSXe and PCSX.
Plugin interface.
The interface defined in the PSEmu Plugin Development Kit is used to create plugins. The following functions are present on all types of plugins.

</doc>
<doc id="36544264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544264" title="Kim Tae-hyung">
Kim Tae-hyung

Kim Tae-Hyung (Hangul: 김태형, born 17 March 1989) is South Korean footballer who currently plays for Seoul United FC.
FK Senica.
He made his debut for FK Senica against MFK Ružomberok on 27 February 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36544267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544267" title="Ephraim–Gibraltar Airport">
Ephraim–Gibraltar Airport

Ephraim–Gibraltar Airport is a public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) southwest of the central business district of Ephraim, a village in Door County, Wisconsin, United States. The airport is owned by the Village of Ephraim and the Town of Gibraltar. It was formerly known as Ephraim-Fish Creek Airport.
This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
Facilities and aircraft.
Ephraim–Gibraltar Airport covers an area of 160 acres (65 ha) at an elevation of 773 feet (236 m) above mean sea level. It has two runways: 14/32 is 2,697 by 60 feet (822 x 18 m) with an asphalt surface and 1/19 is 1,941 by 105 feet (592 x 32 m) with a turf surface.
Runway 01/19 slopes to the south such that one end of the runway cannot be seen from the other. The airport provides 100LL aircraft fuel.
For the 12-month period ending September 27, 2011, the airport had 9,300 aircraft operations, an average of 25 per day, with 59% transient general aviation, 38% local general aviation and 3% air taxi. At that time there were seven single-engine aircraft based on the field.

</doc>
<doc id="36544289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544289" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 2060">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2060

United Nations Security Council Resolution 2060 was unanimously adopted on 25 July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36544299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544299" title="Harris Station Dam">
Harris Station Dam

Harris Station Dam is a hydroelectric dam in Northeast Somerset, Somerset County, Maine.
Also known as the Indian Pond Project, the dam was built from 1952 to 1954 as the largest hydroelectric dam in the state of Maine. It impounds the Kennebec River at the southern end of the natural Indian Pond, about 10 miles downstream from Moosehead Lake. 
The concrete gravity structure is 175 feet high, and was named for Ford Harris, the chief engineer of original builders Central Maine Power. The dam creates about 86 megawatts of hydroelectric power. It's now owned and operated by Brookfield Renewable.

</doc>
<doc id="36544310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544310" title="Thomas Welby (mayor)">
Thomas Welby (mayor)

Thomas Welby is the Mayor of County Galway 2012-13.
Welby first served as Mayor of County Galway for the term 2004-05. He was first elected as a county councillor on 11 June 2004, a year to the day after his father, Tom Welby, died. Welby Sr. served as a county councillor for seventeen years, rising to the position of Leas-Chathaoirleach/Vice-Chairperson of the council. 
Thomas Welby "comes from a strong community background rather than a political one and cut his teeth working with the local Tidy Towns committee as well as being part of a steering group responsible for reinvigorating the community council in Oughterard." [http://galwayindependent.com/stories/item/3198/2012-29/Thomas-Welby,-Mayor-of-County-Galway]
Community development remains high on his agenda and h
His priorities for the year include community development, road transportation and water quality, with the value of Lough Corrib much underestimated.
Welby joined the Progressive Democrats in 2003 but resigned in 2008, running as an independent in the 2009 Local Elections, topping the poll in the Connemara Electoral Area.

</doc>
<doc id="36544313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544313" title="Vinzenz">
Vinzenz

Vinzenz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544317" title="The Great Book-Collectors">
The Great Book-Collectors

The Great Book-Collectors was an 1864 book by British author Charles Isaac Elton. The book deals with the subject of bibliophilia and bibliomania.
Summary.
The book describes in detail the circumstances behind the creation of the following institutions:
Reception.
The book remains an invaluable source of information on the transition from manuscripts to books that occurred in the Middle Ages.
Copyright Status.
The books is in the public domain in the United States and is available online.

</doc>
<doc id="36544318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544318" title="Bob Babbage">
Bob Babbage

Bob Babbage (born July 8, 1951) is an American lobbyist and Democratic politician who served as the 72nd Secretary of State of Kentucky. He is currently the national managing partner of Babbage Cofounder. Babbage is the grandson of Kentucky Governor Keen Johnson.

</doc>
<doc id="36544326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544326" title="Tennessee State Route 26">
Tennessee State Route 26

State Route 26 is an east–west highway in Middle Tennessee. The road begins in Lebanon and ends in Sparta. The current length is .
Route description.
The highway runs an unsigned concurrency with Highway 70 for its entire existence. It begins at an intersection with Business 70 and U.S Highway 70 in Lebanon as Highway 70 and Tennessee State Route 24 move east from Mt. Juliet. SR-26 moves around north Lebanon with Highway 70 as SR-24 continues with Business 70 through downtown Lebanon. At this point, SR-26/U.S. 70 is known as West Baddour Pkwy and later as East High St. SR-26 then continues south on the east side of town as Sparta Pike, intersecting SR-24 once more, before leaving Lebanon. The concurrency moves southeast, passing under Interstate 40 on its way to Watertown.
SR-26/U.S. 70 continues through Watertown and moves into DeKalb County, becoming Nashville Highway as it moves through the towns of Alexandria, Liberty, and Dowelltown. During this time SR-26/U.S. 70 runs two concurrencies with SR-53 (from Liberty to Alexandria) and SR-96 (from Liberty to just west of Smithville) with the routes briefly overlapping in Liberty so that all four routes run together.
After leaving Dowelltown, the highways go up a hill and end the concurrency with SR-96 at the top. SR-26/U.S. 70 moves through Smithville as West Broad St, later East Broad St, and moves east, becoming Sparta Highway as it does so. It then crosses Center Hill Lake and moves into White County. It moves into the west side of Sparta and becomes West Brockman Highway before ending at SR-1 as SR-1, U.S. 70S, and SR-111 end their concurrency with each other. U.S. 70 continues east with SR-1 to Crossville while SR-111 continues north to Cookeville. SR-26 and U.S. 70S both terminate at this intersection.

</doc>
<doc id="36544335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544335" title="United Nations Security Council resolution 2061">
United Nations Security Council resolution 2061

United Nations Security Council Resolution 2061 was unanimously adopted on 25 July 2012. It extended the mandate for the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq by another 12 months.

</doc>
<doc id="36544338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544338" title="Frank Scheck">
Frank Scheck

Frank Scheck is an American film critic. He is best known for his reviews in the "New York Post" and "The Hollywood Reporter". He formerly edited "STAGES Magazine" and worked as a film critic for the "Christian Science Monitor" in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="36544354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544354" title="Quebec Run Trail System">
Quebec Run Trail System

The Quebec Run Trail System consists of six maintained hiking trails totaling and marked with 2-by-6-inch blue blazes, as well as many unmarked logging roads and trails for those wishing to get off the beaten path. The trails are contained in the Quebec Run Wild Area, a heavily forested section of land along the eastern slope of Chestnut Ridge in Fayette County. A short distance north of the Pennsylvania-West Virginia border, the area consists of that encompass almost all of the Quebec Run and Tebolt Run watersheds.
For a circuit hike to some of the most interesting parts of the wild area, follow Mud Pike for , and park in the hard-surfaced parking lot on the right side of the road. The trailhead sign displays a map of Quebec Run Wild Area and its trails. Begin by taking Miller Trail on the east side of the parking lot (on the left as you face the sign and gate across Quebec Road), and follow the blue blazes. After , you can tell you are hiking along a ridge between two stream valleys. As the trail descends, it becomes narrower and steeper. On the floodplain of Mill Run, a number of trails intersect. Here, turn right onto Mill Run Trail, which goes along the bank of the stream. Shortly, you pass some downed trees all lying in the same direction. Look carefully for a blue "T" on a tree at a trail intersection (unless the sign has been replaced by the time of your visit). Turn right onto Rankin Trail, which crosses Quebec Run twice and proceeds to Quebec Road. Cross the road and make a sharp jog to the right; watch the blazes carefully. Rankin Trail follows the hillside again until it joins an old logging road. Turn left onto the logging road, and continue past some large boulders to a sign for Hess Trail to the left. Continue on Rankin Trail; then turn at the second sign for Hess Trail, which leads uphill to your right (north). This section of Hess Trail begins with a strenuous climb out of the valley, then proceeds northeast across the top of the ridge. The trail dips down to cross a tributary of Mill Run, and from this point it is a short walk back to the parking lot. A longer loop hike incorporating more of the wild area's most interesting trails is featured in "50 Hikes in Western Pennsylvania" (2000), by Tom Thwaites.
To reach Quebec Run Wild Area, take U.S. Route 40 to the top of Chestnut Ridge east of Uniontown. Just to the east of the Mount Summit Inn, turn south on Skyline Drive. Proceed for , past the entrance to Laurel Caverns to the junction with Quebec Road. From this junction, Skyline Drive to the south (via Mud Pike) and Quebec Road to the east form the boundaries of the wild area, and both lead to trailheads. Developed parking areas are shown on the wild area map. These and other area roads, some of which are closed to motor vehicles, provide access and allow for day hikes and loop hikes of various lengths.

</doc>
<doc id="36544369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544369" title="Wine It Up">
Wine It Up

"Wine It Up" is a Portuguese-language and English-language song by Lucenzo and Sean Paul, written by Lucenzo and Sean Paul and produced by Lucenzo. It was released on the July 9, 2012 by Yanis Records. The song has charted in France.

</doc>
<doc id="36544374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544374" title="Buffalo Elementary School of Technology">
Buffalo Elementary School of Technology

Buffalo Elementary School of Technology (formerly P.S. 6 and later Academic Challenge Center) is an elementary school located in Buffalo, New York. It is located at 414 South Division Street in Buffalo and serves Grades K through 8. the principal was Sharon Brown, and the current assistant principals were Michelle Hope and Karen Piotrowski.
History.
The school was established in 1839 as P.S. 6. In 1977 the school became one of the first magnet schools in the city and was renamed the "Academic Challenge Center." In 1997 the school was renamed "Buffalo Elementary School of Technology" in response to the school adopting a program that would integrate technology use into all subject areas.
Former principals.
"Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses"
Some former assistant principals.
"Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses"

</doc>
<doc id="36544378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544378" title="Saurabh">
Saurabh

Saurabh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544379" title="Kein Mann zum Heiraten">
Kein Mann zum Heiraten

Kein Mann zum Heiraten is a 1959 Austrian film directed by Hans Deppe.
Cast.
Ted Herold, Bill Ramsey, Jan Wennick and Kjeld Wennick appear uncredited.

</doc>
<doc id="36544380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544380" title="Iris lazica">
Iris lazica

Iris lazica (Lazistan iris) is a species of flowering plant in the family Iridaceae, native to the Black Sea Coast of Turkey and southern Georgia, and also cultivated as an ornamental plant in temperate regions. Growing to tall, it is a beardless rhizomatous iris with broad evergreen leaves, producing stemless flowers which are shorter in stature than the foliage, and which appear in late winter or early spring. The flower colour is typically pale lilac. Exceptionally for an iris in its group, this species prefers moist conditions and will tolerate some shade.
"Iris lazica" has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="36544386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544386" title="John Evans (by 1519–67/69)">
John Evans (by 1519–67/69)

John Evans, Ieuans or Jevans (by 1519-67/69), of Shrewsbury, Shropshire, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for ? in 1536, Shrewsbury 1547, Leominster April 1554, Much Wenlock November 1554 and Denbigh Boroughs 1555.

</doc>
<doc id="36544403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544403" title="Jevans">
Jevans

Jevans may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544404" title="Ballabh">
Ballabh

Ballabh is a given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="36544423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544423" title="Simhah">
Simhah

Simhah may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544428" title="Thomas Wykes">
Thomas Wykes

Thomas Wykes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544435" title="506 (disambiguation)">
506 (disambiguation)

506 was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar.
506 may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544436" title="Lambdin">
Lambdin

Lambdin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544444" title="Too Much To Know">
Too Much To Know

Too Much To Know: Managing Scholarly Information before the Modern Age (Yale University Press, 2010) is a bestselling book by American author Ann M. Blair. The book largely deals with the concept of information overload.
Summary.
The book essentially claims that the feeling of information overload is in no way unique to the digital age. Instead it has existed since antiquity.
Reception.
The book was declared by "The New Yorker" to be one of the best books of 2011. It was also praised by the "Washington Post", Rorotoko, and "Times Higher Education".

</doc>
<doc id="36544445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544445" title="Thomas Wykes (MP)">
Thomas Wykes (MP)

Thomas Wykes (fl. 1554), of Moreton Jeffries, Herefordshire, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Leominster in November 1554.

</doc>
<doc id="36544448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544448" title="Sonny Igoe">
Sonny Igoe

Owen Charles "Sonny" Igoe (October 8, 1923 Jersey City, New Jersey – March 28, 2012 Emerson, New Jersey) was an American jazz drummer and music educator who, from the mid-1940s to the mid-1950s, toured with the orchestras of Tommy Reed (1913–2012), Les Elgart, Ina Ray Hutton, Benny Goodman, and Woody Herman. From the mid-1940s to 1988, he performed on over 79 recordings with bands and artists, including The Buddy Stewart (1922–1950) Quintet, Benny Goodman and His Orchestra, Woody Herman and His Orchestra, Frances Wayne with Neal Hefti and His Orchestra, Rita Moss with the George Williams Orchestra, Charlie Ventura, Tony Bennett, Billy Maxted and His Manhattan Jazz Band, The Chuck Wayne Quintet, The Don Elliott Quintet, Joe Wilder, Phil Napoleon and His Original Memphis Five, Sammy Spear "(né" Samuel Shapiro; 1909–1975), Pee Wee Erwin, Joe Williams, Marlene Ver Planck (born 1933), Savina (Savina J. Hartwell; 1926–1992), Dick Meldonian "(né" Richard Anthony Meldonian; born 1930), and Doctor Billy Dodd.
A longtime resident of Emerson, New Jersey, Igoe grew up in Ridgewood and was attending Ridgewood High School when he got his start after winning a Gene Krupa drumming contest.
In the 1960s, Igoe was a member of the NBC Television Orchestra and then the CBS Television Orchestra, where his credits included "The Ed Sullivan Show" and "The Jackie Gleason Show."
Igoe’s playing was initially influenced by Krupa, but he soon drew upon elements of Max Roach and others, which eventually developed into an exuberant and individual style.
Jazz drummer, leader of The Birdland Big Band, and music educator Tommy Igoe (Thomas Robert Igoe; born 1964) is his son.
References.
Inline citations

</doc>
<doc id="36544463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544463" title="Henrik Vibskov">
Henrik Vibskov

Henrik Vibskov (born 1972) is a Danish fashion designer. Vibskov has a fashion label under his own name, and also designs accessories. He also does interior design and is active as a musician. His work is considered part of the "New Nordic Movement", a term to describe 21st century design in various media as practiced by designers from Northern European countries.
Career.
Born in Kjellerup, Jutland, Vibskov graduated from the Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design in London in 2001; he claimed in a 2009 interview that he only applied to the school to impress a "really hot girl". He returned to Denmark and established a fashion label under his own name. His work has been shown in publications such as "The Face", "Brutus", "Dazed & Confused", "i-D" and "Wallpaper". He also designs accessories such as sunglasses. As one author said of him, "Pattern T-shirts, colored socks, checked fabrics, folk-inspired ponchos and colored pants all combine to produce surprising, highly unconventional collections that resist categorization. Henrik is a unique artist that marches energetically to his own drummer in many of his presentations." "The Wall Street Journal", in an overview of New Nordic designers, praised his "playful fashion sense that steers clear of Scandinavian minimalism, emphasizing instead the eclectic sensibility of multicultural Copenhagen." He opened a store on Broom Street, Manhattan, in 2011.
His presentation at the 2012 Paris Men's Fashion Week drew attention for the "pulsing, amorphous pink-inflatable that alluded to passion fruit" that resembled a tongue and covered the runway; "The Los Angeles Fashion Magazine" commented that his clothes had "commercial sensibility and wearability" and remarked on "Vibskov's incredible craftsmanship and attention to detail".
Vibskov is also noted for his "Piggy" series, designs featuring patterns of pigs; he designed pig bags for his graduation at university and has also designed Palestinian scarves featuring them. His flamboyant designs are popular in Stockholm, Sweden, but can also be found in stores in fashion cities such as New York City and Paris. He won the Söderberg Prize in 2011 and was inducted in the Chambre Syndicale de la Mode Masculine in 2012.
Vibskov also makes and exhibits installations, sometimes combined with his fashion. In 2005, he had an exhibition, "The Aeroplane Project 2005", at the Danish Design Centre. In July 2006 he produced a collection in Paris and elsewhere which he named "The Big Wet Shiny Boobies Collection", in which his models were surrounded by an art installation consisting of shiny breasts.
Other pursuits.
Vibskov is also an artist, interior designer, film director and musician. He won the Beck's Futures prize in 2000 for his film "The Monk" and has also contributed interior designs to numerous places in Denmark, and has designed for the Royal Danish Horticultural Society's Garden. Vibskov is a drummer for the band Trentemøller.

</doc>
<doc id="36544466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544466" title="Tanbark Trail">
Tanbark Trail

The Tanbark Trail is an hiking trail that starts at US Route 62, north of Tidioute, Pennsylvania, and travels southeast to the Hearts Content Recreation Area and links with the North Country National Scenic Trail at Dunham Siding. The northern part of this trail passes through the Allegheny National Recreation Area and woodlands on the Allegheny Plateau.
The trail is marked with off-white markers.

</doc>
<doc id="36544473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544473" title="Salentin">
Salentin

Salentin may refer to:
People:
Places:

</doc>
<doc id="36544475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544475" title="Schinderhannes (band)">
Schinderhannes (band)

schinderhannes is a bavarian dialect rock band from Regensburg, Germany, founded by Hannes Ringlstetter in 1992. Schinderhannes originally was the nickname of "Johannes Bückler". Hannes Ringlstetter (voice, guitar and accordion) had already been on solo tour with this nickname since 1989.
Band members.
The cadre trio consists of Hannes Ringlstetter, Jochen Goricnik (joined the band in 1996; guitar, bass, mandolin and background voice) and Marco Köstler (joined the band in 1997; keyboard instruments, background voice and strings music soli).
Supporting members are/were Annette Frank (voice and equalizer), Bernhard Frank (arrangements/programming, guitar, bass, keyboards and percussions), Michael Eber (drums), Michael Thomas (drums), Markus Paul (bass), Markus Fritsch (bass), Tobias Heindl (violin), Hans Wax (vihuela), Edgar Feichtner (bugle, trombone, alphorn and accordion), Peter Feichtner (tuba), Wolfgang Dersch (trombone), Stefan Lang (trumpet) and Martin Jungmayer (saxophone).
Work.
In 2000 the band signed a record contract with Amigo Records. The published single "Da bin i dahoam" (Bavarian for "Da bin ich daheim"; there I am at home) was elected as official song at the "Fest der Bayern" (festival of the Bavarians) in Regensburg. Later the band founded the own record label "Klimper & Schepper". The H-Blockx and Anastacia covered the song "Mach di frei" (2001; Bavarian for "Mach dich frei"; free yourself) was covered at the Rock im Park festival. In 2002, schinderhannes was the warm-up group of Hubert von Goisern.

</doc>
<doc id="36544482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544482" title="Redneck Friend">
Redneck Friend

"Redneck Friend" (or, alternately, "Red Neck Friend") is a song written and performed by American singer-songwriter Jackson Browne, released as the first single from his 1973 album, For Everyman, and notable for its double entendre lyrics and guest appearances by Glenn Frey and Elton John, as well as the first appearance of David Lindley on a Jackson Browne single. The song reached #85 on "Billboard"'s Oct. 20, 1973, Hot 100 chart, spending 10 weeks on that chart after debuting at #99 on September 29, 1973. It was also released as a single in France and Japan, and as a promotional single in the United Kingdom and Germany.
Origin.
William Ruhlmann at Allmusic.com wrote that Browne "unsuccessfully looked for another hit single with the up-tempo" song. The musicians who are credited with playing on the recording are Lindley, on slide guitar, Frey, on vocal harmony, Jim Keltner, on drums, and Doug Haywood, on bass. Elton John plays piano on the song, but is credited as "Rockaday Johnnie," supposedly due to the fact that John was in the United States without a work permit at the time.
At the time of the song's release in 1973, the LP back cover listed the title as "Red Neck Friend," however, the single releases read "Redneck Friend."
Reaction.
For Janet Maslin, reviewing the "For Everyman" album in 1973 in "Rolling Stone", the "glibness gets out of hand" with the song, which, she writes, "sounds like too deliberate an attempt to create a single by someone whose art, even at its most casual, remains too complex for strictly AM audiences." Anthony DeCurtis referred to the song as a "loose-limbed, honky-tonk rave-up."

</doc>
<doc id="36544496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544496" title="David T. Killion">
David T. Killion

Ambassador David T. Killion (born c. 1966) is an American government official and diplomat, appointed in 2009 by President Barack Obama to serve as the United States Permanent Representative to UNESCO, with the rank of Ambassador. He left that office in December 2013. On 10 April 2014, U.S. Senators Ben Cardin (D-Md.) and Roger Wicker (R-Miss.) announced Ambassador Killion's joint appointment as the Senate Staff Director for the U.S. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (U.S. Helsinki Commission). 
Background.
Ambassador Killion was born 1966 in Danbury, Connecticut. Mr. Killion received his undergraduate degree from Wesleyan University in Middletown, Connecticut.
Career as Legislative Professional.
After earning his M.A. and C.Phil. degrees in political science from UCLA, Mr. Killion worked as a congressional legislative staffer. From 1996-2001, Mr. Killion worked as a Senior Legislative Management Officer in the U.S. Department of State Bureau of Legislative Affairs, under the Clinton administration. His areas of responsibility managing congressional relations included Human Rights, Democracy, War Crimes, Women’s Issues, Oceans, and Environment and Science. From 2001 until 2009, he served as Senior Professional Staff Member for the U.S. House Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Killion was the Committee’s expert on State Department Operations, International Organizations, and International Education. In this role he worked on legislation, the Global Anti-Semitism Review Act of 2004 which was enacted and created a Department of State Special Envoy to Combat anti-Semitism. Killion also “helped draft and shepherd through the house” H.R. 1469, the Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Foundation Act which was designed to increase the number of American college students studying abroad. In 2009, in recognition of this work, NAFSA, the Association of International Educators awarded Killion its Congressional Staff Champion Award “for his commitment to advancing international education.”
In 2014, after service as U.S. Ambassador to UNESCO, Killion returned to work as a legislative professional, receiving a joint appointment as the Senate Staff Director for the U.S. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (U.S. Helsinki Commission).
U.S. Ambassador to UNESCO.
Under President Reagan, the U.S. in 1984 withdrew from UNESCO and did not rejoin UNESCO until twenty years later. During his service as Senior Professional Staff Member for the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Foreign Affairs, David Killion worked to ease passage of legislation to allow the re-entry of the U.S. into UNESCO.
On June 25, 2009, President Obama appointed Killion U.S. Permanent Representative to UNESCO. Ambassador Killion was sworn into office on August 12, 2009.
According to the Department of State Office of the Inspector General’s report in May 2012, Ambassador, Killion has prioritized creative, innovative and entrepreneurial approaches to U.S. diplomacy. The Report credits Killion with having taken “concrete steps to uphold and defend universal values, deepen relationships with U.S. allies, promote respect for human rights, empower women and girls.” It also recognizes Ambassador Killion’s work to “mobilize civil society and the private sector to address common challenges,” noting his efforts to “facilitate public-private partnerships between UNESCO and industry giants like Apple, Microsoft and Proctor and Gamble.”
Soon after arriving in Paris in 2009, Ambassador Killion was widely credited for his energetic role in preventing the Director-Generalship of UNESCO from going to the controversial artist and Mubarak-era Egyptian Cultural Minister Farouk Hosni.
Replying to anti-UNESCO American critics who have urged that the U.S. should again withdraw from participation in UNESCO, Ambassador Killion has argued that, "there are critical American interests at stake UNESCO: moral, cultural, national security, even economic interests. We think this is a strategic piece of real estate in the international system. It can get us to places we couldn’t get to otherwise.” He has insisted on UNESCO's value in promoting freedom of expression and science diplomacy, advancing girls' education, and defending Internet freedom.
The U.S. role in UNESCO has become complicated following the withdrawal of U.S. funding to UNESCO as a consequence of UNESCO's admission of Palestine (by a vote of 107-14, with 52 abstentions) as a member of UNESCO, on October 31, 2011. Ambassador Killion delivered a statement on behalf of the United States expressing "regret" and calling the UNESCO decision "premature"; nevertheless, Ambassador Killion pledged that the United States would "continue our efforts to find ways to support and strengthen the important work of this vital organization."
Ambassador Killion has been an enthusiastic supporter of UNESCO's work in anti-homophobic bullying and Open Educational Resources. Responding to the release of a UNESCO report on homophobic bullying worldwide, he called UNESCO "an essential partner for the United States in the struggle to ensure respect and equality for LGBT persons everywhere." Killion has also championed the potential of Open Educational Resources to transform global education, and, in June 2012, he led the U.S. delegation to the UNESCO-sponsored World Open Educational Resources Congress.
Ambassador Killion successfully recruited prominent Americans such as Forest Whitaker and Herbie Hancock to be UNESCO Goodwill Ambassadors and has worked to support their work in peace building and jazz diplomacy. He also facilitated Marcus Miller's nomination as UNESCO Artist for Peace and Spokesperson for the Slave Route Project, including by hosting his Inducation Ceremony.
In July 2012, Ambassador Killion issued a statement expressing U.S. opposition to UNESCO's decision to award the UNESCO-Equatorial Guinea International Prize for Research in the Life Sciences, which was controversially endowed by Equatorial Guinea. UNESCO's Director-General, Irina Bokova, joined Ambassador Killion in opposing the award; the U.S. considers Equatorial Guinea under President Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo to be a dictatorship with an egregious record of human rights violations.
Ambassador Killion is credited with brokering, in cooperation with Russia and Israel, a breakthrough agreement on cultural heritage in the Middle East in April 2013. Killion called the deal between Israel and the Palestinians “a critical step forward toward depoliticizing UNESCO, and signals a major shift toward a more constructive approach to cultural heritage issues.” Killion’s ongoing efforts to defend Israel from attack at UNESCO earned him praise from B'nai B'rith, which described Killion’s tenure as being “marked by a series of very important accomplishments” and called him “an extraordinary diplomat and public servant—a man not only of commitment, but of skill and, no less important, of principle.”
When the United States was automatically stripped of its voting rights at UNESCO in November 2013, two years after cutting funding to the organization, Ambassador Killion noted that the United States had been involved in UNESCO since it was founded in 1945 and promised that it would remain involved.
In an interview with CNN's Zain Verjee, Ambassador Killion called the loss of the vote a “handicap”, adding that, “in today’s globalized world, all emerging powers or great powers are fighting for influence at UNESCO.”
Senate Staff Director for U.S. Helsinki Commission.
On 10 April 2014, U.S. Senators Ben Cardin (D-Md.) and Roger Wicker (R-Miss.) announced Ambassador Killion's joint appointment as the Senate Staff Director for the U.S. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (U.S. Helsinki Commission). 

</doc>
<doc id="36544505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544505" title="Premios Tu Mundo (2012)">
Premios Tu Mundo (2012)

Premios tu mundo 2012 is produced by Telemundo, and was broadcast live on August 30, 2012. It was hosted by Gaby Espino and Rafael Amaya. Voting for nominees started on July 25, and ended on August 17, 2012. The awards show averaged 1.68 million viewers. Due to its success, a second edition of "Premios Tu Mundo" will be broadcast live on August 15, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36544507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544507" title="Paddock Wood Brewing Company">
Paddock Wood Brewing Company

Paddock Wood Brewing Co. is a brewery in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.
History.
Paddock Wood was founded in 1995 as a mail order brewing supply business providing grain, yeast and other brewing supplies to the homebrewing market. In 2000 the business expanded to include brewing kits made in house to which customers would add yeast and complete the fermentation process at home.
In 2004 Paddock Wood Brewing Co entered into negotiations with the provincial regulatory body, the Saskatchewan Liquor and Gaming Authority, in an attempt to change a standing policy that restricted the licensing of microbreweries to premises where the beer was also consumed. In the same year the province changed the regulation allowing Paddock Wood Brewing Co to transition from a supplies business to a licensed microbrewery.
Production and distribution.
During 2011 Paddock Wood produced approximately 3,000 hectolitres of beer, equivalent to 500,000 bottles, an increase of 2650 hectolitres over 2007. CEO Steve Cavan has stated that the brewery attempts to adhere as closely to the German purity law for beer production as possible; Paddock Wood does not use rice, corn or added chemicals.
Paddock Wood ships draught beer and bottled products to restaurants and stores throughout Saskatchewan, Alberta, British Columbia and Ontario.
The Woods Alehouse.
Paddock Wood acquired a space and permits for a tap house in down town Saskatoon, Saskatchewan slated to open in the fall of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36544509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544509" title="Michael Warren Schwartz">
Michael Warren Schwartz

Dr. Michael Warren Schwartz is Robert H. Williams Endowed Chair, Professor of Medicine in the Division of Metabolism, Endocrinology and Nutrition at the University of Washington and Director of the UW Medicine Diabetes and Obesity Center of Excellence. He is the Director of the NIH-funded Nutrition Obesity Research Center (NORC) at the University of Washington. His research investigates brain mechanisms governing energy balance and glucose metabolism and how obesity and diabetes result from impairment of these brain systems. He has published more than 200 articles and book chapters related to these topics and his research has been continuously funded by the NIH since joining the faculty of UW 18 years ago. Dr. Schwartz is a member of the Association of American Physicians, the Western Association of Physicians, and the American Society for Clinical Investigation, is the recipient of the 2007 Williams-Rachmiel Levine Award for Outstanding Mentorship from the Western Society for Clinical Investigation, the 2006 Naomi Berrie Award for Outstanding Achievement in Diabetes Research from Columbia University, and was the 2012 Solomon A. Berson Lecturer for the American Physiological Society, among other awards. He is a member of the editorial boards of the "Journal of Clinical Investigation", "American Journal of Physiology", "Endocrine Reviews", "Molecular Metabolism" and "Frontiers in Neuroendocrinology".

</doc>
<doc id="36544511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544511" title="Schinderhannes (disambiguation)">
Schinderhannes (disambiguation)

Schinderhannes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544526" title="Sugeno integral">
Sugeno integral

In mathematics, the Sugeno integral, named after M. Sugeno, is a type of integral with respect to a fuzzy measure.
Let formula_1 be a measurable space and let formula_2 be an formula_3-measurable function.
The Sugeno integral over the crisp set formula_4 of the function formula_5 with respect to the fuzzy measure formula_6 is defined by:
where formula_8.
The Sugeno integral over the fuzzy set formula_9 of the function formula_5 with respect to the fuzzy measure formula_6 is defined by:
where formula_13 is the membership function of the fuzzy set formula_9.

</doc>
<doc id="36544530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544530" title="Thomas Cary">
Thomas Cary

Thomas Cary may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544534" title="Ajit Varadaraj Pai">
Ajit Varadaraj Pai

Ajit Pai is a Commissioner at the FCC. He was nominated for a Republican Party position on the United States Federal Communications Commission (FCC) by President Barack Obama. He was confirmed unanimously by the United States Senate on May 7, 2012 and was sworn in on May 14, 2012 for a term that concludes on June 30, 2016.
Newsroom Survey Controversy.
Pai penned an op-ed that sparked the newsroom survey controversy of 2014.
Policy positions.
Pai’s stated goal is to create a regulatory environment in which competition and innovation will flourish. In testimony before the U.S. House of Representatives Energy and Commerce Committee’s Subcommittee on Communications and Technology on July 10, 2012, he warned about the dangers of regulatory uncertainty and the need for the FCC to keep pace with the dynamic communications sector. Pai also asserted that by reforming the way the Commission works, the agency can facilitate the provision of new and better services at lower prices for American consumers.
Pai gave his first major speech since taking office on July 18, 2012 at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. There, he discussed how the FCC can help promote economic growth and enhance job creation in the information and communications technology field by adhering to three basic principles: (1) the FCC should be as nimble as the industry it oversees; (2) the FCC should prioritize the removal of regulatory barriers to infrastructure investment; and (3) the FCC should accelerate its efforts to allocate additional spectrum for mobile broadband. Specifically, the Commissioner called for a reinvigoration of Section 7 of the Communications Act, which gives the Commission a one-year deadline to review proposals for new technologies and services. He introduced the idea of creating an IP Transition Task Force to expedite the country’s transition to all-IP networks and to ensure that new network infrastructure will not be subject to outdated, monopoly-era regulations. He urged the commission to settle the nine-year-old contributions reform proceeding for the Universal Service Fund by the end of the year. Finally, he advocated for completing the rules for the AWS-4 spectrum band by September 2012 and conducting the broadcast spectrum incentive auctions by June 30, 2014.
Career accomplishments.
Between 2007 and 2011, Pai held several positions in the FCC’s Office of General Counsel, serving most prominently as Deputy General Counsel. In this role, he had supervisory responsibility over several dozen lawyers in the Administrative Law Division and worked on a wide variety of regulatory and transactional matters involving the wireless, wireline, cable, Internet, media, and satellite industries.
Pai’s career outside of the FCC has spanned the private and public sectors. With respect to the private sector, Pai worked in the Washington, D.C. office of Jenner & Block LLP, where he was a Partner in the Communications Practice until being sworn in as a Commissioner. Years earlier, he served as Associate General Counsel at Verizon Communications Inc., where he handled competition matters, regulatory issues, and counseling of business units on broadband initiatives.
Pai also has served in all three branches of the federal government. After moving to Washington, DC in 1998, his first post was with the United States Department of Justice’s Antitrust Division as an Honors Program trial attorney on the Telecommunications Task Force. There, he worked on proposed mergers and acquisitions and on novel requests for regulatory relief following the enactment of the Telecommunications Act of 1996. He later returned to the Department of Justice to serve as Senior Counsel in the Office of Legal Policy. Pai has worked on Capitol Hill as well, first as Deputy Chief Counsel to the United States Senate Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Administrative Oversight and the Courts, and later as Chief Counsel to the Senate Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights, and Property Rights. Immediately following law school, he clerked for the Honorable Martin L.C. Feldman of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana.
In 2013, Pai was scheduled to appear as a featured speaker at the American Legislative Exchange Council Washington DC policy summit and at The LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender) Technology Partnership's fall policy forum.
Education.
Pai debated as an undergraduate. He earned a B.A. with honors from Harvard University in 1994 and a J.D. from the University of Chicago in 1997, where he was an editor of the University of Chicago Law Review and won the Thomas J. Mulroy Prize. In 2010, Pai was one of 55 individuals nationwide chosen for the 2011 Marshall Memorial Fellowship, a leadership development initiative of the German Marshall Fund of the United States.
Personal life.
The son of immigrants from India, Pai was born in Buffalo, New York and grew up in rural Parsons, Kansas. Both his parents were doctors in the county hospital there. He played the violin as a child. He now lives in Arlington, Virginia, with his children and wife, Janine - who teaches at George Washington University Medical School.

</doc>
<doc id="36544537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544537" title="Helena G. Wells">
Helena G. Wells

Agent Helena "H.G." Wells is a fictional character on the American television series "Warehouse 13", played by Jaime Murray. Agent Wells has been a recurring guest-character of the series playing the major antagonist of Season 2 and appearing alongside Agents Myka Bering and Pete Lattimer. Portrayed as having a genius-level intellect and a methodical nature, she is an inventor and author and a former agent of Warehouses 12 and 13.
Character background.
In the season 3 episode "Stand", it is revealed that Wells joins Warehouse 12 in the year 1889. It is depicted in "Stand" and "Vendetta" that Helena begins her work as an agent from that time and continues up until sometime after 1899.
As an Agent of Warehouse 12 it is made clear that she dislikes the use of conventional firearms. When she brings the matter to her mentor and boss Chaturanga, he gives her a gun that stuns the victim with electricity. She likely used it as a base model for the Tesla (the primary firearm used by Agents of Warehouse 13) that she created with Nikola Tesla in 1893.
After the loss of her daughter Christina, who was killed in a robbery while vacationing with cousins in Paris, Helena becomes obsessed with finding a way to turn back time and save her. This leads to the invention of the "H.G. Wells' Time Machine". Helena's time machine in Warehouse 13 differs from the machine described in the novel "The Time Machine" by H.G. Wells in that the device she presents is not a vehicle. Instead, it transports consciousness to a directed target across time.
After several failed attempts to save her daughter's life Helena eventually realizes she is unable to change events from the past, and after murdering the men who killed her daughter, she continues to behave recklessly until she eventually inadvertently causes the death of a fellow agent. This event shocks her into the realization that she has become a danger, and she chooses to be bronzed to prevent any further damage. Bronzing is a form of punishment the Warehouse utilizes after conventional imprisonment has failed or is not an option. The subject is cast in bronze in a special machine, and thereafter remains conscious, but in a state that resembles cryogenic sleep where the aging process is stopped. She remains bronzed until set free by Leena on the order of James MacPherson in the season finale of season 1.
Character arc.
Awakened from bronzing in the season 1 finale by Leena, Wells is taken away from the Warehouse by MacPherson. She later kills him during the Season 2 premiere episode "Time Will Tell". Throughout Season 2 Helena attempts to be reinstated at the Warehouse as an agent and enlists the aid of Myka Bering as an advocate for her cause. She is eventually reinstated in "Vendetta", but in "Buried" it is clear the ulterior motive for being reinstated is to destroy the world by inducing an extinction event through use of a stolen artifact. Planning to trigger a massive earthquake with the Minoan Trident in Yellowstone, she later fails to follow through when Myka Bering convinces her to stop by forcing her to have to shoot Myka if she wishes to carry out her plan. She voluntarily gives herself up for arrest following the confrontation and is taken away.
During her incarceration in Season 3, Helena has no corporeal body, and is instead a holographic image. Her consciousness is projected by an artifact allowing her to converse while preventing any physical interaction. While in this state she persuades Myka to return to work at the Warehouse in the premiere "The New Guy", and is not seen again until she is brought in for consultation on a case she unsuccessfully worked in 1893 as shown in "3...2...1..."
In the finale episodes of Season 3, "Emily Lake" and "Stand", the main antagonist for the season, Walter Sykes, pursues finding Helena's physical form as well as her consciousness in order to reconstitute them. Myka Bering and Pete Lattimer find Helena's physical body in the personage of Ms. Emily Hannah Lake – a high school literature teacher living in Cheyenne, Wyoming. They later discover Helena's consciousness was separated from her physical body by using the Janus Coin artifact. They are unable to save her from being abducted by Marcus Diamond and their under-cover Warehouse agent Steve Jinks who deliver her to Sykes. Sykes reintegrates Helena's body and mind before taking her to China where he forces her to help him open a portal directly into Warehouse 13. She complies only to save Myka Bering's life after an unsuccessful attempt to save Tyler Struhl. Shortly afterward, Helena chooses to sacrifice her life in order to save the lives of her fellow agents from an explosion that obliterates the warehouse.
In the Season 4 premiere Artie Nielsen uses an artifact to turn back time 24 hours, and successfully finds a way to defuse the bomb that would destroy the Warehouse. Since he is successful in saving the Warehouse, Helena's death, her tragic hero's redemptive act of self-sacrifice, never happened. Artie later successfully advocates on Helena's behalf to keep her from being re-incarcerated. Helena becomes aware of this alternate timeline in "Second Chance", after she deduces, in the previous episode ("Endless Wonder"), that Artie used a time travel artifact to save the Warehouse. Also in this episode, Mrs. Frederic tells her to take the astrolabe and hide it where no one can find it.
In the season 4 episode, "Instinct", Helena is shown working as a forensic scientist for the Wisconsin police. She is also living, and romantically involved, with a man named Nate. Nate has an eight year old daughter named Adelaide, to whom Helena has taught Kenpo as well as deductive reasoning. When Myka confronts Helena and states her belief that Helena is running away from who she is by holding onto the surrogate daughter she has found in Adelaide, Helena becomes incensed and asks her to leave. Later, however, the two women reaffirm their bond and part ways on good terms.
Skills and abilities.
Helena's character was created within the series to have a remarkably tuned quality of deductive reasoning, extremely calm focus, and extraordinary attention to detail. Within the "Warehouse 13" universe this allows her character to be portrayed as a science-fiction type of Sherlock Holmes.
The Helena character is given an expertise in the martial art of Kenpo which she displays in multiple episodes throughout Seasons 2 and 3. She is also shown to be an accomplished author and inventor. Some of her many inventions include the Imperceptor Vest (allows faster-than-humanly-detectable movement) and Cavorite (a fictitious metal with anti-gravity effects, as described in the real H.G. Wells story "The First Men in the Moon") - both of which are depicted in "Time Will Tell". Another invention displayed in the show is a grappler gun, shown in episodes "For the Team", "Buried" and "The 40th Floor"; and a time machine as seen in "Where and When", which allows the transference of consciousness to the minds of targeted individuals at a specific date and time. It is implied the character has a fluency in languages as she depicts a fluent grasp of French and a recognition of Demotic Egyptian upon hearing it spoken per "Buried". In the same episode, Wells says she "considers the study of dead languages to be a hobby".
In the episode "Instinct", Helena is shown to be employed as a forensic scientist for a police station in Wisconsin.
Relationships.
Helena had three professional relationships from her days at Warehouse 12, with her partner Agent Wolcott, fellow-agent McShane, and her teacher Caturanga – as depicted in "3...2...1..." and "Stand". Her professional relationships from her dealings at the current Warehouse are depicted throughout Seasons 2, 3, and 4 and are with Artie Nielsen who serves mostly as her chief detractor until the Season 4 premiere, Claudia Donovan who serves as a mentee, Pete Lattimer a fellow-agent with whom she has some difficulties, and Myka Bering who is her fellow-agent, friend, and a romantic interest of sorts.
Romantic interests.
Myka Bering.
While never explicitly shown or stated on the show itself, Joanne Kelly addressed the "Warehouse 13" panel discussion's audience at the 2012 San Diego Comic-Con to assert "Myka will always love H.G.", and reiterated the romantic attraction between her character and Jaime Murray's in a later interview that same day by saying of the characters "we're in love". In the same interview she clarifies her statement by making the sexual undertones of their love for each other definitive.
Nate.
In the season 4 episode, "Instinct", Helena is shown to be part of a new family. She lives with a man named Nate and Adelaide, his 8-year old daughter - to whom Helena has taught the arts of deductive reasoning as well as Kenpo. Helena indicates this new family life is her way of trying to fit into the world again, to find normalcy, away from the Warehouse and the world of the artifacts.
Helena G. Wells versus the real-life H.G. Wells.
The season 2 episode "Time Will Tell" and season 3 episode "Emily Lake" establish the birth-year, birthplace, and later residence of Helena G. Wells to be the same as her real-world counterpart H.G. Wells who was born c.1866, was from Bromley, Kent, and later lived in London, England.
It is unclear how much of the biographical information available on the historical H.G. Wells would apply to Helena due to her claim that her brother, Charles, is the person history remembers by her name.
Episode appearances.
Season 2 (2010)
Season 3 (2011)
Season 4 (2012-2013)
Critical reception.
Jaime Murray's portrayal of Helena G. Wells received critical praise. Her portrayal is described as "saucy", "superb", as able to "anchor a series", "endlessly fascinating", and her absence as the villain in the Season 3 Christmas episode "The Greatest Gift" was bemoaned with the lamentation "she would have done it better". Jaime Murray was nominated for a 2012 Portal Award for her portrayal of Helena G. Wells on "Warehouse 13".

</doc>
<doc id="36544543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544543" title="Marton, Shropshire">
Marton, Shropshire

Marton is a small village in Shropshire, England.
It forms part of the civil parish of Chirbury with Brompton and Marton is a parish ward within that parish, returning 3 councillors.
The B4386 road (which runs between Montgomery and Shrewsbury) passes through the village. The border with Powys is close by.
There are two public houses in the Marton area: the Lowfield Inn (outside the village towards Shrewsbury) and the Sun Inn (within the village). Opposite the Sun Inn is a convenience store. There is an Anglican church dedicated to St Mark and also nonconformist chapel built in 1829 as 'Independent' (later known as Congregationalist). By the chapel is the village hall.
Marton Pool is a body of water near the village which is the source of the Rea Brook. It is a Site of Special Scientific Interest. The village's name derives from "mere" + "ton".
Notable clergyman Thomas Bray was born in Marton.

</doc>
<doc id="36544555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544555" title="Iris lutescens">
Iris lutescens

Iris lutescens (Crimean iris) is a rhizomatous flowering plant in the genus "Iris". It is native to Spain, France and Italy, and is cultivated as an ornamental plant in temperate regions. It grows to 30cm, with broad leaves, producing yellow or violet flowers in spring. It prefers dry conditions during its dormant period in the summer.
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="36544565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544565" title="Pieter Badenhorst">
Pieter Badenhorst

Pieter Badenhorst is a paralympic athlete from South Africa competing mainly in category T46 sprint events.
Pieter competed in three paralympics starting with the 1992 Summer Paralympics and continuing through the 1996 and 2000 games. The 1992 games proved successful in that as well as competing in the triple jump he won a gold medal in the 400m and it took a world record from Poland's Jerzy Szelezak to deny him a second gold in the 200m. Pieter's other two games appearances were not as successful as he won no further medals despite competing in the 100m, 200m and long jump in 1996 and the 100m and 200m in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36544570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544570" title="Altekruse Puzzle">
Altekruse Puzzle

Altekruse Puzzle is a puzzle invented by Austrian inventor William Altekruse.
History.
The puzzle was first released in 1890 and has proved to be very popular ever since.
Excerpts.
The Universal Book of Mathematics provides the following information about Altekruse puzzle:
"A symmetrical 12-piece burr puzzlefor which a patent was granted to William Altekruse in 1890. The Altekruse family is of Austrian-German origin and, curiously, the name means “old cross” in German, which has led some authors to incorrectly assume that it was a pseudonym. William Altekruse came to the United States as a young man in 1844 with his three brothers to escape being drafted into the German army. The Altekruse puzzle has an unusual mechanical action in the first step of disassembly by which two halves move in opposition to each other, unlike the more familiar burr types that have a key piece or pieces. Depending on how it is assembled, this action can take place along one, two, or all three axes independently but not simultaneously."

</doc>
<doc id="36544575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544575" title="Neil Louw">
Neil Louw

Neil Louw is a paralympic athlete from South Africa competing mainly in category TS4 sprint events.
Neil was part of the South African Paralympic team that travelled to Barcelona for the 1992 Summer Paralympics, there he competed in the 100m, 200m and 400m finishing with bronze medals in both the 200m and 400m.

</doc>
<doc id="36544584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544584" title="Ernesto Garrido">
Ernesto Garrido

Ernesto Garrido is a paralympic swimmer from Cuba competing mainly in category S10 events.
Ernesto competed in three paralympics, in his first games in 1992 though he was entered in the athletics shot putt and discus he didn't compete in them and instead competed in the pool. He competed in the 100m freestyle, winning his heat but only managing fourth in the final, the 50m freestyle where he again won his heat but was beaten in the final by Italian Gianluca Saini who set a new world record, the 200m medley finishing last in the final and the 400m freestyle where despite setting a world record in the heat and swimming faster in the final still ended up fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="36544608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544608" title="Squalodontidae">
Squalodontidae

Squalodontidae is an extinct family of toothed whales named by Jean-Pierre Sylvestre de Grateloup in 1840. It was originally believed to be an iguanodontid dinosaur but has since been reclassified. 
Squalodontidae is derived from the word "Squalodon", literally meaning "shark tooth". Unlike other whales which have peg-like teeth, those of squalodontids were serrated like a sharks. 

</doc>
<doc id="36544615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544615" title="Abdal of Turkey">
Abdal of Turkey

The Abdal are a socio-cultural group found mainly in central and western Anatolia, who follow an itinerant lifestyle. This lifestyle is closely connected with the activity of music making at weddings. Other occupations associated with the Abdal include tinning, basket making and sieve manufacture. They do not seem to be related with the Abdal of South Asia. The Kurds often refer to the Abdal as Gawanda.
Origin.
The three most remarkable characteristics of the group are its close relationship with the Alevi sect, its use of a secret language or argot and its wide distribution. It seems that the name Abdal was associated with Alevi dervishes of Central Anatolia, whose existence is first recorded in the 16th Century. These "Abdalan-ı Rum" were extreme Alevis practicising celibacy and withdrawal from the world. Their unorthodox behavior led to their suppression by the Ottoman authorities. At least some of the present day Abdals are descended from these groups. The Abdal language consists of borrowing from Persian and other Iranian sources, some Kurdish and Romany with an essentially Turkish grammar. A possible connection with the Romani people is seen by the facts two of their subdivisions are the Gurbet and Kara Domen, signifying possible links with the Gurbati of Iran and the Dom of the Arab Middle East. According to the Abdal themselves, they came from originally from Khorasan in Iran, and are a tribe of Turkmen.
In south western Turkey, the Abdal play a particular role as musicians, minstrels, jewelers and magicians to the nomadic Barak Turkmen, as a dependent group. Abdal encampments are found at the edges of the Turkmen camps. A similar relationship also exists with certain Kurdish tribes. In the area north of Ankara, many Abdal are sedentary, but associated with certain socially demeaning activities as circumcision and barbering.

</doc>
<doc id="36544624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544624" title="Filipino records in Olympic weightlifting">
Filipino records in Olympic weightlifting

The following are the national records in Olympic weightlifting in Philippines. Records are maintained in each weight class for the snatch lift, clean and jerk lift, and the total for both lifts by the Philippine Weightlifting Association.

</doc>
<doc id="36544626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544626" title="Iris magnifica">
Iris magnifica

Iris magnifica is a bulbous flowering plant in the genus "Iris", native to the mountains of Central Asia. It is cultivated as an ornamental plant in temperate regions – growing to (less in poor soils), and producing pale lilac and white flowers in spring.
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="36544629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544629" title="Tennessee State Route 119">
Tennessee State Route 119

State Route 119 is a short north–south highway in Henry County. The road begins in Paris Landing State Park and ends at the TN/KY state line. The current length is .
Route description.
The highway begins at an intersection with U.S. 79/SR-76 near Paris Landing State Park. It travels northward, closely paralleling the Tennessee River until it becomes Kentucky Route 121 at the TN/KY state line. 

</doc>
<doc id="36544648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544648" title="Goose With Pepper">
Goose With Pepper

Goose With Pepper is a radio drama by Frederick Bradnum. The play was originally written for BBC Radio 4, airing on 17 September 1972. The BBC said of it "Mr Bradnum's new play has that astonishing ease and easy depth that come with maturity; technique is undetectable; humanity, occasionally in the past veiled by self-consciousness, shines through, clear and warm." In August 1975 the play was dramatised for the theatre by David Ambrose.
In 1975 it was also adapted into a TV movie by Ambrose and Troy Kennedy-Martin and directed by John Jacobs. It starred Kenneth More, Nigel Davenport and Maria Aitken. The British Film Institute summarizes the plot as "the peaceful rural life of a retired Brigadier is shattered by the arrival of the Company Sergeant-Major on his doorstep."

</doc>
<doc id="36544652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544652" title="Gospel of Josephus">
Gospel of Josephus

The Gospel of Josephus was a modern pseudepigraph created by Luigi Moccia to raise publicity for a novel Moccia had written. The manuscript was written by Moccia in Greek, but was proven to be a hoax based on the modernity of the language and the form of the manuscript (loose sheets written on one side only). The Gospel is attributed to Flavius Josephus, a Jewish historian of the first century CE. The gospel was created in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="36544653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544653" title="Souanké Airport">
Souanké Airport

Souanké Airport is an airport serving the city of Souanké, Republic of the Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="36544671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544671" title="CLSM">
CLSM

CLSM can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544689" title="List of Egyptian records in swimming">
List of Egyptian records in swimming

The Egyptian Records in Swimming are the fastest times ever swum by a swimmer representing Egypt. These records are kept/maintained by the Egyptian Swimming Federation.
Records are recognized for males and females in the following long course (50m) and short course (25m) events:
All records were set in finals unless noted otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="36544693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544693" title="Alois Hyčka">
Alois Hyčka

Alois Hyčka (born 22 July 1990 in Cheb) is a Czech football player who currently plays for FC Zbrojovka Brno.

</doc>
<doc id="36544700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544700" title="Eslam Qaleh">
Eslam Qaleh

Eslam Qaleh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544704" title="Gibraltar Aerobeacon">
Gibraltar Aerobeacon

The Gibraltar Aerobeacon built in 1841 is one of several lighthouses in Gibraltar, the British Overseas Territory at the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula. It is also known as the Gibraltar Aviation Light and Gibraltar Aero Light. The active beacon is positioned atop the Rock of Gibraltar and is operated by the Government of Gibraltar.
History.
While "The Lighthouse Directory" suggests that the Gibraltar Aerobeacon does not strictly meet its criteria for a lighthouse, the publishers of the directory indicate that the light merits an exception. In "Publication 113", it is referred to as the Gibraltar Aviation Light; in "The Online List of Lights", it is referred to as the Gibraltar Aero Light. The light by all three names has the same Admiralty number "(see infobox)". 
The Gibraltar Aerobeacon "(pictured in link below)" is positioned on top of the Rock of Gibraltar. The Rock is approximately in length. About six furlongs () to the south of the north end of the Rock is the signal station at . The 1911 Classic Encyclopedia indicated that, at the station, "the names and messages of passing ships are cabled to all parts of the world." The map of Gibraltar reveals Signal Hill close to the end of the cable car line, at . 
The Gibraltar Aerobeacon is a square, skeletal tower which features a large gallery platform on which there is a round radar apparatus. The light characteristic is remarkable for a red light which flashes the Morse Code for Gibraltar. It consists of two long flashes and a short flash, after which there is a long flash and three short flashes. The code for Gibraltar is emitted every ten seconds. The range is 30 nautical miles (55 kilometres or 34.5 miles). The active beacon has a focal plane (or focal height) of 405 metres (1329 feet). 
The site and the light tower are closed to the public. The Gibraltar Aerobeacon is operated by the Government of Gibraltar. The United Kingdom Hydrographic Office "Admiralty List of Lights and Fog Signals" number is D 2456. The United States National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA), formerly the National Imagery and Mapping Agency (NIMA), number is 4256.

</doc>
<doc id="36544709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544709" title="Strange World (Ké song)">
Strange World (Ké song)

"Strange World" is a song by American recording artist Ké and the lead single from his debut album "I am [ ]". It was produced by Rick Neigher and Ké and written by Ké and Michael Prendergast. The song was released in 1995 by RCA Records and became a smash hit in Europe that year, topping the airplay charts in countries such as Italy and Germany. A dance remix of the track by Junior Vasquez topped the "Billboard" Dance/Club Play chart in 1996. The single sold around 3 million copies worldwide. Also, the Finnish love metal band HIM released a cover of this song for their compilation album "XX - Two Decades of Love Metal".
HIM's cover.
In 2012, the Finnish band HIM covered "Strange World" for their second compilation album, "XX - Two Decades of Love Metal." It is the only previously unreleased track on this album. It was released as a single and has a music video.
Track listing.
1. Strange World - 4:10

</doc>
<doc id="36544719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544719" title="Smite (video game)">
Smite (video game)

Smite (stylized as SMITE) is a third person multiplayer online battle arena video game developed and published by Hi-Rez Studios for Microsoft Windows. In "Smite", players take on the visage of a mythological god and take part in arena combat, using powers and team tactics against other player-controlled gods and non-player controlled minions.
Gameplay.
General.
Players are formed into two teams, with three or five players to each team. All players begin at opposing sides of a map at their team's 'fountain'. Before the players enter their respective lanes, they are granted 1,500 gold to buy starting items. These items consists of special abilities that enhance their gods. There are three continuous 'lanes' running from one side of the map to the other. Each lane is defended by a 'Phoenix' which is accompanied by a pair of extra defensive towers. Phoenixes and towers deal a large amount of damage to any enemies that come too close. The players are also accompanied by 'minions', these minions spawn at the Phoenixes every thirty seconds and run along their lane until they meet opposition and attack immediately. Minions will not only attack players and other minions but towers, Phoenixes and the Titan. Defensive positions will prioritize enemy minions over players, allowing players to attack a tower without receiving damage. Once nearby minions die the tower will fire upon the enemy player. If a game is going badly for a certain team then they can decide to surrender, though this requires a majority of the team (4 to 1) to agree.
Players have to choose a god to play, this is akin to champions in League of Legends or heroes in Heroes of Newerth and DotA. Currently players can choose between 55 gods from seven different pantheons, Chinese, Egyptian, Greek, Hindu, Roman, Mayan and Norse mythology. Two players on the same team cannot choose the same god (with the exception of specialty matches which rotate daily), although they are free to choose gods from the same mythology. The player controls their god in a third person perspective, which is a unique characteristic of this multiplayer online battle arena game, as other games of this genre are typically played from a top-down perspective. Each god has a basic attack and four spells with varying effects, such as area of effect damage, crowd control, buffs and many more. These spells are acquired and upgraded when a player's god levels up by gaining experience from being in range of creeps when they are killed, taking down towers or phoenixes and killing enemy players. The maximum level is 20 and each successive level is harder to reach. Gold, which is used to buy equipment that increase power, defense, and passive effects, potions, wards and abilities, is accumulated through standard periodic income, by gaining experience, or by selling owned items.
The large areas between the lanes make up what is called the 'jungle', where computer-controlled monsters periodically spawn at specific locations distributed symmetrically across the map. Killing certain monsters in said jungle causes a 'buff' to drop on the ground, where it can be picked up by a player. This buff grants the player one of the following buffs for a limited time, depending on which monster was killed: mana (mana regen & cooldown reduction bonus), damage (basic damage & power bonus), or speed (attack & movement speed bonus). There are two special neutral monsters who spawn less frequently, the Fire Giant and the Gold Fury. When killed, they grant the entire team who killed it a powerful damage buff for a medium length of time or a set amount of Gold, respectively. There also exist monsters which do not offer a buff, only experience and gold.
Game modes.
There are several game types separated in five main groups:
Practice which contains the main tutorial, solo/co-op versions of Joust, Arena, Conquest Map Roam, Assault, and 4v4 Siege BETA, along with a practice exclusive, Jungle Practice, that allows players to test characters and builds. Co-Op contains cooperative versions of Joust (3vs3), Arena, and Assault. Normal contains Arena, Conquest, Assault, Joust(3vs3)and 4v4 Siege BETA, Match of the Day and Conquest Premade. League has the League versions Conquest Joust (1vs1). Custom contains the Challenge versions of Arena, Conquest, Assault, Joust, Domination and the new 4v4 Siege BETA.
Conquest is the main mode of the game, featuring a regular 3 lane MOBA style map. Currently, arranged teams (or parties) are limited to three players total in normal matchmaking. The match manager will try to give the opposing team better solo players if there are teamed players together on a side. Conquest Pre-Made is a variant of the regular version. As the name suggests, you can only enter this mode once you have a pre-made team of five players. This mode is more of a challenge than the others because teams will usually have some sort of VoIP software such as TeamSpeak. There is also a League (ranked) Conquest mode, and it only allows solo players. It is considered to be the toughest and most competitive of the modes, and is advised only for those well experienced at the game.
Arena is played 5 versus 5 with minions and side-objectives including buff camps and Gryphon Guardians. But rather than a single end objective, in Arena your team earns points for killing enemy players and minions with the first team to deduct 500 points from their opponents being crowned the winner. There is also an alternate version called "Arena Escort", with a completely different look and slightly different layout where besides the regular objectives there is also a new one: Escorting the Siege Tower, a special minion that spawns after a team scores 10 kills. If the Siege Tower reaches the enemy portal they'll lose 15 points. There is also a competitive League Arena mode for Solo players.
In the Joust mode there is only one lane with one tower and a phoenix on each side and you are grouped up with 2 allies against 3 other players. There is also a League Joust mode, and it only allows solo players, who must fight 1vs1.
Assault is a game mode that is based on the ARAM (All Random All Mid) custom match mode from other MoBA titles. Each player is assigned a random god and they are all taking charge in one lane with the inability to recall back to base, so the only way to buy items from the shop, is to die. The objective is similar to that of Conquest, destroy the enemy team's 2 towers, Phoenix and their Titan.
Siege is a game mode recently added currently in Beta phase, somewhat similar to Conquest with two lanes, two towers and a Phoenix per lane and a Titan plus a jungle in between the lanes. But unlike Conquest, there is less emphasis in gathering gold/experience to become stronger and more in taking down enemy objectives as soon as possible. To do this there is a special super minion called Siege Juggernaut, which is more resistant, twice as fast than regular minions and also deals bonus damage to structures. To spawn one, a team needs to fill a counter of 100 points by either killing enemy players (+5 points each), killing enemy minions (+1 each) or clearing neutral camps (+9 each). Once spawned, the Siege Juggernaut will constantly move forward, attacking any enemy units in its path while prioritizing structures. In this mode there is also a special neutral monster, the Juggernaut, which if slain will instantly spawn a friendly Siege Juggernaut, even if there is already one on the map.
There are also specialty matches which are on a daily rotation. These matches are called the "Match of the Day" and are abbreviated as MotD. These matches are played on a variety of maps with various rules changes in regards to God selection or the in-match item shop. For example, "Battle of the Beards" allows players to only select from Gods with beards. "The Perfect Storm" allows players to choose from Zeus, Thor and Ao Kuang using lightning, thunder and wind; this is an example of a match type in which there can be multiple of the same God on one team. It also hosts an old, removed mode called Domination, where two teams of five players fight for the control of Three Obelisks distributed in three lanes. Each side has a Counter of 400 tickets. Controlling two or more obelisks reduces the enemy's counter. Much like in Arena, the objective is to reduce the enemy tickets to zero.
Matchmaking.
The matchmaking system uses a modified version of TrueSkill ranking system. Around December 2013, there was a feature added that allowed players to choose between US and EU servers, but was later removed from the game due to issues with the matchmaking system. The region lock feature was eventually re-added. Most modes operate on queues with 3-minute match-making timers. Every three minutes, matches will be made from the group of people in queue at that time. This helps optimize match-making.
Hindu god controversy.
In June 2012, some Hindu leaders became upset at the inclusion of several Hindu gods in "Smite" and the fact that they are player controlled. The deities that were in question were Kali, Agni, and Vamana, and there was particular opposition to how Kali was dressed. Rajan Zed, the president of Universal Society of Hindus, released a statement urging Hi-Rez to remove these gods from the game, claiming their presence is trivialized and in other words, offensive to the devoted. Since players control the gods, this is seen as offensive to the faithful.
In response Todd Harris, CEO of Hi-Rez, had this to say:
Despite the response from Hi-Rez, in early July 2012, the Hindu leader who spoke out against the game had not given up on his quest to rid "Smite" of Hindu deities, and since his initial statement he has gained new backers from other faiths that have come together in support of his stance that the game's content is offensive. Rajin Zed was joined by Rabbi ElizaBeth Beyer and Buddhist Jikai’ Phil Bryan in condemning the game's content as offensive. These leaders have labelled the old Kali model as being depicted in a "pornographic style" which appeared to be their main concern. The Kali character went under a major art and gameplay overhaul in December 2013, which included more concealing armour.
Partnerships.
On August 21, 2013, Hi-Rez Studios partnered themselves with Tencent Holdings Ltd, the company known for making League of Legends explode in popularity within China.
Reception.
"Smite" received generally favorable reviews from critics. The game currently holds a score of 84 out of 100 on Metacritic and 87.62% on GameRankings, based on a dozen reviews by all major video game critics.

</doc>
<doc id="36544720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544720" title="Eslam Qaleh, Sarakhs">
Eslam Qaleh, Sarakhs

Eslam Qaleh (, also Romanized as Eslām Qal‘eh; also known as Kāfer Qal‘eh) is a village in Khangiran Rural District, in the Central District of Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 665, in 156 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36544723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544723" title="Zanaga Airport">
Zanaga Airport

Zanaga Airport is an airport serving the city of Zanaga, Republic of the Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="36544756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544756" title="October 1912">
October 1912

January - February - March - April - May - June - July - August - September - October - November - December
The following events occurred in October 1912:

</doc>
<doc id="36544762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544762" title="Stan Little">
Stan Little

Stanley "Stan" Little (1911 – May 15, 2000) was the founding National President of the Canadian Union of Public Employees from 1963 to 1975. He was also the President of the National Union of Public Service Employees from 1961 to 1963.
In his early years, Little worked in a factory, a supermarket, and hydro. He first became involved in the labour movement in 1931, initially as part of Local One of the National Union of Public Service Employees (NUPSE) in Toronto, and later as part of Local Eight in York. In 1951, he was hired as a full-time union representative by the NUPSE. Little was elected as the President of the union in 1961.
With the ultimate goal of having one big union in the Canadian public sector, Little successfully negotiated a merger with the National Union of Public Employees (NUPE). This led to the founding of the Canadian Union of Public Employees (CUPE) on September 24, 1963. Little was elected National President at CUPE's first national convention alongside Robert Rintoul, the former director of the NUPE, who was elected National Secretary-Treasurer. The new union started with 78,000 members coming from 483 locals. Within five years, CUPE's membership had increased to over 115,000, and by the time Little resigned as President, it was over 210,000, making it the largest union in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="36544763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544763" title="The Seal of the Blue Lotus">
The Seal of the Blue Lotus

The Seal of the Blue Lotus is the debut album of composer Robbie Basho, released in 1965 through Takoma Records.
Release and reception.
Skip Jansen, of Allmusic, favorably compared Basho's Eastern-influenced musical approach to that of John Fahey and noted the influence of Ravi Shankar. Jansen gave the album four out of five stars, concluding that it is "An essential document for folk guitar fans." 
In 1996, Takoma Records issued "The Seal of the Blue Lotus" for the first time on Compact Disc, with an alternate cover. The album has again been re-issued by 4 Men With Beards on 180 gram vinyl

</doc>
<doc id="36544764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544764" title="Samuel Rolle (1669–1735)">
Samuel Rolle (1669–1735)

Samuel Rolle (1669-1735) of Hudscott, Chittlehampton, Devon, was MP for Barnstaple between 1705 to 1708. He was a member of a cadet branch of the influential Rolle family of Stevenstone.
Origins.
He was the son of Dennis Rolle (d.1671) of Great Torrington, a lawyer of the Inner Temple, son of Sir Samuel Rolle (d.1647), MP, one of three distinguished grandsons (his brothers were Henry Rolle (d.1656) Chief Justice of the King's Bench & John Rolle (d.1648), MP) of Henry Rolle of Heanton Satchville, Petrockstowe, 4th son of the founder of the Devonshire Rolles, George Rolle (d.1552), MP, of Stevenstone. His elder brother was Robert Rolle (d.1660), MP, whose wife was Lady Arabella Clinton, co-heiress to the ancient Barony of Clinton.
Education.
He entered Exeter College, Oxford on 16 July 1687 and obtained the degree of BA in 1691. He trained as a lawyer in the Middle Temple which he entered in 1689 and was called to the bar in 1697.
Marriage.
He married Dorothy Lovering (d.1735), daughter and co-heiress of John Lovering of Hudscott, Chittlehampton, a merchant of Barnstaple, Devon.
The marriage settlement is recorded as follows:
"Indenture dated 27 April 1700, between Samuel Rolle, of the Middle Temple, London, Esq., of one part; Dorothy Lovering, eldest daughter and one of the coheirs of John Lovering, late of Hudscott, Co. Devon, Esq., 2nd part; Rt. Hon. Hugh Boscawen, of Tregothnan ; Samuel Rolle, of Heanton, Esq. "(his first cousin Col. Samuel Rolle (1646-1719), MP, son of Robert Rolle of Heanton Satchville, Petrockstowe by his wife Lady Arabella Clinton)"; Nicholas Hooper, of Inner Temple, Esq. ; Joseph Bailer, "(Venner?)" Barnstaple, gent. ; Richard Parmynter, Barnstaple, merchant ; and Thomas Nott, of Mariansleigh, gent, 3rd part. Whereas a marriage is intended to be solemnized between said Samuel Rolle and Dorothy Lovering, etc. Trustees named are enfeoffed of various lands of Samuel Rolle, and also of lands of Dorothy Lovering, viz. Manor of St. Peter Hays, in parish of St. Thomas, lands granted to Elizabeth Bailer "(sic, should be "Venner")", mother of said Dorothy, for jointure, Higher Hudscott, Lower Hudscott, East Dennington, West Dennington, Lerwill, Row Park, Chappels Tenement, Whetstone, all in Chittlehampton ; Chuggaton, Brealey's Tenement and Smallridge's in Swymbridge ; messuages and closes in S. Molton, messuages in occupation of Richard Salisbury at Barnstaple; moiety of Huxhill Barton, Wear Giffard ; moiety of Manor of Countisbury, in parishes of Countisbury and Linton, with all its royalties, rights, members, and appurtenances; moiety of N. Furshill, Lynton; moiety Radspry, Linton; one quarter of Spiranger, Linton; moiety of tenement in East Ilkerton, in possession of Alexander Reed, Lynton; moiety of Manor of Curry Revel ; moiety of manor of Fivehead, and all other manors, lands, of Dorothy Lovering in Devon and Somerset in trust, etc., etc., etc. Children of marriage, etc." 
John Lovering (d.1686) was the son of John Lovering (d.1675) a merchant of Weare Giffard by his wife Dorcas Doddridge, sister and co-heiress of John Doddridge (d.1666), MP, of Bremridge, South Molton. John Lovering the son was also a merchant of Barnstaple, who in 1679/80 purchased from John Wichehalse of Ley (now Lee Abbey) in the parish of Lynmouth, and of Chard, the manors of Lynton and Countisbury. He is described in the conveyance indenture dated 24 May 1680 as of Weare Giffard. His residence there appears to have been at Huxhill Barton. He married Elizabeth Venner the only surviving daughter of William Venner of Hudscott who was the uncle of John Wichehalse. He also purchased in 1645 from Adam Lugg of Barnstaple the manor of East Ilkerton and a moiety of Sparhanger, Radispray and North Fursehill. His two sons John Lovering and Venner Lovering predeceased him without progeny and he left two daughters as his co-heiresses, Dorothy Lovering, the wife of Samuel Rolle and Susanna Lovering, who married Richard Acland (1679-1729), MP, of Fremington, who succeeded Samuel Rolle as MP for Barnstaple. He appears to have been an exporter of herring fish to Spain, as the following recorded lawsuit of 1658 suggests: "John Martin v. John Lovering: Consignment of fish to St. Lucar or Seville in Spain. Touching a former suit also.: Devon; Spain".
He is mentioned in the historical romance "Lorna Doone" (1869) by Richard Doddridge Blackmore as follows: 
"And it is a very grievous thing, which touches small landowners, to see an ancient family day by day decaying: and when we heard that Ley Barton itself, and all the Manor of Lynton were under a heavy mortgage debt to John Lovering of Weare-Gifford, there was not much, in our little way, that we would not gladly do or suffer for the benefit of De Whichehalse". 
Chanter (1906) states the account in Lorna Doone to be confused.
Hugh Boscawen (1625-1701), of Tregothnan, then MP for Cornwall, was the first cousin of Rolle's father, being the second son of Hugh Boscawen of Tregothnan by his wife Margaret Rolle, daughter of Robert Rolle (d.1633) of Heanton Satchville. The Boscawen family was one of the richest and most influential in Cornwall, with extensive mining interests. He was the husband of Lady Margaret Clinton, the eldest of the two co-heiresses to the Barony of Clinton, the younger of which, Lady Arabella Clinton, had married Samuel Rolle's uncle Robert Rolle (d.1660), MP.
Progeny.
He had by his wife two daughters and two sons, one who predeceased him. Samuel Rolle (1704-1747), his only surviving son who died without progeny, bequeathed his estates including Hudscott and the Lovering moiety in Countisbury to his much wealthier cousin, Denys Rolle (1725-1797), MP, of Stevenstone, who sold all his Countisbury lands in parts and parcels chiefly to the occupying tenants, East Lynmouth being sold in 1759 to Peter Hooper, and the rest at various dates up to 1782.
Death & burial.
He died on 28 February 1735 and was buried at Chittlehampton, in which church exists a mural monument, on the west wall of the south transept, inscribed as follows: 
"To the memory of Samuel Rolle, Esq., Dorothy his wife and Samuel Rolle Esq., their son, who died: Feb. 28th 1734 aged 66; Ap. 14th 1735 aged 60; March 1st 1746 aged 43. And whose lives have left to posterity a more expressive memorial than can be perpetuated on the most durable marble".
On the monument is shown an escutcheon with the arms of Rolle in the centre of which is an escutcheon of pretence with the arms of Lovering: "Argent, on a fesse wavy azure a lion passant or", which signifies that Dorothy Lovering was an heiress.

</doc>
<doc id="36544773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544773" title="Frontier Battalion (Iran)">
Frontier Battalion (Iran)

Frontier Battalion ( – "Sākhtmān Hāī Masḵūnī Gardān Marazī") is a military station and village in Sarakhs Rural District, in the Central District of Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 131, in 38 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36544782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544782" title="Athletics at the Central American Games">
Athletics at the Central American Games

Athletics competitions have been held at the quadrennial Central American Games that are open for member federations of the Central American Sports Organization (Spanish: Organización Deportiva Centroamericana) ORDECA since the inaugural edition 1973 in Ciudad de Guatemala, Guatemala. The 1981 games was cancelled due to the unstable political situation in the region. In 2006 the athletics events were not contested by Costa Rica, El Salvador or Panamá. In 2010, Guatemala did not participate.
Medals.
Gold medal winners for the athletics events of the Central American Games were published.
See also.
List of Central American Games records in athletics

</doc>
<doc id="36544793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544793" title="Hidden Kingdom">
Hidden Kingdom

Hidden Kingdom may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544795" title="Tem people">
Tem people

The Tém (also known as the Temba or Kotokoliare) an ethnic group of Togo, but also found in Benin and Ghana. There is reported to be about 417,000 of the Tém, with 339,000 in Togo, 60,000 in Ghana and 18,000 in Benin. They speak the Tem language.

</doc>
<doc id="36544799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544799" title="Stanislav Vávra">
Stanislav Vávra

Stanislav Vávra (born 20 July 1993 in Kroměříž) is a Czech football player who currently plays for FC Zbrojovka Brno.

</doc>
<doc id="36544820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544820" title="Latifabad, Iran">
Latifabad, Iran

Latifabad () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544834" title="Port de la Bonaigua">
Port de la Bonaigua

Port de la Bonaigua (el. 2072 m.) is a mountain pass in the Pyrenees in Catalonia, Spain. It connects Esterri d'Àneu in the comarca of Pallars Sobirà with Vielha e Mijaran in the comarca of Val d'Aran.

</doc>
<doc id="36544837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544837" title="Tante Trude aus Buxtehude">
Tante Trude aus Buxtehude

Tante Trude aus Buxtehude is a 1971 West German film directed by Franz Josef Gottlieb.

</doc>
<doc id="36544841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544841" title="List of Pakistani record labels">
List of Pakistani record labels

This a list of record labels in Pakistan. Not all Pakistani singers are assigned to these record labels, some are assigned to international labels as well.

</doc>
<doc id="36544849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544849" title="Celia Griffin">
Celia Griffin

Celia Griffin (1841-March 1847), Irish famine victim. 
Griffin was born and raised on the Martin estate in Connemara, being a native of Corindulla, near Ross. The family were badly hit by the famine, and in February 1847 walked the thirty miles to Galway in search of relief. "However, many city dwellers shunned these refugees arriving amongst them, a situation born more out of fear of contacting disease rather than selfishness or indifference." [http://galwayindependent.com/stories/item/3041/2012-27/Celia-Griffin]
Brother Paul O'Connor ran the Orphans' Breakfast Institute in Lombard Street, where Celia and her siblings were fed. However, more and more people arrived each day, and the Institute could not feed them all. 
What became of Griffin's parents is unknown. She and her two sisters were taken into the Presentation Convent on Presentation Road in the second week of March when Celia collapsed on the street. Attempts by the nuns to save her familed and she died as a result of the effects of starvation. An inquest into her death was held on Thursday 11 March 1847. 
" An inquest was held on Thursday last, before Michael Perrin, Esq., D.C., at the Presentation Convent, on view of the body of Celia Griffin, a girl about six years of age, from the village of Corindulla, near Ross, in this county. It appeared in evidence that the poor creature had been reduced to extreme poverty and that the family to whom she belonged, eight in number, were in the same pitiful condition. She had been recommended to the Ladies of the Presentation, by Rev. George Usher, as a fit object for relief, and accordingly she and her two sisters received a daily breakfast at that excellent Institute. They met Mr Usher on the Rahoon road about a fortnight ago, but famine had so preyed upon her feeble constitution, that, on the morning of Wednesday, she was unable to taste food of any description – so that on the post mortem examination made by Doctor Staunton, there was not a particle found in her stomach."
"She with her father, mother, brothers, and sisters, came to Galway about six weeks ago, in the hope of obtaining some charitable relief, and during that period have been begging in the streets, and about the country. The parents of the deceased formerly resided on the estate of Thomas Martin, Esq, MP. When Doctor Staunton was called on he found deceased is a state of inanition, except an occasional convulsive action of the muscles, and her body might be said to be literally skin and bone – with all the appearance of starvation. She was so exhausted, as not to be able to use the food supplied to her. The Jury found that her death was caused for want of the common necessaries of life, before she received relief at the Presentation Convent."
On the 4 July 2012 the Galway Famine Ship Memorial was dedicated at the Celia Griffin Memorial Park at Grattan Beach, Galway. According to the Galway Independent, "The unveiling of the monument will be Galway’s tribute to Celia Griffin and the many thousands of children like her who perished in the Famine, and also to the ships and crews which carried so many of our people to safety ... ... Celia Griffin has come to symbolise all the children who lost their lives in the Great Famine."

</doc>
<doc id="36544860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544860" title="Samadabad, Razavi Khorasan">
Samadabad, Razavi Khorasan

Samadabad (, also Romanized as Şamadābād; also known as Kalāteh-ye Māmkhān) is a village in Tajan Rural District, in the Central District of Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 616, in 117 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36544868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544868" title="Concerns and controversies at the 2012 Summer Olympics">
Concerns and controversies at the 2012 Summer Olympics

A number of notable controversies and concerns associated with the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, UK emerged which were the subject of public debate and media commentary.
Prior to the games.
IOC policy.
Brand protection.
Protection of the Olympic brand has been the subject of some criticism. The Olympic rings themselves are protected in the United Kingdom under the Olympic Symbol etc. (Protection) Act 1995, and under provisions set out by the London Olympic Games and Paralympic Games Act 2006, the London Organising Committee of the Olympic Games and Paralympic Games (LOCOG) are empowered to prevent the misuse of Olympic branding leading up to the 2012 Games. The acts aim to prevent unauthorised commercial association with the games by traders (such as using the Olympic rings in a shop window) and to prevent attempts at ambush marketing at games events, but the constraints detailed in the guidelines issued by LOCOG have been criticised by some commentators as a form of censorship.
The guidelines specify a range of trademarked logos and designs as well as certain "Listed Expressions" and protected words that advertisers may not use, which include the words "London" and "2012". Even if an advertiser does not mention the Olympics or use any of the listed words, any visual or audio representation of London and sports may be considered by a court to be an infringement of LOCOG's rights and subject to a fine of £20,000 or possible imprisonment. A number of individuals and businesses have fallen foul of the restrictions including a lingerie shop in Leicester, a grandmother knitting for charity and a Plymouth café selling Olympic torch baguettes. An exception to these rules was successfully negotiated by the restaurant chain Little Chef, who have been permitted by LOCOG to continue to sell their fried "Olympic Breakfast" because the item has carried that name on their menu since 1994.
In an interview with BBC journalist Evan Davis, Lord Coe emphasised the need to protect the rights of official sponsors such as BMW and Adidas who had contributed large sums of money to the Games. His suggestion that visitors to the London games would not be admitted if they were wearing a Pepsi-branded T-shirt was later retracted by LOCOG, who stated that such rules would apply only to large groups of spectators wearing "visibly branded" clothing.
Criticism has also focused on the exclusive rights held by some sponsors to serve and advertise food at and near to Olympic venues; McDonald's held sole rights to sell chips throughout the games, preventing independent food outlets from serving chips with any meal, although an exception was negotiated with McDonald's to allow the sale of traditional British fish and chips. Food sellers must also comply with food outlet specifications which require prominent display of Coca-Cola branding with limited space for their own products.
Eligibility of athletes suspended for doping.
The IOC amended the Olympic Charter in June 2008 in order to bar athletes suspended for at least six months for a doping offence from competing at the Olympic Games following the end of the suspension. This provision, known as the Osaka Rule or Rule 45, was challenged by the United States Olympic Committee before the Court of Arbitration for Sport. In October 2011 the court found that the provision was not an eligibility rule, but a sanction not mandated by the World Anti-Doping Code and thus invalid. Several athletes were allowed to compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics as a result of the ruling, including defending Olympic champion LaShawn Merritt and Jessica Hardy a 2012 olympic gold medalist. In April 2012 the decision was reaffirmed, when the court found a similar rule for the British team invalid.
The rulings have led to calls from the IOC to include a provision similar to the Osaka Rule in the next Anti-Doping Code, which will be in effect by the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Women participants and the hijab.
After an initial dispute, the IOC and associated sports organizations allowed women to participate in the games as athletes or officials while wearing hijabs. According to the Associated Press, religious clerics and religious activists in some countries wanted more modest uniforms.
According to "Sports Illustrated", critics charged that allowing the headgear violated IOC Rule 50 which prohibits religious displays in olympic venues and that countries which required the headgear for their female representatives were practicing gender apartheid and claimed that this should require the same stand that that the IOC took against South African apartheid by banning that country from the Olympics for 21 years. A group called London 2012: Justice for Women protested the IOC's allowance of the hijab by placing a copy of the Olympic charter into a coffin and then throwing it off Westminster Bridge, while a band played funeral music.
Sponsors.
Healthy eating.
There has been criticism that companies that produce junk food or otherwise unhealthy foods and drinks are major sponsors of the Olympics, notably McDonald's, Coca-Cola, Cadbury and Heineken, which seemingly conflicts with the Olympian ideal of health and wellness. Critics have included the Chief Medical Officer of Wales, Dr Tony Jewell, and the head of sports science of the GB Team. The London Assembly passed a motion calling for a ban on junk food sponsors.
The sponsors were defended on the grounds that they provide a significant income for the event. Jacques Rogge, President of the IOC, acknowledged concerns but noted the importance of sponsorship money and said that the issue of obesity had been raised with such sponsors. McDonald's and Coca-Cola also defended their involvement, stating that healthy eating was the responsibility of the individual to make their own purchasing choices. LOCOG's policy for food provision states a number of aims including diversity, hygiene, health and nutrition and sustainability.
Payment services.
Electronic payment services for Olympic ticketing and in Olympic venues were provided exclusively by Visa under the terms of their global sponsorship deal with the IOC. This led to criticism during ticket sales before the Games and to complaints of unreliability of payment systems and a shortage of cash points (particularly for cardholders of cards other than those provided by Visa) to obtain cash at Olympic venues during the Games.
Security.
Air defence sites.
The decision by the Ministry of Defence to station surface-to-air missiles on top of the Lexington building, a residential apartment block in Bow, was challenged in court on 10 July by residents of another tower Fred Wigg Tower in Leytonstone, east London, where missiles were to be sited, under Article 8 and Article 1 of Protocol 1 of the European Convention on Human Rights, over concerns the missiles made them a terrorist target. The judgement from Mr Justice Haddon-Cave was in favour of the siting of the missiles on Fred Wigg Tower. He stated in his judgement 
David Enright, the solicitor representing the residents said after the judgement:
Sources:
Security guard shortage.
In July 2012 the private security firm G4S, which had been contracted to supply security personnel for the Olympics, revealed that it had failed to recruit and train enough staff for the Games. The shortfall was made up by deploying 3,500 troops of the British Armed Forces. Reports in the media claimed some recruits were not able to speak adequate English. An inquiry was held by the United Kingdom Parliament into the issue and a report issued said that G4S "must bear the cost of its Olympic failure"
Nationality issues.
Falkland Islands dispute.
On 2 May 2012, in regards to the Falkland Islands dispute, on the 30th anniversary of the sinking of the Argentine ship "General Belgrano", Argentina released an advertising film depicting the captain of Argentina's hockey team, Fernando Zylberberg, training in Stanley, Falkland Islands, under the slogan "To compete on British soil, we train on Argentine soil." An IOC statement said "the games should not be part of a political platform", while Argentine Olympic Committee President Gerardo Werthein stated that "the Olympic Games cannot be used to make political gestures". Zylberberg was not selected for the Argentine hockey squad.
Regent Street flags display.
As part of the buildup to the Games, the flags of all competing nations were suspended over streets in a display around the West End of London by the Regent Street Association (RSA). Included in this was the Flag of the Republic of China, the official name of Taiwan. Since 1981, the Republic of China (ROC) has not been permitted to compete at the Olympics under its own name, instead using the name "Chinese Taipei", together with the flag of the Chinese Taipei Olympic Committee, which is not Taiwan's national flag. In all official Olympic events and publications, the name and symbols of Chinese Taipei must be used. As the flag display was not connected to LOCOG, it was not subject to Olympic branding rules. However, officials from the People's Republic of China made a complaint to the British Foreign Office (FCO) about the display of the ROC flag, following which the FCO advised the RSA to replace the ROC flag with the Chinese Taipei Olympic flag. The removal of the national flag led to an official complaint from the Republic of China, with the Senior Representative, Shen Lyu-shun, writing to the RSA stating the view that "the nomenclature regarding Taiwan’s participation in the Olympics shall not be applied to the display of the flags in the street", and that matters like this fall "within the scope of freedom of speech" and "shall not be subject to interference by a third party".
Competitors birthplaces in biographies.
A complaint by the Foreign Ministry of Ukraine was made about the biographies of Russian Olympic team members posted on the official London 2012 Games' website. The biographies referred to the athletes' Ukrainian birthplaces as being located in Russia. Thirty athletes that were identified as not being born in Russia had incorrect birthplace references. Georgia’s Olympic Committee had also complained and asked for corrections to be made. Examples included wrestler Besik Kudukhov’s birthplace in Tskhilon South Ossetia, Boxer David Ayrapetyan born in Baku the capital of Azerbaijan, and weightlifter Alexandr Ivanov from Rustavi in Georgia. Izabella Siemicks, a LOCOG spokesperson, claimed the original biographical information had been provided by the National Olympic Committees. LOCOG also apologised for an error in the official match programme for Great Britain's first game in the men's football tournament, mistakenly describing Welsh team member Joe Allen as being English.
Female athletes from all NOCs.
After the 2008 Summer Olympics Brunei, Qatar and Saudi Arabia were the only three NOCs that had never sent a female participant. They were put under pressure to include female athletes in their teams. All three NOCs sent female athletes to the 2012 Summer Olympics, with both Brunei and Qatar selecting female flag bearers at the Opening Ceremony. Saudi Arabia was the last NOC to select a female competitor. On 3 August 2012, the Bruneian athlete Maziah Mahusin took part in the Women's 400 metres heats and ensured that all current NOCs have had at least one female participant at the Olympics.
Opening ceremony Munich memorial.
As they had done prior to every Olympic Games since 1976, the remaining widows of the 11 Israeli athletes murdered by Black September at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich campaigned for the IOC to include a minute of silence during the Opening ceremony. The proposal was rejected by IOC President Jacques Rogge, who stated that his "hands were tied" by votes from 46 Arab and Muslim members admitted to the International Olympic Committee.
During the games.
Tape Delays.
NBC, Nine Network, and Prime TV were criticised by their viewers for tape delaying the Olympics and making questionable editorial decisions and complicated viewing schemes.
Opening ceremony.
Parade of Nations Gatecrasher.
An unknown woman gatecrashed in civilian attire and was seen walking at the head of the Indian Olympic team's march past during the Parade of Nations. Her presence attracted media attention throughout India and raised questions about security at the Olympic Games. The woman was subsequently identified as Madhura, a graduate student from Bangalore living in London and a dancer in a segment of the opening ceremony. On 31 July 2012, LOCOG issued an apology to the Indian contingent over the incident.
Organisational issues.
Empty seats.
Empty seats at Olympic events were reported during the first two days of the games. Although events were reported to be sold out, many empty seats were observed in highly visible areas at multiple venues. Sebastian Coe, the Head of LOCOG, stated in a press conference on 29 July that the seats were reserved for "the Olympic family and sponsors" and that the events were otherwise "stuffed to the gunwales". The empty seats were also from NOCs which had not used up the entire allocation and had not returned the unallocated tickets. Coe stated that LOCOG would investigate the claims of empty seats. The claim the seats were allocated to sponsors led to denials from sponsors with British Airways stating they had returned tickets it could not distribute and McDonalds stating all their tickets were being used. LOCOG was able to recover some "VIP" seats that would not be used and made them available for sale. On 31 July, for example, tickets to 3,800 reclaimed seats were put on sale to the public.
Ticket distribution follows this system: 75% is sold to the general public, 12% goes to the National Committees of participating countries for sale in their countries, 8% is for sponsors, and 5% for the "Olympic family" (including the IOC and national Olympic organizations). It is hard at the venue to anticipate if tickets given to various sponsors and Olympic officials will actually be used, and difficult to reenter them into circulation at the last minute.
Non-public archery event.
On Friday, 27 July, the same day as the opening ceremony, but after the first sporting events outside London had started (in football), there was confusion and disappointment in some Olympic fans when they were denied access to what they thought was the first competition event in London. They had misunderstood the use by LOCOG of the phrase "non-ticketed" to mean that an archery qualification round at Lord's cricket ground was going to be open to the public for free, in a similar fashion to some other events like the road bike races or marathon. In addition, some had been sold fake tickets for the event by an illegal website. LOCOG stated "Tickets have not been advertised or sold by Locog for the archery ranking event...We have always made it clear that the preliminary rounds are not open for spectators. There are a number of unofficial websites claiming to sell tickets; we therefore advise people to be extremely cautious and vigilant when attempting to buy tickets and only purchase from an official source".
North Korea – South Korea flag mistake.
During the women's football tournament on the first day, 25 July, the flag of the Republic of Korea (South Korea) was mistakenly displayed on the electronic display in Hampden Park instead of that of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea). The North Korean team walked off the pitch in protest at seeing the South Korean flag displayed by their names and refused to warm up whilst the flag was being displayed. The match between North Korea and Colombia was delayed by a little over an hour; the game then commenced after rectification of the error. LOCOG apologised for the error and said they would make efforts to ensure such a mishap did not recur; however, the organising committee's statement had to be reissued because it failed to use the nations' official titles (as used by the IOC) "Republic of Korea" and "Democratic People's Republic of Korea".
Competition issues.
Men's cycling team sprint.
On 2 August, British cyclist Philip Hindes, during an interview in the mixed zone for media immediately after the race, said that he deliberately crashed in an earlier round because he did not like the start he had. Hindes reaffirmed what he said earlier in a BBC interview shortly after: “I just did it to get the restart. My first wasn’t the greatest so I thought to get the restart.” British team later responded by claiming that it was a misunderstanding and comments were lost in translation, citing English was not Hindes' first language. Hindes also retracted his original comments and said he just lost control and fell down. In Team Sprint, cyclists are allowed a restart if they crash or have a mechanical incident. The International Cycling Union said the result of the qualifying race “was not in question,” and the International Olympic Committee said it would not investigate. The French team, which came second, accepted the result, but also suggested team sprint regulation needs to be changed.
Men's 66kg judo judging.
On 29 July in a quarter final match in the 66kg category, South Korean judoka Cho Jun-ho received a unanimous 3-0 judging decision that he had beaten Japanese Ebinuma Masashi. However the result caused an immediate outbreak of booing and jeering from the crowd. Almost immediately Marius Vizer, chief of the International Judo Federation, intervened and held a meeting with the match referee and two judges. Shortly afterwards the three officials returned to the mat and reversed their original decision by declaring Masashi the 0-3 winner. South Korean officials launched an unsuccessful appeal and the result was upheld.
Women's badminton doubles matches.
A review of two matches in the Badminton Women's doubles competition played on 31 July was conducted after it appeared that, having already qualified for the knockout stages, players on both sides in each game had been attempting to lose their last group stage matches in order to gain a more favourable draw in the quarter finals. The matches were between China's Wang Xiaoli / Yu Yang and South Korea's Jung Kyung-eun / Kim Ha-na in Group A and South Korea's Ha Jung-eun / Kim Min-jung versus Indonesia's Meiliana Jauhari / Greysia Polii in Group C. After errors began occurring during routine shots in both matches, including shots going long and serves hitting the net, the crowd reacted badly, and the match between Yu Yang and Wang Xiaoli of China and Jung Kyung and Kim Ha Na of South Korea featured no rallies of more than four shots.
In the second game, a tournament referee initially issued a black card to disqualify the players but, after the team's coaches argued, this was rescinded; play was allowed to continue while he monitored proceedings. Both the earlier match and this later match were ultimately played to a conclusion, completing the draw for the quarter finals (Group B and D having concluded earlier in the day). Technical delegate Paisan Rangsikitpho said after the Group A match, "If it's true what I hear, this is a shame and I don't like it. And I'm not going to accept anything that I don't like at all. It's not in a good spirit...I apologise to the public, I apologise for everyone and I am not happy."
On 1 August 2012, following the review, all eight players were ejected from the tournament by the Badminton World Federation, after being found guilty of "not using best efforts" and "conducting oneself in a manner that is clearly abusive or detrimental to the sport".
Women's individual épée timing and appeal.
South Korean fencer Shin A-Lam was embroiled in a prolonged controversy at the ExCeL Centre on 30 July 2012. She had appeared to beat her opponent Britta Heidemann, but an issue developed around the timing clock: After Heidemann's last unsuccessful attempt to break the tie, the referee called a "halt" to stop the bout. However, seconds later and despite the bout having been stopped, the clock continued to count down to zero. Since an overtime minute has to be fenced in its entirety, the referee followed FIE rule t.32-3 and addressed this failure of the clock or error by the timekeeper by having the clock reset to one second, the clock's lowest possible setting. When the fencers resumed their positions, Heidemann scored the winning point.
Shin was required to sit on the piste for almost an hour, often openly sobbing, while her coaches lodged an official complaint, prompting an announcer at the venue to confirm that moving from the piste would have been seen as indicating her acceptance of the ruling against her. After losing the protest, Shin fought, and lost, against Sun Yujie of China thirty minutes later in the bronze medal match.
Shin was later offered a "special medal" by the International Fencing Federation but was not appeased by the prospect of the award, "it does not make me feel better. It's not an Olympic medal," she said. Korean Olympic Committee president Park Yung-Sung commented on the offer as saying "they know they are very sorry about her and they have to recognise her sporting spirit".
Women's cycling team sprint.
China's Gong Jinjie and Guo Shuang twice set the world record, in qualifying and the first round, and finished first in the final in 32.619s. However, the team was later disqualified for an alleged "early relay" infringement and relegated to the silver medal, and the second place German team was promoted to gold. The Chinese team's coach Daniel Morelon complained that the judges refused to provide "video footage of the race in slow motion", and only provided a "vague explanation" for the infringement they had allegedly committed. He went on to proclaim that the Chinese team were "robbed" of a gold medal.
Earlier in the competition, the British team of Victoria Pendleton and Jess Varnish were disqualified for a similar infringement, but they were provided conclusive proof in the form of photo replays which clearly showed that Pendleton had overtaken Varnish by half a wheel before they passed the changeover line.
Men's boxing officiating.
Referee Ishanguly Meretnyyazov was dismissed from the games after the men's 56 kg Round of 16 bout between Japan's Satoshi Shimizu and Azerbaijan's Magomed Abdulhamidov. During the third round of the fight, Abdulhamidov was knocked to the canvas six times. Meretnyyazov failed to issue a standing-eight count in any of the six instances. The judges awarded the win to Abdulhamidov; a decision that was later overturned by the AIBA. The AIBA indicated that the fight should have been stopped and awarded to Shimizu after three knockdowns. Before the London Olympics, Azerbaijan had faced controversy regarding a $9 million payment to WSB, and rumors surfaced that Azerbaijan had bribed AIBA for two gold medals during the London 2012 Olympics.
German referee Frank Scharmach was suspended for five days after disqualifying Iran's Ali Mazaheri for excessive holding during his bout with Cuba's José Larduet.
A win by Vikas Krishan in the Welterweight Pre-Quarters was overturned after an appeal by his opponent Errol Spence. The Indian was given four penalty points and the score was changed from 11-13 to 15-13 in favour of Errol Spence. The International Boxing Association ruled that Krishan had intentionally spit out his mouthguard in the second round and committed nine holding fouls in the third round. India approached the Court for Arbitration in Sport (CAS) (after the appeal to the AIBA was rejected) but without any success.
In another fight, Ukrainian world champion Evhen Khytrov was ruled to have lost to Britain's Anthony Ogogo after an 18-18 countback, despite two knockdowns. The National Olympic Committee of Ukraine protested the decision to AIBA.
Canadian Custio Clayton lost to British boxer Freddie Evans in the Welterweight quarterfinals when Evans, who was awarded the fight on a countback, was cautioned three separate times for holding during the bout but was not penalised a point for the infraction as was required by the rules. Canada appealed the decision, but AIBA instead ruled that Evans was "incorrectly cautioned", and as a result did not deserve any point deductions.
Women's football semifinal: Canada vs USA.
During the semifinal match between Canada and USA, a controversial refereeing decision was made against the Canadian goalkeeper, Erin McLeod, when she allegedly held the ball longer than the allowed six seconds. This rule is rarely applied so strictly in professional football, and is generally only reserved for use in instances of clear and deliberate time-wasting. McLeod claimed that the referee had told her that she had held the ball for 10 seconds. As a result of the call, the American side was awarded a rare indirect free kick in the box with Canada leading the match 3-2. A subsequent handball call was made against the Canadian side awarding the American team a penalty kick, which was converted to tie the game at 3-3. The Americans went on to win the match in extra time, advancing to the gold medal match. After the match, Canada forward Christine Sinclair expressed, "It’s a shame in a game like that that was so important, the ref decided the result before it started." FIFA responded by saying it was considering disciplinary action against Sinclair and other Canadian players and coaches for that and similar critical remarks, but that any disciplinary action would be postponed until after Canada's Bronze medal match had concluded. Sinclair was eventually suspended for four games for her conduct.
Men's 100m breaststroke final.
Five days after setting a new world record in the 100m breaststroke final en route to a gold medal, South African Cameron van der Burgh said that he had used illegal "dolphin kicks" while underwater after the start and turns. Van der Burgh claimed that he had to break the rule because it is done so commonly by many international breaststrokers, saying, "It's got to the point where if you're not doing it you are falling behind or giving yourself a disadvantage." There have been complaints from other swimmers and swimming federations, with many calls for FINA to introduce underwater footage to help race officials, but no official protest has been launched against van der Burgh, who will keep his medal and record.
Men's 800m athletics heat.
During a preliminary heat of the 800m event, Algerian runner Taoufik Makhloufi stopped running after only 200m and walked off the track. It was suggested he deliberately stopped running in order to save himself for the 1500m race the following day, where he was fancied as a medal winner, and that the Algerian officials had earlier failed in their attempts to withdraw him in time from the 800m contest. Makhloufi was dismissed from the Games by the IAAF, who accused him of not giving an honest effort, violating the Olympic ideal, but Algerian officials lodged an official protest, stating that Makhloufi withdrew from the race because of a knee injury. After being examined by doctors, Makhloufi was reinstated in time for the 1500m final. He then won the gold medal in the 1500m race. "Every person who wins a race forgets about his aches and pains" said Makhloufi.
Other.
Athletes' behavioural issues.
Prior to the official commencement of the Games, Greek triple jumper Paraskevi Papachristou was sent home by the national head of the delegation, Isidoros Kouvelos, for a Twitter post that read: "With so many Africans in Greece... the West Nile mosquitoes will at least eat homemade food!!!" Though she apologised later saying "My dream is connected to the Olympic Games and I could not possibly participate if I did not respect their values" and was supported by some fans, the Greek political party DIMAR, which is a part of the ruling coalition, issued a statement that read: "She can make as many vile 'jokes' as she likes on social networking sites when she watches the Olympic Games on TV" and pushed for her expulsion from the delegation representing Greece.
Swiss footballer Michel Morganella was sent home by the Switzerland football team after he sent a tweet following their 2-1 loss against South Korea which, according to the director of Swiss Olympic Committee Gian Gilli, "discriminated, insulted and violated the dignity of the South Korean football team and people".
Australian swimmers Nick D'Arcy and Kenrick Monk were originally to be sent home once the swimming programme of the Games had concluded after posting a photo on Facebook that was deemed to bring the sport into disrepute. The Australian Olympic Committee subsequently gave the pair a reprieve allowing them to stay and join family and friends for a holiday in Europe. The two were however required to leave the Olympic Village and surrender their Olympic accreditation after the swimming program concluded. D'Arcy and Monk gave an undertaking not to engage in social media during the remainder of the Games as part of the deal. Monk had previously attracted controversy when he admitted to lying to police when he was questioned about the cause of an accident during a training session, while D'Arcy had been removed from the Australian team for the Beijing Olympics after being charged with assault. When discussing D'Arcy's upcoming event, journalist Steve Price commented "I don't care if he drowns".
German rower Nadja Drygalla voluntarily left the Olympic village on 3 August after controversy arose over her relationship with a neo-Nazi far-right politician. Drygalla's boyfriend is reportedly a leading member of the "Rostock National Socialists", and has apparently fought a state election for the far-right National Democratic Party.
Australian rower Josh Booth, who competed in the Men's eight event, was expelled from the Australian team after vandalising shops while drunk.
Kittian sprinter Kim Collins – who carried the flag of St. Kitts and Nevis at the Opening Ceremony – was removed from the men's 100m sprint before the heats by the St. Kitts and Nevis Olympic Committee, reportedly after leaving the Athletes' Village without permission to spend a night in a hotel with his wife. The national Olympic committee responded, stating that Collins had repeatedly ignored attempts by officials to contact him, and did not register for his events as had been requested of him. Collins was sent home, his accreditation to access the Olympic Village having been cancelled.
After South Korea defeated Japan in the Bronze Medal match at Millennium Stadium in Cardiff on 10 August, South Korean player Park Jong-Woo walked around the field holding a banner with a message written in Korean, "독도는 우리 땅!" ("dokdo neun uri ttang" lit. "Dokdo is our territory!). As both IOC and FIFA statutes prohibit any political statements being made by athletes at their respective sporting events, the IOC barred Park from the bronze medal ceremony and did not permit him to receive his medal. In addition, it asked FIFA to discipline Park, and stated that it may decide on further sanctions at a later date. FIFA failed to reach a conclusion on the case at a meeting at its Zurich headquarters held on 5 October, and the disciplinary committee discussed the case again on the following week, then failed to reach a verdict again. The case was heard again by the committee on 20 November, and FIFA decided on 3 December to suspend Park for two matches after he was considered to have breached the FIFA Disciplinary Code and the Regulations of the Olympic Football Tournaments. FIFA also imposed a warning on the Korea Football Association and reminded it of its obligation to properly instruct its players on all the pertinent rules and applicable regulations before the start of any competition, in order to avoid such incident in the future. The Korea Football Association was warned that should incidents of such nature occur again in the future, the FIFA Disciplinary Committee may impose harsher sanctions on the Korea Football Association.
Seven Cameroonian athletes "defected" while participating in the Olympics, including the reserve goalkeeper Drusille Ngako, swimmer Paul Ekane Edingue and boxers Thomas Essomba, Christian Donfack Adjoufack, Abdon Mewoli, Blaise Yepmou Mendouo and Serge Ambomo. Five of its boxers were discovered training at a gym in South London shortly after the games had completed.
Technology in track cycling.
Team GB Cycling introduced new bicycles for the London 2012 Olympics that subsequently outperformed Australia and France with margins greater than expected. In France the performance was greeted with suspicion and allegations of cheating, which were vehemently defended against by British Prime Minister, David Cameron. The former head of research and development of the British Cycling Team, Chris Boardman said that every single bicycle component was vetted and declared fit for use by the UCI, however, Joe Lindsey of Bicycling magazine stated that the spirit of equal footing had been broken. French world champion cyclist Gregory Bauge demanded that the British reveal their secret, but French omnium specialist Bryan Coquard supported the British, believing the secret is the best equipment being revealed at the last moment, also stating: "he Australians didn't race cohesively..." When asked if the "high-tech warfare" between large national teams will put other countries at a disadvantage Chris Boardman replied, "Well, I'd like to think so, we haven't done our job if they're not." The British team stress that performance is achieved through ‘marginal gains’, including training, and preparation. Home advantage was given as a possible reason for the British performance with omnium gold medalist Laura Trott stating: "I just got going and the crowd just drove me home."

</doc>
<doc id="36544876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544876" title="Darband-e Olya">
Darband-e Olya

Darband-e Olya () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544897" title="Darband-e Sofla">
Darband-e Sofla

Darband-e Sofla () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544910" title="Darband-e Olya, Sarakhs">
Darband-e Olya, Sarakhs

Darband-e Olya (, also Romanized as Darband-e ‘Olyā; also known as Ma‘dan-e Āqdarband and Aq Darband) is a village in Marzdaran Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 52, in 14 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36544912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544912" title="List of Baby Daddy episodes">
List of Baby Daddy episodes

"Baby Daddy" is an American sitcom that premiered on ABC Family on June 20, 2012. The sitcom stars Jean-Luc Bilodeau as Ben Wheeler a bartender, who while moving his brother Danny Wheeler (Derek Theler) into his and his best friend Tucker Dobbs' (Tahj Mowry) apartment, he's surprised when Emma, a baby girl, is left on his doorstep by Angela, his ex-girlfriend. He gets help from his mother Bonnie Wheeler (Melissa Peterman) and his close female friend Riley Perrin (Chelsea Kane) who also is in love with him.
As of June 18, 2014, a total of 47 episodes of "Baby Daddy" have aired.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Episodes.
Season 2 (2013).
On August 17, 2012, "Baby Daddy" was renewed for a second season, it premiered on May 29, 2013. Matt Dallas, who previously worked with Jean-Luc Bilodeau on the ABC Family series "Kyle XY", appeared in a recurring role as Fitch Douglas, a love interest for Riley. Both Lacey Chabert and Grace Phipps also had recurring roles this season. Wayne Brady guest starred in the episode "There's Something Fitchy Going On".
Season 3 (2014).
On March 22, 2013, two months before the second season premiered, ABC Family renewed "Baby Daddy" for a third season. It premiered on January 15, 2014. Bruce Thomas, who previously worked with Jean-Luc Bilodeau on "Kyle XY", guest starred in the episode "The Bet". Bilodeau's other "Kyle XY" co-star Matt Dallas reprised his role as Fitch in the episode "Lights! Camera! No Action!", Mary Hart also guest starred as herself in that episode. Other guest stars this season included Lucy Hale, David DeLuise, Phil Morris, Mark DeCarlo, Kelsey Chow and Dot Jones.
Season 4.
On August 17, 2014, "Baby Daddy" will be renewing for a fourth season.

</doc>
<doc id="36544917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544917" title="Aq Darband">
Aq Darband

Aq Darband may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544919" title="Yaoundé Hospital">
Yaoundé Hospital

Yaoundé Hospital may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544924" title="Adobe Prelude">
Adobe Prelude

Adobe Prelude (successor to the now discontinued Adobe OnLocation) is a tool for Windows and Mac to review, import, log, select, and export tapeless media. The software also offers features like speech transcription and rough cut creation.

</doc>
<doc id="36544927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544927" title="Darband-e Sofla, Sarakhs">
Darband-e Sofla, Sarakhs

Darband-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Darband-e Soflá; also known as Āq Darband) is a village in Marzdaran Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 58, in 18 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36544930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544930" title="Helaine Selin">
Helaine Selin

Helaine Selin (born 1946) is an American librarian, author and the editor of several bestselling books.
She is perhaps most famous for being the editor of "Encyclopaedia of the History of Science, Technology, and Medicine in Non-Western Cultures" (1997). She has also edited the book series "Science Across Cultures".
Career.
She received her undergraduate degree from SUNY Binghamton and MLS from SUNY Albany. She served in the Peace Corps from the fall of 1967 through the summer of 1969 as an English teacher in Karonga, Malawi. She retired in 2012 from being the science librarian at Hampshire College.

</doc>
<doc id="36544941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544941" title="Desperate Endeavors">
Desperate Endeavors

Desperate Endeavors is a 2012 film adapted from "Seeking Home", a biography of Jayant Patel coming to America to pursuse the American Dream. The film is produced and directed by Salim Khassa. The story captures the full range of immigrant struggles, beginning in New York City in the 1970s and punctuated by true human emotion and family conflict. The protagonist of "Desperate Endeavors", "Ram Patel" encounters more obstacles than he can count, and ultimately finds a remedy to his numerous problems by encountering a spiritual adviser, legendary 'Dada Bhagwan' played by Bollywood star Gulshan Grover. Also stars Michael Madsen, Robert Clohessy, Ismail Bashey & Samrat Chakrabarti. 
In 2011 the film was screened at the Tribeca Film Festival, NYCIFF, and WorldFest-Houston International Film Festival. Rated PG 13, and had its theatrical release on 7 September 2012.
Synopsis.
A 1970s New York City setting finds Indian-born immigrant Ram Patel trying to establish himself in the turbulent city-life where he encounters various hurdles that prevent him from obtaining his goals of becoming successful and wealthy. The pursuit of the American dream becomes littered with pot-holes for the earnest protagonist Ram Patel. Arriving from the airport to stay with a family 
friend, he finds himself instantly disliked by an African-American landlord (Floyd) that attempts to make Ram miserable.
Pounding the pavement for a job, Ram is taken-on by a CPA firm run by a strict, former military crew-cut martinet who hires other Indian men like Ram to do countless hours of accounting grunt-work in a hot-box dingy office. With no money to save, he begins to borrow heavily and digs himself into insurmountable debt. In the midst of this self-inducedmisery, he sends for his wife and daughter from India and continues his “façade” of a successful appearance to his newly arrived wife by going into even further debt on more newly printed credit cards and “latched-onto” friends.
These friends and co-workers begin to get irritated by his lack of commitment to payback, and this 
leads the protagonist being pressed into self-doubt and constant searching for both “a way out” and purposeful meaning in his life. Proclaiming to push ahead through his frustration and predicament is based more on stubbornness than enlightenment, where a “donʼt quit“ mind-set becomes “fuel- to-the-fire” for his out-of-control situation. Ram has his car stolen, and he becomes enslaved to his 
increasing debt status, which makes his wife question his responsibility as a husband, father and a man. RAMʼs wife RANI becomes pregnant again, and he must reluctantly send her back to India to deliver their new child due to a lack of medical insurance in the USA. Rani protests, but Ram mentions “financial suicide” as to their status, and Rani goes back to India for the birth of their 
second daughter.
Into the life of Ram Patel comes an eccentric array of characters who swirl his life into confusion. A colleagueʼs mother offers her connection to a spiritual Holy-man known as “DADA BHAGWAN,” whose followers revere him as mentor and benevolent wise master, professing the release of ego for enlightenment. Ram passes up this spiritual growth opportunity, instead trying to make his way on a fortune-seeking venture in a new business with a puffed-up, egotistical entrepreneur named “ADESH.”
Ram continues “spinning-his-wheels” and finally tries an introductory session with the eminent Dada Bhagwan. Confronting himself is an intensely difficult proposition, but awareness comes suddenly like lightning and Ram turns over a “new leaf” as the situation begins to eventually swing in Ram Patelʼs favor.
This compelling story addresses the overall-immigrant experience of the mid–tolate 20th Century, where “culture-clash” and “making it in America” are the pillars under which many lives are built, or crushed by. The filmʼs ultimate message and Ram Patelʼs plight and subsequent transformation by Dada Bhagwan become the hook whereby any individual can absorb the bracing impact of undeniable 
fate that results in a firmly entrenched “never-give-up” attitude.

</doc>
<doc id="36544946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544946" title="William de Heytisbury">
William de Heytisbury

William de Heytisbury DD (also Hetisbury and Heighterbury) was an English college fellow and university chancellor.
William de Heytisbury was a Fellow of Merton College, Oxford and Chancellor of the University of Oxford between 1371 and 1372. He was a Doctor of Divinity.

</doc>
<doc id="36544947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544947" title="Khangiran Rural District">
Khangiran Rural District

Khangiran Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,530, in 1,445 families. The rural district has 11 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36544954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544954" title="Godon">
Godon

Godon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36544957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544957" title="The Grail &amp; the Lotus">
The Grail &amp; the Lotus

The Grail & the Lotus is the second album of composer Robbie Basho, released in 1966 through Takoma Records.
Release and reception.
Richie Unterberger of Allmusic gave the album four and a half out of five stars, stating that "The Grail & the Lotus" is "a fine, innovative album" 
Despite never being individually issued on Compact Disc, "The Grail & the Lotus" can be found in its entirety on the "Guitar Soli" compilation album.

</doc>
<doc id="36544961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544961" title="Tajan Rural District">
Tajan Rural District

Tajan Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 13,136, in 2,837 families. The rural district has 12 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36544966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544966" title="Sarakhs Rural District">
Sarakhs Rural District

Sarakhs Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16,167, in 3,519 families. The rural district has 14 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36544979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544979" title="Encyclopaedia of the History of Science, Technology, and Medicine in Non-Western Cultures">
Encyclopaedia of the History of Science, Technology, and Medicine in Non-Western Cultures

Encyclopaedia of the History of Science, Technology, and Medicine in Non-Western Cultures is a bestselling book by American author Helaine Selin.
Summary.
The book contains more than a thousand entries across two volumes. The Second Edition in particular has been referred to as "Massively Updated and Augmented".
Reception.
The book has consistently received good reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="36544988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544988" title="Golbibi Rural District">
Golbibi Rural District

Golbibi Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,278, in 1,536 families. The rural district has 13 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36544995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36544995" title="Pol Khatun Rural District">
Pol Khatun Rural District

Pol Khatun Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,821, in 1,122 families. The rural district has 18 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36545003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545003" title="Marzdaran Rural District">
Marzdaran Rural District

Marzdaran Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,993, in 712 families. The rural district has 13 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36545012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545012" title="Pandemonium (novel)">
Pandemonium (novel)

Pandemonium is a 2012 dystopian young adult novel written by Lauren Oliver and the second novel in her "Delirium" trilogy. The book was first published on February 28, 2012 through HarperTeen and follows the series' protagonist as she explores the Wilds outside the walled community she was raised in. The book was preceded by a novella entitled "Hana" and was succeeded by "Requiem", the final book in the series.
Plot.
The book follows up the events of "Delirium" and Lena is now in the Wilds. Unfortunately for her, the Wilds aren't as wonderful as she had thought. While she is now free of the cure, she and her acquaintances decide that they must do the same for everyone else and restore society to its former state. This is easier said than done, as Lena and her group have much standing in their way.
The book also follows Lena in her life while she lives in New York City with two other characters from the Wilds. She is part of the DFA, the Deliria Free America, and during one of their rallies, she is kidnapped by other Invalids, called Scavengers, and held in captive with Julian Fineman, the leader of the youth division of the DFA.
With the memory of Alex's sacrifice in mind, she navigates her way out of the place she is held captive with Julian, and slowly begins to fall in love with him.
Reception.
Critical reception for the novel was mostly positive, with Kirkus Reviews and the School Library Journal giving it starred reviews. The Independent gave a mostly positive review, stating that although Oliver is "an adept and occasionally courageous storyteller", the story was "somewhat exhausting".

</doc>
<doc id="36545025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545025" title="Stack Soap">
Stack Soap

Stack Soap is a personal care product developed to solve the issue of soap waste when an old bar of soap wears thin and would otherwise be discarded. Stack Soap implements a grooved stack design such as that used with Pringles chips to merge an old, thin bar of soap with a new one.
The concept was successfully pitched on Kickstarter in 2012, and the product was featured in various media outlets including Wired Magazine, The Atlantic, Gizmodo, and market research firm Mintel.

</doc>
<doc id="36545027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545027" title="Heights Tarn">
Heights Tarn

Heights Tarn, small lake to the east of Lake Windermere and north of Simpson Ground Reservoir, near Cartmel Fell, in the Lake District of Cumbria, England. Located at an altitude of 208 m (683 feet), the lake has an area of 1.5 hectares (3.8 acres), and measures 290m x 73m (680 x 260 feet). Although just off the main road, the lake is not accessible to the public, lying on private land and contains a boathouse on its eastern bank. About 400 metres to the south is Sow How Tarn.

</doc>
<doc id="36545037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545037" title="Driver rehabilitation">
Driver rehabilitation

Driver rehabilitation is a type of rehabilitation that helps individuals facing challenges caused by a disability or age to achieve safe, independent driving or transportation options through education or information dissemination. Professionals who work in the field use adaptive equipment and modified vehicles to help people attain independent transportation.
History.
Many driver rehabilitation programs began in the early 1970s through the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). The VA only offers driver rehabilitation services and funding to its veterans who seek transportation options.
, the VA offers driver rehabilitation services in 43 cities.
The field has since expanded beyond the VA to serve clients of all legal driving ages. The Association for Driver Rehabilitation Specialists (ADED) was founded in 1977 to support and advance the profession of driver rehabilitation. Thirty people, from ten states, attended ADED's first official meeting. The initial meeting determined the type of organizational structure, the official name, initial officers, standing committees, and membership fees. Today, ADED is the primary professional organization in the specialized area of driver rehabilitation.
The National Mobility Equipment Dealers Association was founded in 1989 to broaden the opportunities for people with disabilities to drive or be transported in vehicles modified with adaptive equipment.
In 2003, the American Occupational Therapy Association developed the Older Driver Initiative to develop services for older drivers. 
Practice.
The goal of driver rehabilitation is to aid individuals with disabilities or age-related impairments maintain independent driving and transportation. This maybe done through the use of specialized mobility equipment and training. The process begins with a clinical assessment of an individual's visual, visual-perceptual, cognitive, and physical skills that are necessary for driving. If the individual meets the criteria, an on-road assessment is conducted, in which the evaluator uses a vehicle equipped with adaptive driving equipment, as well as auxiliary brake and mirror on the passenger's side of the vehicle. Accommodations can be made via the use of mechanical or electronic steering, and acceleration and braking equipment, which are based on the results of the clinical assessment. If it is determined that the person has the potential to drive, training is offered to develop proficiency in using the mobility equipment. For novice drivers, driver's education is included in the services. Following training, a vehicle equipment prescription is provided, with a referral to a mobility equipment dealer for equipment installation. When the installation is completed, the vehicle is checked for proper fit, with additional training provided as needed.
In other instances, such as after an illness or injury, an assessment of the person's capacity for driving is required. No adaptive driving equipment may be needed; the focus is on identifying any changes in the person's sensory, motor, visual, perceptual, or cognitive ability. The clinical assessment is conducted first, followed by the on-road assessment, using a vehicle equipped with the passenger brake, mirror, and in some instances, an auxiliary steering wheel.
If an individual does not possess the ability to drive, they are often referred to other therapy programs, such as wheelchair seating programs, occupational therapy, vision therapy, physical therapy, or cognitive therapy.
For individuals who plan to be passengers only, driver rehabilitation evaluations are recommended to determine the person's ability to get in and out of the vehicle, the vehicle's appropriateness for safe transportation, and the safe transportation of mobility aids, e.g. scooters, manual or power wheelchairs, including proper securement of the mobility device. Recommendations for vehicle modifications may include the use of a wheelchair accessible van, wheelchair lift, or wheelchair ramp.
Personnel.
A driver rehabilitation specialist is a specialist who "plans, develops, coordinates and implements driving services for individuals with disabilities". Driver rehabilitation specialists work with physicians, allied health personnel, Department of Motor Vehicles personnel, and mobility equipment dealers.
Driver rehabilitation programs are offered in a variety of settings, such as rehabilitation hospitals, hospital outpatient therapy departments, veteran's hospitals, or as private driving schools. Professionals who work in this field are often members of ADED; where professional fields consist of:
Education and training.
Occupational therapists and driver educators comprise the two largest groups of professionals, with other professionals from the fields of rehabilitation counseling, physical therapy, kinesiotherapy, rehabilitation engineering, and psychology. Occupational therapists may utilize the term "driving rehabilitation" to reflect the profession's focus on the "occupation" of driving.
Many driver rehabilitation specialists obtain specialty certification from ADED by fulfilling education and experience qualifications and passing a certification exam, though certification is not required to practice driver rehabilitation. Those holding certification subscribe to educational and learning opportunities to maintain their credentials.

</doc>
<doc id="36545044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545044" title="Ibn Jumay‘">
Ibn Jumay‘

Abū al-Makārim Hibat Allāh ibn Zayn al-Dīn Ibn Jumay‘ (died 1198 / AH 594) was an Arab physician of Jewish origin.
Life.
Ibn Jumay‘ was born to a Jewish family in Fustat, Egypt. He studied with the physician Ibn al-‘Aynzarbī (died 1153/AH 548) and entered the service of Saladin. According to Ibn Abi Usaibia's "Lives of the Physicians", Ibn Jumay‘ wrote eight works on medical-related subjects. 
A contemporary of Moses Maimonides, Ibn Jumay‘ "became famous for having prevented a person having a cataleptic fit from being buried alive. He was the author of a number of medical writings, including "al-Irshād li-maṣāliḥ", dedicated to al-Baysanī, the vizier to Saladin, and completed by Ibn Jumay‘ al-Isrā’īlī's son Abū Tahir Ismā‘īl."

</doc>
<doc id="36545046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545046" title="Paonia Dam">
Paonia Dam

Paonia Dam is a dam in Gunnison County, Colorado.
The earthen dam was a project of the United States Bureau of Reclamation. Built between 1959 and 1962 for irrigation storage, it stands 199 feet high and 770 feet across at its crest. 
The lake it creates, Paonia Reservoir, has a surface area of 334 acres with a total capacity of 20,950 acre-feet and a normal capacity of 18,150 acre-feet. The recreational facilities of Paonia State Park include campsites, picnic sites and a boat ramp. Geologic formations from the Cretaceous and Paleocene periods are visible in the park, along with fossilized palm fronds and leaf imprints. Park uplands are gambel oak shrublands along with mixed conifer and aspen forests. Commonly seen wildlife includes, mule deer, elk, cottontail rabbit and marmot.

</doc>
<doc id="36545059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545059" title="SWEEPS J175853.92−291120.6">
SWEEPS J175853.92−291120.6

SWEEPS J175853.92-291120.6 is a star located in the constellation Sagittarius at a distance of 27,700 light-years from Earth. At least one planet is known to orbit the star.
Characteristics.
Little is known about the characteristics of SWEEPS J175853.92-291120.6 . The star has a magnitude of 18 with a mass of 1.24 solar masses and radius of 1.18 solar radii. The designation "SWEEPS J175853.92−291120.6" is named after the project SWEEPS, formally called the Sagittarius Window Eclipsing Extrasolar Planet Search. The project also found its planetary companion.
Planetary system.
In 2006, a group of astronomers working on the SWEEPS program announced the discovery of the planet SWEEPS-04 in the system. The planet is a gas giant, close at to the parent star at 0.05 AU. The planet is classified as a hot Jupiter due to its proximity to the parent star. The planet was discovered through the transit method.

</doc>
<doc id="36545062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545062" title="Imperial Call">
Imperial Call

Imperial Call (foaled 21 February 1989) was an Irish racehorse. He was a specialist steeplechaser who ran thirty-two times and won sixteen races under National Hunt rules. After showing promise as a hurdler and novice chaser, Imperial Call emerged as a top class jumper with a win in the Hennessy Gold Cup in February 1996. A month later he became the first Irish-trained horse for ten years to win Britain's most prestigious steeplechase, the Cheltenham Gold Cup. His subsequent career was disrupted by injury problems but he won further major races including the Punchestown Chase in 1998 and the Punchestown Gold Cup in 1999. Unlike most modern racehorses, Imperial Call was not a Thoroughbred.
Background.
Imperial Call was a "leggy, sparely made" brown horse bred in County Wexford, Ireland by T. A. O'Donnell. He was sired by the successful National Hunt stallion Callernish out of the mare Princess Menelek. As Princess Menelek's great-grandmother Friend Galee was of unknown parentage neither she, nor any of her offspring were Thoroughbreds.
As a three-year-old gelding, Imperial Call was consigned by the Redpender Stud to the Tattersalls sales in June 1992, where he was sold for a cash bid of 6,000 guineas. A year later, Imperial Call was sold by the bloodstock dealer Tom Costello to Lisselan Farms Ltd and was sent into training with Fergie Sutherland at his stables at Killinaridish, County Cork. Sutherland was a sixty-year old Scot who had lost a leg in the Korean War. He had trained winners at Royal Ascot in the 1950s before moving to his family estate in Ireland to train jumpers. Imperial Call was ridden in most of his early races by Gerry O'Neill.
Racing career.
1993–1995: early career.
Imperial Call began his racing career as a four-year-old in 1993. After finishing seventh on his debut he recorded his first win by taking a Novice Hurdle race at Limerick by fifteen lengths.
After the summer break Imperial Call competed against experienced hurdlers in the 1993/1994 season. He ran five times, winning races at Limerick, Gowran Park and Leopardstown Racecourse. In January he finished second by a short head in a handicap race at Naas Racecourse in which he was carrying ten pounds more than the winner, Dorans Pride.
In the 1994/1995 season, Imperial Call tackled larger obstacles as he competed in steeplechases. He won three more races including the Grade III Nas Na Riogh Novice Chase at Naas. Sutherland chose not to send Imperial Call to the 1995 Cheltenham Festival as he felt that the horse needed more time to develop. On his final appearance of the year he contested the Grade I Power Gold Cup at Fairyhouse Racecourse. Racing against some of the leading Irish novice chasers, he finished third of the nine runners behind Strong Platinum and Sound Man.
1995–1997: Gold Cup years.
Imperial Call began the 1995/1996 at Clonmel in November. He took the lead two fences from the finish of the Grade III Morris Oil Chase and drew clear of the opposition to win easily. His challenge for the Grade I Punchestown Chase later in the month was short-lived as he fell at the first fence. In January, carrying 156 pounds he won a handicap at Leopardstown, beating Strong Platinum, who was carrying twelve pounds more. Imperial Call's third attempt at Grade I level came in the Hennessy Cognac Gold Cup in February, a race for which the British-trained Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Master Oats was made favourite. Ridden for the first time by Conor O'Dwyer, Imperial Call led from the start and recovered from a bad mistake at the last fence to win by six lengths from the British champion.
At Cheltenham Racecourse on 14 March, Imperial Call started 9/2 second favourite for the Gold Cup in a field of ten runners. The Northern-trained grey One Man was made 11/8 favourite despite concerns that he would be ineffective over the distance of three and a quarter miles. O'Dwyer restrained the Irish gelding in the early stages before moving up to join the leaders on the second circuit. He took the lead four fences from the finish and turned into the straight with One Man challenging on the outside. The grey soon weakened and dropped away as Imperial Call stayed on strongly to win by four lengths from the future Grand National winner Rough Quest. Couldn't Be Better was nineteen lengths further back in third, whilst One Man finish a tired sixth. The win was the first for an Irish horse since Dawn Run in 1986 and provoked scenes of wild celebration, with the crowd waving flags and singing the Cork anthem "The Banks Of My Own Lovely Lee". O'Dwyer waved an Irish Tricolour as he rode the horse to the winner's enclosure where he was tossed into the air by wellwishers. When asked for his comments, Sutherland at first struggled for words but then said: "He put them in their place didn't he. I've thought this horse could win a Gold Cup since he was five and he has improved every day this year."
The 1996/1997 season proved a major disappointment for Imperial Call's supporters. On his seasonal debut he fell at the last fence of the Punchestown Chase in December although he was not hurt and was remounted to finish a remote fourth to Royal Mountbrowne. In February he was beaten more than twenty lengths when third to Danoli in the Hennessy Gold Cup. Despite his unimpressive form he was made 4/1 favourite for the Cheltenham Gold Cup after reportedly delighting Sutherland in a training gallop at Tralee. He was never in contention, made a bad mistake at the eighteenth fence, and was tailed off when O'Dwyer pulled him up before the next obstacle.
1997–1999: later career.
The early part of the 1997/1998 season saw improved form from Imperial Call. After finishing second in his first two races he easily defeated Merry Gale in the Ericsson Chase at Leopardstown in December to record his first win in 21 months. According to "The Independent", the gelding jumped impeccably and was strongly fancied for a repeat win at Cheltenham in March. His season ended in February, however, when he was virtually pulled up and finished lame behind Dorans Pride in the Hennessy Gold Cup.
Fergus Sutherland retired in 1998 and the training of Imperial Call was taken over by the twenty-three-year-old Raymond Hurley. Shortly afterwards, it was reported that Imperial Call would be auctioned at Doncaster in July, but he was subsequently withdrawn from the sale.
On October 18, Imperial Call returned in the Munster National Handicap Chase. He carried top weight of 168 pounds and won easily despite conceding at least twenty-six pounds to his opponents. He was beaten when odds-on favourite for the Cork Grand National, but then defeated the leading racemare Opera Hat (winner of the Melling Chase) at Naas, winning by fifteen lengths. In December, he won the Punchestown Chase at his third attempt, leading from the start and jumping with speed and accuracy to beat Dorans Pride for the first time in four meetings. At the end of the year he was sent to England to contest the King George VI Chase at Kempton Park, but after disputing the lead for much of the way he tired badly in the closing stages and finished a distant third of four finishers behind Teeton Mill and Escartefigue. Imperial Call missed the Cheltenham Festival but returned in April for the inaugural running of the Punchestown Gold Cup. Ridden by Ruby Walsh he started at odds of 8/1 in a five horse field against Florida Pearl, Dorans Pride, Opera Hat and Escartefigue. Imperial Call led from the start and recorded his biggest win for three years as he finished fourteen lengths clear of Florida Pearl. The "Irish Independent" described Imperial Call's victory as a "majestic display". whilst the "Racing Post" reported that the winner was given a rapturous reception form the large crowd after one of the best ever performances.
On his first start of the 1999/2000 season Imperial Call started favourite for the Powers Gold Label Champion Chase at Gowran Park in October. He was never travelling well and finished the race lame in his right foreleg. Imperial Call remained in training until 2001 but never recovered fitness and did not race again.
Retirement.
Imperial Call spent his retirement in West Cork and was reportedly still living there in 2009.
Assessment and honours.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Imperial Call a "superior" Gold Cup winner and the twenty-fourth best steeplechaser of the 20th century.
The Imperial Call Chase is run at Cork Racecourse in honour of the local champion.

</doc>
<doc id="36545069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545069" title="Abderaz">
Abderaz

Abderaz (, also Romanized as Ābderāz and Āb Darāz) is a village in Golbibi Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 552, in 132 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36545071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545071" title="25 Churchill Place">
25 Churchill Place

25 Churchill Place is a skyscraper under construction in the eastern part of the London financial district Canary Wharf. The building is expected to be completed by 2014.
Planning.
Canary Wharf Group applied to Tower Hamlets for planning permission to construct a 23 storey building at 25 Churchill Place, E14 in April 2008. Permission was granted in November 2008. When completed, the building will stand 130m tall and will have 19 floors of Grade A office space. The building will house the European Medicines Agency from early 2014 and Ernst & Young from 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="36545082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545082" title="I.M. Terrell High School">
I.M. Terrell High School

I.M Terrell High School was a secondary school located in Fort Worth, Texas. The school opened in 1882 as the city's first black school, during the era of formal racial segregation in the United States. The high school closed in 1973, although the building reopened as an elementary school in 1998.
History.
In 1882, Isaiah Milligan Terrell (1859–1931) became the head of East Ninth Street Colored School, the first free public school for African Americans in Fort Worth. Terrell became Principal and Superintendent of Colored Schools in 1890. In 1906, the school moved to a location at East Twelfth and Steadman Streets, and was renamed North Side Colored School No. 11. A new school building opened in 1910, with Terrell as principal. In 1915, Terrell left the school to become an administrator at Prairie View State Normal and Industrial College (now Prairie View A&M University). The school was renamed I.M Terrell High School in 1921, in honor of the former principal.
In 1938, the school moved to an existing structure (a former white elementary school) at 1411 East Eighteenth Street in the Baptist Hill neighborhood. The building was expanded as part of a Works Progress Administration project. The school's former location became an elementary and junior high school.
In 1940, the Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools for Negroes (ACSSN) selected I.M. Terrell High School to participate as an experimental site in the Secondary School Study (also known as the Black High School Study). The study, funded by the General Education Board, sought to include African American teachers in the development of progressive education. According to the study, by the 1940s the school had 26 faculty members serving 900 students in grades 9 through 11.
In addition to serving students in Fort Worth, the school drew students from areas outside the city, including Arlington, Bedford, Benbrook, Burleson, Roanoke, and Weatherford, where African American children could not attend school.
I.M. Terrell High School closed in 1973 during racial integration of Fort Worth's schools. The building reopened in 1998 as I.M. Terrell Elementary School. In 2004, the portion of East Eighteenth Street around the school was renamed I.M. Terrell Circle South.
Music program.
G.A. Baxter was the school's music instructor during the mid-twentieth century, when several students who would later become prominent jazz and rhythm and blues musicians attended the school. Various accounts portray Baxter as encouraging his students "to push the boundaries of sound," or as "a stern band director who hated jazz." Free jazz innovator Ornette Coleman was in the school band until he was dismissed for improvising during "The Washington Post." Fellow musicians John Carter, King Curtis, Prince Lasha, Charles Moffett, and Dewey Redman all attended I.M. Terrell with Coleman. Julius Hemphill, Ronald Shannon Jackson, Cornell Dupree, Billy Tom Robinson, Thomas Reese and Ray Sharpe also graduated from I.M. Terrell.
Athletic program.
From 1951 until 1966, I.M. Terrell High School was part of the Prairie View Interscholastic League, which reintegrated with the University Interscholastic League in 1970. Robert Hughes, who became the United States' winningest high school basketball coach in 2003, coached the basketball team at Terrell from 1958 until the school's closure.

</doc>
<doc id="36545093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545093" title="2006 Ginetta Junior Championship season">
2006 Ginetta Junior Championship season

The 2006 PlayStation 2 Ginetta Junior Championship season was the second season of the Ginetta Junior Championship. The season began at Snetterton on 1 April and concluded after 14 races over 7 events at Thruxton on 1 October.
Race calendar and results.
† Non championship round
Drivers' Championship.
† Non championship round

</doc>
<doc id="36545095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545095" title="Secret (EP)">
Secret (EP)

Secret EP is an EP by the American indie rock band Sebadoh, released on July 23, 2012. The EP was not released on a label and was made available for digital download on the online music store Bandcamp. The EP was recorded from March to July 2012 at Indietopia in Glendale, California. "Secret EP" is the Sebadoh's first new material in fourteen years since the band's previous album "The Sebadoh" (1999).
Recording.
Sebadoh began recording "Secret EP" on March 29, 2012 at frontman Lou Barlow's rehearsal space. Updates from the recording sessions were posted by band member Jason Loewenstein on his official Blogger. The basic tracks for eleven potential songs were completed by April 10. In May, the band began the second and final recording sessions and by June the band began mixing the EP and recording overdubs. On July 18, the band announced on its official Facebook page that mixing had been completed and the tracks were going to be mastered the following day. The recording sessions were produced and engineered by Lowenstein.
Release.
"Secret EP" was released on July 23, 2012. The EP was released as a digital download on the online music store Bandcamp in MP3 and FLAC formats. The band posted release notes with the download calling the EP "new songs for 2012, a taste of our upcoming 2013 album" but confirmed none of the songs would be featured on the album. The band also stated that proceeds from the EP's sales will "help us continue working on the LP and remain as independent as possible," adding that CD copies of the EP will be available for sale during the band's tour in support of "Secret EP".
Tour.
Sebadoh are due to tour to support the release of "Secret EP". The North American tour begins in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on August 7, 2012 and concludes in New York, New York on August 28.
Personnel.
All personnel credits adapted from the album's online release notes.

</doc>
<doc id="36545098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545098" title="Bradhurst Schieffelin">
Bradhurst Schieffelin

Bradhurst Schieffelin (born New York City, 21 September 1824; died Staten Island, 9 March 1909) was a United States druggist and activist.
Biography.
He was the son of Henry Hamilton Schieffelin and Maria Teresa (Bradhurst) Schieffelin, and was educated in New York City. He entered the wholesale drug manufacturing concern founded by his grandfather Jacob Schieffelin in 1794. In 1846, he became known as an advocate for equal suffrage for all males in New York. In 1860, he introduced petroleum commercially.
During the American Civil War, he organized a committee of prominent citizens for consultation with and support of President Lincoln. In the financial troubles succeeding the war, he was active in charities: he fed and sheltered thousands of destitute people at his own expense. He organized the Bread and Shelter Society for sending destitute persons from cities to rural districts for their self-support.
With Charles O'Conor and Horace Greeley, he formulated a petition introduced into the United States Congress by Roscoe Conkling for the prevention of the appropriation for the use of religious corporations of public moneys or property. He was affiliated with the People's Party, whose platform he helped to draft. He believed that no republic can exist where wealth is allowed to accumulate in the hands of a small minority, and favored a law limiting inheritance. In 1883 he was nominated by his party for state senator from the 10th district of New York City, but failed to be elected.
He died at his home, and was buried in the Moravian Cemetery in New Dorp, New York. He was survived by his wife, Lucy Dodge Schieffelin, originally of Montpelier, Vermont.

</doc>
<doc id="36545102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545102" title="Leslie MacDill">
Leslie MacDill

Colonel Leslie MacDill was a United States Army Air Corps officer. MacDill Air Force Base is named in his honor. Colonel MacDill was one of aviation’s early pioneers.
Biography.
Colonel MacDill was born at Monmouth, Illinois on 18 February 1889. Following his graduation in 1909 from Hanover College with an A.B. degree, and from the University of Indiana in 1911 with an A.M. degree, he was commissioned from civilian life as a Second Lieutenant, Coast Artillery Corps on 13 April 1912.
He served with the 6th Company, Coast Artillery Corps from 10 December 1912, until his detail in 1914 in the Aviation Section, Signal Corps. Upon completion of his flying training at the Signal Corps Aviation School at San Diego, California, he was rated a Junior Military Aviator on 2 July 1915, which automatically advanced him to the rank of First Lieutenant. He was promoted to Captain on 15 May 1917; to Major 1 July 1920; to Lieutenant Colonel 1 August 1935; and to Colonel on 26 August 1936.
Death.
Colonel MacDill died as the result of an airplane crash on the morning of 9 November 1938, in Washington D.C. The accident occurred several minutes after his take off from Bolling Field in a BC-1 aircraft.
Accounts pieced together from numerous eyewitnesses indicated that something went wrong with the motor. Colonel MacDill first tried to get back to Bolling Field, and then with death staring him in the face, aimed his plane for a narrow space between two houses. The descending plane cut down telephone and power wires, knocked down a pole, clipped off tree limbs, plunged to the ground and burst into flames. Colonel MacDill and his passenger Private Joseph G. Gloxner were killed instantly.

</doc>
<doc id="36545108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545108" title="Basho Sings">
Basho Sings

Basho Sings is the third album of composer Robbie Basho, released in 1967 through Takoma Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36545109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545109" title="Ertinj">
Ertinj

Ertinj (, also Romanized as Ertīnj and Ertnīj) is a village in Golbibi Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 18, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36545121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545121" title="Bid Sukhteh, Razavi Khorasan">
Bid Sukhteh, Razavi Khorasan

Bid Sukhteh (, also Romanized as Bīd Sūkhteh) is a village in Golbibi Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 59, in 15 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36545122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545122" title="Meyer Feldberg">
Meyer Feldberg

Meyer Feldberg was the dean of Columbia Business School from 1989 to 2004. He also served as the president of the Illinois Institute of Technology from 1987 to 1989.
Early life and career.
Feldberg was born in Johannesburg, South Africa. He obtained a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from the University of Witwatersrand in 1962, a Master of Business Administration from Columbia University in 1965, and a Ph.D in Management Strategy from the University of Cape Town in 1968.
In 1972, Feldberg was appointed the Dean of University of Cape Town's Graduate School of Business. Then, in 1979, he became an associate dean at Northwestern University's business school. Shortly thereafter, Feldberg was appointed dean of Tulane University's school of business. Later, in 1987, he became president of the Illinois Institute of Technology. In 1989, he was appointed Dean of Columbia Business School, stepping down from that position in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36545126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545126" title="Marinella &amp; Voskopoulos">
Marinella &amp; Voskopoulos

Marinella & Voskopoulos (Greek: "Μαρινέλλα & Βοσκόπουλος") is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singers Marinella and Tolis Voskopoulos. It was released in 1974 by Minos EMI in Greece. This album was issued in mono and stereo. The stereo version of this album was released on CD in 1994 by EMI.

</doc>
<doc id="36545129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545129" title="Bid Sukhteh">
Bid Sukhteh

Bid Sukhteh or Bidsukhteh or Bid-e Sukhteh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36545134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545134" title="Malcolm Gray">
Malcolm Gray

Malcolm Alexander Gray (born 30 May 1940) is an Australia cricket administrator. He served as President of the International Cricket Council between 2000 and 2003. He was the first and to date only Australian to serve in the post.

</doc>
<doc id="36545138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545138" title="Bazangan">
Bazangan

Bazangan (, also Romanized as Bazangān and Bezangān; also known as Bezamgān) is a village in Golbibi Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,697, in 915 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36545147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545147" title="Chenar Sukhteh, Sarakhs">
Chenar Sukhteh, Sarakhs

Chenar Sukhteh (, also Romanized as Chenār Sūkhteh) is a village in Golbibi Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 87, in 19 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36545160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545160" title="Derakht-e Bid-e Olya">
Derakht-e Bid-e Olya

Derakht-e Bid-e Olya (, also Romanized as Derakht-e Bīd-e ‘Olyā; also known as Derakht-e Bīd-e Bālā) is a village in Golbibi Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 38, in 11 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36545163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545163" title="Ravensbarrow Lodge">
Ravensbarrow Lodge

Ravensbarrow Lodge is a small country lodge in Cartmel Fell, Cumbria, to the east of Lake Windermere. It is located just to the southeast of St Anthony's Church, surrounded by woodland. It was owned by James B. Cockerton, associated with The Kennel Club, in the late 19th century. Its owner as of 1998 was M. C. Bentley. The white painted house has recently undergone extensive renovation and now appears to be the headquarters of Captured Elements Ltd, a local Solar Panel Installer company. The lodge takes its name from a nearby cairn, which is locally known as Ravensbarrow or Rainsbarrow Old Man. 

</doc>
<doc id="36545172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545172" title="Derakht-e Bid-e Sofla">
Derakht-e Bid-e Sofla

Derakht-e Bid-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Derakht-e Bīd-e Soflá; also known as Derakht-e Bīd-e Pā’īn) is a village in Golbibi Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 67, in 19 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36545173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545173" title="2012–13 Women's EHF Cup">
2012–13 Women's EHF Cup

The 2012–13 Women's EHF Cup was the 32nd edition of the competition, running from 13 October 2012 to May 2013.
2010–11 runner-up Team Tvis Holstebro defeated Metz HB in the final overcoming a home 4-goals loss to win its first international trophy and the third win for Denmark in four years. They previously defeated defending champion Lada Togliatti in the round of 16 and FC Midtjylland, which defeated them in the 2011 final, in the semifinals. Metz, which defeated the previous season's runner-up HC Zalău in the semifinals, was the first French team to reach the competition's final since 1993. 

</doc>
<doc id="36545176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545176" title="Alcuin's sequence">
Alcuin's sequence

In mathematics, Alcuin's sequence, named after Alcuin of York, is the sequence of coefficients of the power-series expansion of:
The sequence begins with these integers:
The "n"th term is the number of triangles with integer sides and perimeter "n". It is also the number of triangles with "distinct" integer sides and perimeter "n" + 6, i.e. number of triples ("a", "b", "c") such that 1 ≤ "a" < "b" < "c" < "a" + "b", "a" + "b" + "c" = "n" + 6.
If one deletes the three leading zeros, then it is the number of ways in which "n" empty casks, "n" casks half-full of wine and "n" full casks can be distributed to three persons in such a way that each one gets the same number of casks and the same amount of wine.

</doc>
<doc id="36545180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545180" title="List of state leaders in 497 BC">
List of state leaders in 497 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36545189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545189" title="Buried Secrets">
Buried Secrets

Buried Secrets may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36545195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545195" title="Jahangir-e Olya">
Jahangir-e Olya

Jahangir-e Olya (, also Romanized as Jahāngīr-e ‘Olyā; also known as Jahāngīr) is a village in Golbibi Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 62, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36545206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545206" title="Tennessee State Route 111">
Tennessee State Route 111

State Route 111 is a north–south highway in Middle and East Tennessee. The road begins in Soddy-Daisy and ends north of Byrdstown in the community of Static, at the Tennessee/Kentucky state line. The length is .
Route description.
The highway begins at an intersection with U.S. Highway 27/SR-29 in Soddy-Daisy. SR-111 travels generally northeast before it crosses into Sequatchie County. It then proceeds over Walden Ridge and into the Sequatchie Valley, where it starts a concurrency with SR-8 in Dunlap. The concurrency goes up the Cumberland Plateau and into the northern part of the county where SR-8 splits off and continues to McMinnville. SR-111 turns north at this point and crosses into Van Buren County.
In Van Buren County, the highway travels through the small town of Spencer, passing just west of Fall Creek Falls State Park, and continues into White County at the Caney Fork River. In this area SR-111 runs a brief concurrency with SR-285. The highway then proceeds north as Harold "Mose" Sims Memorial Highway and joins the concurrency of U.S. Route 70S/SR-1. The concurrency continues to the east side of Sparta, at which point the highways split up and SR-111 continues north into Putnam County.
Entering Putnam by crossing the Falling Water River, the highway runs a brief concurrency with SR-136 before continuing north and passing through eastern Cookeville. Here it intersects Interstate 40 and U.S. Route 70N as it turns north-northeastward and into the town of Algood. After passing Algood, SR-111 turns northeastward and enters Overton County.
In Overton, SR-111 becomes Cookeville Highway and then Veterans Memorial Parkway as it approaches Livingston. It becomes a bypass around the northwest of town, and then becomes Bradford Hicks Drive before exiting Livingston and continuing northeast as Brydstown Highway. It crosses into Pickett County and becomes Livingstorn Highway. Then, it crosses the Obey River and enters Byrdstown.
After traversing Byrdstown, the highway continues northeastward as Robert H. Roberts Memorial Highway before ending at U.S. Highway 127/SR-28 in Static, just yards from the Tennessee-Kentucky state line. From this intersection, US-127 runs northwestward to Albany, Kentucky, and southeastward toward Jamestown, Tennessee, while KY-1076 continues northeastward, in the direction of Monticello, Kentucky.
History.
Tennessee State Route 111 existed by 1938 but only as a short portion of the current TN 111 route between the town of Spencer in Van Buren County and Doyle in White County and maintained this alignment at least through 1951. By 1963, it had been extended south from Spencer to the Tennessee State Route 8 junction in Sequatchie County north of Cagle. Between 1975 and 1978, TN 111 was extended north to Cookeville replacing Tennessee State Route 42 in that section. Around 1992, it had been extended both northward over the remainder of the path of TN 42 to Static and, around 1995, southward to US 27 between Soddy-Daisy and Bakewell.

</doc>
<doc id="36545209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545209" title="German submarine U-212">
German submarine U-212

German submarine "U-212" was a Type VIIC U-boat that served with the "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. Laid down on 17 May 1941 as 'werk' 641 at F. Krupp Germaniawerft in Kiel, she was launched on 11 March 1942 and commissioned on 25 April under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Helmut Vogler.
She began her service career in training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla. She was transferred to the 11th flotilla on 1 October 1942, the 13th flotilla on 1 June 1943 and the 3rd flotilla on 1 November.
She was a member of 13 wolf packs. She carried out fifteen patrols, but sank only one ship.
She was sunk by British warships in July 1944.
Service history.
1st to 6th patrols.
Her first six patrols were of little interest; being confined to the waters of the north: around Iceland, Greenland, Bear Island and Jan Mayen Island. In that time (September 1942–July 1943), she was based at Narvik, Bergen and Hammerfest in Norway.
7th patrol.
It was during this sortie that the boat could claim her only victim; the Soviet "Majakovski", sunk by a mine on 5 August 1943, laid by "U-212" on 31 July.
8th patrol.
The submarine departed Bergen and Norwegian waters, on 11 October 1943. Passing through the gap between Iceland and the Faroe Islands, she headed for Newfoundland, docking at La Pallice / La Rochelle in occupied France, on 2 December.
9th patrol.
Patrol number nine was "U-212"s longest, at 63 days.
She was strafed by an unidentified Leigh Light - equipped aircraft on 14 January 1944. The 37mm AA gun malfunctioned after just one round was fired and the barrel of a 20mm weapon burst. No damage was inflicted by the air attack on the outbound U-boat.
On 25 February 1944, she met to transfer some radar detection equipment. Both submarines were caught on the surface by an unidentified Catalina flying boat. "U-549" dived immediately, but "U-212" chose to put up some resistance before joining her sister. The boat was not damaged.
She was also unsuccessfully attacked by an unidentified B-24 Liberator on 8 March while inbound.
10th patrol.
If her ninth foray was her longest, her tenth and thirteenth outings were the shortest - three days each. They both started and finished in La Pallice.
11th patrol.
This mission was also cut short; while sailing to interfere with the D-Day landings, the boat was attacked by two 57mm Tsetse cannon-firing Mosquitoes of No. 228 Squadron RAF. "U-212" returned to base for repairs on 9 June 1944.
12th, 13th and 14th patrols.
The boat did not get out of the Bay of Biscay, moving to Brest at the end of her fourteenth effort.
15th patrol and loss.
She left France for the last time on 5 July 1944. She was sunk south of Brighton in the English Channel on 21 July by depth charges dropped from the British frigates and .
Forty-nine men died; there were no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="36545210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545210" title="List of state leaders in 496 BC">
List of state leaders in 496 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36545223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545223" title="Yekkeh Bid">
Yekkeh Bid

Yekkeh Bid (, also Romanized as Yekkeh Bīd) is a village in Golbibi Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 98, in 26 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36545227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545227" title="Karizak, Sarakhs">
Karizak, Sarakhs

Karizak (, also Romanized as Kārīzak) is a village in Golbibi Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 129, in 34 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36545232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545232" title="List of state leaders in 495 BC">
List of state leaders in 495 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36545242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545242" title="Kalateh-ye Avaz">
Kalateh-ye Avaz

Kalateh-ye Avaz (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye ‘Avaẕ and Kalāteh ‘Avaz; also known as Asadābād and Kalāteh-ye Asad) is a village in Golbibi Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 764, in 181 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36545246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545246" title="Kalateh-ye Asad">
Kalateh-ye Asad

Kalateh-ye Asad (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Asad) is a village in Meyami Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,125, in 297 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36545254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36545254" title="Qerqereh">
Qerqereh

Qerqereh (, also Romanized as Ghorghoreh and Qorqoreh) is a village in Golbibi Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 145, in 37 families. 

</doc>
