<doc id="36805474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805474" title="921st Tactical Airlift Group">
921st Tactical Airlift Group

The 921st Tactical Airlift Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 433d Tactical Airlift Wing, based at Kelly Air Force Base, Texas. It was inactivated on 1 November 1994.
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population. 
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments. 
As a result, the 921st Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The group was one of three C-119 groups assigned to the 433d TCW in 1963, the others being the 922d Troop Carrier Group, also at Kelly AFB, and the 923d Troop Carrier Group at Carswell Air Force Base, Texas.
Ordered to active duty during the Vietnam War in January 1968, the unit was assigned to the 349th MAW at Travis AFB, California, although the group's headquarters remained at Kelly AFB. The group flew missions to numerous places including England, South Vietnam, South Korea, Thailand, Japan, as well as numerous bases in the United States. In November 1968, the reservists were informed that their active duty service would be reduced from 24 months to 18 months, the unit was returned to reserve service on 1 June 1969.
In 1971, the groups aged Flying Boxcars were retired, and replaced by more modern C-130A Hercules transports. It participated in conducting the USAF's C-130A model Hercules pilot, navigator, flight engineer and loadmaster school. It also trained for tactical airlift missions, participating in joint training exercises. It provided airlift of Department of Defense personnel, supplies, and equipment worldwide. Inactivated in November 1974, with personnel and aircraft being assigned directly to the 433d TAW.

</doc>
<doc id="36805483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805483" title="Rosalind Reekie-May">
Rosalind Reekie-May

Rosalind (Roz) Reekie-May formerly Reekie (born 1972) is a road cyclist from New Zealand.
At the 1992 Summer Olympics at Barcelona she came 49th in the Road Race. 
At the 2000 Summer Olympics at Sydney she came 36th in the Road Race. 
At the 2002 Commonwealth Games at Montreal she came 5th in the Road Race.

</doc>
<doc id="36805495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805495" title="Les Hanois">
Les Hanois

Les Hanois reef, a group of rocks to the south-west of Guernsey also known as Hanoveaux, are the westernmost point of the Channel Islands. It is the location of the Les Hanois Lighthouse operated by Trinity House.

</doc>
<doc id="36805501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805501" title="MYLAPS Sports Timing">
MYLAPS Sports Timing

MYLAPS Sports Timing is a Dutch manufacturer of sports timing systems, creating equipment for both active sports such as running, triathlon and bicycle racing and motorized sports like car racing and kart racing. The company is based in Haarlem, Netherlands.
History.
AMB i.t..
AMB i.t. was founded in Haarlem, Netherlands in 1982 to keep track of the results in radio-controlled car racing, creating the world's first automatic sports timing system. In 1990 the first automatic timing systems for professional car and bike racing were being implemented by the company. AMB i.t. introduced personal transponders in 1996, what meant that racers no longer needed to rent a transponder at every event in which they participated but have their own. In 2000, the company introduced the first multi-loop timing system which enabled intermediate timing points at the track, giving racers and their teams insight in their intermediate times. In 2003, AMB i.t. launched a website at which race organizers could publish their event results and track owners and racing clubs could publish results of practice sessions, called mylaps.com.
ChampionChip.
ChampionChip was founded in 1993 in Nijmegen, Netherlands. This company created the first timing system for mass running events, of which the Zevenheuvelenloop was the very first and the Berlin Marathon in 1994 was the first big international race in which the ChampionChip system was used. ChampionChip introduced a new product called TimePoint in 2007: permanently timed tracks in public places such as parks or other public sports facilities. TimePoints are installed on different places throughout the world, including the Netherlands, Mexico and Sweden.
MYLAPS Sports Timing.
The companies merged to MYLAPS Sports Timing in 2008 - which was already a well-known name in motorized racing as mylaps.com was AMB i.t.'s website at which racing results were being published.
Products.
Active sports.
MYLAPS supplies different systems for different types of sports, differed by each sport's requirements (for example velocity and weight demands). In active sports, three main systems can be distinguished: the ChampionChip system, the ProChip system and the BibTag system. Together, these systems provide timing for running events, bicycle racing, triathlon, swimming, ice skating and more.
Motorized sports.
Timing systems for motorized racing are differed mainly by velocity. MYLAPS provides systems for car racing, bike racing, motocross, snocross, kart racing, radio-controlled vehicle racing and more.
MYLAPS users.
MYLAPS timing systems are used worldwide by many sports events, racing series and race tracks worldwide, including:

</doc>
<doc id="36805526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805526" title="Noah Sheldon">
Noah Sheldon

Noah Sheldon (born 1975, Fort Wayne, Indiana) is a U.S. photographer and artist based in Shanghai and New York City.
Sheldon studied at the New England Conservatory of Music and Sarah Lawrence College, graduating with a BA in 1998, and completed his MFA in 2000 at Columbia University in New York. 
Sheldon's art work has been exhibited in galleries and museums in the U.S. and abroad, including ICA, MoMA PS1, D'amelio Terras, and Cherry and Martin. In a New York Times review of his solo exhibition at the New York city gallery D’Amelio Terras, art critic Roberta Smith praised Sheldon's approach to his subject by observing, "Mr. Sheldon is skilled at separating beauty from the material world while reminding us that it is just about everywhere." 
He is the photographer behind the United Bamboo cat calendars - Other commercial clients have included Apple, Arup, Bank of America, Citibank, GE, HP, New Balance, Nike, United Bamboo, and United Technologies. 
His editorial work has appeared in Blind Spot (magazine), Dwell, Details, Inc., Bon Appetite, New York Magazine, Architectural Record, Rolling Stone, and Tokion, among many others. Sheldon is also responsible for Far East Broadway - a photo per day project. 

</doc>
<doc id="36805541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805541" title="Market surveillance">
Market surveillance

Market surveillance for products ensures that products on the market are in conformity with the applicable law. This helps foster trust from consumers buying products or financial services. It also ensures consumers or professionals do not get injured or worse from non-compliant products. It helps companies which comply to stay in business and not lose market share to rogue traders.
In Europe.
In the European Union Member States are responsible for market surveillance. Their action is done under the hat of The European Commission regulations about product safety for consumer products and other regulations for professional products. Regulation 765-2008 applies for consumer products and Regulation 882-2004 applies for food products. For medicines studies are carried out. Toys 
At European Union level three Directorates General are in charge: Health and consumers, Enterprise and Customs.
EFTA is also putting efforts in market surveillance
Prosafe is an organisation that helps European Market Surveillance authorities cooperate better. The European Commission financially supports its activities. Prosafe is active in training, better communication between Member States and also does Joint Actions (JA) that bring together some Member States to control the same products at the same period, like lighters, lawnmowers or sunbeds.
For consumer goods an information system about dangerous goods has been set up, which is called RAPEX. Every week, one can see which products were voluntarily recalled or which were retrieved from the market by the authorities. 
RAPEX is one element of the General Product Safety Directive (GPSD) which ensures high level of protection of consumers by stating key elements for the safety of the products.
ADCO stand for Administrative Cooperation Group. Representatives of Member States meet to exchange information and discuss about issues regarding the implementation of the directive(s) followed by the working group. The European Commission is also present. ADCO groups discuss about specific laws like PED or EMC Electro Magnetic Compatibility and also LVD.
The European industry is now asking for more market surveillance, be it from companies or the industry associations.
Market surveillance and border controls are essential to fulfil policy goals such as health and safety of end-users, protection of the environment and establishment of a fair level playing field among economic operators.
If market surveillance fails to fulfil its function, non compliant products circulate freely in the internal market, posing risk to end-users. Moreover, lawful manufacturers face unfair competition from rogue traders who simply do not invest in product compliance and traceability, who add between 2% to 25% on product costs (depending on the product category). It is also estimated that a high percentage of cases of non-compliance in certain product categories discredit the image of all the products of this kind, even the compliant ones.
An Industry Support platform was launched in 2011 - The web-platform is designed to serve as a resource database of technical documents from European machinery industries. Information is available by sector and will be made available in several languages. In addition, the website is enriched with testimonials from industrialists and any other relevant information market surveillance.
European machinery industries which link up in this initiative show firm commitment to help improve market surveillance for capital goods in the EU. This voluntary initiative should be seen as complementary to governmental efforts under the EU’s New Legislative Framework for marketing of products. It testifies to the commitment of industry to help maintain high levels of health, safety and environmental standards and ensure a level playing field in the single market.
The European customs are now more involved in market surveillance and with the Regulation 768/2008 are drafting guidelines to check in a more efficient manner products entering the European market.
Lack of market surveillance.
Market surveillance is key to a level playing field competition for companies and is vital for consumer safety.
The lack of market surveillance has been pointed out by many players in Europe, especially in France by a member of the Parliament. At the European Parliament voices are also heard about the risk posed to the single market by the lack of market surveillance 
Some articles conformity is easy to check like clothes but some industrial products are difficult to check due to lack of time or lack of knowledge from market surveillance authorities.
The amount of products arriving each day for example in Europe is extremely high.

</doc>
<doc id="36805565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805565" title="Northern Borders University">
Northern Borders University


</doc>
<doc id="36805567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805567" title="KRAT">
KRAT

KRAT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36805584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805584" title="Craig Jones (footballer born 1987)">
Craig Jones (footballer born 1987)

Craig Jones (born 20 March 1987) is an English-born Welsh footballer who plays as a midfielder for League Two club Bury. He is also club captain at Bury .He is a 3 times Welsh Premier League champion. Craig is recognised for his quick pace and accurate passing, and plays on both the right and left wings, as well as in an integral, central role, behind the forward line. He previously played for Welsh clubs Airbus UK Broughton, Aberystwyth Town, Rhyl, and The New Saints. He is the son of Brynley Jones, the former Welsh Professional Footballer who played in The Football League for Chester as a midfielder. Brynley appeared 162 times for Chester.
Club career.
Craig's career started with Airbus UK Broughton and Aberystwyth Town. He joined Rhyl in the May 2007, winning a Welsh Premier League championship medal with the club and representing them in Europe. He then joined The New Saints in May 2009. He played for the club in qualifying rounds of the UEFA Champions League, against clubs such as Helsingborg, Anderlecht, and Bohemians scoring in both home legs against the Belgian and Irish champions. In July 2012, he played his final matches for The New Saints playing a significant role in both legs of the second-round qualifying matches of the UEFA Champions League against Swedish Treble-winning side (comprising Super Cup, League and Swedish Cup titles) Helsingborg. In total he scored 25 goals in 111 appearances for the club.
In January 2012 he went on trial with Leeds United for seven days. After attracting interest from several English League and European Clubs, Jones signed a two year deal with League One club Bury in August 2012, after Bury paid out an undisclosed fee for his services from TNS.
On the 14 December 2013, before Bury's match against Northampton, Craig was named as the club's new captain by new Bury manager David Flitcroft.
International career.
Jones won 9 caps for Wales at the semi-pro under-23 level, and captained the side once. He was selected for the senior semi-pro team for the 2008 Four Nations, scoring a hat-trick against Gibraltar.
Personal life.
His father Brynley was also a professional football player, having played for Chester City in the Football League, as well as Bangor City and Oswestry Town.

</doc>
<doc id="36805586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805586" title="2013 Toyota Racing Series">
2013 Toyota Racing Series

The 2013 Toyota Racing Series was the ninth running of the Toyota Racing Series, the premier motorsport category for open-wheel cars, held in New Zealand. The series, which consisted of five meetings of three races, began on 12 January at Teretonga Park in Invercargill, and ended on 10 February with the 58th running of the New Zealand Grand Prix, at Manfeild Autocourse in Feilding.
For the second consecutive season, New Zealand's Nick Cassidy won the championship title, becoming the third driver to win multiple titles in the championship's history after Daniel Gaunt and Mitch Evans. Cassidy, driving for the M2 Competition team, claimed the title before the final race of the season at Manfeild, after a raft of post-race penalties were handed out after the second race. Among those was Cassidy's main championship rival, Giles Motorsport's Lucas Auer, who was given a 50-second penalty after he was adjudged to have forced Cassidy's team-mate Steijn Schothorst off the track, while passing him.
Despite only winning two races during the season – one at Hampton Downs as well as a second New Zealand Grand Prix victory – Cassidy was over 100 points clear in the final championship standings, having finished each of the fifteen races in the top eight. Second place in the standings was settled by six points; as three-time winner Alex Lynn (M2 Competition) moved ahead of Auer – a two-time winner – with a second place finish in the New Zealand Grand Prix, to Auer's sixth place and Lynn prevailed 803 to 797. Schothorst finished fourth in the championship, taking one victory with a win in the first race at Manfeild, while the top five in the championship was rounded out by Bruno Bonifacio of Giles Motorsport, who won at Taupo and was the benefactor of Auer's penalty in the second Manfeild race. Three other drivers also won races during the season; Félix Serrallés won races at each of the first two meetings at Teretonga and Timaru, Pipo Derani also won a race at Teretonga, while Evans won two races on a one-off return to the series, at Hampton Downs, as he prepared for his GP2 Series campaign.
Teams and drivers.
From the 2012 season, six drivers returned for a full-time campaign during the 2013 season.
Defending champion Nick Cassidy moved teams for his bid for a second consecutive title; having won the championship in 2012 with Giles Motorsport, Cassidy moved to the M2 Competition squad for 2013, as part of a six-car team. Alex Lynn – who was a race-winner in the series in 2011 – also returned to New Zealand with M2, where they were joined by British Formula Three rookie class champion Spike Goddard, British Formula Ford competitor Ryan Cullen, Formula Renault Eurocup racer Steijn Schothorst, and Norwegian karter Dennis Olsen, who was competing in single-seaters for the first time. Cullen left the series after the second round of the season at Timaru, while Pieter Schothorst, brother of Steijn, joined the team for the New Zealand Grand Prix.
Despite losing Cassidy to M2 Competition, Giles Motorsport entered a five-car squad for the Series. Lucas Auer, Bruno Bonifacio, and Félix Serrallés all remained with the team after finishing sixth, eighth and tenth respectively, in the 2012 championship. Serrallés' team-mate from British Formula Three, Pipo Derani, was also part of the team, while the team was completed by Nicholas Latifi, a race-winner in the final Italian Formula Three campaign. Two-time series champion Mitch Evans competed in a sixth car for the team at Hampton Downs, as he elected to compete in a one-off meeting in order to maintain his preparations for a 2013 campaign in the GP2 Series; his car was then filled for the New Zealand Grand Prix by Ken Smith, who maintained his record of competing in every New Zealand Grand Prix that the category had been eligible for, and his 48th New Zealand Grand Prix in total.
ETEC Motorsport also entered a five-car team for the 2013 season, just as they had done in 2012. Tanart Sathienthirakul was the team's only non-rookie driver, as he moved from the M2 Competition team for his second series campaign. He was joined in the team by European F3 Open driver Tatiana Calderón, the series' only female driver during the 2013 campaign. Akash Nandy, who contested part-campaigns in both Formula Pilota China and the JK Racing Asia Series in 2012, was also a member of the team – and the youngest driver of all, in the series – while the team was completed by Singaporean karter Andrew Tang, and British driver Jann Mardenborough, who was continuing his progression up the motorsport ladder since winning the 2011 Nissan GT Academy for budding racing drivers, implementing Sony's "Gran Turismo" racing series.
Victory Motor Racing was the only other team to enter the 2013 Toyota Racing Series, entering two cars for the majority of the season. Damon Leitch, who finished third in the championship in 2012, returned with the team, where he was joined by Michael Scott, who graduated from the national Formula First championship in New Zealand. The team entered a third car for the final two meetings of the season, which was filled by Italian driver Ignazio D'Agosto, who like the Schothorst brothers, had competed in the Formula Renault Eurocup and the Formula Renault NEC in 2012.
Season review.
At the opening round of the season at Teretonga, Lucas Auer took pole position for the opening race – as he had done in 2012 – after finishing fastest in the first qualifying session, which was held in dry conditions. By the time the second session had started, rain had started to fall and caused the drivers to take to the track on wet-weather tyres. By the end, Félix Serrallés had set a lap time three tenths of a second quicker than anyone else to take pole for the feature race, the Spirit of a Nation. In the opening race, Auer led from start-to-finish to take his maiden win in the series, ahead of defending champion Nick Cassidy and Alex Lynn, who had swapped places from their starting positions. The top six positions were inverted for the reverse-grid race, where Pipo Derani repeated Auer's trait of the previous afternoon by leading from pole position to the chequered flag. He was followed home by Serrallés and Bruno Bonifacio; the latter's third place was short-lived as he was given a five-second time penalty for jumping the start, which promoted Lynn onto the podium. The Spirit of a Nation race saw Serrallés and Lynn lead away at the start, before the two drivers collided at the start of lap four; Lynn had tried to go around the outside of Serrallés into the first corner before the collision, which forced both drivers onto the grass. Lynn impacted with a tyre barrier, which sent his car into a barrel-roll before righting itself, and Lynn extricated himself from the wreckage. A red flag period followed, allowing Serrallés to return to the front of the field, where he remained for the rest of the race, to take the race victory and the championship lead. Auer finished second, while Steijn Schothorst achieved his first podium finish, in third.
Timaru hosted the second round of the championship, where Auer again qualified on pole position for the weekend's opening race, setting a time around a quarter of a second quicker than any of his rivals. Cassidy would join him on the front row, edging out Bonifacio by 0.001 seconds. Auer also achieved pole position for the feature race, the Timaru Herald Trophy; here he was quicker than Lynn by just over a tenth of a second, while Bonifacio again marginally missed out on the front row, by 0.002 seconds on this occasion. Auer once again recorded a lights-to-flag victory, in the first race, by a margin of over four seconds to Cassidy in fifteen laps, while Bonifacio ensured the top three finished in starting order, half a second in arrears of Cassidy. The top six were inverted once again for the reverse-grid race, which meant that Serrallés started from pole position ahead of Damon Leitch. Serrallés managed to fend off the advances of Leitch during the fifteen-lap race, and won by just under half a second to retake the championship lead from Auer, after the latter's opening win. Cassidy completed the podium, as he continued his consistent start to the season. Auer was overtaken at the start of the Timaru Herald Trophy by Lynn, and despite pressuring him for the entire race, he was not able to find a way back past him; Lynn won the race by just over a quarter of a second ahead of Auer, who regained the championship lead from Serrallés – who finished the race third – in the process.
At Taupo, Lynn locked out pole position in both qualifying sessions; he set the fastest time by half a tenth ahead of Cassidy in the first session, whereas in the second session – to set the grid for the Denny Hulme Memorial Trophy – Lynn's pole-setting margin was a far more comfortable three tenths of a second, ahead of championship leader Auer. Lynn took a comfortable victory in the opening race, winning by nearly five seconds ahead of Cassidy, while the podium was completed by Schothorst. Auer extended his championship lead over Serrallés with a fifth place finish, as the latter suffered a flat tyre during the race. The top four places were inverted for the reverse-grid race, with ultimately resorted into a battle between Bonifacio and Schothorst. Pulling almost fifteen seconds clear of the rest of the field, the duo battled for most of the race, with Bonifacio prevailing by around a second. Auer finished third ahead of Cassidy, who moved into second place in the championship. The Denny Hulme Memorial Trophy shook up the championship proceedings as Auer and Schothorst collided, causing Auer to pit. At the front, Lynn led every lap en route to victory, ahead of Cassidy and Bonifacio. Despite not winning a race at any of the meetings, Cassidy assumed the championship lead due to his consistency, ahead of Auer and Serrallés.
The following event at Hampton Downs saw the return of two-time series champion Mitch Evans, who after taking the 2012 GP3 Series title, was taking part in a one-off event to maintain race sharpness ahead of his GP2 Series campaign later in the season, with the Arden International team. Evans rejoined Giles Motorsport, the team he won both of his championship title with, and took a double pole position for the opening and closing races of the weekend. A somewhat surprising second in the first session with gamer-turned-racer Jann Mardenborough occupying the front row for race one, alongside Evans. Evans' pole-winning margin for race three was just 0.001 seconds – the closest margin in series history – ahead of Lynn. Championship leader Cassidy could only qualify sixth and seventh for the races. The first race had to be restarted after Bonifacio launched over the back of Mardenborough's car at the hairpin, eliminating himself from the race. After repairs, Mardenborough was able to line up on the grid once again; he ultimately fell down the order to sixth place, as Evans led home Lynn, Derani, Cassidy and Auer. The top four places were inverted for the race two grid, where Cassidy extended his points lead with his first victory of the season. He pulled clear of the field by over four seconds to win from Derani and Auer. The feature race, the New Zealand Motor Cup, was just as comfortable for Evans as it was in the opening race, leading from start to finish. Lynn finished second, while Cassidy further extended his championship advantage, ahead of Auer.
For the second season in a row, the championship concluded with the New Zealand Grand Prix meeting at Manfeild. No fewer than eight drivers had a mathematical chance of winning the championship title: Cassidy, Auer, Lynn, Schothorst, Serrallés, Derani, Leitch and Bonifacio. Lynn set the fastest time in the first two qualifying sessions, and thus guaranteeing himself pole position for the opening race of the weekend, the Dan Higgins Trophy. Auer set the fastest time during the third "super-pole" session, but Lynn took pole for the Grand Prix, with the second fastest time in the session combined with his times in the first two sessions. Schothorst would join Lynn on the front row for the Dan Higgins Trophy and Cassidy was alongside for the Grand Prix. In the Dan Higgins Trophy, Schothorst made the better start from second place on the grid, and moved ahead of Lynn on the opening lap. Schothorst held the lead until the end of the race, called three laps shy of its original distance after Mardenborough spun off the track, to take his first victory. Cassidy was second to further extend his points lead over Lynn and Auer, who were third and fourth. The top eight drivers were inverted for the race two grid, leaving Serrallés on pole position. Schothorst and Auer battled for position, with Auer forcing his rival off the track. Auer ultimately passed Bonifacio and Serrallés on-the-road, to take the victory, but was eventually given a 50-second penalty for dangerous driving. Bonifacio inherited the victory, ahead of Cassidy and Ignazio D'Agosto, after Serrallés and Derani were also given penalties. Cassidy's second place, coupled with Lynn finishing thirteenth after an early off, secured a second consecutive title. Cassidy cemented his title triumph with a second New Zealand Grand Prix victory in succession, leading every lap of the 35-lap race. Lynn finished second, and coupled with Auer finishing only sixth, was able to take the runner-up position in the standings. Auer finished a disgruntled third in the championship, stating that he would not return to the series unless there was "large commercial incentive in it" as a competitor. Schothorst completed the final podium of the season, as he sealed fourth in the championship standings.
Race calendar and results.
The calendar for the series was announced on 22 August 2012, with the calendar remaining unchanged from the 2012 season. Again, series organisers announced that the series would run over five successive weekends in January and February, culminating in the New Zealand Grand Prix meeting.
At each of the first four race weekends, two qualifying sessions were held in order to establish the grids for the first and third races of each meeting. The first fifteen-minute session establishes the grid for the opening race, while the second session of fifteen minutes established the grid for the final race of the meeting, denoted as the feature race. In between, the grid for the second race was established via a partially reversed grid and the conduction of a marble draw by the first race winner. Based upon the finishing positions of the first race, the grid could be inverted by either four, six or eight positions via the marble draw.
This format varied at the New Zealand Grand Prix meeting, as three fifteen-minute sessions were held. The starting order for the opening race of the meeting was established using the fastest time for each driver in either of the first two sessions. The second race would use a partially reversed grid as normal, while the grid order for the final race – the New Zealand Grand Prix itself – was to be established using an average of each driver's fastest lap in each session.
Championship standings.
In order for a driver to score championship points, they had to complete at least 90% of the race winner's distance. All races counted towards the final championship standings.

</doc>
<doc id="36805589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805589" title="Government Secondary School, North Bank">
Government Secondary School, North Bank

Government Secondary School, North Bank, located in Makurdi, Benue State, Nigeria, is a secondary school that is located in the barracks of the 72nd airborne brigade of the Nigerian Army in Makurdi, Benue State. Its a government school that is run with the help of the military arm of the government.

</doc>
<doc id="36805595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805595" title="Yağda, Erdemli">
Yağda, Erdemli

Yağda is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated in the peneplane area of Toros Mountains. Distance to Erdemli is and to Mersin is . The population of Yağda was 356 as of 2011. The cetrus forests around the village provide kindling and the village is named after kindling oil ("Yağ" means oil). Main economic activity is farming and a variety of fruits and vegetables are produced.

</doc>
<doc id="36805637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805637" title="Zeta Pyxidis">
Zeta Pyxidis

Zeta Pyxidis (Zeta Pyx, ζ Pyxidis, ζ Pyx) is multiple star system in constellation of Pyxis, with an apparent magnitude of +4.86. The primary component is a yellow G-type giant. It is approximately 236 light years from Earth.
Zeta Pyxidis is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 45.6 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 22,900 and 57,100 light years from the center of the Galaxy.
Zeta Pyxidis will come closest to the Sun 1.1 million years from now when it will brighten to magnitude 4.24 from a distance of 183 light years.

</doc>
<doc id="36805657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805657" title="Vasev">
Vasev

Vasev (), feminine Vaseva () is a Bulgarian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36805663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805663" title="Kyron Duke">
Kyron Duke

Kyron Duke (born 12 October 1992) is a powerlifter and Paralympian athlete from Wales competing in category F40 throwing events. Duke has represented Wales in the 2010 Commonwealth Games in powerlifting. In 2012 he qualified for the 2012 Summer Paralympics in javelin and shot put.
History.
Duke was born in Newport, south Wales in 1992, but now lives in Pontnewydd near Cwmbran. He was born with achondroplasia a form of dwarfism. His older cousin Gareth Duke also has the same condition and represented Great Britain as a swimmer in the 2004 and 2008 Olympic Games, winning gold, silver and bronze medals. 
Duke took up powerlifting at the age of 12 and became junior champion at the para-sport in October 2009. He represented Wales at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in the EAD (Elite athletes with a disability) category benchpress.
In 2009, along with his powerlifting, Duke began entering para sport athletic events. He competed in both the F40 shot put and javelin at the CP Sport Grand Prix in Nottingham and the Czech Open. In 2010 as well as the Nottingham Grand Prix, Duke also entered the Berlin Open. In Berlin he finished fourth in the discus and shot put and first in the javelin, equaling his personal best of 29.53m. In 2011 Duke took gold medal in the javelin at the IWAS World Junior Championships held in Dubai, and recorded a personal best in the javelin of 33.38m at the Czech Open. 2011 also saw Duke qualified for the IPC Athletics World Championships at the men's F40 - javelin. His throw of 32.64 earned him the bronze medal.
In 2011 Duke took part in a documentary for Channel 4 in the UK, as part of the Best of British series. He, along with athlete Sean Clare, took part in the programme which attempted to challenge preconceptions associated with their stature.
Duke recorded his personal best in both shot put (11.19m) and javelin (37.39) at the Welsh Championships in Cardiff on 2 June 2012. In 2013 Duke qualified for the shot put as part of the British team for the 2013 IPC Athletics World Championships in Lyon, France. Duke took the bronze in the F41 shot.

</doc>
<doc id="36805698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805698" title="Anismus">
Anismus

Anismus (or dyssynergic defecation) refers to the failure of the normal relaxation of pelvic floor muscles during attempted defecation.
Anismus can occur in both children and adults, and in both men and women (although it is more common in women). It can be caused by physical defects or it can occur for other reasons or unknown reasons. Anismus that has a behavioral cause could be viewed as having similarities with parcopresis, or psychogenic fecal retention.
Symptoms include tenesmus (a sensation where a mass is felt to remain in rectum after defecation) and constipation. Retention of stool may result in fecal loading (retention of a mass of stool of any consistency) or fecal impaction (retention of a mass of hard stool). This mass may stretch the walls of the rectum and colon, causing megarectum and/or megacolon respectively. Liquid stool may leak around a fecal impaction, possibly causing degrees of liquid fecal incontinence. This is usually termed encopresis or soiling in children, and fecal leakage, soiling or liquid fecal incontinence in adults.
Anismus is usually treated with adjustments to the diet, such as dietary fiber supplementation. It can also be treated with a type of biofeedback therapy, where a sensor probe is inserted in the patient's anal canal and records the pressures exerted by the pelvic floor muscles. These pressures are visually fed back to the patient via a monitor who can regain the normal coordinated movement of the muscles after a few sessions.
Some researchers have suggested that anismus is an over-diagnosed condition, since the standard investigations or digital rectal examination and anorectal manometry were shown to cause paradoxical sphincter contraction in healthy controls, who did not have constipation or incontinence. Due to the invasive and perhaps uncomfortable nature of these investigations, the pelvic floor musculature is thought to behave differently than under normal circumstances. These researchers went on to conclude that paradoxical pelvic floor contraction common finding in healthy controls as well as in patients with chronic constipation and stool incontinence, and it represents a non-specific finding or laboratory artifact related to untoward conditions during examination, and that true anismus is actually rare.
Etymology and synonyms.
Paradoxical anal contraction during attempted defecation in constipated patients was first described in a paper in 1985, when the term anismus was first used. The researchers drew analogies to a condition called vaginismus, which involves paroxysmal (sudden and short lasting) contraction of pubococcygeus (another muscle of the pelvic floor). These researchers felt that this condition was a spastic dysfunction of the anus, analogous to ‘vaginismus’. However, the term anismus implies a psychogenic etiology, which is not true although psychological dysfunction has been described in these patients. Hence:
Latin "ani" - "of the anus"<br>
Latin "spasmus" - "spasm"
Many terms have been used synonymously to refer to this condition, some inappropriately. The term "anismus" has been criticised as it implies a psychogenic cause. As stated in the Rome II criteria, the term "dyssynergic defecation" is preferred to "pelvic floor dyssynergia" because many patients with dyssynergic defecation do not report sexual or urinary symptoms, meaning that only the defecation mechanism is affected.
Other synonyms include:
Definition.
Several definitions have been offered:
Classification.
Anismus is classified as a functional defecation disorder. It is also a type of rectal outlet obstruction (a functional outlet obstruction). Where anismus causes constipation, it is an example of functional constipation. Some authors describe an "obstructed defecation syndrome", of which anismus is a cause.
The Rome classification subdivides functional defecation disorders into 3 types, however the symptoms the patient experiences are identical. 
It can be seen from the above classification that many of the terms that have been used interchangeably with anismus are inappropriately specific and neglect the concept of impaired propulsion. Similarly, some of the definitions that have been offered are also too restrictive.
Symptoms.
Symptoms include:
Etiology.
To understand the etiology of anismus, an understanding of normal colorectal anatomy and physiology, including the normal defecation mechanism, is helpful. The relevant anatomy includes: the rectum, the anal canal and the muscles of the pelvic floor, especially puborectalis and the external anal sphincter.
The rectum is a section of bowel situated just above the anal canal and distal to the sigmoid colon. It is believed to act as a reservoir to store stool until it fills past a certain volume, at which time the defecation reflexes are stimulated. In healthy individuals, defecation can be temporarily delayed until it is socially acceptable to defecate. In continent individuals, the rectum can expand to a degree to accommodate this function.
The anal canal is the short straight section of bowel between the rectum and the anus. It can be defined functionally as the distance between the anorectal ring and the end of the internal anal sphincter. The internal anal sphincter forms the walls of the anal canal. The internal anal sphincter is not under voluntary control, and in normal persons it is contracted at all times except when there is a need to defecate. This means that the internal anal sphincter contributes more to the resting tone of the anal canal than the external anal sphincter. The internal sphincter is responsible for creating a watertight seal, and therefore provides continence of liquid stool elements.
The puborectalis is one of the muscles of the pelvic floor. It is skeletal muscle, meaning it is under voluntary control. The puborectalis originates on the posterior aspect of the pubic bone, and runs backwards, looping around the bowel.
The point at which the rectum joins the anal canal is known as the anorectal ring, which is at the level that the puborectalis muscle loops around the bowel from in front. This arrangement means that when puborectalis is contracted, it pulls the junction of the rectum and the anal canal forwards, creating an angle in the bowel called the anorectal angle. This angle prevents the movement of stool stored in the rectum moving into the anal canal. It is thought to be responsible for gross continence of solid stool. Some believe the anorectal angle is one of the most important contributors to continence.
Conversely, relaxation of the puborectalis reduces the pull on the junction of the rectum and the anal canal,
causing the anorectal angle to straighten out. A squatting posture is also known to straighten the anorectal angle, meaning that less effort is required to defecate when in this position.
Distension of the rectum normally causes the internal anal sphincter to relax (Rectoanal inhibitory response, RAIR) and the external anal sphincter initially to contract (rectoanal excitatory reflex, RAER). The relaxation of the internal anal sphincter is an involuntary response. The external anal sphincter, by contrast, is made up of skeletal (or striated muscle) and is therefore under voluntary control. It can contract vigorously for a short time. Contraction of the external sphincter can defer defecation for a time by pushing stool from the anal canal back into the rectum.
Once the voluntary signal to defecate is sent back from the brain, the abdominal muscles contract (straining) causing the intra-abdominal pressure to increase. the pelvic floor is lowered causing the ano rectal angle to straighten out from ~90o to <15o and the external anal sphincter relaxes. The rectum now contracts and shortens in peristaltic waves, thus forcing fecal material out of the rectum, through the anal canal and out of the anus. The internal and external anal sphincters along with the puborectalis muscle allow the feces to be passed by pulling the anus up over the exiting feces in shortening and contracting actions.
In patients with anismus, the puborectalis and the external anal sphincter muscles fail to relax, with resultant failure of the anorectal angle to straighten out and facilitate evacuation of feces from the rectum. These muscles may even contract when they should relax (paradoxical contraction), and this not only fails to straighten out the anorectal angle, but causes it to become more acute and offer greater obstruction to evacuation.
As these muscles are under voluntary control, the failure of muscular relaxation or paradoxical contraction that is characteristic of anismus can be thought of as either maladaptive behavior or a loss of voluntary control of these muscles. Others claim that puborectalis can become hypertrophied (enlarged) or fibrosis (replacement of muscle tissue with a more fibrous tissue), which reduces voluntary control over the muscle.
Anismus could be thought of as the patient "forgetting" how to push correctly, i.e. straining against a contracted pelvic floor, instead of increasing abdominal cavity pressures and lowering pelvic cavity pressures. It may be that this scenario develops due to stress. For example, one study reported that anismus was strongly associated with sexual abuse in women. One paper stated that events such as pregnancy, childbirth, gynaecological descent or neurogenic disturbances of the brain-bowel axis could lead to a "functional obstructed defecation syndrome" (including anismus). Anismus may develop in persons with extrapyramidal motor disturbance due to Parkinson's disease. This represents a type of focal dystonia. Anismus may also occur with anorectal malformation, rectocele, rectal prolapse and rectal ulcer.
In many cases however, the underlying pathophysiology in patients presenting with obstructed defecation cannot be determined.
Some authors have commented that the "puborectalis paradox" and "spastic pelvic floor" concepts have no objective data to support their validity. They state that "new evidence showing that defecation is an integrated process of colonic and rectal emptying suggests that anismus may be much more complex than a simple disorder of the pelvic floor muscles." 
Complications.
Persistent failure to fully evacuate stool may lead to retention of a mass of stool in the rectum (fecal loading), which can become hardened, forming a fecal impaction or even fecoliths.
Liquid stool elements may leak around the retained fecal mass, which may lead to paradoxical diarrhoea and/or fecal leakage (usually known as encopresis in children and fecal leakage in adults).
When anismus occurs in the context of intractable encopresis (as it often does), resolution of anismus may be insufficient to resolve encopresis. For this reason, and because biofeedback training is invasive, expensive, and labor-intensive, biofeedback training is not recommended for treatment of encopresis with anismus.
The walls of the rectum may become stretched, known as megarectum.
Diagnosis.
The Rome classification diagnostic criteria for functional defecation disorders is as follows:
The diagnostic criteria for dyssynergic defecation is given as "inappropriate contraction of the pelvic floor
or less than 20% relaxation of basal resting sphincter pressure with adequate propulsive forces during attempted defecation." 
The diagnostic criteria for inadequate defecatory Propulsion is given as "inadequate propulsive forces with or without inappropriate contraction or less than 20% relaxation of the anal sphincter during attempted defecation." 
The Rome criteria recommend that anorectal testing is not usually indicated in patients with symptoms of until patients have failed conservative
treatment (e.g., increased dietary fiber and liquids; elimination
of medications with constipating side effects
whenever possible).
Various investigations have been recommended in the diagnosis of anisumus.
Digital rectal examination.
Physical examination can rule out anismus (by identifying another cause) but is not sufficient to diagnose anismus.
Evacuation proctography.
defecating proctogram, and MRI defecography
Balloon expulsion test.
For severe constipation which has not responded to laxatives, dietary supplements or other lifestyle changes. Measures the patients ability to propel a stool through the anal canal. A simulated stool (balloon) is inserted into the rectum with the patient lying on his/her side, and the patient is asked to push the balloon out as they would a stool. Used to assess muscle strength and coordination.
Rectal cooling test.
The rectal cooling test is suggested to differentiate between rectal inertia and impaired relaxation/paradoxical contraction 
Other techniques include manometry, balloon expulsion test, evacuation proctography (see defecating proctogram), and MRI defecography. Diagnostic criteria are: fulfillment of criteria for functional constipation, manometric and/or EMG and/or radiological evidence (2 out of 3), evidence of adequate expulsion force, and evidence of incomplete evacuation. Recent dynamic imaging studies have shown that in persons diagnosed with anismus the anorectal angle during attempted defecation is abnormal, and this is due to abnormal (paradoxical) movement of the puborectalis muscle.
Treatment.
Initial steps to alleviate anismus include dietary adjustments and simple adjustments when attempting to defecate. Supplementation with a bulking agent such as psyllium 3500 mg per day will make stool more bulky, which decreases the effort required to evacuate. Similarly, exercise and adequate hydration may help to optimise stool form. The anorectal angle has been shown to flatten out when in a squatting position, and is thus recommended for patients with functional outlet obstruction like anismus. If the patient is unable to assume a squatting postures due to mobility issues, a low stool can be used to raise the feet when sitting, which effectively achieves a similar position.
Treatments for anismus include biofeedback retraining, botox injections, and surgical resection. Anismus sometimes occurs together with other conditions that limit (see contraindication) the choice of treatments. Thus, thorough evaluation is recommended prior to treatment.
Biofeedback training for treatment of anismus is highly effective and considered the gold standard therapy by many. 
Others however, reported that biofeedback had a limited therapeutic effect.
Injections of botulin toxin type-A into the puborectalis muscle are very effective in the short term, and somewhat effective in the long term. Injections may be helpful when used together with biofeedback training.
Historically, the standard treatment was surgical resection of the puborectalis muscle, which sometimes resulted in fecal incontinence. Recently, partial resection (partial division) has been reported to be effective in some cases.

</doc>
<doc id="36805709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805709" title="Orient-Institut Beirut">
Orient-Institut Beirut

The Orient-Institut Beirut (OIB) () is one of ten German Humanities Institutes Abroad which belong to the Max Weber Foundation - German Humanities Institutes Abroad. The OIB was established in 1961 by the Deutsche Morgenländische Gesellschaft (German Oriental Society) and is part of the Max Weber Foundation since 2003. The OIB supports and promotes independent research on the historical and contemporary Middle East and the Arab world in cooperation with researchers and academic institutions throughout the region.
History.
The Orient-Institut Beirut was founded by the German Oriental Society in 1961. It was financed by the German Federal Ministry of Research and Technology, the Fritz-Thyssen Foundation and the VolkswagenStiftung. Since 2003 the Orient-Institut Beirut belongs to the Max Weber Foundation – German Humanities Institutes Abroad. In 2009 the Orient-Institut Istanbul (OI Istanbul) – which had been a branch of the Beirut institute for 20 years – became an independent institution inside the Max Weber Foundation. The OIB, which conducts and supports research on historical and contemporary issues related to Lebanon and the Arab world, has increased his cooperation with academic partners in Egypt since 2010.
Academic Profile and Tasks.
The OIB is an interdisciplinary research institute. The study of social, religious, and intellectual history, as well as the study of literature, language and politics figures among the various projects undertaken at the institute. It is part of the OIB's mission to support young academic researchers. The Orient-Institut Beirut employs research associates and supports PhD students, post-docs, research projects, affiliated researchers, and scholars working on the Middle East. The OIB cooperates with numerous academic institutions and organizes academic events (lectures, symposia, and congresses)on a wide variety of issues related to the MENA region.
Library.
The library of the OIB is open for public use and offers 130.000 volumes and 1.700 periodicals. Its collection includes studies on religion, philosophy, and law as well as on literature, history and contemporary themes related to the Middle East. Material is gathered in Western languages, in Arabic and occasionally in Persian and Turkish. All this is supplemented by academic literature from various related disciplines, including political science, social anthropology and sociology. One of the richest resources of the OIB is its collections of periodicals covering politics, religion, and culture as well as several literary magazines published in the Middle East.
Publication series.
The OIB publishes two series of publication and one online-publication.

</doc>
<doc id="36805714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805714" title="Eta Pyxidis">
Eta Pyxidis

Eta Pyxidis (Eta Pyx, η Pyxidis, η Pyx) is multiple star system in constellation of Pyxis, with an apparent magnitude of +5.24. The primary component is a white A-type main sequence star. It is approximately 242 light years from Earth.
Eta Pyxidis is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 32.4 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 18,500 and 24,200 light years from the center of the Galaxy.
Eta Pyxidis came closest to the Sun 2.1 million years ago when it had brightened to magnitude 2.54 from a distance of 67 light years.

</doc>
<doc id="36805715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805715" title="Avondale Bridge">
Avondale Bridge

Avondale Bridge may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="36805717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805717" title="Vashchuk">
Vashchuk

Vashchuk is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36805721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805721" title="2012–13 Belgian Second Division">
2012–13 Belgian Second Division

The 2012–13 season of the Belgian Second Division (also known as Belgacom League for sponsorship reasons) began on 22 August 2012 and ended in April 2013. The season was won by Oostende, who were thus promoted to the Belgian Pro League. Mouscron-Péruwelz, Westerlo and WS Woluwe played the second division final round but lost this to Cercle Brugge, resulting in no other team gaining promotion. At the bottom end of the table, Sint-Niklaas and Oudenaarde were relegated, while Heist were saved due to the bankruptcy of Beerschot AC.
Team changes.
After promotion and relegation, only 13 teams of the previous season remained in the league, with 5 others being replaced:
Regular season.
League table.
1Beerschot, who were relegated from the Belgian Pro League, went bankrupt just after the season. As a result the 16th placed team (Heist) was able to remain in the Second Division, while Oudenaarde had to play the relegation round instead of directly relegating.
2During Oudenaarde-Woluwe, Woluwe substituted one of their players for an unregistered player and initially lost the game with a 5-0 score due to forfeit. The Belgian FA later decided that Oudenaarde would not gain 3 points and the result would be cancelled. Oudenaarde then refused to play the relegation round and forfeited their playoff matches, causing them to be relegated.
Period winners.
Like before, the season was divided into three periods. The first ten matchdays together form the first period, matchdays 11 to 22 form period two and the last 12 form period three. The three period winners take part in the Belgian Second Division Final Round together with the winner of the 2012–13 Belgian Pro League relegation playoff. The winner of this final round gets to play in the 2013–14 Belgian Pro League.
The first period was won by WS Woluwe and the second and third by Oostende. As Oostende won the title, Mouscron-Péruwelz and Westerlo were given the right to take part in the Final Round as the two highest finishing teams not yet entitled.
Season statistics.
Top scorers.
Source: "Belgcom League"

</doc>
<doc id="36805723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805723" title="Zheng Yongnian">
Zheng Yongnian

Zheng Yongnian (Chinese: 郑永年; pinyin: Zhèng Yǒngnián) is a political scientist and political commentator on China who has studied and written on many aspects of contemporary China and especially on Chinese politics. Since 2008, he is Professor and Director of East Asian Institute, National University of Singapore.
Education background.
Zheng Yongnian was born in Yuyao County, Zhejiang Province, People's Republic of China in 1962. After completing his secondary education in Yuyao, Zhejiang, he moved to Peking University for his undergraduate and master's studies in political science. After his graduation from Peking University in 1988, he worked for two years as assistant professor in the Department of Politics and Public Administration at Peking University. Later, he studied at Princeton University, New Jersey, United States between 1990 and 1995 and obtained PhD in political science in 1995.
Academic career.
After a two-year stint at Harvard as SSRC-MacArthur Fellow in International Peace and Security, he moved to the newly founded East Asian Institute in Singapore to work as a Research Fellow (1997-2002) and later a Senior Research Fellow (2002-2005). In 2005, he was appointed full Professor and founding Research Director of the China Policy Institute at the University of Nottingham, United Kingdom. In July 2008, he succeeded Prof. Dali Yang and has since served as Director of the East Asian Institute, a Singapore think tank under a statute of the National University of Singapore.
Zheng is a co-editor of China: An International Journal, East Asian Policy and Series on Contemporary China published by World Scientific in Singapore and editor of the China Policy Series published by Routledge.
Academic works.
Zheng's academic works are mainly on politics of the People's Republic of China. His earlier works in the United States, including the PhD thesis in Princeton and post-doctoral research at Harvard, dealt with China's central-local relations and state-society interactions in Chinese nationalism. Since late 90s, his research topics have included the impact of globalization and information technology on Chinese politics and government.
In his most recent work, The Chinese Communist Party as Organizational Emperor, Zheng argues that the Chinese Communist Party is not a political party in the usual sense of the word but rather an organizational form of traditional institution of the Emperor, similar to an organizational form of the Machiavellian prince à la Gramsci. According to an interview with Chinese journal "Nanfengchuang", his current works in progress include a study on the structure of China's political economy and the nature of the modern Chinese polity as non-nation state.
Political commentaries.
Since the 2000s, Zheng has been a columnist, writing weekly commentaries on China for Hong Kong Economic Journal (Chinese: 信报）)(until 2004) and the Lianhe Zaobao （Chinese: 联合早报）)(since 2002). His weekly commentaries featured a broad range of critical issues in contemporary China's political, economic, social and cultural development. In these commentaries he consistently argues for gradual reforms in China's social, economic and political lives. In the recent China Model debate, he takes the stand that while China definitely has a model of its own consistent and continuous with its historical patterns of development, the model needs constant reforms to avoid systemic crisis. As an internationally recognized authority on Chinese politics, he was frequently consulted and quoted by the New York Times on recent developments in China's domestic politics in 2012, an eventful year of the Chinese Communist Party's power transition. Besides being an columnist, he also appeared on TV programs. In the 2006 CCTV documentary The Rise of Great Nations, he was quoted to have expressed the view that the strength of a Great Power lies within its domestic institutions, its external powers merely reflecting an extension of its domestic institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="36805728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805728" title="Frog Woman Rock">
Frog Woman Rock

Frog Woman Rock is a distinctive volcanic monolith in the Russian River canyon through the California Coast Ranges. The California Historical Landmark, adjacent to US Route 101, is a popular recreation site for rock-climbing and whitewater kayaking.
Geology.
The Russian River channel through the Franciscan Assemblage is moved westerly against the steep, resistant face of Frog Woman Rock by an earthflow known as Squaw Rock Slide. The earth flow forms the east bank of the river where the vertical cliffs of Frog Woman Rock form the west bank. Boulders moved into the river channel by the earth flow remain while turbulent river flow erodes and transports smaller sediment particles of the earth flow down the Russian River. The remaining boulders form rapids varying from class III during summer flows of to class V during heavy winter runoff events.
History.
The Russian River canyon has long been a transportation corridor between the agricultural Ukiah Valley and seaports around San Francisco Bay. Northwestern Pacific Railroad tunnel number 8 was bored 1270 feet (388 m) through Frog Woman Rock in 1889 to bring the railroad up the west side of the canyon. Early wagon roads up the east side of the canyon were improved to form United States highway 101. The present highway alignment crosses Squaw Rock Slide on a bridge at milepost MEN 4.9. Early travelers through the canyon noted the upper portion of Frog Woman Rock resembles the profile of a head and face, with imaginatively humanoid or frog-like features. This profile can be most conveniently observed traveling southbound on highway 101 from mileposts MEN 6.4 to 6.2.
The European name Squaw Rock may have derived from the story of Lover’s Leap cited in the History of Mendocino County, California published in 1880. The legend tells of a young chief named Cachow from the village in Cloverdale who promised to marry Sotuka, the daughter of chief of the Sanel in Hopland. Cachow did not keep his promise and instead married another woman. The newlyweds were camped at the base of a large rock cliff along the Russian River. All three were killed when Sotuka, holding a great stone, jumped from the precipice upon the sleeping pair below.
The veracity of the above description has been debated. The 6 December 1891 "Sunday Morning Star" newspaper published a legend written by Dr. J.C. Tucker from the recollections of an elderly native American woman. This legend of Squaw Rock may have metamorphosed in retelling: A native American woman who died in the 1850s was said to have lived with a daughter, known as Pancha, fathered by one of the Russians stationed at Fort Ross. Pancha fell in love with a gold prospector identified as Archie Henderson. Henderson had broken his leg in a fall and was nursed through recovery by Pancha and her mother. Pancha became despondent after Henderson was later found dead. A man identified as Concho was believed responsible for Henderson's death. Concho was expelled from his tribe and the bereaved Pancha jumped or fell to her death. When people observed rocks falling from the cliffs through the following years, some said Pancha's spirit was casting stones down at some passing person she thought to be Concho.
In 1956, Squaw Rock was designated California Historical Landmark number 549, with a description based upon Palmer's 1880 Mendocino County History: "This early landmark, also called Lover's Leap, is associated with the purported legend of a 19th-century Sanel Indian maiden, Sotuka. Her faithless lover, Chief Cachow, married another, all three were killed when Sotuka, holding a great stone, jumped from the precipice upon the sleeping pair below."
Name Change.
Archival research at the Grace Hudson Museum in Ukiah revealed specific ethnographic information relevant to the California Landmark. John Hudson was a medical doctor and ethnologist living in Mendocino County in the late 1800s. A vast amount of primary information concerning Pomo tribes is recorded in various journals, notebooks, sketches, paintings, photographs, maps, recordings, and collections of the Hudson family. The following extract is taken from John Hudson’s unpublished Pomo Linguistic Manuscript Ukiah 8 21,069 (circa 1892). The Pomo words identified in the Hudson notebook appear to be in the Northern Pomo language. The orthology (the spellings of the words) is as it appears in Hudson’s notebook.
Ka-lo’ko-ko. Small flat opposite Squaw Rock. Trail to the west of the rock. The rock is avoided because of Bi-tsin’ ma-ca living there.
Bi-tsin’ ma-ca Ka-be’. (frog woman cliff) Squaw Rock. A bold headland near Pieta.
Bi-tsin’ ma-ca (frog woman) syn. (Ba-tak’ ma’ca) The white woman of beautiful face but body of a frog. Could jump a hundred feet and snatch a man who after administering to her pleasures was devoured. She had a den in the face of Squaw Rock.
Frog Woman is an important figure in Pomo traditional beliefs. She is generally portrayed as the clever and powerful wife of Coyote, the principal trickster character in many Pomo stories. In some of the stories, she is the mother of Obsidian Man. Frog Woman lived at the place that later became known as Squaw Rock. Pomo people avoided the rock for fear of being eaten by Frog Woman.
In 1985, as part of her doctoral dissertation, research linguist Victoria Patterson conducted ethnographic interviews with Frances Jack, one of the last fluent speakers of the Central Pomo language. Patterson documents that in the Central Pomo dialect “Squaw Rock” was called kawao maatha qhabe, Frog Woman Rock. Thus, there is cultural and ethnographic evidence from speakers of both the Northern Pomo and Central Pomo language that this location was known, and still is still is known by local Native Pomo, as the dwelling of Frog Woman.
At present the term “squaw” is often held to be offensive by contemporary Native Americans. It originates from an eastern Algonquian morpheme-meaning woman. In some 19th and 20th-century texts the word is used or perceived as derogatory. One author, for example, referred to “the universal ‘squaw’ - squat, angular, pig-eyed, ragged, wretched, and insect-haunted” (Steele 1883). “Squaw” also appears to have sexual connotations, either as a description of the female genitalia (Sanders and Peek 1973) or in reference to the unjustly assumed sexual propensities of Native American women. Apart from the linguistic debate, the word “squaw” has become offensive to many modern-day Native Americans because of usage that demeans Native women, ranging from condescending images to racial epithets. 
In summary, there is evidence of Pomo mythology that this place was inhabited by a supernatural frog woman. This is confirmed by ethnographic sources of both the Northern and Central Pomo peoples. The current usage of the term squaw equates with widely derogatory meanings, and therefore is offensive to modern Native Americans. In addition, the term squaw is an eastern Algonquian word, unknown to the local Pomo speakers of the Hokan language stock.
In 2011, the State Office of Historic Preservation updated this California Historical Landmark by changing the formal designation to “Frog Woman Rock” as a way to honor and respect the cultural heritage of the Pomo peoples of this region.
Recreation.
The Russian River drops at approximately 30 feet per mile near Frog Woman Rock. These rapids are popular for kayaks all year long, and may be suitable for rafting during winter and spring flows. Frog Woman Rock rapids are considered the most dangerous on the Russian River and unsuitable for canoes.
The larger rocks adjacent to the river offer V0 to V4 bouldering problems to climbers experienced with crumbly, dirty rock. Access usually requires wading through waist deep water, and is generally limited to low-flow periods from summer until the first major autumn rainfall.

</doc>
<doc id="36805729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805729" title="2013–14 Belgian Pro League">
2013–14 Belgian Pro League

The 2013–14 season of the Belgian Pro League (also known as "Jupiler Pro League" for sponsorship reasons) was the 111th season of top-tier football in Belgium. It started on 27 July 2013 with the match between Club Brugge and Charleroi and finished on 18 May 2014 with Anderlecht grabbing their 33rd title due to a 3-1 at home against Lokeren.
During the regular season, Standard Liège started by winning their first nine matches, putting pressure on their main challengers Anderlecht, Club Brugge, Genk and Zulte Waregem. At the halfway point, Genk was closing in on Standard, trailing by one point, but following a series of losses they dropped several places in the standings and eventually they narrowly held on to sixth place and just made it into the title playoffs. Towards the end of the regular season, mainly Club Brugge proved to be a threat as they had narrowed the gap to Standard, closing in to only four points.
The playoffs started with Standard leading on 34 points and Club Brugge right behind them on 32. Both Anderlecht (29 points) and Zulte Waregem (27 points) were at that point considered long shots for the title, while Lokeren on 26 and Genk on 23 were considered to be out of contention. Early in the playoffs, Standard immediately beat Anderlecht and knocked them down to eight points behind, seemingly setting up a final title race between them and Club Brugge. Although Standard had been in the lead since the start of the season, they somehow starting struggling, allowing Club Brugge to overtake them in the standings and become the main title favorite with just four games to go. On 4 May 2014, Club Brugge had the chance to permanently knock Anderlecht out of the race, but somehow lost at home against 10 men, putting Standard back into the lead with Anderlecht now a close second. Standard in turn then lost against Club Brugge, putting Anderlecht into the lead with two games to go, a lead which they kept until the end, winning their 33rd title in a season in which they lost no less than 11 games.
The Europa League playoff groups were won by Oostende and Kortrijk, with Oostende overcoming Kortrijk on penalty kicks although they knew they had not been given a licence for European football. As a result, the fourth placed team in the league, Zulte Waregem, were granted access directly.
In the bottom end of the table, Mons started miserably after finishing 7th the previous season, scoring only three points out of their first 15 matches. Their better second half of the season did not help in avoiding the last place. They were therebye forced to play the relegation playoff together with Oud-Heverlee Leuven, who had been struggling to set up a series of decent results, mainly driven by their horrendous away form, drawing only three matches away from home the whole season, while losing all the others. Mons were relegated on 12 April after yet another 2-0 away to OH Leuven, while Leuven themselves faced relegation on 18 May as they could no longer win the Belgian Second Division Final Round. Both OH Leuven and Mons had been playing in the Belgian Pro League for three seasons.
Teams.
Following the 2012–13 Belgian Pro League, Beerschot were originally relegated to the 2013–14 Belgian Second Division after losing their relegation playoff series against Cercle Brugge. However, as they went bankrupt, the team folded and would later merge with KFCO Wilrijk playing at the first provincial level (fifth level) of Belgian football to form KFCO Beerschot - Wilrijk. Beerschot is replaced by 2012–13 Belgian Second Division champions Oostende, who returned to the highest level after their relegation during the 2004–05 season.
As Cercle Brugge won the 2013 Belgian Second Division Final Round against Second Division teams Mouscron-Péruwelz, Westerlo and WS Woluwe, they were saved from relegation, causing Oostende to be the only newcomer in the Belgian Pro League for this season.
Regular season.
Positions by round.
Note: The classification was made after the weekend (or midweek) of each matchday, so postponed matches were only processed at the time they were played to represent the "real" evolution in standings.
Championship Playoff.
The points obtained during the regular season were halved (and rounded up) before the start of the playoff. As a result, the teams started with the following points before the playoff: Standard 34 points, Club Brugge 32, Anderlecht 29, Zulte Waregem 27, Lokeren 26 and Genk 23. Had any ties occurred at the end of the playoffs, the half point would have been deducted if it was added. However, as all six teams received the half point bonus, this did not make a difference this season.
Positions by round.
Below the positions per round are shown. As teams did not all start with an equal amount of points, the initial pre-playoffs positions are also given.
Europa League Playoff.
Group A contained the teams finishing the regular season in positions 7, 9, 12 and 14. The teams that finished in positions 8, 10, 11 and 13 were placed in Group B. Oostende held Gent to a 1-1 draw on 26 April and was thereby sure of winning Group A. In Group B, the decision was made on the last matchday when Kortrijk beat Charleroi 2-1 at home on May 3.
Europa League playoff final.
The winners of both playoff groups competed in a two-legged match to play the fourth-placed team of the championship playoff, called Testmatch. The winners of this Testmatch were granted entry to the second qualifying round of the 2014–15 UEFA Europa League.
"Oostende won on penalties after drawing 4–4 on aggregate."
Testmatches Europa League.
The Europa League playoff final was to be played over two legs between Oostende and fourth place finishers Zulte Waregem, with the winner receiving the right to play in the Second qualifying round of the 2014–15 UEFA Europa League. However, as Oostende did not receive a licence for European football, the match was annulled and Zulte Waregem was awarded the spot directly.
Relegation Playoff.
The teams finishing in the last two positions faced each other in the relegation playoff. The winner of this playoff played the second division playoff with three Belgian Second Division teams, with the winner playing at the highest level the next season. The loser faced relegation. For finishing 15th, Oud-Heverlee Leuven received the home advantage and an initial lead of 3 points over Mons. Mons was relegated on 12 April as OHL had obtained a lead of 9 points with only 2 matches left. However, Oud-Heverlee Leuven then failed to finish top of the Belgian Second Division Final Round group, ensuring their relegation as well.
The matches in the table below were played from left to right:
Season statistics.
Source: Sporza.be and Sport.be "
"Up to and including matches played on 18 May."

</doc>
<doc id="36805734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805734" title="Senegalia caffra">
Senegalia caffra

The Hook-thorn ("Senegalia caffra") is a tree that occurs commonly in southern Africa. Though it is cultivated, it often occurs naturally in Gauteng suburban gardens, together with "Acacia karroo" and "Acacia robusta".
It is up to 10m tall and may be found in open woodland, grassland, rocky hillsides or watercourses. It occurs in the Transvaal, Swaziland, KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province and the southern regions of Botswana, Zimbabwe and Mozambique. 
Description.
It has extremely hard, dense and attractive timber, and is only spared from intense exploitation because of its strongly twisted trunk which does not lend itself to long planks, and its tendency to develop heart rot. The bark is rough, dark grey and flaking, while the strong, paired hooked thorns are a formidable deterrent on young plants. Twigs which may vary in hairiness from densely puberulous to pubescent or tomentose. Due to its variability the species has been described under many names, some being listed below. In common with other "Acacias" and "Senegalias", the bark and leaves are rich in tannins, while parts of the tree are used by the Bantu in traditional herbal medicine for curing a large range of complaints.
"Senegalia caffra" is deciduous and older plants are resistant to frost, fire and drought. Its appearance may be confused with that of "Senegalia ataxacantha" or with "Senegalia hereroensis", though the former has scattered prickles and the latter has more robust prickles. Together with "Dombeya rotundifolia" and "Erythrina lysistemon", this species is one of the earliest to flower in spring, producing strongly scented flower spikes. 

</doc>
<doc id="36805743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805743" title="Bull Cross, The Frith and Juniper Hill">
Bull Cross, The Frith and Juniper Hill

Bull Cross, The Frith and Juniper Hill () is a biological and geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1954. The site is listed in the ‘Stroud District’ Local Plan, adopted November 2005, Appendix 6 (online for download) as an SSSI and Regionally Important Geological Site (RIGS).
The site lies within the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and is part registered as common
land and part owned and managed as a nature reserve by the Gloucestershire Wildlife Trust.
The site has 4 units of assessment, the largest of which is The Frith, called Frith Wood (Morley Penistan Memorial) by the Gloucestershire Wildlife Trust. Morley Penistan was a former Chairman of the Trust and forester who was much involved with the management and conservation of the wood.
Biological interest.
The site, which is on the Jurassic limestone of the western Cotswolds, is a diverse area of ancient beech woodland, unimproved grassland, scrub and disused quarries. Bull Cross is unimproved calcareous grassland; The Frith is broadleaved
woodland which comprises mostly Beech, and Juniper Hill supports Ash, scrub, unimproved calcareous grassland and old quarries.
Juniper Hill.
The woodland makeup, which is dominated by Ash, includes Yew and a shrub layer of Hazel and Hawthorn. The ground flora is dominated by Bramble and Dog's Mercury. A secondary woodland to the north includes Silver Birch.
The grassland is semi-natural and the dominant species is Upright Brome. Also recorded are Quaking Grass, Cock's foot, Cowslip and other limestone herbs. Significant numbers of orchids flourish on the site including Musk Orchid, but these are threatened by invasion of scrub such as Hawthorn. Yew, Whitebeam and Juniper are scattered on the site.
Bull Cross.
The flora is similar to that found on Juniper Hill, though considered less abundant.
The Frith.
Approximately 80% of the tree canopy is Beech and is managed for timber. Other trees present are Ash and Whitebeam. Holly, Yew and Hazel, and regenerating Beech and Ash, form the scrub layer. Bramble and Sweet Woodruff are present and rare plants such as White Helleborine, Broad-leaved Helleborine, Columbine and Common Wintergreen. Woodland flora also includes Lesser Periwinkle, Bluebell, Yellow Archangel and Early purple orchid.
The wood is 'fungi rich' and a wide range of terrestrial molluscs have been recorded.
Geological interest.
Frith Quarry.
Frith Quarry is a nationally important geological site providing exposures of Middle Jurassic rocks. These are considered to be of great significance in interpreting the Inferior Oolite succession of the Cotswolds. Specimens collected, and the exposures of Oolite Marl and Lower Trigonia Grit, have provided rich brachipod and ammonite faunas. The ammonite faunas are significant in the Cotswolds being rare, and thus the site is important for geological research into the Jurassic period.
Frith Wood nature reserve.
Frith Wood is about three miles north-east of Stroud and is considered a local landmark. It straddles the hill-top between the valleys of Painswick and Slad. This is an ancient wood and became a Gloucestershire Wildlife Trust nature reserve in 1966. It was managed under lease from the Workman family until it was purchased in 1987 with grants from the National Heritage Memorial Fund, Nature Conservancy Council, World Wide Fund for Nature, Countryside Commission, Stroud District Council, Gloucestershire County Council and a donation from Soroptomist International of Cheltenham.
History.
The name 'Frith' is Saxon for a wooded enclosure. The wood has probably been managed as mixed wood-pasture and Beech coppice since those times. The current high forest aspect originates from Beech seed which was planted after the Napoleonic Wars. The Beechwood successful regeneration, and its rich flora and fauna, provide a good example of ancient woodland in the Cotswold area.
An 'Arcadian' retreat was created in Frith Wood in the mid-1700s by Benjamin Hyett of Painswick House. This is called 'Pan's Lodge' being dedicated to Pan, god of wine, the pursuit of pleasure.
A painting by Thomas Robins of 1757 shows a small house overlooking the 'Panswyck' valley. This is surrounded by 'elegant' woodland walks and a plantation. Frith Wood was 'renamed' at the time to Coldbourn Grove. The site had disappeared by the 1820s and only a mound is left. Some of the garden plants remain growing in the woodland. There is a small old quarry in Frith Wood which was probably used for enclosures walls and even for building Pan's Lodge.
The old road from Birdlip to Stroud passed through Frith Wood Common until the turnpike (now the B4070) was opened in the 18th century.
Fauna.
Birdlife includes Wood Warbler, Marsh Tit and Green Woodpecker. The molluscs recorded are "Limax cinereoniger" and "Zenobiella subrufescens", which are species occurring in ancient woodland. The Lapidary Snail is also recorded. Hundreds of varieties of fungus have been found in the reserve.
Conservation.
Regeneration has been a natural process as part of the management plan since 1960. This is supported by selective thinning and felling of some mature timber trees. Invasive Sycamore has been controlled by methods to leave standing dead wood (ringbarking) and also removal.

</doc>
<doc id="36805757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805757" title="Peter Haynes (mathematician)">
Peter Haynes (mathematician)

Peter Haynes is a British applied mathematician at the University of Cambridge's Faculty of Mathematics. His research includes fluid dynamics and atmospheric dynamics. In the academic year 2011–2012, he lectured the undergraduate course "Mathematical Biology". 
He is a Fellow of Queens' College, Cambridge. Since 2005, he has been the Head of Department of DAMTP.

</doc>
<doc id="36805765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805765" title="Avondale Bridge (Passaic River)">
Avondale Bridge (Passaic River)

Avondale Bridge, also known as the De Jessa Memorial Bridge and the Park Avenue Bridge, is a vehicular movable bridge over the Passaic River in northeastern New Jersey. It crosses the county line to connect the towns of Lyndhurst in Bergen and Nutley in Essex, originally taking its name from a section of the latter. The bridge is from the river's mouth at Newark Bay, and is required to open on four hours' notice. As of 2010, there were 26,420 daily crossings of the bridge, which provides one lane in each direction..
History.
Designed as a joint project between the two counties and built 1903-1905 by the New Jersey Bridge Company, it has a rim-bearing hybrid (pinned/riveted) Warren through truss swing span supported on an ashlar substructure and Warren pony truss approach spans. Rededicated July 14, 1981 in memory of Joseph Carmine De Jessa, a U.S. Marine and the first Lyndhurst native killed in the Vietnam War, the bridge was significantly rehabilitated in 1984.
Planned reconstruction.
The bridge is considered functionally obsolete, meaning that it can no longer handle the traffic demands made upon it when considering such factors as load carrying capacity, vertical, clearance, alignment, and deck geometry. Bergen and Essex have requested that the bridge be re-built by the NJDOT and are acquiring land for a widening of right-of way along approach roads to it. The scope of work could be as extensive as that of the Court Street Bridge on the Hackensack completed in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36805766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805766" title="Eugenio Corecco">
Eugenio Corecco

Eugenio Corecco was a Swiss Roman Catholic priest.
Biography.
Son of Peter, born in Bodio and Margaret Beffa of Airolo, he was ordained priest on October 2, 1955, studied in Rome, at the Pontifical Gregorian University to Munich, where he received his PhD in canon law and Fribourg, where in 1969 was appointed professor of canon law.
In 1982, shortly before the publication of the new Code of Canon Law (CIC), exhibited his critical comments to John Paul II, the Pope called him to Rome to be part of a committee that assists him in the examination of the code, prior to its promulgation. Appointed consultant to the Committee on the interpretation of CIC, Eugenio Corecco holds conferences around the world.
Active in the pastoral, from the years 1960-70 he worked in Switzerland for the spread of the ecclesial movement of Communion and Liberation. The Pope John Paul II on June 5, 1986 made him Bishop of Diocese of Lugano and he was consecrated in Lugano Cathedral on June 29 by bishop Henri Schwery, bishop of the Diocese of Sion, with concelebrating bishops Pierre Mamie and Ernesto Togni.
The April 29, 1992 he founded in Lugano the Institute Academic theology which. in the following year, precisely on November 20, 1993, was elevated by the Holy See to the status of a university faculty of theology - Faculty of Theology of Lugano (FTL), giving an opportunity to build in the city of Lugano, USI (University of Italian Switzerland ). However, the FTL did not join USI, choosing instead to remain autonomous.
He died on March 1, 1995 as a result of a rare form cancer, and was buried in the crypt of Church of the Sacred Heart in Lugano.
Thought.
About Charity.
"Whatever should be the nature of the industry and its interventions in the social field, Caritas is called, with ever greater urgency, to express in society two specific values of Christianity, whose social significance can not be measured purely rational. The first is the gratuity to the man in trouble, because it was free also the redemption offered to us by Christ. The second is to oversupply, excess is the love of Christ for us. The charity has so far as the needs of others, but the richness of God's love limiting it to look and evaluate it from man's need, because man is more than its needs". 
About Canon law.
"...all the laws of the Church and finally appear first of all as an expression of faith of the People of God, and not only of reason abstractly understood." (Eugenio Corecco, Pamplona 1976. In "Siate forti nella fede", AA.VV., p. 347ss.)

</doc>
<doc id="36805775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805775" title="Firewire (Lateef the Truthspeaker album)">
Firewire (Lateef the Truthspeaker album)

Firewire is the solo debut album from American indie hip hop artist Lateef the Truthspeaker. It was released on Quannum Projects in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36805777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805777" title="Vasić">
Vasić

Vasić (Cyrillic script: Васић) is a Serbian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36805788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805788" title="K. Avukader Kutty Naha">
K. Avukader Kutty Naha

K. Avukader Kutty Naha, was an Indian Union Muslim League Leader and former Deputy Chief Minister of Kerala. He was born in February 1920 to Shri Kunjikoyanutty Haji. He started his political life after his schooling through Indian Union Muslim League. During the political career, he served as Vice-President, Indian Union Muslim League, Kerala State Committee, and President, Kerala State Swathanthra Thozhilali Union. He had been elected also as a member of the Malabar District Board in 1954.
Mr. Naha is the father of the present Kerala Education Minister P. K. Abdu Rabb.

</doc>
<doc id="36805798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805798" title="1990 Copa del Rey Final">
1990 Copa del Rey Final

The Copa del Rey 1990 Final was the 79th final of the King's Cup. The final was played at Mestalla Stadium in Valencia on 5 April 1990, and was won by Barcelona, who beat Real Madrid 2–0.

</doc>
<doc id="36805800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805800" title="Richard Kinon">
Richard Kinon

Richard Kinon (August 17, 1924 – March 11, 2004) was a TV director.
Born in Brooklyn, New York, he was hired at his beginning by the studio in Hollywood as a screenwriter.
The house he was living in until his death was built in the 1920s and used to belong to his parents.
For many years he stayed on the French Riviera.
Kinon died March 11, 2004 (aged 79) in Beverly Hills, Los Angeles, California.
Awards and nominations.
Kinon was nominated in 1959 for an Emmy Award for Best Direction of a Single Program of a Comedy Series for the "Mr. Adams and Eve" episode "The Interview" (1958).

</doc>
<doc id="36805802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805802" title="Vasiev">
Vasiev

Vasiev is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36805804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805804" title="Theta Pyxidis">
Theta Pyxidis

Theta Pyxidis (Theta Pyx, θ Pyxidis, θ Pyx) is a red M-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +4.71. It is approximately 522 light years from Earth.
Theta Pyxidis is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 22.8 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 21,200 and 24,700 light years from the center of the Galaxy. It came closest to the Sun 5.8 million years ago when it had brightened to magnitude 3.12 from a distance of 241 light years.

</doc>
<doc id="36805809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805809" title="Vasik">
Vasik

Vasik is both a given name and a surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36805812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805812" title="Velarde, New Mexico">
Velarde, New Mexico

Velarde is a census-designated place (CDP) in Rio Arriba County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 502 at the time of the 2010 census. Velarde is located on New Mexico State Road 68, in the Rio Grande Rift, right at the point where the road enters the Rio Grande Gorge.
History.
The name Velarde first appeared when a U.S. post office was opened at the location in 1855. The first postmaster, David Velarde, named the postal location in honor of his Spanish-born ancestor, Juan Antonio Pérez Velarde, who settled near Guadalupe del Paso (present Ciudad Juárez, Mexico) in 1725. His move to this Rio Grande settlement encouraged other members of his family to move north into colonial New Mexico in the mid-18th century.
However, the town was organized only in 1875 by Matias Velarde, who established the town as "La Jolla", the name most likely originating from a 1712 Spanish land grant given to Sebastian Martin in the post-Pueblo Revolt resettlement of the region. This was likely a misspelling of "La Joya," which translates from Spanish as "The Basin". This geographical description was said to refer to the Tewa name for the location (Phahu'bu'u, or Tsigubu'u), which meant "basin of the chico bush or rabbit thorn".
The community, located at the mouth of the Rio Grande canyon along the Low Road to Taos (not really part of the Camino Real, despite the ancient pathway over Embudo Pass being designated so by a historical marker ), had through its Spanish-settled history served mostly as a peaceful resting spot for passing travelers, especially for those heading north out of the low river country.
During the Taos Revolt in the latter part of the Spanish-American War, however, it was part of the scene of the Battle of Embudo Pass, which took place on Jan. 29, 1847. Despite the shelter of "dense masses of cedar and large fragments of rock" that were formed into defensive positions, the Tewa warriors and Mexican defenders in the battle were routed by U.S. Col. Sterling Price, military governor, and his Missouri Mounted Volunteers, leading to the U.S. siege of Taos Pueblo less than a week's forced march later. Etches of crosses still mark the rocks near where the 20 local fighters had fallen. A map drawn at that time by the invading Americans referred to the settlement simply as "Joya."
Sometime after the battle, Col. Edwin Vose Sumner, who later served as military governor of New Mexico between 1851 and 1853, sent a Major Gordon with a detachment of infantry to establish a post below the Rio Grande canyon in present Velarde, but no sooner had his men settled in, the unit was ordered to return to Taos.
Although originally a part of the San Antonio de Embudo parish (based at Dixon), the village contains a mission church, called the "Iglesia de la Virgen de Guadalupe." Burials sometimes took place here, but mostly were conducted at the Velarde Cemetery. Marriages were conducted sometimes at the San Antonio church in Dixon, but more often were held in the Catholic church of San Juan de los Caballeros (present Ohkay Owingeh).
Orchards and vineyards were mentioned in an 1892 news report, but the first commercial apple-growing enterprises emerged only in the late 1920s. Roadside stands greeted passing travelers when a modern highway was constructed to Taos through the village along the Rio Grande.
Author Rubén Martinez, says of Velarde, where he wrote Desert America, "I might add that I live in one of the poorest villages in one of the poorest counties in one of the poorest states and that the region’s heroin addiction is higher than anywhere else in the country, rural or urban.” 
Demographics.
As of the census of 2010, there were 502 people, 222 households, and 136 families residing in the CDP. There were 271 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 61.16% White, 3.59% Native American, 31.27% from other races, and 3.98% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 84.86% of the population.
There were 222 households out of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.3% were married couples living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.7% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals living alone (58.6% male, and 41.4% female) and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older (38.5% male, and 61.5% female). The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.82.
In the CDP the population was spread out with 22.1% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 30.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 102 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,917, and the median income for a family was $53,103. Males with full-time year-round income were paid a median of $37,300 versus $9,833 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $19,502. About 13.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 40% of those age 65 or over.
Education.
Velarde has 1 elementary school which is part of the Espanola Public Schools

</doc>
<doc id="36805817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805817" title="Rajlich">
Rajlich

Rajlich is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36805844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805844" title="Armstrong County Courthouse and Jail">
Armstrong County Courthouse and Jail

Armstrong County Courthouse and Jail is a historic courthouse complex located at Kittanning, Armstrong County, Pennsylvania. The courthouse was built between 1858 and 1860, and is a two-story, brick and stone building measuring 105 feet by 65 feet. It has a hipped roof topped by an octagonal cupola and bell. It features a portico with four Corinthian order columns in Greek Revival style. A three-story rear addition was built in 1951-1953. The jail building was built between 1870 and 1873. It is constructed of stone, brick, and iron, and measures 114 feet by 50 feet, with a 96 feet tall tower. The building once housed 24, 8 foot by 13 foot cells.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="36805846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805846" title="Vladimir Gogoladze">
Vladimir Gogoladze

Vladimir Gogoladze (, ), born 18 August 1966 in Tblisi, Georgian SSR, is a retired Georgian gymnast. 
Gogoladze began competing at the elite level in 1985, at the age of 18, taking silver medals in the all-around and high bar in the USSR Championships, and bronze medals at the European Championships in the all-around and parallel bars.
He was a member of the Soviet "Dream Team" who won the team gold at the 1988 Seoul Olympic Games, and he is also known for being the first gymnast to perform a triple back on floor in the Olympics. In the same year, he received the title Honored Master of Sports of the USSR.
According to a report in "Sovietsky Sport", Gogoladze and teammate Dmitri Bilozerchev were removed from the Soviet men's squad for the 1989 World Championships because of a two-day drinking binge.
Gogoladze has two elements named after him. The first is a straddled Healy twirl on parallel bars. The second, on floor exercise, is a flair or circle to handstand, then continuing to flair or circle; this element is frequently performed and remains in the current Code of Points. 
Gogoladze now coaches at Crystal Lake in Illinois, where he has been on staff since 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36805856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805856" title="Kappa Pyxidis">
Kappa Pyxidis

Kappa Pyxidis (Kappa Pyx, κ Pyxidis, κ Pyx) is multiple star system in constellation of Pyxis, with an apparent magnitude of +4.62. The primary component is an orange K-type giant. It is approximately 487 light years from Earth.
Kappa Pyxidis is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 53.7 km/s relative to the Sun. It will come closest to the Sun 2.6 million years from now when it will brighten to magnitude 3.34 from a distance of 308 light years.

</doc>
<doc id="36805863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805863" title="Wildest Moments">
Wildest Moments

"Wildest Moments" is a song by British singer and songwriter Jessie Ware from her debut studio album, "Devotion". The song was released in the United Kingdom as a digital download on 29 June 2012 to positive responses and high acclaim. 
Critical reception.
The song received highly positive reviews, Pitchfork Media gave the song its "Best New Music" accolade. It also featured in their Top 100 Tracks of 2012 at number 21.
Music video.
A music video to accompany the release of "Wildest Moments" was first released on YouTube on 2 July 2012 at a total length of four minutes and five seconds. The video consists of a single shot of Ware sitting while singing the song, with the camera slowly rotating around her
Use in other media.
It is also featured on:
Season 3 Episode 20 "Who I Want To Be" of Awkward when Jenna and Matty dance at the prom.
Season 1 Episode 09 "Guess Who's Coming To Dinner" of Mistresses when Karen and April talk in the shop.
The song is covered by the band 2AM Club on their mixtape "Moon Tower"

</doc>
<doc id="36805868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805868" title="Semion Rotnitsky">
Semion Rotnitsky

Semion Aronovich Rotnitsky (; December 28, 1915, Minsk, Russian Empire — 2004, Saint Petersburg, Russia) was a Soviet Russian painter, Honored Art worker of Tatar Republic, a member of the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists (before 1992 — the Leningrad Union of Artists), who lived and worked in Leningrad.
Rotnitsky is regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting, most famous for his portrait paintings. From 1948 through 1960 he was senior lecturer and director of the Kazan Art School. His memoirs are titled "The Strength of Beauty".

</doc>
<doc id="36805887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805887" title="Admir Terzić">
Admir Terzić

Admir Terzić (born September 19, 1992) is a Bosnian footballer who is currently a free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="36805899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805899" title="Ryan Camilleri">
Ryan Camilleri

Ryan Camilleri (born 22 May 1988) is a Maltese international footballer who plays for Hibernians, as a defender.
Career.
Camilleri has played club football for Pietà Hotspurs and Hibernians.
He made his international debut for Malta in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36805906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805906" title="Don't Live as You Like">
Don't Live as You Like

"Don't Live as You like" ("Ne tak zhivi kak khotsetsya", Не так живи, как хочется) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky. It was first published in #17, September 1855 issue of "Moskvityanin" magazine and premiered prior to that, on December 3, 1854 in Moscow's Maly Theatre.
History.
The first rough draft of the play was written in August 1854. At the time it was envisaged as a five act drama, entitled (after an old Russian proverb) "God’s Thing’s Strong, the Enemy’s Sticky" (Bozhye krepko, a vrazhye lepko) and set in the 17th century, in one of the Volga large cities. The second version was closer to the final one: having the new title of "Do Not Live as You Like" and being a "drama in three acts and four pictures", set in Moscow of the 18th century, also during the folk Maslenitsa pancake carnival. 
In November 1854 the play was ready and on December 3 premiered on the Maly Theatre stage. It was published in September 1855, with 600 copied of a separate edition pressed simultaneously, proving to be the last of Ostrovsky's plays published by "Moskvityanin". This magazine's version though was yet to be changed and only the text that was published in 1859 by Kushelev-Bezborodko ("Works by A.N.Ostrovsky" in two volumes) has been regarded later as the final one.
Theatre productions.
"Don't Live as You Like" was premiered in Maly Theatre on December 3, 1854, as a benefice for actor Kornely Poltavtsev who played Pyotr. It featured Prov Sadovsky as Agafon, Lyubov Nikulina-Kositskaya as Grusha and S.V. Vasiliev as Vasya. On January 12, 1885 it was first shown in Saint Petersburg's Alexandrinsky Theatre, with Pyotr Stepanov (as Pyotr), Alexandra Chitau (Dasha), Yulia Linskaya (Afimya), Alexander Martynov as Yeremka.
Ostrovsky acknowledged the fact that the play was less successful than previous ones. During Maly Theatre's 1854-55 season it was shown 4 times and was dropped out of its repertoire up until 1861.
The author nevertheless considered the play worthy of being included in repertores of all Russian theatres. Indeed, in 1975-1917 it was staged all in all more than 1500 times while still remainimg one of his less popular plays. 
"The Power of the Fiend".
The play was written in a peculiar musical style and included fragments of 10 folk songs, best loved by the author. "I Sit on a Stone, I Hold an Axe" Ostrovsky picked as he was travelling along the Volga River banks to pass it later to composer Konstantin Wilboa. In Kineshma region another of Yeremka’s song, "It's For Me to Help Your Grief" was once popular.
Alexander Serov thought the play's plot, full of drama, contrasting scenes and vivid pictures of popular folk celebration was an ideal material for an opera. Ostrovsky was not convinced but soon gave way to Serov’s asking for a libretto and wrote one, while in Shchelykovo, in the summer of 1857. This tandem though prove not te be a success. Serov, who initially promised the author not to change the plotline, started to suggest the final scenes should be re-written so as for Pyotr to kill Dasha. Ostrovsky, for whom the idea of the hero's moral reformation was crucial, totally disagreed. The libretto has been changed without Ostrovsky's agreeing to it, the title "The Power of the Fiend" being taken from the Act 4 of the original version of the libretto.
Reception.
The first to praise the play was Aleksey Nekrasov in "Sovremennik" (#2, 1856) who argued that "only in the first, most well-known play by Ostrovsky ("Family Affair") such vivid, masterfully depicted characters could be found... Not to speak of the language authenticity: better than any of the contemporary authors does Ostrovsky handle the Russian-ness both in speech and in actions... Each and every face indeed exudes Russian spirit". Yet the reviewer expressed regret with what he saw as the author's binding himself with Slavophiliac ideas and advised him "not to narrow" himself "down consciously, not even with doctrines that would look to him indisputable." 
In his "Realm of Darkness" essay Nikolai Dobrolyubov didn't subject the play to thorough analysis, what he did instead was rile against Slavophile critics who "tried to present the author of the play as a purveyor of this ugly morality which prescribes tolerance without borders and total self-denial when it comes to one’s individual rights." On the Slavophiliac front, former Ostrovsky's friend Tertiy Fillipov in "Russkaya Beseda" (#1, 1856) admitted that "the idea of this drama had deep importance and its dramatic implementation was worthy of a critical support but only as an insightful artistic intention." Otherwise he considered the play "in its realization the weakest of all the previous ones." It was "underdeveloped characters", according to the critic, that brought about its failure both in recital sessions and on stage.
Apollon Grigoriev, not so long ago and ardent Ostrovsky fan, writing in "Russky Mir" (1860) noticed too the chasm between the "genius idea" and "the poor level of its implementation". It was Grigoriev who first proposed that "Don't Live as You Like" should be re-worked into a musical piece and named a composer who could to that, A.M. Serov.
Leo Tolstoy loved the play, admitting that his own "The Power of Darkness" was written under its influence.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="36805915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805915" title="Sara Mergenthaler">
Sara Mergenthaler

Sara Mergenthaler (born 21 April 1979) is an American sports sailor. She was born in Red Bank, New Jersey, United States.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China in the women's 470. Sailing alongside Amanda Clark the pair finished in 12th position.

</doc>
<doc id="36805916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805916" title="Paul Ehmann">
Paul Ehmann

Paul Ehmann (born February 15, 1993) is a German footballer who is currently a free agent after having last played for Borussia Dortmund II.

</doc>
<doc id="36805923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805923" title="The Performers (play)">
The Performers (play)

The Performers is a comedy play written by David West Read and directed by Evan Cabnet. It premiered on Broadway on November 14, 2012.
Synopsis.
"The Performers" is a romantic comedy set during the Adult Film Awards in Las Vegas. Lee, a tabloid journalist, attends to interview his old friend-turned adult film star Mandrew. Lee's fiancee Sara, who is having doubts over her relationship, seeks advice from Mandrew's wife Peeps. When the night takes an unexpected turn and relationships are threatened, adult film stars Chuck Wood and Sundown step in to lend a hand.
Production.
"The Performers" opened on Broadway on November 14, 2012 at Longacre Theatre. The cast included Cheyenne Jackson, Henry Winkler, Alicia Silverstone, Ari Graynor, Daniel Breaker and Jenni Barber.
After showings were cancelled during previews due to Hurricane Sandy, producers offered "Sandy Special" tickets at discounted prices. Howevever, producers cancelled the play after 23 previews and seven regular performances blaming the effects of the hurricane. 
The show officially closed on November 18, 2012. 
Reception.
The "San Francisco Chronicle" praised the cast, which "keeps the show giggling" with "The Hollywood Reporter" praising Jackson's and Graynor's performances. However, "The New York Times" described it as "going to the planet of second-tier sitcoms." and as "less and less funny as the evening wears on" by "The New York Post". 

</doc>
<doc id="36805925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805925" title="Lambda Pyxidis">
Lambda Pyxidis

Lambda Pyxidis (Lambda Pyx, λ Pyxidis, λ Pyx) is a yellow G-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +4.71. It is approximately 182 light years from Earth.
Lambda Pyxidis is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 36 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 23,400 and 28,100 light years from the center of the Galaxy.

</doc>
<doc id="36805927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805927" title="Dark Flight">
Dark Flight

Dark Flight () is a 2012 Thai horror film. The film was directed by Issara Nadee. It shows the journey of a passenger plane haunted by ghosts that gradually trick the passengers into going insane and killing each other.
Plot.
Ten years ago, a flight SA-407 had supernatural occurrences leading to the death of all passengers leaving one flight attendant, New, unharmed by closing her eyes until the plane will land.
At present time, the plane SA-407 had been repainted and made anew. A family, including Gift, Phen and Jamras, A tourist Ann, her admirer Wave, a couple John and Michelle, a flight attendant Prince, and an engineer of flight, Bank, a monk, an old woman and a pervert American and two other lady attendants and a pilot with the captain board the plane.
Oxygen in the plane started to lower and bank is forced to fix it in the cargo hold. An old woman died in the process. When strange occurrences started to occur from dead bodies disappearing to possessed passengers started killing each other until Gift, Jamras, Phen, Bank and New are the only ones left. Phen is possessed and strangles New but a cart rolls and kills Phen with forks. Bank and Jamras drove and landed the plane safely. At the ambulance, Gift asks where New is and Bank sees her soul in the plane. It just shows that she died with Phen and it all happened because 10 years ago, New only saved herself and did not help the others, thus the spirits wanted to avenge themselves. The film ends when the plane is scheduled to be repainted again and New's spirit is seen inside the plane.
Production.
The film's 3D was handled by the Hong Kong company Digital Magic, which made it the first Thai film shot in 3D.
Release.
The film has also been sold to Encore Films for Hong Kong, Deepjoy Picture Corporation for Taiwan, Clover Films for Singapore and Malaysia, PT Inter Solusindo Film for Indonesia and Filmworks for Cambodia. The film was released in Thailand on March 22, 2012. On its first weekend in Thailand, "Dark Flight" was the second-highest-grossing feature in Thailand, only being beaten by "The Hunger Games". The film grossed a total of $1,133,343 in Thailand and $2,007,612 worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="36805929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805929" title="John Mintoff">
John Mintoff

John Mintoff (born 23 August 1988) is a Maltese international footballer who plays for Sliema Wanderers, as a midfielder.
Career.
Mintoff has played club football for Sliema Wanderers, Mqabba and Floriana.
He made his international debut for Malta in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36805930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805930" title="Kiyan Soltanpour">
Kiyan Soltanpour

Kiyan Saltanpour (born July 23, 1989) is an Iranian-German footballer who currently plays for Berliner AK.

</doc>
<doc id="36805964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805964" title="Kerem Demirbay">
Kerem Demirbay

Kerem Demirbay (born 3 July 1993) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bundesliga club Hamburger SV.

</doc>
<doc id="36805975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805975" title="Sosnovy Bor, Sebezhsky District, Pskov Oblast">
Sosnovy Bor, Sebezhsky District, Pskov Oblast

Sosnovy Bor () is an urban locality (a work settlement) in Sebezhsky District of Pskov Oblast, Russia, located southwest of the town of Sebezh and immediately west of Sebezhsky National Park. Municipally, it is incorporated as Sosnovy Bor Urban Settlement, one of the three urban settlements in the district. Population: 2,877 (2010 Census); 1,860 (2002 Census).
History.
Sosnovy Bor was founded in 1959 as Sebezh-5. It was a settlement serving a secret military installation. On September 1, 1997, the installation was abolished in accordance with the START II treaty. On December 18, 1997, Sebezh-5 was renamed Sosnovy Bor and transformed into a work settlement. The military facilities were transferred to the Ministry of Internal Affairs to be used as a prison.
In 2006, Sosnovy Bor was included into a border security zone, intended to protect the borders of Russia from unwanted activity, but in 2007 it was removed from the zone.
Economy.
Sosnovy Bor is a location of a large prison and provides the corresponding infrastructure.
Transportation.
Sosnovy Bor is connected by a road with Sebezh. It is the terminal point of the road.

</doc>
<doc id="36805989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36805989" title="Cang Ci">
Cang Ci

Cang Ci (birth and death dates unknown), courtesy name Xiaoren, was an official in the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period.
Early career.
Cang Ci was born in the late Eastern Han dynasty and he was from Huainan (淮南; covering roughly present-day Anhui). He started his career as a minor official in a commandery. During the mid Jian'an era (196–220) in the reign of Emperor Xian, Cang Ci was appointed by the chancellor, Cao Cao, as a "Commandant of Pacification and Collection" (綏集都尉) to oversee the tuntian system in Huainan.
After the end of the Han dynasty in 220, Cang Ci served as an official in the state of Cao Wei, which was founded by Cao Cao's son and successor Cao Pi. He served as the "Prefect of Chang'an" (長安令) in the final years of Cao Pi's reign (220–226) and was known for being fair and just. He was respected and admired by other officials and the common people.
Governorship of Dunhuang.
During the Taihe era (227–233) in the reign of Cao Pi's successor Cao Rui, Cang Ci was appointed as the Administrator (太守) of Dunhuang commandery, which was located in the remote regions in western China. Owing to the tremendous disturbances in the core areas of China during that period, Dunhuang had been in a semi-anarchic state for about 20 years – it had no Administrator and its local government was weak, while influential landlords abused their power to oppress the peasantry. The previous Administrators such as Yin Feng (尹奉) and others had allowed Dunhuang to remain in its sorry state and had not made any improvements.
When Cang Ci arrived in Dunhuang, he sought to reform the local government, clamp down on the power of the landlords, and help the poor. He initiated a vigorous programme of land redistribution by seizing excess plots of land from the landlords and giving them to peasants who had no land. He saw that many criminal cases had piled up over the years because the magistrates were unable to pass any judgement and that the prisons were packed. Cang Ci personally handled the cases which had not been reviewed for years. In order to spare petty criminals from being subjected to indefinite detention, he meted out flogging as a punishment to criminals who committed non-capital crimes and released them. His efforts revealed that less than ten crimes a year actually warranted the death penalty in Dunhuang.
As Dunhuang was located near foreign lands, many traders often travelled from the west to China through the Silk Road to pay tribute or to trade. However, many wealthy locals in Dunhuang objected to trading and had even cheated foreign traders, resulting in much unhappiness among foreigners. When Cang Ci heard about this, he personally went to reassure the foreign traders and opened up special routes leading to Luoyang exclusively for those traders, while ordering his men to protect and escort the traders as they passed through. The foreigners were very grateful to Cang Ci.
Death.
Cang Ci died in office after serving for many years in Dunhuang. The people in Dunhuang deeply mourned his death as if they had lost one of their loved ones, and they even drew portraits of Cang Ci to commemorate him. When the foreign traders learnt of Cang Ci's death, they gathered outside government offices to mourn him, while some even offered blood sacrifices. Temples and shrines were also built to commemorate him.
Appraisal.
Chen Shou, who wrote Cang Ci's biography in the "Sanguozhi", commented on Cang Ci as follows: "Zheng Hun and Cang Ci are capable governors. They are among the most famous governors in Wei at the time!"

</doc>
<doc id="36806004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806004" title="Walker Brothers">
Walker Brothers

Walker Brothers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36806011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806011" title="Rocky Mountain Mystery">
Rocky Mountain Mystery

Rocky Mountain Mystery is a 1935 American Western mystery film directed by Charles Barton and starring Randolph Scott, Mrs. Leslie Carter, and Ann Sheridan. Based on an unpublished novel "Golden Dreams" by Zane Grey, the film is about a mining engineer who teams up with a crusty deputy sheriff to solve a series of mystery killings at an old radium mine where the owner's family waits for his death for their inheritance. The film was re-released under the title "The Fighting Westerner".
Plot.
Mining engineer Larry Sutton (Randolph Scott) arrives at the Ballard radium mine to take over as chief engineer from his missing brother-in-law Jack Parson, who is a suspect in the murder of ranch caretaker Adolph Borg. Sutton teams up with deputy sheriff Tex Murdock (Chic Sale) who is investigating the murder. Staying at the ranch with the ailing owner, Jim Ballard (George F. Marion), are his niece Flora (Kathleen Burke) and nephew Fritz (Howard Wilson) who've been notified of their uncle's failing health now wait to inherit his legacy. Also staying at the ranch is a mysterious Chinaman Ling Yat (Willie Fung), the housekeeper Mrs. Borg (Leslie Carter), her son John (James Eagles), and the beautiful and spirited Rita Ballard (Ann Sheridan), another niece, who quickly earns Sutton's trust and romantic interest.
Shortly after Sutton arrives, Ballard's nephew Fritz is murdered by a mysterious cloaked figure in the same manner that Adolph was killed—crushed beneath the massive weight of a stamp mill, a huge apparatus used to pulverize rock to unearth valuable ore. Sutton and Tex find that the ranch guests all have alibis. Soon the mysterious cloaked figure strikes again, shooting young John, attacking Sutton, and slashing Flora's throat. While the investigation continues, Jim, who is apparently an invalid, takes a turn for the worse, prompting Sutton to contact his ex-wife who hasn't been to the ranch in thirty years.
Mrs. Ballard arrives at the ranch, Mrs. Borg tries to prevent her from seeing her ailing ex-husband. Sutton arrives and helps her upstairs where she discover that "Jim" is actually Adolph Borg, and that he and his wife had killed the real Jim Ballard sometime earlier during a takeover attempt by the Borg family. Adolph then tricks Sutton and escapes, taking Rita as a hostage. Sutton follows them to the mine where he fights with Adolph and John, nearly being crushed by the stamp mill. After Adolph falls to his death, Sutton rescues Rita. Afterwards, Mrs. Borg, her son John, and their Chinese servant Ling Yat are sentenced to twenty years in prison, and Tex is made sheriff. Larry and Rita get married and buy a ranch in Hawaii.
Production.
"Rocky Mountain Mystery" was filmed on location at the Doble mine and at the stamping mill on Gold Mountain at Big Bear Lake, Big Bear Valley, California. Based on an unpublished novel "Golden Dreams" by Zane Grey, the film's original working title was "The Vanishing Pioneer". The film was later re-released under the title "The Fighting Westerner".
Reception.
In his review for "DVD Talk", Carl Davis noted the film's uniqueness in its "modern bent for being a western". Set shortly after World War I, the story incorporates automobiles, telephones, and even a modern radium mine that "set the film apart and add depth to this typical, by-the-numbers mystery." Davis concludes, ""The Fighting Westerner" really is a mystery, and a 'fair play' one at that. Enough clues are given so that if the audience pays attention, they can figure out the answer well before the final reel."

</doc>
<doc id="36806030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806030" title="Knight Foundation (disambiguation)">
Knight Foundation (disambiguation)

Knight Foundation may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36806050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806050" title="Volkswagen Australia">
Volkswagen Australia

Volkswagen Australia Ltd was formed in 1957 by Volkswagen AG of Germany and various Australian state Volkswagen distributors. The company acquired the vehicle assembly facilities of Martin & King at Clayton in Victoria, that site having been used for local assembly of the Volkswagen Beetle since 1954. By 1960 sheet metal panels were being pressed at Clayton and by 1967 the engine and most components were being produced there.
In 1967 Volkswagen Australia developed a unique model, the Country Buggy, which used components from the Beetle and the Kombi.
Due to falling sales the operation reverted to assembly only in 1968. A new company, Motor Producers Limited was formed and operations were expanded to include Datsun and Volvo models as well as Volkswagens. The factory was sold to Nissan in 1976 and Australian assembly of Volkswagens ended shortly after.

</doc>
<doc id="36806060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806060" title="Toomas Leius">
Toomas Leius

Toomas Leius (born 28 August 1941) is a former tennis player from Estonia who competed for the Soviet Union.
Career.
Leius was the boy's singles champion at the 1959 Wimbledon Championships. He won the Soviet Championships in 1963, 1964, 1965 and 1968. Other good performances during his career include reaching the final of the 1964 Queen's Club Championships, which he lost to Roy Emerson, and taking Rod Laver to five sets at the 1969 Heineken Open. He was a gold medalist in the mixed doubles at the 1970 Summer Universiade in Turin, with Tiiu Parmas.
His best performance in the singles draw of a Grand Slam tournament came at the 1965 French Championships, where he made the quarter-finals. He was due to face South African player Cliff Drysdale in the quarter-final but the Soviet delegation made him forfeit the match, in protest against apartheid. Leius and Winnie Shaw were mixed doubles runners-up at the 1971 French Open. 
He was a regular fixture in the Soviet Davis Cup team during the 1960s and appeared in a total of 20 ties, from which he managed 23 wins, 17 of them in singles.
Prison.
In the mid-1970s, Leius received an eight-year prison sentence for killing his wife. He had strangled her to death after finding her in bed with another man.
Coaching.
Leius worked as a tennis coach after leaving prison and spent some time as captain of the Estonia Fed Cup team.

</doc>
<doc id="36806061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806061" title="922d Tactical Airlift Group">
922d Tactical Airlift Group

The 922d Tactical Airlift Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 433d Tactical Airlift Wing, based at Kelly Air Force Base, Texas. It was inactivated on 1 November 1994.
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population. 
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments. 
As a result, the 922d Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The group was one of three C-119 groups assigned to the 433d TCW in 1963, the others being the 921st Troop Carrier Group, also at Kelly AFB, and the 923d Troop Carrier Group at Carswell Air Force Base, Texas.
Trained throughout the 1960s with the Flying Boxcar. In 1971, the groups aged aircraft were retired, and replaced by more modern C-130A Hercules transports. It participated in conducting the USAF's C-130A model Hercules pilot, navigator, flight engineer and loadmaster school. It also trained for tactical airlift missions, participating in joint training exercises. It provided airlift of Department of Defense personnel, supplies, and equipment worldwide. Inactivated in June 1974, with personnel and aircraft being assigned to the 921st TAG at Kelly AFB.

</doc>
<doc id="36806067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806067" title="George Reay">
George Reay

George Thompson Reay, (2 February 1900 – 29 May 1970) was an English professional footballer who played for several British football teams during the 1920s and 1930s. After beginning his football career playing for his local colliery in the north-east of England, George went on to play for a number of established football clubs and also made some guest appearances with local teams, before retiring from the sport shortly before the outbreak of the Second World War. After retirement, he spent the rest of his life in Northamptonshire, England where he was employed as a steelworker. 
George's youngest brother, Ted Reay, played for Sheffield United and Queens Park Rangers.
Early life.
George was born on 2 February 1900 at 16 Pit Row, East Howdon, Northumberland, the third child and first son of William Reay and Mary Thompson Peel who had married seven years previously. William was by trade an iron-ship caulker in the local dockyard and was a native of South Hylton, County Durham. Mary Thompson Peel, the great-great niece of the huntsman John Peel was native to East Howdon.
Pit Row was George's childhood home and growing up, he often played football with all of his younger brothers, who all played professionally with the exception of William Reay, who suffered debilitation manifesting as a result of an accident in his youth. When George reached a working age he laboured underground in the local Percy Main Colliery, joining their football team in the period following the end of the First World War. Between 1918 and 1923, he also played for South Shields and Blyth Spartans, before moving to Reading Town for the start of the 1923 season.
Kettering Town.
George received his first real test, joining Kettering Town as an outside right in the 1924/25 season. In the 56 games he played, he scored only three goals. However that year did bring some successes; Kettering finished runners-up to Southampton Reserves in the Southern League and 5th in the East Midlands League. Then, after playing only half of the 1925/26 season (23 games, 2 goals), he was transferred to Raith Rovers for a fee of £700.
Raith Rovers.
George signed for "Raith" on 6 December 1925, making his debut as an outside right thirteen days later in a 2-1 defeat to Partick Thistle. In an article written in The Post (Glasgow) on Sunday 20 December, George was heralded as playing a good game despite some trial and error footwork in accordance with adjusting to Scottish football, as opposed to that which he was used to playing south of the border.
He scored his first goal for the club on 27 February 1926 in a 2-0 victory over Clydebank,which was witnessed by a crowd of 2,000. George's goal came when he "nodded" the ball into the Clydebank goal after the ball fell in front of him. His greatest moment for the club came when he scored Raith's only goal in a 1-1 draw against local rivals Dunfermline, a goal which was warmly recognised by fans, and gained George their affections and a local celebrity status. 
During the 1926-1927 season, George improved further, scoring 12 goals in 36 games, including two goals in a 3-1 win over Ayr. George's efforts helped Raith Rovers to finish the season as Second Division runners-up to Bo'ness, an achievement which was rewarded with promotion for the club. The last appearance he made for them was on 18 April 1928 in the Dunedin Cup Final, an appearance which took his total with the club to 70. He was transferred on 22 May 1928 to Bristol Rovers, having contributed 19 goals for Raith Rovers over three seasons of play.
Bristol Rovers.
Playing for Bristol Rovers, George played in forward position. In his two years there (1928–1929 and 1929–1930), he made 67 appearances and scored 11 times. One of these was in an impressive 3-1 win over Swindon Town who were seven places higher in the league table than Bristol Rovers.
Coventry City.
Next, George's career took him to Coventry City at the end of the 1930 season. A frustrating season meant that he only managed to score three goals for the club in fifteen appearances, however his final goal came in his last appearance for them: a 2-1 win at home against Fulham on 2 May 1931.
Burton Town.
George then moved to Burton Town and the seasons that followed would prove to be the highlight of his footballing career. George achieved an impressive tally with the club, scoring numerous goals and proving to be a very popular and respected member of the team. During the Bass Charity Vase final in April 1932, George helped to set up two of Burton's three goals, and scoring the remaining one.
Retirement.
Returning in a care-taking capacity, George moved back to Kettering Town in 1937 and became the groundsman at Rockingham Road. After settling in nearby Weldon for a short time, he later moved to Corby where he was employed in the steelworks as an electric furnace-man.
The Reay family home still stands today at number 89 Stephenson Way.
Personal life.
George died on 29 May 1970 at the age of seventy, having suffered from lung cancer. He was survived by his wife, Janet Williamson Reay, and four children. Janet was the daughter of a quarry contractor named John and came from a substantial family based in Fife. She had married George in February 1927 during the time he spent with Raith Rovers club.
"Reay Houses", situated on Bowling Green Road in Kettering, are believed to be named in his honour as a gesture of appreciation on behalf of the town for his contributions to the club.

</doc>
<doc id="36806091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806091" title="Peter Goddard (educationalist)">
Peter Goddard (educationalist)

Peter Robert Goddard (1931-7 February 2012), was a leading New Zealand educationalist. He spent his childhood in Auckland and received his secondary education at St Peter's College (1943-1949) and his tertiary education at Auckland University where he studied English Literature and Classics. He later obtained the degrees of ED MA (Hons) ("Auckland"), DipEd ("Auckland"), DipTch AIE("London"). Goddard taught English at Auckland Grammar School and moved to Thames High School as Head of English. He was appointed the fourth Head of English in 1964 at Mount Albert Grammar School which felt "the influence of his enthusiasm and drive". Goddard published a book entitled "A History of the place of grammar in secondary schools from 1920-1967" based on his Dip Ed thesis. He co-authored a book on linguistics and later wrote 7 secondary school English textbooks. In 1968 he took up a lectureship in English at the University of Canterbury. In 1974 he became the foundation Principal of Orewa College. Goddard then held the positions of Inspector of Schools and later the northern regional superintendent of education under the old Education Department. He was the first national Manager for Auckland in the new Ministry of Education from 1989. He retired from that position. Goddard continued as relieving principal at many schools. In retirement he was closely involved with the St Peter's College International Centre. At various times, Goddard was chairman of the Whangarei Education Development Initiative, Auckland Catholic Integrated Schools Board, and the St Stephen's School Board of Trustees. He was a member of the Auckland College of Education Council and the organiser of the Australasian Education Council Conference. Goddard was active in the Territorial Force where he reached the rank of major. He died on 7 February 2012. His Requiem Mass at St Patrick's Cathedral on 13 February 2012 was attended by a congregation of 800. Goddard was a founding member of the Auckland Secondary School Band and Orchestra Festival and served on the committee for over 20 years; the Peter Goddard Memorial Award is awarded annually at the Auckland Secondary School Music Festival (the KBB Music Festival, which endows the award) to "an ensemble whose performance, presentation or behaviour embodies the values that Peter Goddard held" in "recognition of the support given by Peter Goddard during his life time to the development of young musicians".

</doc>
<doc id="36806095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806095" title="Vithabai Bhau Mang Narayangaonkar">
Vithabai Bhau Mang Narayangaonkar

Vithabai Bhau Mang Narayangaonkar (July 1935 – 15 January 2002) was a Tamasha artist.
Early life and career.
Vithabai was born and grew up in a family of artists. She was born in the city of Pandharpur, Solapur district, Maharashtra. Bhau-Bapu Mang Narayangaonkar was the family troupe run by her father and uncle. Since childhood, she was exposed to the various forms of songs like Lavanya, Gavlan, Bhedik, etc. As a student she did not fair very good in school, although she performed with effortless beauty on stage, right from a very young age without any formal training.
Due to the recommendation of Sangeet Natak (Music and Drama) Academy, who had seen her performance, she got the opportunity and honour to perform in Delhi before the then President of India Dr. Rajendra Prasad.
Awards and recognition.
She achieved high appreciation and thereby her troupe was honoured with the most prestigious President's award in the Tamasha genre of art. The Government of Maharashtra also conferred on her the title of "Tamasha Samradini" (Tamasha Empress).

</doc>
<doc id="36806114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806114" title="Indrajayavarman">
Indrajayavarman

Indrajayavarman was the ruler of Khmer empire from 1308-1327. Indrajayavarman was the relative and Yuvaraja of Indravarman III. He came to the throne in 1308.
History.
Information about Indrajayavarman was obtained from four inscriptions and the meager statements in Chinese dynastic history:
The inscription of Mangalartha calls him Srindrajayavarman and calls his kingdom "Srindrajayapura". 
The inscription of Vat Kok Khpos, dated 1309, says the region of Indravarman came to an end in 1308. This inscription speaks of the capital under the name of Yasodharapura. A re-reading, by Coedes, of the inscription of the Bayon, dated after 1327, revealed that the reign of Indrajayavarman lasted until 1327. Yuan-Shih, quoted by Pelliot, says a Chinese mission came to Cambodia to buy elephants in 1320.

</doc>
<doc id="36806117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806117" title="Antalis">
Antalis

Antalis is a genus of tusk shells, marine scaphopod mollusks.
Species.
Species within the genus "Antalis" include:

</doc>
<doc id="36806120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806120" title="Pætur Dam Jacobsen">
Pætur Dam Jacobsen

Pætur Dam Jacobsen (born 5 December 1982) is a Faroese international footballer who plays for Skála, as a midfielder.
Career.
Jacobsen has played club football for Havnar Bóltfelag, Argja Bóltfelag, Skála and EB/Streymur.
He made his international debut for Faroe Islands in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36806133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806133" title="BC Alita">
BC Alita

BC Alita was a basketball club from Alytus, Lithuania. It was founded in 1995, when the BC Savy Vilnius headquarters moved the club to Alytus, regarding the geographical expansion of LKL. A local company started to sponsor club, which was named after the title of company.
BC Alita went bankrupt in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36806141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806141" title="Ferenc Forgách, Archbishop of Esztergom">
Ferenc Forgách, Archbishop of Esztergom

Baron Ferenc Forgách de Ghymes et Gács (1560 – 16 October 1615) was a Hungarian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, who served as archbishop of Esztergom from 1607 to 1615.
Family.
The Forgách family was one of the eldest houses of Hungary. Ferenc's parents were Baron Simon Forgách (died 1598) and Orsolya Pemflinger. His father functioned as Master of Cup-bearers. They had ten children (five boys and five girls), including Zsigmond Forgách, Palatine, and Mihály Forgách, a soldier.
Ferenc Forgách was born as a Lutheran. He converted to Roman Catholicism under the influence of his uncle, Ferenc Forgách, who functioned as Bishop of Várad (today: "Oradea").

</doc>
<doc id="36806142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806142" title="Polyschides">
Polyschides

Polyschides is a genus of gadilid scaphopod.

</doc>
<doc id="36806143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806143" title="International School of Southern Denmark (The Cosmo)">
International School of Southern Denmark (The Cosmo)

The International School of Southern Denmark (The Cosmo) is a private international school located in Kolding, Denmark. The school follows the University of Cambridge International Examinations (CIE) curriculum. The school is supported financially by the Municipality of Kolding and multiple local businesses.
History.
The International School of Southern Denmark was founded in 2008 on the initiative of Kolding Municipality and Kolding Realskole. Kolding Realskole is a Danish language private school which has been operating in Kolding since 1890.
In order to assist in attracting foreign workers and investors Kolding Municipality felt it necessary to establish an international school within the region. Kolding Municipality partnered with Kolding Realskole to make that desire come true. In 2008, Kolding received approval by Cambridge International Examinations (CIE) to open a Cambridge certified school in Kolding.
Curriculum.
The curriculum is based on the British educational system (National Curriculum), specifically the Cambridge International Examinations (CIE) qualifications. The school offers 3 Cambridge certified programs (CIE) for students between the ages of 5 and 16.
CIE qualifications are recognised for admission by UK universities (including Cambridge), as well as universities in the United States, Canada, European Union, Middle East, West Asia, New Zealand, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and around the world.
The School.
The school has a capacity of 150 students. During the 2010-2011 school year, the Cosmo had students from 20 different countries around the world. The school is located in downtown Kolding, which is located at the head of Kolding Fjord, in the Southern region of Jutland. The school is easily accessible by train or bus. Students who attend the school live in the entire region of southern Denmark, including Fredericia, Horsens, Middelfart, Vejle and Billund. 
School Building.
The Cosmo moved location from Sct. Joergens Gaard back to the grounds of Realskolen Kolding. At this location the school will have good facilities. The Classrooms are in mint condition and there is a lot of space for the children to have fun on the big playground.
Awards.
In 2008, the Cosmo was awarded the ‘Innozone prize’ for the best initiative of the year in the Triangle Region (Kolding, Vejle, Fredericia).

</doc>
<doc id="36806144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806144" title="Attack the Gas Station 2">
Attack the Gas Station 2

Attack the Gas Station 2 () is a 2010 South Korean action comedy film, starring Ji Hyun-woo and Jo Han-sun. It is the sequel to "Attack the Gas Station" (1999), and was released on January 21, 2010. 
Plot.
It's been 10 years since Mr. Park's gas station was attacked by motorcycle gangs. To get his revenge, Park hires a quartet of dodgy boys: a lethal puncher, a footballer with a killer high kick, a potbellied wrestler, and a video game addict who mastered the art of bluffing. But these employees turn out to be more dangerous when they demand their overdue salaries.

</doc>
<doc id="36806145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806145" title="Dar al-Tabligh">
Dar al-Tabligh

The Dar al-Tabligh was a Shiite seminary in Qom. It was established in the mid-1960s by eminent grand ayatollah Mohammad Kazem Shariatmadari and soon emerged as one of the most popular hawza for Iranian and foreign students, with a prolific publishing outlet.
In 1973, Dar al-Tabligh opened a women's section, called Dar al-Zahra, which by 1975 counted 150 female students, taught by male teachers from behind a curtain.
With the fall-out between Mohammad Kazem Shariatmadari and Khomeini, the seminary was closed and Shariatmadari was placed under house arrest.

</doc>
<doc id="36806155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806155" title="Scandinavia (album)">
Scandinavia (album)

Scandinavia is the eighth studio album by the Danish soft rock band Michael Learns to Rock. It was released in 2012. This is the second MLTR studio album after "Eternity", to be solely produced by Mikkel Lentz. The track "Any Way You Want It" featured on music charts in Indonesia, India and in their native Denmark. The album has received mostly positive reviews from critics with Musicperk giving 8 ratings out of 10. Timeoutmumbai, a popular Indian site, said: "MLTR's new album is like your old school friend". The album fared well in India and in other South Asian countries.

</doc>
<doc id="36806157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806157" title="Zbigniew Nieradka">
Zbigniew Nieradka

Zbigniew Nieradka is a Polish glider pilot (currently the leader in the glider pilot's world ranking maintained by the FAI Gliding Commission), current World Champion in 18m Class (which title he successfully defended at 2012 World Championships).
Major titles.
Zbigniew Nieradka had also won Polish National Gliding Championships titles in 2012, 2011, 2007, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36806165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806165" title="Labour Women">
Labour Women

Labour Women () is the women's section of the Labour Party of Ireland. All women party members are LW members. Those who wish to be actively involved are included in a mailing list which informs them of events, developments, networking opportunities and any other relevant information.
About.
Labour Women works within the Labour Party to strengthen the party's commitment to tackle the systemic subordination of women across the economic, political, cultural and affective spheres of Irish society and to build commitment to gender-specific analysis of policy and practice within the Party.
The Chair of Labour Women sits on the executive of Labour Equality
History.
In 1971 the Labour Party established the Women's Advisory Committee to advise the Party leader, Brendan Corish, and was the first Irish political party to do so. The members of this first committee were nominated by the Party leader.
In 1974 this changed when the Labour Women's National Council (LWNC) was established as an elected unit of the Party. The structure was representative, and designed to give the LWNC a mandate from Party members. Each constituency was entitled to nominate up to 5 delegates. The Officers and Executive Committee were elected at the AGM by these delegates, as well as an LWNC representative on the Administrative Council (the then ruling body of the Party).
In 1981 Eileen Desmond was appointed Minister for Health and Social Welfare, which she remained (with a short gap in 1982) until 1987
The LWNC and its members were active in the Abortion and Divorce referenda of the 1980s. The Labour Party leader, Dick Spring, refused to endorse the holding of a "Pro-Life" referendum when the leaders of Fine Gael and Fianna Fáil agreed to do so.
In 1991 the Party Conference passed a resolution creating the position of Constituency Women's Officer, with the dual purpose of encouraging the election of at least one woman to the Executive Committee of each Constituency Council and raising the profile of women's issues. It also committed the Party to the creation of the position of Women's Officer for the Party when finances allowed.
In the run-up to the general election of 1992, the Labour Party selected the highest ever number of women candidates, many activists in the LWNC. The programme for government included a commitment to further equality legislation and the creation of a new Department and Minister for Equality and Law Reform. After the election, the formation of the government resulted in Niamh Bhreathnach being appointed Minister for Education, Joan Burton Minister of State at the Department of Social Welfare and Eithne Fitzgerald as Minister of State in the Department of the Taoiseach, while there were altogether 5 women TDs and 2 Senators in the Labour party representation.
Through the 1990s the LWNC continued to be active, both in supporting the Labour Party in opposition and in government and in urging it to deliver policies and programmes relevant to the needs of women. The Labour Party campaigned against the 3 abortion referendums introduced by Fianna Fáil in 1992.
The LWNC was active in the successful campaign led by Mervyn Taylor, the Minister for Equality and Law Reform for the passing of the Referendum to allow divorce. During this period the Party adopted a 25% gender quota for the Executive Committee, General Council and other committees. In 1997 the LWNC presented a new policy document for women at the Party Conference in Limerick. At the end of the decade, the Labour Party and Democratic Left united, with the LWNC receiving an injection of new members. In 1999, the leader of the party, Ruairi Quinn moved on the commitment made in 1991 by the creation of the post of Equality Officer, which included the duties of Women's Officer.
Coming into the early years of the 21st century, the LWNC examined its role within the Labour Party and society as a whole. It revised its constitution and changed its name to the more manageable Labour Women. Labour Women has continued its campaign for reproductive rights in the long aftermath of the abortion referendums of the 1980s and 1990s. It has also continued, like the NWCI of which it could now be an affiliate, to work for improved representation of women in all areas of decision-making, including the political arena. The Labour Party leader, Pat Rabbitte, in 2005 established a party Commission on Women's Participation in the Labour Party which made a number of recommendations in its report.
Structure.
Labour Women Conference is held every two years. At Conference, motions are debated and voted upon, setting Labour Women policy. The Labour Women Executive is also elected at Conference. 
Every Constituency appoints a Women's Officer. Women's Officer is the Constituency link for LW. She communicates information, liaises with the Party Women's Officer, engages women, promotes women and reports to her Constituency. Constituency Women's Officer organizes events in her constituency and connects with the wider community.
Executive.
The Labour Women Executive is elected by women members of the Labour Party at the Labour Women Conference, which is held every two years.
The Executive meets monthly and is responsible for guiding the work of Labour Women towards the achievement of its strategic goals and for convening four Labour Women general meetings each year.
The Executive elects one of its members as the Labour Women representative on the Central Council.
The work of Labour Women is facilitated and coordinated on a day-to-day basis by the Party Women's Officer, Kirsi Hanifin, who is a member of the Labour Party staff team.
The Party Women's Officer is an ex-officio member of the Executive of Labour Women.
The current Labour Women Executive is:

</doc>
<doc id="36806172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806172" title="Roger Bush (priest)">
Roger Bush (priest)

Roger Charles Bush is an Anglican priest who is the present Dean of Truro.
He was born on 22 November 1956 and educated at King's College London, Leeds University and the College of the Resurrection, Mirfield. He was ordained in 1987 and was a curate at Newbold, Derbyshire before becoming a Team Vicar of the Parish of the Resurrection, Leicester and then Rector of Redruth. He was a residentiary canon at Truro Cathedral from 2004 to 2006 
when he became Archdeacon of Cornwall.

</doc>
<doc id="36806174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806174" title="SC Šumice">
SC Šumice

Šumice Sport Center is an indoor sports arena in Belgrade. It is the home of futsal club KMF Konjarnik.

</doc>
<doc id="36806187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806187" title="Anthony Thomson">
Anthony Thomson

Anthony Thomson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36806197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806197" title="Ali Gökdemir">
Ali Gökdemir

Ali Gutda Gökdemir (born 17 September 1991) is an Azerbaijani international footballer of Turkish descent, who plays as a defender for Elazığspor on loan from Hannover 96.
Career.
Gökdemir has played club football in Germany for Hannover 96 II.
He made his international debut for Azerbaijan in 2012, and has appeared in FIFA World Cup qualifying matches. He has also played for Azerbaijan U21.

</doc>
<doc id="36806211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806211" title="Oh Pioneer">
Oh Pioneer

Oh Pioneer is the seventh studio album by Northern Irish recording artist Duke Special. It was released on 9 July 2012 by Duke Special's own record label Adventures in Gramophone.

</doc>
<doc id="36806213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806213" title="Brewing right">
Brewing right

In Medieval times, the brewing right or "gruit right" was one of the privileges granted by the land owner or territorial ruler. Sometimes this right was linked to a plot or a house, called a "beer court"; sometimes the right was held by a hereditary judge, who might also hold the right to run a pub.
This right was first mentioned in a document when Emperor Otto II granted it to a church in Liege in 974. During the High Middle Ages, the cities often acquired this right. They tried to enforce it for some distance outside the city gates, which sometimes led to bitter disputes with the people affected.
The oldest German brewing regulations were written in Augsburg in 1155. The last remnants of the brewing monopoly were eliminated by the Beer Tax Law of 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="36806238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806238" title="Rizvan Umarov">
Rizvan Umarov

Rizvan Umarov (born 5 April 1993) is an Azerbaijani international footballer who plays for the Russian club FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg, as a striker or attacking midfielder.
Club career.
Born in Stavropol, Russia, Umarov has played club football in Russia and Spain for Zenit-2, Castellón and Granada.
On 30 June 2014, Umarov signed long-term deal with Russian National Football League outfit Dynamo St. Petersburg.
National team career.
He made his international debut for Azerbaijan in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36806240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806240" title="923d Troop Carrier Group">
923d Troop Carrier Group

The 923d Troop Carrier Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 433d Troop Carrier Wing, based at Carswell Air Force Base, Texas. It was inactivated on 25 November 1965.
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population. 
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments. 
As a result, the 923d Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The group was one of three C-119 groups assigned to the 433d TCW in 1963, the others being the 921st and 922d Troop Carrier Group at Kelly AFB, Texas 
Operated at Carswell until November 1965 when inactivated as part of a ConAC reorganization of C-119 reserve units. Personnel eventually transferred to incoming 512th Troop Carrier Wing. 

</doc>
<doc id="36806246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806246" title="Ferenc Forgách, Bishop of Várad">
Ferenc Forgách, Bishop of Várad

Baron Ferenc Forgách de Ghymes et Gács (c. 1530 – 19 January 1577) was a Hungarian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, who served as bishop of Várad (today: "Oradea Mare") and Chancellor of Transylvania between 1571 and 1575. His mentor was Nicolaus Olahus.
His nephews were, among others, Palatine Zsigmond Forgách and Archbishop of Esztergom Ferenc Forgách.

</doc>
<doc id="36806248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806248" title="Guamanian Northern Mariana Islands union referendum, 1969">
Guamanian Northern Mariana Islands union referendum, 1969

A referendum on union with the Northern Mariana Islands was held in Guam on 4 November 1969. The proposal was rejected by 58% of voters due to fears about an increase in taxation. Despite the result, a similar referendum was held in the Northern Mariana Islands on 9 November in which 61% of voters supported union with Guam.

</doc>
<doc id="36806259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806259" title="2012 Rallye Deutschland">
2012 Rallye Deutschland

The 2012 Rallye Deutschland is the ninth round of the 2012 World Rally Championship season. Based in Trier, Rhineland-Palatinate, the event took place from 24–26 August. The rally was also the sixth round of the World Rally Championship for Production cars, and the fifth round of the World Rally Championship Academy.
Results.
Event standings.
Notes
Power stage.
The Power stage was a short 4.37 km stage run through the streets of Trier known as the Circus Maximus. The three fastest crews through this stage were awarded by drivers' championship points. Sébastien Loeb was the fastest driver through the stage, earning three additional championship points. His team-mate, Mikko Hirvonen was second, while Volkswagen Motorsport driver Andreas Mikkelsen finished third. The single point Mikkelsen earned marked the first time a S2000 car scored points on a Power stage.

</doc>
<doc id="36806268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806268" title="Sergio Bruni">
Sergio Bruni

Sergio Bruni (stage name of Guglielmo Chianese, 15 September 1921 – 22 June 2003) was a popular Italian singer, guitarist, and songwriter. He was often called "The Voice of Naples".
He was born in the commune of Villaricca, near Naples, Italy. At nine years of age he started attending a school of music. Two years later he was playing clarinet in a local band, which was his first experience as a musician. In 1938 the family moved to Chiaiano, where he started work as a labourer.
In September 1943, while convelescing from the army at home, he heard of the uprising against German troops in Naples. With a number of acquaintances he joined a group of volunteers to oppose the German army in the vicinity. While returning from an action he was seriously injured in a fire-fight with German soldiers, which left him with a permanent limp. After his release from hospital he returned to studying music under Vittorio Parisi and had his singing debut at the Royal Theater in Naples on 14 May 1944.
In October 1944 he won a singing competition which resulted in a contract with Radio Naples, where he worked under the guidance of Gino Campese.
In 1948, he married Maria Cerulli. They had four daughters.
Over the following years he had many successes, both live and recordings. In 1960, he returned to his home in Naples to concentrate on Neapolitan songs. He had a big hit with "Carmela" (1975), which has since become a classic of the Neapolitan genre, and this was followed up by the album '"a maschera Pulecenella", which led to major television and stage appearances the following year.
In March 2000, he left Naples to join his daughters in Rome. In 2001, he recorded his last song, sung with Lino Blandizzi. He died in hospital in Rome on 22 June 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="36806270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806270" title="Ferenc Forgách">
Ferenc Forgách

Ferenc Forgách may refer to:
Ferenc Forgács may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36806284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806284" title="Amédée Méreaux">
Amédée Méreaux

Amédée Méreaux (full name Jean-Amédée Lefroid de Méreaux) (Paris, 17 September 1802 – Rouen, 25 April 1874) was a French musicologist, pianist, and composer. He was the author of "Les clavecinistes de 1637 à 1790", written from 1864 to 1867, which had essays on the composers it mentioned. His grandfather, Nicolas-Jean Lefroid de Méreaux (1745–1797), was a composer of operas and oratorios, while his father, Jean-Nicolas Lefroid de Méreaux, was an organist and pianist and was a composer of piano sonatas. He was a friend of Frédéric Chopin.
His music, while obscure, is somewhat known for its sometimes immense difficulties (his piano works are sometimes more difficult than even those of Charles-Valentin Alkan), and his most famous work is his 60 Études, Op. 63. For example, his "Bravura" étude, Op. 63 No. 24, has passages where the pianist's two hands cross over each other simultaneously every quaver, at the speed of = 100. However, not all of his works have such difficulties. Although his works are considered by some (including Marc-André Hamelin) to be unmusical, this view is not held by all. Despite his current obscurity, some of his Op. 63 études were included in some piano collections edited by Isidor Philipp, and there is a street in Rouen named after him. Recently, five of his Op. 63 études have been recorded by Cyprien Katsaris.

</doc>
<doc id="36806291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806291" title="Burgh-by-Sands railway station">
Burgh-by-Sands railway station

Burgh-by-Sands railway station, originally named Burgh in 1854 a railway station near Burgh-by-Sands, Cumbria on the Port Carlisle Railway branch and later the Silloth branch, serving the small village of Drumburgh. The station and rural district, closed on 7 September 1964; the station building survives as a private dwelling. The line to Silloth closed on 7 September 1964 as part of the Beeching cuts.
History.
In 1819 a port was constructed at Port Carlisle and in 1821, the Carlisle Navigation Canal. was built to take goods to Carlisle. The canal was closed in 1853 and much of it was infilled by the Port Carlisle Railway Company who constructed a railway that started passenger services in 1854, discontinuing them two years later when the Carlisle & Silloth Bay Railway & Dock Company's (C&SBRDC) new railway to Silloth opened, utilising the Port Carlisle Branch as far as Drumburgh. Opened as Burgh railway station, it was renamed Burgh-by-Sands in 1923. 
The North British Railway leased the line from 1862, it was absorbed by them in 1880, and then taken over by the London and North Eastern Railway in 1923.
Infrastructure.
The station sat close the village, reached by Station Road that branched off the mainstreet; it had a single platform, a shelter and a signal box. The branch ran close to the course of Hadrians Wall. A substantial station building was present, together with a station master's house.
Micro-history.
In the 1930s a Walter Tait was the station master.

</doc>
<doc id="36806300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806300" title="Under the Dark Cloth">
Under the Dark Cloth

Under the Dark Cloth is the sixth studio album by Northern Irish recording artist Duke Special. It was self-released on 29 November 2011. It is the result of an invitation by the Department of Photography of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York to write a suite of songs inspired by the work of pioneering photographers Paul Strand, Alfred Stieglitz and Edward Steichen. The songs were co-written by Duke Special and Boo Hewerdine, with the exception of "Washerwoman" which was co-written by Duke Special and Neil Hannon, and are accompanied in the recording by the RTÉ Concert Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="36806309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806309" title="AmaderGaan.com">
AmaderGaan.com

AmaderGaan.com is the largest and most popular music portal of Bangladesh and features the biggest music community for Bengali music. It's a self-financed organisation devoted to promote and spread Bangladeshi music all over the world. AmaderGaan also hosts the only legal online music shop of Bangladesh.
History.
AmaderGaan was founded by Faysal Islam on 31 July 2002. Safwan Khan joined later that year. Initially a website was conceived that would be a meeting place for discussing and sharing music. It Provided free Bengali mp3 for a long time as there was no proper legal system in place back then. In following years, many musicians and music lovers joined the community such as veteran musicians like Maqsoodul Haque (Mac), formerly of Feedback and currently with In Dhaka and musicians from Rockstrata, Cryptic Fate, Arbovirus, The Watson Brothers, Zefyr, RaaGa, and Artcell. With the assistance of Mac, amaderGaan took on a major jump from the virtual to the real world in 2004 with the arranging of a charity concert for Abdur Rahman Boyati, an aging folk musician famous for singing in the style of bauls and boyatis. In 2005, the organization started a 24 hour online radio station in Bengali. amaderGaan took up the cause of 35 solo musicians and bands to promote and host their websites. In 2005, sharing of music was stopped and the first online shop was set up to promote the purchasing of music legally. In 2006, amaderGaan and NewAge, a daily newspaper of Dhaka, began jointly publishing a biweekly chart highlighting sales of the top-selling Bengali albums. Recently, NewAge has also been publishing articles written by amaderGaan members on its paper.
".Loud".
In 2006 AmaderGaan along with Sound Machine Ltd, a leading sound equipment sales and rental, audio and video production and musical event management company in Dhaka started a project titled .Loud (dot loud) to promote musicians all over Bangladesh and around the world via Internet and various other activities. Several artistes and musicians who became a part of the .Loud project will be receiving free web hosting space and domain from amadergaan.com with a 20% discount on recording costs and practice pads at Sound Machine and even official promotion of the respective bands.

</doc>
<doc id="36806313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806313" title="Bride of the Noisemakers">
Bride of the Noisemakers

Bride of the Noisemakers is the fifth album—and second live album—by Bruce Hornsby with his touring band the Noisemakers. The double album, released in 2011, consists of 25 songs recorded between 2007 and 2009.
Track listing.
All songs by Bruce Hornsby, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="36806334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806334" title="Kim Slavin">
Kim Slavin

Kim Nikolaevich Slavin (; February 25, 1928, Leningrad, USSR — February 14, 1991, Leningrad, USSR) was a Soviet Russian painter, a member of the Leningrad Union of Artists, who lived and worked in Leningrad. Kim Slavin regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting, most famous for his landscape paintings. For over forty years, Slavin kept a detailed diary, which was published after his death by his wife, Nina Slavina, a famous painter on porcelain.

</doc>
<doc id="36806346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806346" title="William J. and Lizzie Cullimore House">
William J. and Lizzie Cullimore House

The William J. and Lizzie Cullimore House at 396 W. 1600 N. in Orem, Utah, United States, was built in approximately 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1998. The listing included two contributing buildings.
At the time of its NRHP listing, it was one of only six similar houses remaining in Orem.

</doc>
<doc id="36806354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806354" title="924th Fighter Wing">
924th Fighter Wing

The 924th Fighter Wing is the former name of a United States Air Force Reserve unit that was previously inactive until 2011. Based at the former Bergstrom Air Force Base, Texas, the 924 FW was a subordinate command of Tenth Air Force and was inactivated as a wing on 27 September 1996 concurrent with Bergstrom AFB's closure due to BRAC action.
In January 2011, the 924th was reactivated under Tenth Air Force and assigned to Davis-Monthan AFB, Arizona as the 924th Fighter Group (924 FG), a Geographically Separated Unit (GSU) of the Air Force Reserve Command's 442d Fighter Wing (442 FW) at Whiteman AFB, Missouri. On 1 October 2012, the 924 FG was transferred from the claimancy of the 442 FW to that of a GSU of the 944th Fighter Wing (944 FW) at Luke AFB, Arizona. The 924 FG flies the A-10 Thunderbolt II aircraft and is operationally-gained by Air Combat Command. 
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Troop Carrier Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept, dispersing Air Force Reserve units over centers of population. 
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments. 
As a result, the 924th Troop Carrier Group was established at Ellington AFB, Texas, with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command (TAC) airlift operations.
The group was one of three C-119 groups assigned to the 446th TCW in 1963, the others being the 925th Troop Carrier Group, also at Ellington AFB and the 926th Troop Carrier Group at Naval Air Station New Orleans, Louisiana.
924th flew experimental drop missions in support of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) from 1963 to 1967 and was also part of the USAF Combat Crew Training School, the first Air Force Reserve institution that trained active duty crews. The 924th retired their C-119 Flying Boxcars in 1967, upgrading to the newer C-130A Hercules. The 924ht ferried C-130s to Taiwan in 1966 and to Southeast Asia from 1968-1970, with unit members flying more than 120 missions to Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War. The unit transferred to Military Airlift Command (MAC) control in 1974 and moved to Bergstrom AFB, Texas in 1976 as part of the active duty USAF pullout from Ellington and turnover of the installation to the Texas Air National Guard as Ellington Field ANGB. At Bergstrom, the unit became the first Air Force Reserve unit assigned, and was upgraded to the newer C-130B.
In 1981, the 924th was transferred back to TAC and realigned as the 924th Tactical Fighter Group, converting to the F-4D Phantom II. With the mission change, the 924th was reassigned as a geographically separated unit (GSU) of the Air Force Reserve's 301st Tactical Fighter Wing at Carswell AFB, while the 924th remained at Bergstrom. The 924th trained with the F-4D throughout the 1980s, being upgraded to the F-4E in 1989. With the retirement of all F-4 Phantom IIs from Air Force, Air Force Reserve and Air National Guard service in the early 1990s, the 924th was re-equipped with the Block 15 F-16A Fighting Falcon in 1991. The 924th TFG was the last USAF F-4E Phantom II organization in Air Force Reserve service.
Renamed the 924th Fighter Group, in 1994 the 924th's equipment was again upgraded to the front-line Block 32 F-16C Fighting Falcon and the unit was upgraded to a Wing, renamed the 924th Fighter Wing and coming under the direct command of Tenth Air Force (10 AF). However with the end of the Cold War, Bergstrom AFB was on the list of bases to be closed under the BRAC process, and the 924th Fighter Wing was inactivated in September 1996 with the closure of Bergstrom AFB. Most of the 924th's F-16s were reassigned to the California Air National Guard's 144th Fighter Wing.
In 2011, the unit was reactivated as the 924th Fighter Group (924 FG) at Davis-Monthan AFB, Arizona. As part of the Air Force Reserve Command, the 924 FG was previously a geographically separated unit (GSU) of the 442d Fighter Wing and is now a GSU of the 944th Fighter Wing. The 924 FG currently flies the A-10 Thunderbolt II close air support aircraft. 

</doc>
<doc id="36806356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806356" title="Estonia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Estonia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Estonia competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36806366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806366" title="Dan Amboyer">
Dan Amboyer

Dan Amboyer is an American actor, best known for his starring role as Prince William, Duke of Cambridge in the 2011 Hallmark Channel original film "", which also featured Victor Garber, Jean Smart, and Jane Alexander.
Born in Detroit, Amboyer attended The Roeper School and arts high school Interlochen Arts Academy. Amboyer subsequently continued his studies at the Carnegie Mellon School of Drama, where he was offered early admittance following his junior year of high school. After graduation, he relocated to New York City and began performing in television and theatre.
Amboyer has made guest appearances on the television series "Younger (TV series)", "CBS' Untitled John Cusack Pilot", "Unforgettable", "Law & Order", "Body of Proof", "Inside Amy Schumer", and "Person of Interest". He has been interviewed by entertainment news outlets "Entertainment Tonight", "Access Hollywood", and "E! News". He has worked extensively in Off-Broadway and regional theatre. Amboyer is a founding member of the theatre company "Exit, Pursued by a Bear".

</doc>
<doc id="36806373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806373" title="Football in the Isle of Man">
Football in the Isle of Man

The Isle of Man is not a member of UEFA or FIFA.
Football is one of the most popular sports in the Isle of Man and the island even has its own national football team and league system, despite not being a fully sovereign state or having membership to UEFA/FIFA.
International football.
The Isle of Man is not a member of UEFA or FIFA so the national team cannot enter the European Football Championships qualifiers or the FIFA World Cup qualifiers. The island meets the criteria needed for membership to UEFA, but not much interest has ever been announced. As with the other Crown Dependencies, the Isle of Man Football Association has county status within The Football Association so they are represented by England internationally.
The Isle of Man national football team instead tend to play small scale matches against other non-FIFA teams. 
They are also quite successful in the Island Games, winning silver on 3 occasions. The team play their home games at The Bowl in Douglas.
There is also an alternative national side, the Ellan Vannin football team, founded in 2013.
Domestic football.
Isle of Man Football League.
The Isle of Man Football League is the national football league for amateur teams of the island. The league has two levels consisting of 13 teams each. The league is organised by the Isle of Man Football Association but the winning team(s) cannot enter the UEFA Europa League or UEFA Champions League, due to the islands lack of membership.
Football Cups.
As well as the league, there are also many domestic cups in the Isle of Man:

</doc>
<doc id="36806386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806386" title="Zameen (1943 film)">
Zameen (1943 film)

Zameen is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806387" title="Kirkcolm">
Kirkcolm

Kirkcolm () is a village and an area about 5-1/2 miles in length and 4 miles in width on the northern tip of the Rhinns of Galloway peninsula, Wigtownshire, in the District Council Region of Dumfries and Galloway, forming a small peninsula, bounded on the north and west by the sea, on the east by the bay of Loch Ryan and on the south by the area of Leswalt. The number of acres under cultivation is between 10,000 and 11,000; there are upwards of 1200 acres waste and pasture, and between 100 and 200 planted.
It was noted to have the best black Galloway cattle in the Rhinns.
There was commercial salmon fishery in the north and herrings and oysters in Loch Ryan.
The Village.
Blue Peter Hotel in Main Street was National Pub of the Year for Scotland and Northern Ireland in 2007. (click on photo below)
Parish History.
Kirkcolm, in Wigtownshire, means the Church of St. Columba, thus leaving no doubt as to the dedication of its place of worship. The parish has a spring known as the Crosswell, or St. Columba's Well. Historically Kirkcolm has seen human activity since ancient times when it was known as Kirkcolm Parish. Sheltered from the rough seas of the North Channel and the North Atlantic the loch was, and is to the present time, an important safe harbour for vessels. 
Lady Bay is near Corsewell House. Sir Herbert Maxwell wrote that the farm situated on this bay bore the Erse equivalent in its name — viz., Portencalzie = Portan 
cailleach = Port of the Nuns.
10th-century Viking Carved Stones are found in Kirkcolm churchyard. The cross originally stood close to St Mary's Chapel, Kilmorie (Cill Marie) which was next to St Mary's Well. It was later moved to the grounds of Corsewall House. The cross was re-erected in the Kirkcolm churchyard in 1989. The designs on the magnificent Christian stone cross combines Christian and pagan Scandinavian images, reflecting Galloway's connections with its Viking and Celtic past. One face of the stone has an elaborately carved cross above a design of intertwined animal bodies, and the snake-like heads of some of the animals. On the reverse-side is a representation of the Crucifixion. Below is a figure of a man with a pair of tongs and a bird on his shoulder; this is most likely Sigurid, a super-hero from Viking mythology. It is thought the carvings on the Kilmorie Stone show the triumph of Christianity over paganism.
In the spring of 1307 at the beginning of Robert the Bruce campaign in the Wars of Independence he sent two forces to attempt to gain control of south-west Scotland. One force, led by his two brothers, consisting of eighteen galleys, landed in Loch Ryan. They were immediately overwhelmed by local forces, led by Dougal MacDougal Clan MacDowall who was a supporter of the Comyns.
The Church.
The Kirkcolm established Church of Scotland was Presbyterian. The old Parish Church of Kirkcolm (Kirk Of Kirkcolm), which was in the grounds of Corsewall House, was demolished in 1821 and a new church was built in Kirkcolm, up the hill from the old Kirk, and named Kirkcolm Parish Church. History of Kirkcolm with a map showing sites of churches since the 6th century can be found at the Ervie Kirkcolm church ref The Kirk session, held in the court of the parish, was made up of he minister and the land owners and business men of the parish and dealt with moral issues, minor criminal cases, matters of the poor and education, matters of discipline, and the general concerns of the parish. 
In 1636 sheriff Agnew of Wigtownshire acquired the Kirklands of Kirkcolm from John Gordon.
Places of Interest.
Marian Tower The views from Marian Tower on Craigengerroch Hill above Drumdow are superb. (click on photo below) 
Corsewall Lighthouse a listed 'A' building of major national importance, stands on the north-west coast and the light beams a warning for ships and the new ferries approaching the mouth of Loch Ryan. Some of Scotland's most spectacular coastline is found within and near the Corsewall Light House Hotel. The lighthouse galleries and public areas afford fine views of the Kintyre Peninsula, Arran, the Firth of Clyde, Ailsa Craig and even the coast of Ireland. The Iron Age fort of Dunskirkloch is found here. A wide variety of flora, abundant sea life, seals, birds and even deer can be viewed from here. On a clear night, the beams of several Scottish and Irish lighthouses can be seen. The lighthouse was built in 1815 for the Commisssioners of Northern Lighthouses by Robert Stevenson, engineer father of Robert Louis Stevenson who wrote the novel "Kidnapped" . It was reported in a newspaper that scenes of the film "Kidnapped" were made near this locality.
Corswall Castle (Corsewell Corsewall Krosswell) was owned by Alexander Campbell, a son of Sir Duncan Campbell of Loudoun, whose elder brother Andrew was Sheriff of Ayr. The lands are named from a hill (Cor-siale, " the round hill of the brine ") at the northern extremity of the Rhynns, against which the billows break in a north-western gale in one sweep from Labrador. Corswall Castle lay in a hollow behind it, the lower story vaulted and serving as a cow fort. This oblong keep once rose to three storeys and lay on a mound which was protected by a ditch. Now all that remains are the stumps of the four walls, which do not rise beyond a tunnel-vaulted basement. The wall still contains the lower section of a turnpike stair. A small cannon was discovered here in 1791, while a cache of gold coins, silver-plate and jewellery was uncovered in 1802.
The castle was forsaken in favour of Corsewall House (by Kirkcolm) by the 18th Century. A preposterous story passes current that in the well underneath this was a spring of such power that by raising the lid the owners could at pleasure flood the moat and approaches to the castle ; the origin of which seems a stone lying upon another, and many chisel-shaped stones lay on the beach below it. The ruin of Corsewall (written Corsill) or Corswell Castle is shown on National Library of Scotland, John Ainslie map AD1782 and Krosswell (Corsewall), in this Parish, is on the two 1684 Pont’s maps in the Bleau Atlas.
Ancient Forts.
Rev. George Wilson in Archaeological and Historical Collections relating to Ayrshire and Galloway. vol.V. p.63 lists forts and possible sites.
History.
In AD1623 Alexander Stewart, 1st Lord Garlies was created Earl of Galloway and in AD1627 he was created Baron of Corsewell, Kirkcolm Wigtownshire. There are three charters in the Register of the Great Seal of Scotland dated 12 June 1621, 16 May 1622, 17 July 1623 that mention lands in Kirkcolm. On 17 July 1632, Alexander, Lord Stewart of Garlies (created Earl of Galloway on 19 September following) had a charter of the barony of Corswall, with the castle, etc. which was confirmed by Act of the Scottish Parliament 20 June 1633. Between AD1619-1623 Lord Garlies negotiated with James Stewart, Lord Ochiltrie, for the latter's barony of Corswell. On 17 July 1623 he had a grant of the barony of Corsewell with a grant of burgh of barony to be called the Burgh of Stewarton conveninetly situated for a burgh and spacious and commodious harbour on the coast between Scotland and Ireland. Stewarton was renamed Kircolm Village. Ainslie’s 1782 map showed Lady Galloway (of the Earl of Galloway, Stewart family) at "Fine View", Kirkcolme, and Rev. Andrew Ross at Barsalloch. "Fine View" was probably known as "Corsewell House".
Famous People.
A famous explorer from Kirkcolm was Admiral Sir John Ross (Arctic explorer) (1777 – 1856) of Cairnbrook, south Kirkcolm, Wigtownshire. He was born in Kirkcolm, but later moved to Stranraer. Captain Ross received gold medals from the English and French geographical societies, and various foreign orders, including a knighthood of the Pole Star of Sweden, and in the following year (1834) received a knighthood and a CB in Britain. He married 1stly 1816 to Christian Adair. In 1849 aged about 62years, he had a grant from the Hudson's Bay Company and fitted out the vessel "Felix" which sailed from Stranraer on 23 May 1850. He spent his retirement years at North West Castle his house at the head of Loch Ryan. Another famous explorer was his nephew, Admiral Sir James Clark Ross (1800 - 1862), the Antarctic Explorer who discovered the magnetic south pole, and they were both of Balsharroch / Barsalloch, (Balsarroch, Barony of Corswall / Corswell / Carswell ) Kirkcolm, Wigtownshire. In 1848-49 Sir James Clark Ross was commander of the "Enterprise" in an expedition for the relief of Sir John Franklin and he also accompanied his uncle on Arctic expeditions. The hunt for the North West Passage - the sea route linking the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans - excited explorers for centuries. Admiral Sir John Ross, his nephew Admiral Sir James Clark Ross, and John Richardson were the subjects of a study weekend at North West Castle on ‘The Arctic Scots and the Quest for the North West Passage’. The seminars took place in International Polar Year, focussed on the impact of climate warming. "The voyages in search of the North West Passage seized the imaginations of contemporaries much as space travel does today," said Ted Cowan, Professor of History at Glasgow University who led the study weekend.
Grizel Ross married Alexander Hannay and had a dau Mary Hannay who married Dr. Robert Hannay, and their eldest son Alexander John Hannay, b.1800 d.1846, had a distinguished career as a Doctor of Medicine, Professor of Physics at Anderson`s University, Glasgow, and President of the Royal Medical Society in Edinburgh. 
In the AD1684 Parish List for Wigtownshire, Kirkcolm Parish, John Ros, elder and younger, Alexander & Andro Ros were at Karinbrock (Cairnbrook), and others of the Ros family were at Borland.
Some members of the Agnew family were at Kurckeume (Kirkcolm village) including Patrick Aginew, younger, whilst other Aginew and Aginew were at Clanrie (Clonery on 1782 map, Clonary on c.1654 Pont's map in Bleau Atlas) 

</doc>
<doc id="36806393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806393" title="Hunterwali Ki Beti">
Hunterwali Ki Beti

Hunterwali Ki Beti is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943, and is the sequel to the 1935 film "Hunterwali". Both films starred Fearless Nadia as the heroine and were produced by the Wadia brothers JBH and Homi (her husband) of Wadia Movietone.

</doc>
<doc id="36806397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806397" title="Aabroo">
Aabroo

Aabroo (meaning 'reputation') is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943. The film was directed by Nazir and starred Sitara Devi, Yakub, Masud, Nazir Ahmed, Laddan and Chandabai. The music was composed by Pandit Gobindram.
Nazir had starred with Sitara Devi earlier in "Baagbaan" (1938) and when he re-launched his banner 'Hind Pictures' in 1943, he offered a partnership to Sitara Devi. She acted in all the five films produced by Hind Pictures that year. Four of them including "Aabroo" co-starred Nazir while one ("Salma") had Ishwarlal opposite her. 
Soundtrack.
The music director was Pandit Gobindram and the lyrics were penned by several lyricists namely: Tanveer Naqvi, Rajjan, Hasrat Lakhnavi, Swami Ramanand Saraswati. One version of the old popular song "Inhi Logon Ne Le Leena Dupatta Mera" is rendered in the film by Yakub. The lyrics are credited to Tanvir Naqvi though there is a song recorded earlier than this. The song later gained popularity when used in Pakeezah 1972, sung by Lata Mangeshkar and with lyrics credited to Majrooh Sultanpuri.

</doc>
<doc id="36806401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806401" title="Aadab Arz">
Aadab Arz

Aadab Arz is a Bollywood film directed by V. C. Desai. It was released in 1943. It was produced by "Amar Pictures" which was a company started by Chimanlal Desai after he left National Studios. The film starred Nalini Jaywant, Karan Dewan, Mukesh, and Dulari. The music was composed by Gyan Dutt and the lyricists were Rammurti Chaturvedi, Pandit Indra and Kailash Matwala. 

</doc>
<doc id="36806402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806402" title="Aankh Ki Sharm">
Aankh Ki Sharm

Aankh Ki Sharm is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806403" title="Angoothi">
Angoothi

Angoothi is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806404" title="Ashirwad">
Ashirwad

Ashirwad is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806405" title="Badalti Duniya">
Badalti Duniya

Badalti Duniya is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806406" title="Bansari">
Bansari

Bansari is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806408" title="Bhagta Bhoot">
Bhagta Bhoot

Bhagta Bhoot is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806409" title="Bhaichara">
Bhaichara

Bhaichara is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806410" title="Bhakta Raidas">
Bhakta Raidas

Bhakta Raidas is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806412" title="Bhaktaraj">
Bhaktaraj

Bhaktaraj is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806414" title="Bhalai">
Bhalai

Bhalai is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806415" title="Chhed Chhad">
Chhed Chhad

Chhed Chhad is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806417" title="Rowland Davies">
Rowland Davies

Rowland Davies may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36806419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806419" title="Chhoti Maa">
Chhoti Maa

Chhoti Maa is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806422" title="Duniya Diwani">
Duniya Diwani

Duniya Diwani is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806426" title="Hamari Baat">
Hamari Baat

Hamari Baat is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806428" title="Hong Kong national football team results (2000–09)">
Hong Kong national football team results (2000–09)

This is a list of the Hong Kong national football team results from 2000 to 2009.
2002.
No any matches were played in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36806431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806431" title="Khazanchi Ki Beti">
Khazanchi Ki Beti

Khazanchi Ki Beti is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806432" title="Khooni Laash">
Khooni Laash

Khooni Laash is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806434" title="Ladaai Ke Baad">
Ladaai Ke Baad

Ladaai Ke Baad is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806435" title="Mahasati Ansuya">
Mahasati Ansuya

Mahasati Ansuya is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806436" title="Mahatma Vidur">
Mahatma Vidur

Mahatma Vidur is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806438" title="Mohabbat Ki Jeet">
Mohabbat Ki Jeet

Mohabbat Ki Jeet is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806439" title="Mr. Jhatpat">
Mr. Jhatpat

Mr. Jhatpat is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806440" title="Muskurahat">
Muskurahat

Muskurahat is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806441" title="Nagad Narayan">
Nagad Narayan

Nagad Narayan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806442" title="Nai Kahani">
Nai Kahani

Nai Kahani is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806445" title="Nai Zindagi">
Nai Zindagi

Nai Zindagi is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806446" title="Naya Tarana">
Naya Tarana

Naya Tarana is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806449" title="Pagli">
Pagli

Pagli is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806451" title="Panghat">
Panghat

Panghat is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.
Synopsis.
Durgaprasad Chaturvedi has built a community well for the local people's use. After his passing, his son Jamunaprasad administers the well, restricting its use. Jamunaprasad wishes to marry his daughter Radha to Mohan, son of a businessman. But as it turns out, Mohan is not who he claims to be.
External links.
r

</doc>
<doc id="36806452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806452" title="Poonji">
Poonji

Poonji is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806453" title="Pratiggya">
Pratiggya

Pratiggya is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806454" title="Prem Sangeet">
Prem Sangeet

Prem Sangeet is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806456" title="Prithvi Vallabh">
Prithvi Vallabh

Prithvi Vallabh is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806459" title="Pyara Watan">
Pyara Watan

Pyara Watan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806464" title="Rahgeer">
Rahgeer

Rahgeer is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.It was directed by A. Rashid for Rasik Productions. The film starred Trilok Kapoor, Shantarin, Masood, Yakub, Zohra Sehgal and Shahzadi. The music director was Khan Mastana and the lyricist was Shewan Rizvi. 
Soundtrack.
The music for the film was composed by Khan Mastana and lyrics written by Shewan Rizwi. The songs were sung by Khan Mastana, Zohrabai Ambalewali, Amirbai Karnataki, Faizbai and Ayaz.

</doc>
<doc id="36806465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806465" title="Rahgir">
Rahgir

Rahgir is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806466" title="JASSA Sports Center">
JASSA Sports Center

JASSA Sport Center is an indoor multi-purpose sports arena in Jagodina, Serbia. Hall was opened in 1978. as "Sports Hall Mladost", and current name JASSA is actually abbreviation of Jagodina Sports Association, which manages the hall. It is home arena of KK Jagodina, ŽKK Jagodina 2001, RK Jagodina, ŽORK Jagodina, OK Jagodina and ŽOK Jagodina.
Hall has two stands of the same capacity of 1,300 seats, so that the total capacity of 2,600 seats. Hall area is 5500 m2, while the field size 40x20 meters. From accompanying the sports facilities there are also small hall size 20x12 meter field, bowling, gym and judo hall dimensions of 15x8 meters. The hall is still a restaurant, bar, small and large hall for celebrations and office space for several clubs. Parking in front of the hall has space for 1,000 vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="36806467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806467" title="Ram Rajya">
Ram Rajya

Ram Rajya is a 1943 Bollywood historical film, directed by Vijay Bhatt, with Prem Adib and Shobhna Samarth in the lead roles of Rama And Sita. It was the third highest grossing Indian film of 1943.
The film gained significance, as for title it used the term "Ram Rajya" (Rule of Rama), Mahatma Gandhi often used to define democratic-righteous rule during the Indian independence struggle, and it was the only film he, who didn't think much of the medium, ever saw.
First Indian movie that premiered at USA.

</doc>
<doc id="36806468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806468" title="Rekha (film)">
Rekha (film)

Rekha (film) is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806469" title="2012 Guangzhou International Women's Open">
2012 Guangzhou International Women's Open

The 2012 Guangzhou International Women's Open was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 9th edition of the Guangzhou International Women's Open, and part of the WTA International tournaments of the 2012 WTA Tour. It took place in Guangzhou, China, from September 17 through September 23, 2012.
Champions.
Singles.
It was the second title of the year and the second of her career for Hsieh. It was the first tour level final of her career for Robson.
Singles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
The following player received entry as lucky loser:
Doubles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:

</doc>
<doc id="36806471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806471" title="Shahenshah Akbar">
Shahenshah Akbar

Shahenshah Akbar is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806473" title="Shankar Parvati">
Shankar Parvati

Shankar Parvati is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806474" title="Shri Ramanuja">
Shri Ramanuja

Shri Ramanuja is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806475" title="Vakil Saheb">
Vakil Saheb

Vakil Saheb is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806476" title="Vijay Lakshmi">
Vijay Lakshmi

Vijay Lakshmi is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806477" title="Lyudmila Khazieva">
Lyudmila Khazieva

Lyudmila Khazieva (; born 3 November 1947) is a retired Ukrainian swimmer. She won a bronze medal in the 400 medley event at the 1966 European Aquatics Championships, as well as six national titles between 1964 and 1966, mostly in medley events. She continued competing during the 1990s and won another national title in the masters category in 1992.
Khazieva was born in Kharkiv and graduated from the Kharkiv Polytechnic Institute. In Kharkiv she married the renown Soviet water polo player Alexei Barkalov. They had a son Dmitri (1969–2001), also a competitive water polo player.

</doc>
<doc id="36806478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806478" title="Wapas">
Wapas

Wapas is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36806480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806480" title="Last Days of Issa's Father">
Last Days of Issa's Father

The was a diary of Kobayashi Issa, the title referring to the last days of his father. This is said to be the very root of Japan's I novel.
Synopsis.
Kobayashi Issa (1763–1828), one of the four great haiku masters of Japan, along with Matsuo Basho, Yosa Buson and Masaoka Shiki, described the last days of his father in his diary, beginning when his father suddenly developed fever and became seriously ill and continuing until a week after his demise. The weakening father and conflicts between his step-mother, his brother-in-law and him were vividly described in a factual manner. However, the diary was intended for publication, and thus had some embellishments. The title given by Tsukasue Tsuyuka, , became the established title.
Kobayashi Issa.
One of the four great masters of haiku, Kobayashi Issa was born as the first son of a family of Kashiwabara, now part of Shinano-machi, Shinano Province (present-day Nagano Prefecture). Issa endured the loss of his mother, who died when he was three. He was cared for by his grandmother, who doted on him, but his life changed again when his father remarried five years later. Issa's half-brother was born two years later, and when his grandmother died when he was 14, he was sent to Edo (present-day Tokyo) by his father one year later to eke out a living. He wandered throughout Japan and when he returned to his home in 1801, he experienced the sudden onset of disease of his father, and wrote about the last days of his father in a diary.
About the diary.
The diary was written by Kobayashi Issa on the back of sheets of Saitancho, or New Year's memorandum paper. It was passed down by generations of the descendants of Kubota Shunko, one of Issa's disciples. It was well bound with a title page by Ogihara Seisensui and preserved at Issa-kan, a museum related to Issa in Takayama-mura, Nagano Prefecture.
Evaluation.
Ogihara Seisensui wrote that the diary, describing what happened in only 35 days, including the important event of his father's death, expressed strong emotions in every word and phrase. Everyday happenings—what he felt, what his father said—became very interesting and revealed Issa for the first time. While the diary portrays the last days of his father, at the same time, it also reveals Kobayashi Issa as a faithful child of his father, and constitutes a part of his autobiography. Issa cared for his father very sincerely, and what he wrote moved people to a great extent.

</doc>
<doc id="36806493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806493" title="List of Strawberry 100% episodes">
List of Strawberry 100% episodes

This is a list of episodes from the anime series . Strawberry 100% TV series has 13 episodes. Each episode consisted of two short stories. The last pair of stories were not broadcast in the original run; lately this episode has become known as episode 10.5. The first OVA was released before the TV series aired, but chronologically the OVA story is direct continuation of the TV series. The second OVAs are not a continuation of the TV series, but are rather separate episodes based on certain chapters from the Strawberry 100% manga.
TV series.
"The episode titles are given in story chronological order."

</doc>
<doc id="36806495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806495" title="Narbona Pass">
Narbona Pass

Narbona Pass (formerly Washington Pass) is a pass through the Chuska Mountains, an elongated range on the Colorado Plateau within the Navajo Nation.
A paved road, New Mexico Highway 134, crosses the range through Narbona Pass, connecting Sheep Springs to Crystal.
The pass was named after Colonel John M. Washington, who led an expedition into Navajo country in 1849,
and whose troops shot the Navajo leader Narbona after he came to discuss peace.
In 1992 the pass gained its current name, which honors Narbona.
Geology.
The Narbona Pass runs through the crater of the long-extinct Narbona Pass volcano, which formed from violent explosive activity.
Before being eroded to their present condition, many of the Chuska-Shiprock volcanoes may have had similar explosive vent structures.
The basal deposits in the crater are to thick, composed of massive lapilli tuff or tuff breccia, overlaid by layers of different deposits
that indicate a series of explosive phases. These created a complex mix of sheets of volcanic ash overlaid by thick trachytic lava flows.
Three basalt magma flows occurred between 27.5 and 24.3 million years ago.
The crater is around across, with walls high.
Chuska sandstone is exposed along the crest of the Chuska Mountains in the west of the Narbona Pass.
It is the remains of the Chuska erg, a windswept sand field from the Oligocene era, about 34 million to 23 million years ago.
The erg is thought to have covered about in the southeast Colorado Plateau, and was surrounded by volcanic fields of the same era.
The sandstone mostly came from the Precambrian basement of central Arizona, with uranium-lead dates peaking around 1700 million years ago and 1425 million years ago.
The sandstone to the west was later eroded, with being lost in the basin, but remnants remain on the mountains.
Climate.
On 3 September 1849 the diarist of the Washington expedition said of the western entrance to the park, "I noticed towering pines and firs, also the oak, the aspen, and the willow; and bordering the stream there was a great variety of shrubbery, the hop vine, loaded with its fruit, being intertwined among them. Flowers of rich profusion and of every hue and delicacy, were also constantly before the eye–upwards of ninety varieties having been picked up since we entered the gorge Pass yesterday. Indeed, we are all in hopes that, yesterday and today, we have been having an earnest of what we may yet behold in this part of the world–a rich, well-timbered and sufficiently well-watered country."
However, even in July, the temperature is cool, only reaching at noon.
Only two months of the year are free of frost.
In the winter, up to of snow may accumulate in drifts on north-facing slopes in the pass.
Writing in 1884 about a proposed sheep ranch, Thomas Keam said, "The mountain plain was very pleasant in summer, but entirely impracticable in winter, as it is one of the coldest places on the reservation. was told that it was one of the coldest places on the reservation ... in winter ... it is often covered with two feet of snow."
Prehistory.
Narbona Pass Chert is finely textured and has regular breakage patterns that make it an excellent material for making stone tools and weapon heads by flintknapping.
The chert has a variety of colors including white, pale blue, dark gray and pink.
The Narbona Pass in the Chuska mountains holds the only known quarry for this pure, fine-grained and distinctive rock.
The chert was traded throughout what is now the Four Corners region, then inhabited by the ancient Pueblo Peoples,
often called Chaco people after their rock wall structures in Chaco Canyon to the east of Narbona Pass.
Apart from the buildings in the Chaco Canyon, there were great houses distributed across the lands of the Chaco people, some dating from the Chaco era (900–1150 AD) and others of more recent date. Exotic materials like Narbona Pass Chert are found much more often in the Chaco Canyon assemblages of stone tools than in those of the other great houses. In Chaco Canyon between 1020 AD and 1120 AD, the chert accounted for more than 20% of the material used for making stone tools, apparently imported in its raw form rather than as manufactured tools.
Narbona Pass chert is also present in Bluff great house, Navajo Springs and Lake Valley from the Chaco period, but accounts for less than one part in a thousand of the total chipped stone. It is not found at all in Chimney Rock Pueblo or Raton Well. However, it is common in the assemblages of Crumbled House, on the lower slopes of the Chuska Mountains, which was occupied after the Chaco Canyon period.
In January 2009 researchers from the Crow Canyon Archaeological Center found a projectile point made of pink stone in Bluebird House, a small pueblo in the Goodman Point group of the Hovenweep National Monument, about to the north of Narbona pass.
The material was identified as Narbona Pass Chert, a rare find for archaeological sites anywhere in the Mesa Verde region to the north of the San Juan River. Most likely the artifact was made during the period between 1000 AD and 1140 AD, when there was an extensive regional trading network centered on Chaco Canyon.
It was probably manufactured using a pressure flaking technique in Narbona Pass before being exported to Crow Canyon.
The Pueblo flintknapper would have used a long, pointed "soft-hammer" such as a deer antler.
Early history.
The Navajo people, Southern Athabaskan nomadic hunter-gatherers, arrived in the southwest around 1400 AD and settled in the mountains between the valleys occupied by the Pueblos. The Navajo became farmers, and then herders. Through raids, trade and intermarriage, the Navajo acquired many aspects of the Pueblo culture.
However, they remained warlike and in effect defined the northern limit to Spanish expansion.
The stronghold of the Canyon de Chelly, to the west of the Narbona Pass, became the sacred center of the Navajo people.
Narbona Pass was called "Beesh Lichii'ii Bigiizh", or Copper Pass, by the Navajo people.
The Navajo see the Chuska range as the body of a male god. Chuska peak is its head, Narbona Pass the neck, the Tunicha and Lukachukai ranges are the body and the Carrizo Mountains are the legs and feet.
During the early nineteenth century there were frequent Navajo raids into Mexican territory and attacks on traders using the Santa Fe Trail, and counter-raids by the Mexicans, often for the purpose of slavery.
In 1804 the Navajos made attacks on the Spanish military post at Cebolletta, and on nearby settlements.
They were trying to recover their grazing land at the foot of Mount Taylor, their sacred Turquoise Mountain.
In 1805 the Spanish Lt. Col. Antonio Narbona (no relative of the Navajo leader) crossed the Narbona Pass on a retaliatory expedition from Zuni Pueblo into Canyon de Chelly. The Narbona expedition killed more than 115 Navajo and took 33 women and children as slaves.
In February 1835 the Mexican Captain Blas de Hinojos left Santa Fe and headed west into Navajo country with a force of almost 1,000 Mexican troops on a slaving expedition. On 28 February 1835, Hinojo's force entered the pass.
The Navajo headman Narbona had heard of Hinojos's advance, knew he had to come through the pass to reach the Canyon de Chelly, and had carefully prepared an ambush by about 250 warriors.
Narbona held back his forces, who were hidden on both sides of the defile. He told them that when the time was right, and not before, they would cut the long file of men into small pieces, like cutting a long tree trunk into firewood.
When the owl hoot signal was given, the Navajos poured arrows into the column, those who had guns fired, and some threw stones or rolled rocks into the gorge. Taken completely by surprise, both men and horses panicked and were routed.
Many of the Mexicans were killed, including their leader. It is said that the bones of some of those killed in the battle may still be found in the pass, as can some of the wooden ladders that the Navajos used to climb up the Standing Rocks where they hid before the ambush.
In 1849, shortly after the United States had taken control of New Mexico from the Mexicans, Colonel John M. Washington led a strong force of soldiers and volunteers west into Navajo country. They were met by Navajo envoys who said they were willing to discuss peace, and then encountered the main Navajo forces.
The Navajos, led by Narbona and José Largo, brought gifts that included many sheep and horses.
After the talks, one of the Navajos was accused of stealing a horse from a Mexican who was accompanying the troops.
When the Navajos made to leave, Washington's troops shot six of them as they fled, including Narbona.
The 82-year old Narbona, with his long white hair, was scalped by a U.S. militiaman.
The expedition moved on through the pass, which they named "Washington Pass" in honor of their leader.
Later history.
In 1864 Colonel Kit Carson began a scorched earth policy with his 1st Regiment New Mexico Volunteer Cavalry, destroying the Navajo herds and crops, followed by an invasion of Canyon de Chelly. Eight thousand Navajos were forced to walk to Fort Sumner in the east of New Mexico in 1866, where they were expected to take up farming. Many died on the march or later from smallpox. The survivors were allowed to return in 1868, and were assigned reservation lands that covered by 1886.
The first known trader in the Washington Pass was Romulo Martinez, a Spanish-American from Fort Defiance, in 1873.
On 31 March 1877 Perry H. Williams was licensed to trade at Washington Pass.
Ben Hyatt traded there from 1882 to 1884, and Stephen Aldrich and Elias Clark traded for one season in 1884.
The names of other traders are recorded for the following years, but they seem all to have been temporary, trading from tents in the summer season.
In 1896 John Bradford Moore arrived, an Irishman from Sheridan, Wyoming who had no problem with the climate. He bought the trading site, then cut timber in the mountains and hauled it down to build a log trading post, which he stocked with supplies carted from the rail head in Gallup. His post was in the western entrance to the pass.
He named it the Crystal Trading Post. During the winter months, he employed Navajo weavers to make rugs. Moore ensured that the wool and the weaving was good quality, and created designs of his own, quickly gaining a reputation as a source of good quality rugs.
Moore's business flourished, and in 1903 and in 1911 he published mail-order catalogs, drawing business from across the United States.
Moore understood what the market in the eastern United States would value, and in his catalog stressed the use of natural materials and primitive technology. Nevertheless he introduced production-line techniques, and had no problem with using machine-produced yarns with synthetic dyes.
Traders in Navajo rugs had to keep costs down to be able to offer competitive prices, therefore wages were low. Talking of the weaver's life, Moore said, "there is no more dismal wage proposition than her remuneration for her part in the industry. Given any other paying outlet for her labor, there would very soon be no such thing as a blanket industry ... it is her one and only way of earning money."
Moore was succeeded by A. J. Molohon, who continued to introduce complex non-Navajo styles that probably drew on Oriental rug designs.
The Crystal Trading Post was owned by the C.C. Manning company from 1919 to 1922. Later Charlie Newcomb and then Jim Collyer owned the post.
Until the 1930s the Crystal rugs were bordered, with a central design woven in natural colors, sometimes with some red.
After this, the style changed to banded rugs with distinctive "wavy" lines made by alternating weft strands in two or three different colors. A typical new-style Crystal rug will alternate groups of two or three wavy or solid lines with broader bands decorated with patterns representing squash blossoms or geometrical motifs. The newer rugs are woven in muted colors such as rust, rich brown and grey, but may include pastel colors.
In 1944 Don Jensen bought the post, holding it until 1981. Apparently Jenson developed the current Crystal rug.
The Navajo gradually became more prosperous and more autonomous, although there were periodic problems such as crises of overgrazing. In the 1950s development of coal, oil and uranium brought money into the Navajo community along with social problems and pollution.
Most Navajos forgot about the past events and assumed the pass was named after George Washington, or perhaps Washington, D.C.
However, in 1990 students of the Navajo Community College in Shiprock learned the true history, became indignant about having an enemy of the Navajos commemorated in the name of an important location in the Navajo Nation, and started a campaign to change the name to "Narbona Pass". They gained widespread support. On 10 December 1992 the United States Board on Geographic Names voted unanimously in favor of the change, perhaps the first time that Native Americans initiated a place name commemorating a Native American. Narbona Pass is also one of the few Native American sites to be named after the victim in a dispute.
Today.
The 33rd Annual Narbona Pass Classic, formerly the Washington Pass Classic, was held on 1 July 2012.
There were three events: a non-competitive fitness walk, a run and a run.
The 10 km race, among the top 100 races over this distance in the United States, is held every year on the 4th of July weekend. In 2000, almost all of the 400 or more competitors in the very demanding race were local, supported by their family and friends with a relaxed outdoor barbecue environment around the finish line.
Running is part of the Navajo culture, although perhaps because that culture also de-emphasizes competition there are relatively few Navajo runners at the elite levels of the sport.
The Narbona Pass Classic race is challenging, through difficult forest terrain.
Nicholas Kipruto, a former Diné College runner from Kenya, set a record for the 10 km race in 2009 with a time of 34:07.
The winner in 2011 was Jackson Thomas of Naschitti with a time of 39:43.
That year three of the competitors in the 5 km race were women in their seventies.
In 2012 Kipruto won again with a time of 34:36 followed by Jackson Thomas with a time of 39:40.
There is a relatively easy cross-country ski trail in the crater from the road to Todacheene Lake.
It is about long with a vertical gain of .
The road up to and through the pass is also used for biking. With an out-and-back length of , starting at and rising to at the top of the pass, the rider must be in good physical shape. Part of the reward is the spectacular panoramic views.
There is an unserviced campground in the pass. A fee is payable, and campfires are allowed.
References.
Notes
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36806498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806498" title="Aston Centre for Europe">
Aston Centre for Europe

The Aston Centre for Europe (ACE) is a mutli-disciplinary research hub located within Aston University, UK. Its focus is on contemporary analysis of the politics and policies of the European Union, governance in the wider Europe, and Europe’s global relations. It was launched in 2009 with the support of a major grant from Aston University’s Strategic Investment Fund.
Masters students are an important element of the Aston Centre for Europe and are actively encouraged to take part in the events, seminars, debates and workshops that ACE offers throughout the academic year. ACE delivers a suite of 5 academic programmes at Masters (MA) level.
History and Leadership.
The Aston Centre for Europe is co-directed by Professor Simon Green, an expert in immigration policy and German politics, Professor John Gaffney, an expert on political leadership, and Dr. Nat Copsey, an expert in European integration and the EU’s international relations.
ACE has a number of practitioner fellows who act in an advisory capacity. Many of these have significant experience in European institutions, regulatory politics and policy-making, as well as academia.
Research and development.
Conferences
Conferences and workshops addressing European policy issues have been delivered by the Aston Centre for Europe since its inception in 2009. 
Cooperation
The Aston Centre for Europe delivers a number of its Masters programmes in co-operation with the Institut d'études politiques de Lille (Sciences-Po, Lille), the Institut d'études politiques de Rennes (Sciences-Po, Rennes), and the Otto-Friedrich University of Bamberg, Germany. 
ACE has also delivered professional training courses and workshops on European integration to civil servants from the Russian federation.

</doc>
<doc id="36806499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806499" title="Kaviraj (lyricist)">
Kaviraj (lyricist)

Kaviraj () is an Indian lyricist and writer. He is best known for writing lyrics for Kannada films since his debut in 2003 for the film "Kariya". He has written lyrics for over 800 feature film songs and has won many awards including Filmfare Awards South and Suvarna Film Awards. He is considered one of the top five lyricists of Kannada cinema in the present times.

</doc>
<doc id="36806500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806500" title="EB-3 visa">
EB-3 visa

The EB-3 is an immigrant visa preference category for United States employment-based permanent residency. It is intended for "skilled workers", "professionals", and "other workers". Those are prospective immigrants who don't qualify for the EB-1 or EB-2 preferences. The EB-3 requirements are less stringent, but the backlog is much longer: typically 6 to 9 years, except for residents of India and China, for whom the backlog is even longer, sometimes more than 12 years. Unlike persons with extraordinary abilities in the EB-1 category, EB-3 applicants require a sponsoring employer. There is no "self-petition" category.
Eligibility criteria.
The EB-3 category has three subcategories: EB-3A, Professionals; EB-3B, Skilled Workers; and EB-3C, Other Workers . For each, eligibility requirements include:
Separate requirements for each category are: 
Quotas.
As of September 2012, the Department of State determined that the FY-2012 numerical limit for the worldwide employment-based preference must be 144,951, and the per-country limit must be 7% of the worldwide cap, regardless of the population of the country (this explains the enormous backlog for India and China). Out of this, the EB-3 category is limited to 28.6% of the worldwide level, plus any numbers not used by EB-1 and EB-2 ("spillover"), and with not more than 10,000 for "other workers".
Application.
The application process begins with obtaining a labor certification, by submitting ETA Form 9089. The applicant does not need to be employed when the labor certification is filed; a future job offer is sufficient. The labor certification will accompany the actual application, the "Petition for Alien Worker" (form I-140), which will confirm the applicant's priority date. The spouse and minor children of the EB-3 applicant may also be admitted to the United States under E34, E35, EW4 ot EW5 visas. During the lengthy application process, many persons in the EB-3 category acquire additional experience or education, and are eligible apply for an "upgrade" to EB-2.
Costs.
As of September 2012, the Department of State application processing fee for employment-based immigrant visas is . The fee for the USCIS "Petition for Alien Worker" (form I-140) is . Other costs include medical examination and, if applicable, required vaccinations; translations; fees for obtaining supporting documents such as passport, police certificates, birth certificates, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="36806502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806502" title="Nutation (engineering)">
Nutation (engineering)

In engineering, a nutating motion is similar to that seen in a swashplate mechanism. In general, a nutating plate is carried on a skewed bearing on the main shaft and does not itself rotate, whereas a swashplate is fixed to the shaft and rotates with it. The motion is similar to the motions of coin or a tire wobbling on the ground after being dropped with the flat side down. "Precession" is the physical term that can refer to this kind of motion.
The nutating motion is widely employed in flowmeters and pumps. The displacement of volume for one revolution is first determined. The speed of the device in revolutions per unit time is measured. In the case of flowmeters, the product of the rotational speed and the displacement per revolution is then taken to find the flow rate.
A nutating disc engine was patented in 1993 and a prototype was reported in 2006. The engine consisted of an internal disk wobbling on a Z-shaped shaft. Nutation has also been used in drive systems for gearboxes, with proposed uses including helicopter rotors, seat recliners and a European Space Agency probe to Mercury.

</doc>
<doc id="36806504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806504" title="Nationalist revolution">
Nationalist revolution

Nationalist revolution may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36806506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806506" title="Yeniyurt, Erdemli">
Yeniyurt, Erdemli

Yeniyurt is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated in the peneplane area of the Taurus Mountains. Distance to Erdemli is and to Mersin is . The population of Yeniyurt was 262 as of 2011. The area around the village is full of Roman ruins including a castle and two bridges still used by the pedestrians. But ther village was founded during the Ottoman era. It was originally a part of Veyselli village. But it 1933 it was issued from Veyselli and was declared a village. Main economic activity is farming. Tomato and various other vegetables and fruits are produced.

</doc>
<doc id="36806507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806507" title="Dimitris Diamantopoulos">
Dimitris Diamantopoulos

Dimitrios "Dimitris" Diamantopoulos (, born 18 November 1988) is a Greek footballer who currently plays as a striker for Apollon Kalamarias.
Club career.
Born in Thessaloniki, Diamantopoulos started his career at the youth teams of PAOK. He signed his first professional contract in 2007 for local club Thermaikos – during his two-year stay, he made a total of 42 appearances and scored 7 goals in the Football League 2. In 2009 he moved to another Football League 2 side, Eordaikos, where he made 26 appearances and scored 6 goals.
In 2010 he moved to Veria in the Football League, where he stayed for 18 months with no goals scored in 14 appearances. In January 2012 he moved to Fokikos in the same league, for which he made 20 appearances, scoring 6 goals and being one of the masterminds of the team's performance in the second half of the 2011–12 season, where the newly promoted club narrowly escaped relegation.
In July 2012 he moved to Kerkyra in the Greek Superleague.

</doc>
<doc id="36806508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806508" title="Geronimo B. de los Reyes">
Geronimo B. de los Reyes

Geronimo B. de los Reyes is a Filipino entrepreneur, philanthropist, and patron of the arts. He is the chairman of Gateway Business Park in Cavite. Established in 1990, the park houses Philippine-based industrial companies.
He was educated at De La Salle College.
Early life.
Geronimo B. de los Reyes was first employed by an international airline. He worked irregular hours, carried baggage and cargo, and slept on a cardboard mat on the floor of the office for years, at the old airport in Paranaque. All the hard work and persistence paid off when the company eventually granted him favorable hours, allowing him to take evening classes to ﬁnish college. 
He has acquired 12 corporations involved in the trading and supply of building products, hardware, and accessories. He has ventured into land development, construction of condominium apartments and the Gateway Business Park, an industrial estate in Cavite. GBP is Cavite’s premier industrial park, on 180 hectares in General Trias. 
De los Reyes’ real estate and construction achievements include the Paciﬁc Plaza high-rise on Makati’s plush Ayala Avenue, and dozens of ediﬁces as well as the Gateway Business and industrial Park.
A main beneficiary of his philanthropy has been the Geronimo B. de los Reyes Foundation, Inc. which promotes education by providing scholarships for poor children. The foundation also supports faculty development and research studies on the graduate school level. The foundation assists in preserving the environment through a centralized waste water plant at G.B.P., and conducts seminars on environmental care.
Geronimo B. de los Reyes Museum.
de los Reyes opened a museum with photographs of the Philippine Revolution, the Filipino-American War, and the Philippines at the turn of the century, along with a collection of books dating back to the late 15th century, including the first edition of the Nuremberg Chronicle (1493), at the Gateway Business Park in General Trias, Cavite.
Complementing the book collection and 1,809 woodcut prints which include a 15th century illustration of Jerusalem, is an antique map collection housed in a pavilion which includes maps drawn by historic cartographers such as Ortelius, Hondius, Bleau and Dudley. The first map exclusively of the Philippines, made by Petrus Kaerius in 1598, is displayed alongside the most famous Philippine map, that of Pedro Murillo Velardo, with its illustrated border panels depicting native life, customs, ﬂora and fauna (1734).

</doc>
<doc id="36806520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806520" title="Edinburgh East Lothian">
Edinburgh East Lothian

"Edinburgh East Lothian Shinty Club" was a sports club, a shinty club which played in the South Division 2 Shinty League, based in Musselburgh, East Lothian. They were formerly known as Musselburgh Camanachd until 2000. In 2007 they withdrew from the league due to team-raising difficulties. The club is currently dormant.
History.
The sport arrived in East Lothian during the early 1990s, principally at the instigation of Dougie Hunter and Ian Watt. The team played originally as Musselburgh Camanachd Club, in royal blue and white stripes, at Levenhall Links.[http://www.enjoyleisure.com/Centre.aspx?comp_id=38]
The club (in all its forms) played in the South Divisions of the Marine Harvest League and associated cup competitions. After a particularly difficult season in the upper division, Musselburgh found itself in a perilous state - it was at this juncture that the club was reconstituted.[http://pqasb.pqarchiver.com/smgpubs/access/60122505.html?dids=60122505:60122505&FMT=ABS&FMTS=ABS:FT&type=current&date=Jan+19%2C+1998&author=HUGH+DAN+MacLENNAN&pub=The+Herald&desc=Kyles+back+on+road+to+glory&pqatl=google]
At the suggestion of Secretary, Euan FS Pearson, the club reformed in 2000 as Edinburgh East Lothian Shinty Club,(to broaden its catchment area) and a new Constitution was adopted. EELSC were narrowly pipped to the league title during the two years after reformation - the latter amidst controversy over match cancellations/walk-overs. Read more about this period in an extract from the Shinty Yearbook, 2002. The club had links with hurling sides as well.[http://www.scotsman.com/sport/irish-raiders-on-song-in-battle-of-ancient-sports-1-946996
Successes were also achieved at the St Andrews sixes (1999) and the Inverness sixes Rosedean Shield (2002 & 2004)The club sporadically contested the Hunter Eccles Trophy against St Andrews University.[http://www.shinty.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/St-Andrews-Sixes-Invite-2012.pdf
With the change to summer shinty in 2004, Edinburgh East Lothian found themselves in a large South Division One, where they routinely suffered heavy defeats. However, the scrapping of the National League One in 2006 meant that EEL were to be in a more competitive South Division One. This did not help the club in the long term as the club struggled to fulfil fixtures towards the end of the 2006 season and this trend continued into the 2007 season, where they have folded due to a lack of players.
The club did not re-enter competition in 2008 and some members of the playing squad transferred to The Scots Camanachd, Aberdour Shinty Club and Tayforth Camanachd. Levenhall Links still played host to matches, Tayforth Camanachd took up temporary residence in Summer 2011 with the loss of the pitch at North Inch, Perth.

</doc>
<doc id="36806521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806521" title="Victor Korovin">
Victor Korovin

Victor Ivanovich Korovin (; December 31, 1936, Leningrad, USSR — July 6, 1991, Leningrad, USSR) was a Soviet Russian painter, a member of the Leningrad Union of Artists, who lived and worked in Leningrad. Victor Korovin regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting, most famous for his landscape paintings. Died in an accident.

</doc>
<doc id="36806524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806524" title="DVB-MS">
DVB-MS

DVB-MS is a complementary system for digital television multi-point distribution based on the satellite delivery system DVB-S. For cable delivery system DVB-MC is used which is based on DVB-C.
The DVB-MS system uses microwave frequencies above to directly distribute television services from a central point to homes of viewers. To receive the signal a small frequency converter is used instead of a satellite dish for DVB-S. DVB-MC uses frequencies below .

</doc>
<doc id="36806534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806534" title="Euro Hockey League 2011–12">
Euro Hockey League 2011–12

The Euro Hockey League 2011–12 is the fifth Season of the Euro Hockey League, which is the most important club tournament in European hockey. With the aim of developing club hockey at an international level, the European Hockey Federation, in co-operation with Dutch sports marketing and media agency PRO SPORT, introduced the Euro Hockey League, the new format that replaced the men's European Cup competition at the start of the 2007-08 season. The 2011-12 competition witnessed five rounds taking place at four locations, with Rounds 1.1 and 1.2 (Pool Stages) taking place at HTC Uhlenhorst Mülheim and KHC Dragons. HC Rotterdam in the Netherlands hosted Rounds 2 & 3 (KO16 / KO8) of the competition, which are in the "Knock Out" format. The Semi Finals and Finals were also played in the Netherlands, with Amsterdam H&BC's Wagener Stadium being the venue. UHC Hamburg of Germany were the winners of the 2011-12 competition. It was their third success in the tournament following winning the league in 2007-2008 and 2009-10.
Round 1 (Group Stages).
Round 1 - the group stages of the tournament - took place at two locations, with HTC Uhlenhorst Mülheim (Germany) and KHC Dragons, (Belgium) each hosting four pools of three teams. The teams needed to finish in the top two places in their respective Pools to qualify for the first of the knock-out rounds, known as KO16. Five points were awarded for a win, with a draw earning two points and one point going to a team that lost by less than two goals.
Group A.
21 to 23 October 2011 in Brasschaat
Group B.
7 to 9 October 2011 in Mülheim
Group C.
7 to 9 October 2011 in Mülheim
Group D.
21 to 23 October 2011 in Brasschaat
Group E.
21 to 23 October 2011 in Brasschaat
Group F.
21 to 23 October 2011 in Brasschaat
Group G.
7 to 9 October 2011 in Mülheim
Group H.
7 to 9 October 2011 in Mülheim
Knock Out (KO) Rounds.
The KO16 and KO8 (Quarter Final) rounds of the EHL were held at HC Rotterdam in the Netherlands over the Easter weekend. Matches that ended in a draw would then play two periods of 7.5 minutes, with the "Silver Goal" rule being enforced. Matches that remain tied at the end of extra time were settled by a penalty shoot-out.
EHL Final Four.
EHL Final Four, which consisted of the Semi Finals, Final and Third Place Play-Off matches, took place at Amsterdam H&BC's historic Wagener Stadium over Whitsun. Matches that ended in a draw would then play two periods of 7.5 minutes, with the "Silver Goal" rule being enforced. Matches that remain tied at the end of extra time were settled by a penalty shoot-out. The tournament was played alongside the Semi Finals and Final of the EuroHockey Club Champions Cup for women.

</doc>
<doc id="36806551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806551" title="Hydroxyacetophenone">
Hydroxyacetophenone

Hydroxyacetophenone may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36806559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806559" title="G. M. J. Moore">
G. M. J. Moore

Lieutenant-Colonel Sir George Montgomery John Moore CIE (1855-1911) was a British army officer and administrator who served as President of the Corporation of Madras from 1886 to 1902. Moore is remembered for the creation of Moore Market which was later named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="36806571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806571" title="Guamanian status referendum, 1976">
Guamanian status referendum, 1976

A referendum on the territory's status was held in Guam on 4 September 1976. Voters were presented with a range of options, with "improved status quo" receiving the support of 58%.

</doc>
<doc id="36806577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806577" title="AbbottVision">
AbbottVision

AbbottVision is a British independent television production company, established in 2008 by the multi award-winning writer, creator and producer Paul Abbott.
Recent productions include the BBC One drama series Exile starring John Simm and Jim Broadbent; and Hit & Miss, Sky Atlantic’s first UK drama commission starring Chloë Sevigny, broadcast in May 2012.
AbbottVision has offices in London and Manchester and an ongoing first-look distribution deal with FremantleMedia Enterprises.

</doc>
<doc id="36806585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806585" title="Daniel Dziwniel">
Daniel Dziwniel

Daniel Dziwniel (born August 19, 1992 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German-born Polish footballer who plays for Ruch Chorzow. He has dual Polish-German nationality.
Career.
National team.
He is a part of Poland national under-21 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36806598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806598" title="Live While We're Young">
Live While We're Young

"Live While We're Young" is a song by English-Irish boy band One Direction, released as the lead single from their second studio album, "Take Me Home" (2012). Written by Savan Kotecha and its producers, Rami Yacoub and Carl Falk, the number was released by Syco Records on 28 September 2012. Falk, Kotecha, and Yacoub had collaboratively helmed One Direction's previous hits, "What Makes You Beautiful" and "One Thing". The track is an uptempo, upbeat bubblegum pop song which features rock undertones, vocal harmonies, hand claps, prominent electric guitar riffs, and repetitive synthesizers. The chorus of the song is predominantly featured alongside the bridge, and is backed by wordless chants. Its opening guitar riff bears similarities with The Clash's 1982 single, "Should I Stay or Should I Go".
The track received mostly positive reviews from critics, who centred on its omnipresence and jubilant nature. The only negative feedback the song got was centered on the lyrics, which were interpreted as a thinly veiled euphemism for sexual intercourse. A commercial success, the song became a top ten hit in fifteen countries, while reaching the top of the charts in New Zealand and Ireland. In the United States, "Live While We're Young" debuted at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, marking the second-highest bow among all UK acts, outpaced only by Elton John's number one arrival with "Candle in the Wind 1997", and recorded the highest one-week opening sales figure for a song by a non-US artist.
Following an unauthorized internet leak, the accompanying music video was officially released on 20 September 2012, four days earlier than the intended release date. Directed by Vaughan Arnell, the clip, which has a camping festival theme, was generally well received by critics, who commended its carefree nature. Upon release, it broke the Vevo record for having the most views in a 24-hour period with 8.24 million, besting the previous record which had been set by Justin Bieber's "Boyfriend" (8.00 million). Bieber subsequently regained the record with his music video for "Beauty and a Beat" (10.6 million). One Direction performed "Live While We're Young" on televised programs and during their worldwide Take Me Home Tour (2013). The track was featured in a Pepsi television commercial for the United States and was performed on an episode of "Glee". This song is the first track on "Now 45".
Background and release.
"Live While We're Young" was written by Rami Yacoub, Carl Falk, and Savan Kotecha, and was produced by Yacoub and Falk. The trio had collaboratively helmed One Direction's previous hits, "What Makes You Beautiful" and "One Thing". In early 2012, the group confirmed a follow-up release for their debut album, "Up All Night" (2011), was in development. "In the summer, we’re going to get back and start a new record. We want to bring out a record nearly every year, every year and a half," member Niall Horan said, revealing they were arranging "meetings and stuff with different writers and producers." The band began recording the album in May 2012, in Stockholm, Sweden, at Kinglet Studios—"Live While We're Young" is a result of those recording sessions. In June 2012, Horan spoke to MTV News, elaborating that the lead single would probably be released in September 2012.
The band confirmed the single by uploading a video to YouTube on 23 August 2012. Globally, the song was made available for pre-order at 24:00 GMT on 24 August, through the iTunes Store, while excluding, Canada, Japan, and the United States. The artwork was revealed on 14 September. Jocelyn Vena of MTV News described it as portraying "the fivesome enjoying the outdoors during a camping trip, goofing off outside a tent." On 28 September, Sony Music Entertainment released it digitally in Australia, New Zealand, and most of Europe. It impacted the United Kingdom on 30 September, while in the United States it was released on 1 October. Due to a processing error, the US iTunes Store was selling the track for $99 cents — instead of the general $1.29. Label sources indicated the initial price was a mistake, but could not be corrected until midday 1 October. By the afternoon, the price had changed from 99 cents to $1.29.
Composition and lyrics.
"Live While We're Young" is an uptempo, upbeat bubblegum pop song which features rock undertones, vocal harmonies, hand claps, prominent electric guitar riffs, and repetitive synthesizers, reminiscent of the musical structures of their debut album. The opening guitar riff has been noted as similar to that of The Clash song "Should I Stay or Should I Go" (1982). According to Alexis Petridis of "The Guardian", the guitar is played thrice between the riff with the plectrum stroking the strings, while it is pressed. One note in the chord is changed, which Petridis surmised was probably to avoid paying any royalty to the Clash. Sam Lansky of Idolator noted that the song is musically similar to their breakthrough hit "What Makes You Beautiful". In contrast to One Direction's previous singles, the lead vocals are predominantly sung by Zayn Malik.
According to the digital sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Sony/ATV Music Publishing, One Direction's vocal range in the song span from the note of D4 to A5. Written in the key of D major, the song is set in common time with a fast-paced tempo of 126 beats per minute. The song follows a basic sequence of D–G–D–G–D–A as its chord progression. The chorus of the song is predominantly featured alongside the bridge, is backed by wordless chants, and encompasses the lines: "Let’s go crazy, crazy, crazy till we see the sun/ I know we only met but let’s pretend it’s love / And never, never, never stop for anyone/ Tonight let’s get some, and live while we’re young." Several critics commonly concurred that the song's lyrics interpret a thinly veiled euphemism for sexual intercourse. Kotecha quipped in a September 2012 interview with Sugarscape: "The whole idea is that you have that nostalgic night out, so people who are older can listen to it too. None of us are naive enough not to know what kids do. It’s important not to patronise the youth of today, we’re not gonna be writing about ‘oh let’s just hold hands for a while’ you know? They need their music to connect. A lot of songs are about sex and you have to be realistic about it."
Critical response.
Robert Copsey of Digital Spy gave "Live While We're Young" four out of five stars and wrote, "it's little different from what we've heard before — but when you're the world's biggest boyband, it's no bad thing." Mikael Wood of the "Los Angeles Times" summarised it as a "characteristically peppy piece of high-gloss party pop." Lansky praised its effectiveness and thought it was "perfectly tailored to top the charts." Andrew Unterberger of Popdust acknowledged that "the song is smart to swipe the guitar-only opening pattern from The Clash's "Should I Stay or Should I Go?"—akin to "What Makes You Beautiful" lifting the "Summer Nights" beginning—calling on pop history to get you excited for the song before you even really realise why." Unterberger further highlighted the small lyrical plays for conveying "an incredible amount of urgency and fun without much clunky verbage, making singing along something of an inevitability." A writer for "The Huffington Post" asserted that the song delivers for fans of their debut album: "a poppy, energetic, happy-go-lucky track."
Sylvie Lesas of "Evigshed Magazine" gave it a rating of five out of five stars, called it "upbeat, fun and very fresh", and proclaimed that "radios are going to love it." Chris Younie of 4Music called it "insanely catchy", lauding its production for combining a "simple" guitar riff with an "anthemic feel-good chorus". Alexandra Capotorto of PopCrush rated it four stars out of five, deeming it memorable and "irresistible" for any demographic. Vena opined that the "bit cheeky" song perfectly embodies a "joie de vivre message." MSN Music's Tina Hart concluded, "It's fun, pure unadulterated pop and I like it." Writing for "The Vancouver Sun", Leah Collins quipped that even though the song lifts its main riff from a The Clash song, "this tune is as yummy and bubble-gummy as anything" on One Direction's debut studio album "Up All Night" (2011). "Newsday" Glenn Gamboa acknowledged that the song is even more omnipresent than the band's previous hits combined.
In a detailed review, HitFix's Melina Newman denounced its lyrical content: "Even though they never are so blatant about it that booty call subtext can't go right over their tween audience's head, there's no mistaking lines like “if we get together, don’t let the pictures ever leave your phone” for anyone who's 13 or up. The lyrics are unwieldy and uncouth. That's what happens when you're not a boy, but not yet a man: One Direction can't go straight from the G-rated sweetness of “What Makes You Beautiful” to something akin to Enrique Iglesias's "Tonight, I’m F****** You," so instead they’re stuck with this in between clumsiness that the not-so-little girls will understand." Grady Smith of "Entertainment Weekly" characterised it as "not-so-innocent" and a "party jam". Jason Lipshutz of "Billboard" felt that its sexual suggestive lyricism "arrives too soon after the more accomplished puppy-love odes of previous hits "What Makes You Beautiful" and "One Thing" to further the conversation."
Commercial performance.
"Live While We're Young" debuted on the Irish Singles Chart at number one on 4 October 2012, becoming One Direction's fourth top ten appearance and their second chart-topper in Ireland. In the United Kingdom, the single became One Direction's fourth UK Singles Chart top ten hit in twelve months, entering at number three on 7 October 2012. Elsewhere in Europe, the song became a top ten hit in Austria, Belgium (Flanders), Czech Republic, Denmark, Hungary, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, and Switzerland. It was certified gold by both the Federation of the Italian Music Industry (FIMI) and IFPI Denmark, denoting collective shipments of 30,000. Additionally, it attained top forty positions in European territories such as Belgium (Wallonia), France, Germany, Sweden, and Slovakia. The single debuted at number two on the Australian Singles Chart dated 14 October 2012, with first-week sales of 58,659 copies. The single marks the group's highest peaking song in Australia, passing up the number-three peak of "One Thing", and their third top ten hit. The track was certified double platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), denoting shipments of 140,000 copies. The track made its New Zealand Singles Chart debut at number one on 8 October 2012, marking the group's first number-one hit, and their second top five charting song in New Zealand. "Live While We're Young" has received a platinum certification from the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand (RIANZ), indicating sales of 15,000 copies. After three days of digital availability, the song made its Canadian Hot 100 debut at number 78 on 4 October 2012. It surged to its peak position of number two the following week, recording the highest number of digital downloads in the tracking week for a song in Canada.
In the United States, One Direction made US chart history by achieving the biggest opening one-week sales figure for a song by a non-US artist ever; the track entered the Digital Songs chart at number one on 10 October 2012, selling 341,000 copies in its first week. Additionally, it was the first time since January 2012, when Adele's "Set Fire to the Rain" was the top seller that a single by a British act had led that list and its weekly sales is also the highest by a British act since another Adele track "Rolling in the Deep", sold 353,000 units in a week in May 2011. The single's opening sales is also the third biggest debut ever for a download by a group, surpassed by the arrivals of Maroon 5's 2012 single "Payphone" (493,000), and The Black Eyed Peas' 2009 single "Boom Boom Pow" (465,000). "Live While We're Young" debuted at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, marking the highest bow by a British group and the second-highest debut among all UK acts, outpaced only by Elton John's number one arrival in 1997 with "Candle in the Wind 1997." In addition, that tracking week marked the first time two UK artists have simultaneously started in the "Billboard" Hot 100 top ten, as Adele's "Skyfall" debuted at number eight. "Billboard" correspondent Keith Caufield noted its "huge sales" spurred its high entry on the "Billboard" Hot 100, which blends sales, airplay and streaming data. "Live While We're Young" also became the act's highest peaking single, passing up the number-four peak of "What Makes You Beautiful". In the week ending 20 January 2013, the song topped the one million mark in US sales. Likewise, the song was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on 23 January 2013, and it has sold 1,248,000 copies in the US as of November 2013.
Music video.
The music video for "Live While We're Young" was directed by Vaughan Arnell. On 24 August 2012, One Direction announced that an accompanying music video for "Live While We're Young" was filmed at a "secret place." Afterwards it was confirmed that this place was Tunbridge Wells, Kent, England. In August 2012, images of the shoot leaked on to the internet, which featured members of One Direction along with a group of people having a party in a pool. According to a MTV News article published on 14 September 2012, the video would feature a "summer music festival vibe" with the group "getting wet and wild, acting silly with props and getting soaked by water guns." The official video was initially due to premier on 24 September 2012. However, a poor quality version of the music video leaked online on 20 September 2012: the same day it was officially published on One Direction's Vevo channel on YouTube. In regard, the group released a statement: "We wanted our fans to see the video and hear the single in the proper way so we've moved the premiere to tonight. We're really excited about LWWY, we've worked really hard on it and we can't wait for everyone to see and hear it later today!"
The video begins with One Direction waking up in a tent. Outside, Payne starts singing the opening lines, as others are seen playing guitars sitting on hay bales in a camp setting. Subsequent scenes inter cut featuring One Direction performing the song at the camp setting in a circle, on an open field, driving a car, and at a lake where members of the group play in plastic bubbles and boats. As it turns to nighttime, the camp is the main setting; they conduct a football match and afterwards a pool party. The video ends with One Direction looking at the camera, with Malik singing the last line.
Upon release, the video broke the Vevo record for having the most views in a 24-hour period with 8.24 million views, besting the previous record which had been set by Justin Bieber's "Boyfriend" (8.00 million). Bieber regained the record with the release of the music video for "Beauty and a Beat" (10.6 million) on 12 October 2012. It received positive reviews from music critics, who generally complimented its carefree, jubilant nature. Smith quipped that it has "notable moments," which he cited, "glowstick campfire dances, inflatable pool splashing, four wheeler racing, and an unfortunate blonde streak in Zayn hair." "The Hollywood Reporter" writer Sophie A. Schillaci called it "fun-filled", and concluded that the video perfectly accompanies the track's lyricism. Lansky called the "high quality" clip "fairly standard 1D fare", elaborating: "the boys get up to some teenage shenanigans and, well, live while they’re young. When their festivities culminate in a pool party that reads more like a wet t-shirt contest than anything else, it's abundantly clear that 1D knows their audience." "The Huffington Post" characterised it as an "epic summer adventure", assessing: "from a camping trip to the ultimate beach party, complete with a shirtless Niall [Horan and inflatable banana." Collins described it as featuring the group "doing what they do best — scampering, singing, scampering some more." ITN's Lindsay Brown viewed the video as "wholesome", showing them "having some good old fashioned fun." Fuse editor Nicole James praised the apparent recurring trend of "how the group isn't afraid to make fun of themselves." James elaborated: "If it were any other boy band acting out the Monkees-inspired hijinks in 1D's new video "Live While We're Young," it would likely come off as super cheesy. But for these five guys, their sense of comfortable self-awareness really comes through."
Live performances and usage in media.
One Direction performed the track along with songs of their debut album at the 2012 BBC Radio 1 Teen Awards (7 October). The group performed "Live While We're Young" on "The X Factor Italy" (1 November) and on the "The X Factor Sweden" (2 November). They also performed "Live While We're Young" and "Little Things" on "The X Factor USA" (8 November). The band performed the track alongside "What Makes You Beautiful", "Little Things", and "Kiss You" on "The Today Show" at the Rockefeller Center (13 November), to a record crowd of 15,000. The group performed "Live While We're Young" and "Little Things" on the BBC's "Children in Need 2012" telethon (16 November). One Direction also performed the track at Germany's Bambi Awards (22 November). "Live While We're Young" was included in the set list of the group's headlining sold-out show at Madison Square Garden (3 December). It also was incorporated on the set list of the group's worldwide Take Me Home Tour (2013), utilised as the show's twentieth song.
"Live While We're Young" was featured in a Pepsi television commercial for the United States that featured both One Direction and the American football player Drew Brees. It premiered on Fox in the United States on 10 October 2012. Vena called the clip comedic and assessed: "The brand-new commercial not only allows the group to show off their funny bones, but it also serves as a reminder that their new album Take Me Home, featuring "LWWY," is only a month away from dropping." It was one of the songs covered by the cast of "Glee" during the 29 November 2012 episode "Thanksgiving". The fictional character Sebastian Smythe, portrayed by Grant Gustin, sang lead vocals while the fictional Dalton Academy Warblers sang back-up. The version was released on the studio album, "". The track was also used for the opening scene of the Miss Universe 2012 pageant.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Take Me Home".

</doc>
<doc id="36806599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806599" title="Fort Dufferin">
Fort Dufferin

Fort Dufferin was a Canadian government post in southern Manitoba near the Canada-United States border at Emerson. The fort was used during the 1870s as a base for the North American Boundary Commission and the North-West Mounted Police (NWMP), and as an immigration station.
History.
Fort Dufferin was constructed in 1872 on a site approximately three kilometers north of the Canada-U.S. border, along the west bank of the Red River. It was originally used as a base for the Canadian-British contingent of the North American Boundary Commission, which was tasked with surveying the international border along the 49th parallel north, as agreed upon by the British and American governments in the Treaty of 1818.
After the Commission's surveyors moved west, the fort was used by the North-West Mounted Police as an assembly point prior to their infamous March West in 1874. Members of the force arrived at Fort Dufferin, coming from east through the United States, marking the only time the entire force was ever assembled at one place. On July 8, 1874, the NWMP moved out and began their journey west to bring law and order to the Northwest Territories. The NWMP also used Fort Dufferin as its Manitoba headquarters, before moving it to Winnipeg in 1875.
From 1875 to 1879, the Canadian government used Fort Dufferin as an immigration station for steamboats entering the country along the Red River and as a quarantine station for livestock. With the completion of the international rail line on the east side of the river at Emerson in 1878, steamboat traffic on the river ceased and the immigration station at Fort Dufferin was no longer needed. In 1879, the fort was abandoned and the Canadian government sold the property.
Historical Site.
Fort Dufferin was designated a National Historic Site in 1937. The site is located just inside the Town of Emerson's northern limit and is open to the public during the summer. A cairn and plaque mark the historic site and some of the buildings, though badly deteriorated, still stand. Ongoing preservation efforts are being carried out by several groups, including local residents, the Canadian government, and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police Veteran's Association.

</doc>
<doc id="36806601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806601" title="Oslo Accords">
Oslo Accords

The Oslo Accords are a set of agreements between the government of Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO): the Oslo I Accord, signed in Oslo in 1993 and the Oslo II Accord, signed in Taba in 1995. The Oslo Accords marked the start of the Oslo process, a peace process that aimed the conclusion of a peace-treaty based on the United Nations Security Council Resolution 242 and 338, and fulfil the "right of the Palestinian people to self-determination". The Oslo process started after secret negotiations in Oslo, resulting in the recognition by the PLO of the State of Israel and the recognition by Israel of the PLO as the representative of the Palestinian people and as partner in negotiations.
The Oslo Accords created the Palestinian Authority, whose functions are the limited self-governance over parts of the Occupied Palestinian Territories, while the PLO would be Israel's partner in permanent status negotiations about the remaining issues. The most important issues are the borders of Israel and Palestine, the Israeli settlements, the status of Jerusalem, the question of Israel's military presence in and control over Palestine after the recognition of the Palestinian state by Israel, and the Palestinian right of return. The Oslo Accords, however, fell short of the promise of a Palestinian state.
The Oslo process.
The Oslo process is the "peace process" that started in 1993 with secret talks between Israel and the PLO. It became an endless cycle of negotiations, suspension, mediation, restart of negotiations and suspension again. A number of agreements were reached, until the Oslo process ended after the failure of the Camp David Summit in 2000 and the outbreak of the Second Intifada.
During the "Second Intifada", the Roadmap for Peace was introduced, which explicitly aimed a two-state solution and the establishment of an independent Palestinian state. The Roadmap, however, soon came into a cycle similar to the Oslo process, but without producing any agreement.
Background.
The Oslo Accords are based on the 1978 Camp David Accords and show therefore high similarity.(See JimmyCarterLibrary, "The Framework for Peace in the Middle East" (1978). Accessed December 2013)</ref> The Camp David's ""Framework for Peace in the Middle East"" envisioned autonomy for the local, and "only" for the local, (Palestinian) inhabitants of West Bank and Gaza. At the time, there lived some 7,400 settlers in the West Bank (excluding East Jerusalem), and 500 in Gaza, with the number in the West Bank, however, rapidly growing. As Israel regarded the PLO a terrorist organisation, it refused to talk with the sole representative of the Palestinian people. Instead, Israel preferred to negotiate with Egypt and Jordan, and ""elected representatives of the inhabitants of the West Bank and Gaza"". Like the 1978 Camp David Accords, the Oslo Accords were an interim agreement, allowing first steps, followed by negotiations to complete within five years. The main difference was that the final goal in Camp David was a ""peace treaty between Israel and Jordan, taking into account the agreement reached in the final status of the West Bank and Gaza"", while the Oslo Accords aimed at a peace treaty with the Palestinians. Indeed, an Israel–Jordan peace treaty was concluded, but only on 26 October 1994, after the Oslo I Accord, and without the Palestinians.
Both plans had common that they, possibly intentionally, did not have a "Plan B" for the case a final agreement would not be reached within the set period.
Negotiation partners.
Only after Israel's acceptation of the PLO as negotiation partner, serious negotiations could start. In their Letters of Mutual Recognition of 9 September 1993, days before the signing of the Oslo I Accord, both parties declared to accept each other as negotiation partner. The PLO recognized the State of Israel. Israel recognized the PLO as ""the representative of the Palestinian people""; no more, no less.
Outline of the peace plan.
Stated goals of the Oslo Accords were inter alia a Palestinian "interim" Self-Government (not the Palestinian Authority, but the Palestinian Legislative Council) and a permanent settlement (of unresolved issues) within five years, based on Security Council Resolutions 242 and 338. Although the agreements recognize the Palestinian "legitimate and political rights", they remain silent about their fate after the interim period. The Oslo Accords do neither define the nature of the post-Oslo Palestinian self-government and its powers and responsibilities, nor do they define the borders of the territory it eventually would govern.
The first step was a partial Israeli withdrawal from Gaza and Jericho and transfer of some powers and responsibilities on civil matters to the interim Palestinian Authority. All to agree upon within two months from October 1993 (Oslo I, Annex II).
Then, Israeli troops to withdraw from populated Palestinian areas to pave the way for Palestinian elections to establish the Council. The Council would replace the PA, and the Israeli Civil Administration in the West Bank would be dissolved (Oslo II, Article I). Further redeployments of Israeli troops would follow upon the inauguration of the Council (Oslo II, Annex I, Article I).
Permanent status negotiations about remaining issues would start not later than May 1996 (two years after the signing of the Gaza–Jericho Agreement; Oslo I, Article V) and be concluded before May 1999 (end of 5 year interim period). A peace treaty would end the Israeli–Palestinian conflict.
End of the interim period.
In May 1999, the five years interim period ended without reaching a comprehensive peace agreement, but elements of the Oslo Accords remained. The interim Palestinian Authority became permanent, and a dominant factor of the PLO. The West Bank remained divided into Areas A, B and C, the latter some 60% of the West Bank and under exclusive military and civilian control, leaving the Palestinian inhabitants as an oppressed population with little rights. Also the Israeli Civil Administration, despite what the name suggests a military institution, is still functioning in full. The Israeli–Palestinian Joint Water Committee still exists as well.
At the 2000 Camp David Summit, the US tried to save the Accords by reviving the negotiations. After the failure of the Summit, the Second Intifada broke out and the "peace process" reached deadlock.
Key agreements.
Key agreements in the Oslo process were:
All later agreements had the purpose to implement the former three key agreements.
Additional agreements.
Additional Israeli-Palestinian agreements related to the Oslo Accords are:
Criticism.
The Oslo Accords were undermined by actions from both sides. For example, the Cave of the Patriarchs massacre, in which 29 Palestinians were killed and 125 wounded by a lone gunman is often blamed for undermining Palestinian trust in the process. Similarly, intensification of Palestinian terror in the years immediately following the signing of the accord led to disenchantment on the Israeli side. These included a car bomb in Afula killing 8 people and a suicide bombing attack on the No. 5 bus on Dizengoff Street in Tel-Aviv killing 21 Israelis and one Dutch national.
Continued settlement expansion.
The Oslo Accords did not stop the continued settlement expansion-Growth compared to Israel: "Sources of Population Growth: Total Israeli Population and Settler Population, 1991 - 2003". Foundation for Middle East Peace (FMEP). Accessed December 2013</ref> and blockades which caused the deterioration of economic conditions, and much frustration for Palestinians. In 20 years since the Oslo Accords, until 2013, the settler population is tripled. Most new settlers moved to settlements near the Green Line. The vast majority of the settlers who moved to isolated settlements more eastwards were ideologically motivated. After Oslo, the Israeli government took upon itself not to establish new settlements. Instead, however, some 100 outposts were established, encouraged and supported by the government.
The 2013 third Netanyahu government drastically enhanced new constructions in settlements, most without tenders and most in isolated settlements scattered over all of the West Bank. Additionally, the government published planning tenders for large-scale settlement construction in the area around East Jerusalem.
Norway's role.
Norwegian academics, including Norway's leading authority on the negotiations, Hilde Henriksen Waage, have focused on the flawed role of Norway during the Oslo process. In 2001, the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, who had been at the heart of the Oslo process, commissioned Waage to produce an official, comprehensive history of the Norwegian-mediated back channel negotiations. In order to do the research, she was given privileged access to all relevant, classified files in the ministry's archives. Waage was surprised to discover "not a single scrap of paper for the entire period from January to September 1993—precisely the period of the back channel talks". Involved persons kept documents privately and refused to hand them over. Waage concluded that there seems no doubt that the missing documents would have shown the extent to which the Oslo process was conducted on Israel’s premises, with Norway acting as Israel’s helpful errand boy. Norway played a mediating role as a small state between vastly unequal parties and had to play by the rules of the stronger party, acting on its premises. ""Israel’s red lines were the ones that counted, and if the Palestinians wanted a deal, they would have to accept them, too.""
Alternatives to the Oslo Accords.
There have been suggested alternatives to boundary setting and creating principles that divide Israelis and Palestinians. One alternative is to move a peace process towards the creation of a bi-national state, a "one-state solution", that promotes co-existence rather than to continuing to divide. An argument for this as a possible way of reconciliation is that neither side can wholly justify a claim for homogeneity. Also, some Israeli and Palestinian thinkers have previously argued for a bi-national state as a more attractive alternative to separatism.

</doc>
<doc id="36806606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806606" title="Nu Puppis">
Nu Puppis

Nu Puppis (Nu Pup, ν Puppis, ν Pup) is a blue B-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +3.17. It is the fifth brightest star in Puppis. At a distance of 423 light years, this class B (B8) giant, with a measured temperature of 12,000 Kelvin, shines with a luminosity (after allowance for ultraviolet radiation) of 1340 times that of Sun.
Nu Puppis is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 31 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 19,000 and 24,400 light years from the center of the Galaxy. It came closest to the Sun 3.6 million years ago when it had brightened to magnitude -2.57 from a distance of 26 light years.

</doc>
<doc id="36806615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806615" title="Guamanian gambling referendum, 1977">
Guamanian gambling referendum, 1977

A referendum on banning casinos and gambling machines was held in Guam on 16 April 1977. The proposal was approved by around three-quarters of voters.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Agaña opposed the operation of casinos, claiming it would increase crime and gambling addition.

</doc>
<doc id="36806620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806620" title="Tova Milo">
Tova Milo

Tova Milo is a full Professor of Computer Science at Tel Aviv University and, as of 2012, the head of the Computer Science department. 
Milo is the head of the data management group in Tel Aviv University, and her research focuses on Web data management. She received her PhD from the Hebrew University in 1992 under the supervision of Catriel Beeri, and was a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Toronto and INRIA, France, prior to joining Tel Aviv University.
Milo has co-authored over 140 papers in top database conferences and journals, as well as a book on business processes, with over 6700 citations and H-Index 39 (computed by Google Scholar). 
Milo is one of the most prolific authors in the premier Symposium on Principles of Database Systems and was the first (and only, as of 2012) woman to be a keynote speaker at this symposium. 
In 2010, Milo and her co-authors Victor Vianu and Dan Suciu won the Alberto O. Mendelzon Test-of-Time Award for their paper on type checking for XML transformation languages.
Milo has served on the editorial board of top database journals (VLDB journal and TODS) and as the Program Committee Chair of (among others) the Symposium on Principles of Database Systems, the International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT), as well as the VLDB conference. She is a member of the ICDT Council and the VLDB endowment.
In 2012 Milo was elected as a ACM Fellow for her "contributions to database theory and business process management".

</doc>
<doc id="36806623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806623" title="Kirkhill Golf Club">
Kirkhill Golf Club

Krikhill Club is a parkland golf course located in Cambuslang, South Lanarkshire, Scotland. The club was founded in 1910 from some former members of Cambuslang Golf Club. The Club house was built as a dwelling house, just in case the new venture did not work out. The founders certainly had some vision, energy and only four years after the founding of the club they arranged an exhibition golf match which was held in June 1914. The legendary golfer Harry Vardon, 6 times Open champion played with George Duncan who also won the Open in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="36806640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806640" title="Boot signature">
Boot signature

Boot signature may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36806645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806645" title="Great Japan Patriotic Party">
Great Japan Patriotic Party

The , frequently abbreviated to GLP, is a Japanese political party and right-wing political group. The party was created in 1951 by Satoshi Akao, who became the first head of the party.

</doc>
<doc id="36806649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806649" title="Guamanian constitutional referendum, 1979">
Guamanian constitutional referendum, 1979

A constitutional referendum was held in Guam on 4 August 1979. The proposed constitution was rejected by 79% of voters. In August 1987 a referendum was held on another proposed constitution, with each chapter voted on separately. Two chapters (I and VII) were rejected by voters, resulting in a second referendum in November in which both were approved.
Background.
On 21 October 1976 the United States Congress had approved the establishment of Constitutional Councils for Guam and the United States Virgin Islands. In December 1976 the Guamanian Legislature decided to hold an election for the Council.
In 1978 US President Jimmy Carter approved the proposed 14-chapter constitution, and a referendum was scheduled for 7 November. However, following a dispute over the gubernatorial election, it was postponed until 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="36806654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806654" title="Little Revolutions Two">
Little Revolutions Two

Little Revolutions Two is the second compilation album from Duke Special. It contains covers, B sides and rarities. It was released on February 2011 on the Reel to Reel Label.

</doc>
<doc id="36806655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806655" title="Vasilache">
Vasilache

Vasilache is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36806661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806661" title="Jackson Krall">
Jackson Krall

"Jackson Krall Jr." (born October 12, 1949 in Detroit, Michigan) is a drum maker.
Through the years Jackson's instruments have found their way into the hands of the world's greatest drummers and percussionists, and can be heard on recordings as well as in live performance by many bands, orchestras, and the most popular Broadway and Off-Broadway shows like "Lion King" and "Blue Man Group". In the early 1980s, under the leadership of Toni and Celia Nogueira, Jackson was a founding member and helped write the bylaws of New York's first samba school, the now legendary Empire Loisaida Escola de Samba.
During the next several years he studied, played and paraded with all the great Brazilian percussionists living in or passing through New York at the time. Eventually Empire Loisaida faded into history, but Jackson remained and continues making instruments and playing avant Jazz drums in New York City.
External links.
"A Brief History of the Drum Kit" by Jackson Krall

</doc>
<doc id="36806662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806662" title="Vasilakakis">
Vasilakakis

Vasilakakis () is a Greek surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36806670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806670" title="Vasilchenko">
Vasilchenko

Vasilchenko is a Russian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36806681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806681" title="Port of Istanbul">
Port of Istanbul

The Port of Istanbul is a passenger terminal for cruise liners, which is situated at Karaköy neighborhood of Beyoğlu district in Istanbul, Turkey. It consists of two adjoining piers, the Galata Pier and the Salıpazarı Pier, extending from the Galata Bridge on the Golden Horn to Salıpazarı on the west coast of the Bosporus. It is owned and operated by the state-owned Turkish Maritime Lines (TDİ).
History.
The construction of Galata Pier began in 1892, and was completed in 1900. Two warehouses were built in 1910, and three more were added in 1928. From 1925 on, the port authority started to give all the necessary logistics support to the ships, including water and coal supply, loading and unloading, maritime pilotage and marine salvage services. 
In 1957, the Salıpazarı Pier, built by the Ministry of Public Works, was completed and handed over to the Turkish Maritime Bank, the forerunner of the TDİ. The Port of Istanbul served as the country's biggest seaport for import cargo until 1986 when it became obsolete due to increase of container shipping. 
Converted into a passenger terminal for cruise liners in addition to the existing Galata Pier Terminal, the Salıpazarı Pier continued to
serve as a passenger terminal from September 19, 1988 on. It was extended in 2007 to meet the demand by the growing cruise tourism.
Port facilities.
The Port of Istanbul consists of three passenger halls, two of them covering an area of each and another of . The three halls make it possible to handle around 10,000 tourists an hour, maintaining all the border control functions.
There is an open-air parking lot of for 200 excursion coaches.
All facilities of the port are under surveillance by 78 closed-circuit television cameras at a control center on a 24/7 basis for security purposes.
Technical details.
The port is capable of serving eleven passenger ships daily.
In 2007, a total of 832 passenger ships docked at the port bringing 460,427 tourists.

</doc>
<doc id="36806686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806686" title="Sky Giant">
Sky Giant

Sky Giant is a 1938 film starring Richard Dix, Chester Morris and Joan Fontaine. Two pilots are in love with the same woman.
It made a profit of $165,000.
Plot.
Upon reaching retirement age, Colonel Cornelius Stockton is forced to leave the US military. He accepts a job running the Trans-World Air Lines School of Aeronautics in Glendale. W. R. "Stag" Cahill, the pilot of the commercial airliner he is taking to the place, turns out to have fought under him in the war. Stockton asks him to join the school staff, but Stag would rather fly. The colonel then arranges for Stag to be recalled to active duty and orders him to take the assignment as his assistant. Stag reluctantly complies.
Stockton imposes military discipline on the civilian school. Two trainee mechanics are dismissed on the spot for being too slow. Stag warns his boss that he is pushing the men too hard, but Stockton disagrees.
When Stockton inspects the newest batch of students, he is greatly displeased to find his own son, Kenneth, among them. He would rather Ken stay in the diplomatic service, but Ken wants to design aircraft.
Ken and Stag become rivals for the affections of Meg Lawrence, the cousin of fellow school pilot and friend "Fergie" Ferguson. Despite only seeing Meg a couple of times, Stag impulsively proposes to her, only to find she has already agreed to marry Ken.
Stag and Fergie are assigned a dangerous pioneering mapping flight from California to Alaska to Russia. Stockton pays them an awkward visit, observing that the airplane could carry three. It is obvious to the two that he wants his son to go along. Stag obliges.
Ken has a falling out with Meg over his flying, and she breaks off their engagement. When Stag finds out, he proposes again; she accepts after he agrees this will be his last flight. They get married in Yuma immediately, though there is no honeymoon as the mapping expedition departs within hours. 
The flight becomes uncomfortably awkward after Stag informs Ken about his marriage. Their rudder becomes jammed, forcing an emergency landing in the arctic wilderness to effect repairs. When they try to take off, the landing gear proves too weak, and the airplane flips over.
Ken and Stag are unharmed, but Fergie's legs are broken. They devise a travois to carry Fergie on the 300 mile trek to the coast. When it becomes apparent that they will not make it with the injured man as a burden, Fergie insists they leave him behind, but they refuse. After Ken and Stag fall asleep, however, Fergie drags himself out of their tent to freeze to death. Eventually, Stag becomes too exhausted to go on. Ken is glad to leave him behind, but then recalls the time Stag stood up for him against his father after a near crash. He turns around, gets Stag to his feet and supports him as they trudge along. Shortly afterward, they stumble upon a settlement.
When they return to the school, Meg rushes into Ken's arms. Seeing how she feels, Stag tells her to get their marriage annulled.
Airplanes.
In their order of appearance:

</doc>
<doc id="36806697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806697" title="Alan Stulin">
Alan Stulin

Alan Stulin (born June 5, 1990 in Bolesławiec) is a Polish footballer. He has dual Polish-German nationality.
Career.
Club.
In July 2012, he signed one-year contract with GKS Bełchatów.

</doc>
<doc id="36806710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806710" title="Vasileiou">
Vasileiou

Vasileiou () is a Greek surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36806716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806716" title="Fort de Seclin">
Fort de Seclin

The Fort de Seclin, also known as Fort Duhoux, is located near the commune of Seclin, France, about south of Lelle. Built from 1873 to 1875, it is part of the Séré de Rivières system of fortifications that France built following the defeat of the Franco-Prussian War. It was never modernized to cope with improvements in artillery technology in the late 19th century. It has been preserved and is interpreted by a local preservation association for the public.
Description.
The Fort de Seclin is trapezoidal in shape, with a central artillery position on top of barracks and support facilities, surrounded by a defended ditch and counterscarp. The ditch is covered by a double caponier and an aileron. The main entry has its own ravelin. The two-level barracks are recessed into courtyards and covered with earth and turf. The fort is constructed in brick and stone masonry and was never upgraded with concrete protection.
The fort was initially armed with about forty artillery pieces, served by between 700 and 800 men. It had two satellite batteries.
History.
World War I.
The fort did not see significant action during World War I, as it was to the rear of Lille and was among the last positions to be overrun. The Germans took over the fort and used it as a supply depot until 1918, when it was occupied by British forces from the 68th Battalion, King's Liverpool Regiment, as they advanced into Lille.
World War II.
The Fort de Seclin saw no significant action in the Battle of France in 1940. The fort was again occupied by the Germans and used as a prison for French Resistance fighters. A total of 69 people were executed at the fort. In the most notable event, seven employees of the French national railways were arrested and accused of sabotage, spying and armed resistance. The six male prisoners were executed by firing squad at the Fort de Seclin on 7 June 1944. A monument commemorates the dead.
Following the war it continued in use as an ammunition depot until the French Army abandoned it.
Present.
The Fort de Seclin was purchased by private owners in 1996, who opened a museum on the site dedicated to the cavalry in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="36806719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806719" title="Ashok Gudigar">
Ashok Gudigar

Ashok Gudigar (born 1965) is a sculptor who specialises in making statues out of sandalwood, stone, metal, and fiberglass. He hails from Sagara, Shimoga District, Karnataka, India, and lives in Bangalore.
Early life and education.
After studying up to 7th standard, with the support of his father and family members, Gudigar started sculpting in wood as per family practice. He studied sculpting for several years under the guidance of Devalakunda Vadiraj in Bangalore, and there he developed expertise in other mediums such as bronze, clay, ivory, plaster of Paris, granite, soapstone and others. He was also involved in development of traditional art in association with "Koushalya", an art platform.
He has participated in International sculpture festival arranged in England during 1998.
Sculptures.
The Bahubali statue carved by Ashok Gudigar and his team, measuring 41 feet, is one of the biggest stone statues of the world. It is displyaed in Singadh village, Siroh Taluk, Bhavnagar District, Gujarat. Originally it was proposed to carved 51 feet height Bahubali, but as it was to be transported from Bidadi, Bangalore to Gujarat, it was reduced to 41 feet due to concerns about road conditions and the strength of bridges on which it was to be transported. He has also sculpted Lord Hanuman Statue, established in Haridwar, a Ganesha idol, and others.
Other major sculptures.
Gudigar has also made an 8.5 foot tall bronze Gandhi Statue, which is erected in the Garden of Peace at the University of Michigan, USA.
He has started sculpting 100 feet tall stone statue of Swami Vivekananda which will be erected at Bailur village, Udupi District by 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="36806721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806721" title="German submarine U-347">
German submarine U-347

German submarine "U-347" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She was a member of three wolfpacks.
She was on her fourth patrol when she was sunk by a British aircraft in July 1944.
She sank or damaged no ships.
Service history.
The submarine was laid down on 19 October 1942 at the Nordseewerke yard at Emden as 'werk' 219, launched on 21 May 1943 and commissioned on 7 July under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Johahn de Buhr.
"U-347" served with the 8th U-boat Flotilla, for training and the 9th flotilla for operations from 1 March 1944. She was reassigned to the 11th flotilla on 1 June 1944.
1st patrol.
"U-347" had sailed from Kiel in Germany to Stavanger in Norway March 1944, but her first patrol began when she departed Stavanger on 9 May. She arrived at Narvik on the 13th.
2nd patrol.
Her second foray began on 15 May 1944 when she departed Narvik (a port she would use as a base for the rest of her career), for the Norwegian Sea. She returned on 8 June.
3rd patrol.
"U-347" departed Narvik on 23 June 1944; she returned the same day.
4th patrol and loss.
The boat had departed Narvik on 3 July 1944. On the 17th, she was sunk by a B-24 Liberator of No. 86 Squadron RAF.
Forty-nine men died in the U-boat's sinking; there were no survivors.
Previously recorded fate.
"U-347" was thought to have been sunk on 17 July 1944 west of Narvik by a British PBY Catalina of No. 210 Squadron RAF. The pilot, Flying Officer John Cruickshank, was awarded the Victoria Cross for sinking .

</doc>
<doc id="36806734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806734" title="Vasilenko">
Vasilenko

Vasylenko () is a Ukrainian surname. Vasilenko is a Russian adaptation of the Ukrainian surname. The name is a derivative of a given name Vasyl.
Notable people with the surname include:
Vasilenko:
Vasylenko:

</doc>
<doc id="36806742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806742" title="2013–14 Euroleague">
2013–14 Euroleague

The Turkish Airlines Euroleague 2013–14 was the 14th season of the modern era of Euroleague Basketball and the fourth under the title sponsorship of the Turkish Airlines. Including the competition's previous incarnation as the FIBA Europe Champions Cup, this was the 57th season of the premier competition for European men's clubs.
Euroleague Basketball Company, in its annual meeting in Barcelona, determined the site of the season's Euroleague Final Four venue. London was originally supposed to host the Final Four, but it was decided that the 2014 Euroleague Final Four be hold at the Mediolanum Forum, in Milan. In the championship final game, Maccabi Tel Aviv defeated previous season runners-up Real Madrid with 98-86 after overtime, and won its sixth Euroleague title in the club history.
Allocation.
There are three routes to participation in the Euroleague:
The Euroleague has the right to cancel an A license for one of the following reasons:'" 
Euroleague allocation criteria.
A licenses.
Classification after the 2012–13 season, including also the 2010–11 and the 2011–12 seasons.
B licenses.
B licenses can be given to every team without an A license. If in the allocation appears a team with A license, the next team in the criteria will receive the B license, which qualifies directly to the Regular Season.
Finally, both organizations agreed that if the team is in the first positions after the Regular Season meets all of the B-licence minimum requirements, will qualify to Euroleague. In this case KK Igokea doesn't meet required criteria, so Euroleague Basketball applied the 2012–13 Euroleague Bylaws by which the 2013 ABA Final Four champion and the runner-up will take the first two Adriatic positions in this order, whilst the next highest regular season team will take the final Adriatic position.
Competition format changes.
As new, for this Euroleague season, the eliminated teams in the Regular Season, will be dropped to the Eurocup.
Euroleague qualifying rounds.
The eight teams participated in a single-venue tournament format. The winner advanced to the Euroleague regular season.
Teams.
The eight teams are:
Draw.
The draws for the 2013–14 Turkish Airlines Euroleague qualifying rounds was held on Thursday, 4 July.
Teams were seeded into four pots of two teams in accordance with the Club Ranking, based on their performance in European competitions during a three-year period and the teams granted a Wild Card by ECA were seeded above the rest of the teams.
Draw.
The draws for the 2013–14 Turkish Airlines Euroleague were held on Thursday, 4 July.
Teams were seeded into six pots of four teams in accordance with the Club Ranking, based on their performance in European competitions during a three-year period.
Two teams from the same country could not be drawn together in the same Regular Season group.
Regular season.
The regular season was played between October 17 and December 20.
If teams are level on record at the end of the Regular Season, tiebreakers are applied in the following order:
Top 16.
The Top 16 began on January 2 and ended on April 11, 2014.
If teams were level on record at the end of the Top 16, tiebreakers were applied in the following order:
See the detailed group stage page for tiebreakers if two or more teams are equal on points.
Group E.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>
Group F.
<onlyinclude>
Final Four.
Mediolanum Forum, Milan, Italy
Final standings.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>
Attendances.
Average home attendances.
Source: Euroleague Basketball

</doc>
<doc id="36806748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806748" title="Lucky Me (EP)">
Lucky Me (EP)

Lucky Me is the first EP by Duke Special. The songs make up half of the album Adventures in Gramophone.

</doc>
<doc id="36806786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806786" title="Méreaux">
Méreaux

Méreaux is the surname of a number of French composers:

</doc>
<doc id="36806787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806787" title="Omicron Puppis">
Omicron Puppis

Omicron Puppis (Omicron Pup, ο Puppis, ο Pup) is multiple star system in constellation of Puppis, with an apparent magnitude of +4.40. The primary component is a blue B-type subgiant. It is approximately 2470 light years from Earth.
Omicron Puppis is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 26.9 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 24,800 and 32,000 light years from the center of the Galaxy.
Omicron Puppis came closest to the Sun 8.7 million years ago when it had brightened to magnitude 3.99 from a distance of 1,162 light years.
Naming.
In Chinese, (), meaning "Bow and Arrow", refers to an asterism consisting of ο Puppis, δ Canis Majoris, η Canis Majoris, HD 63032, HD 65456, k Puppis, ε Canis Majoris, κ Canis Majoris and π Puppis. Consequently, ο Puppis itself is known as (, .)

</doc>
<doc id="36806788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806788" title="Duple Dartline">
Duple Dartline

The Dartline is a single-deck bus body built on the Dennis Dart chassis by three manufacturers - Duple Coachbuilders of Blackpool, Carlyle Works of Birmingham and Marshall Bus of Cambridge - between 1989 and 1993.
Duple.
The Dartline was unveiled by Duple at the 1988 British Motor Show, along with the Dennis Dart chassis. The first body to be built on the Dart, it was 2.3m wide, and initially offered in just one length, 9m. Its most distinctive feature was its curved, asymmetric windscreen.
Four pre-production vehicles were built in Blackpool in the summer of 1989, and were used as demonstrators. Of these, three were 9m, but the fourth was 8.5m, after London Buses Limited had insisted on a shorter version.
Production commenced at the end of 1989, with 27 8.5m versions for the London United subsidiary of London Buses Limited, and 34 9m versions. Of the latter, 14 were for another London bus operator, R&I Tours, while five were for Southampton Citybus, three were for Great Yarmouth Transport, another three were for Rossendale Transport, and two were demonstrators for Hong Kong (and were eventually purchased by Kowloon Motor Bus). By this time, however, Duple (and Dennis) had been sold by the Hestair Group to a management buyout team, Trinity Holdings, which had made the decision to close down Duple. The rights to the Dartline were duly sold to Carlyle, and many of these 61 buses were completed by the Birmingham manufacturer and badged accordingly, although they retained their Duple body numbers.
Carlyle.
A further 199 Dartlines were built in Birmingham between the spring of 1990 and the beginning of 1992, of which 140 were 8.5m (coded C25 by Carlyle), 16 were 9m (coded C26), and 43 were to a longer length, 9.8m (coded C27 and C28).
All the 8.5m versions were for London Buses Limited, going to its London United, Metroline, Selkent and South London subsidiaries. Of the 9m versions, 13 went to Warrington Borough Transport and one each to Southampton Citybus, Isle of Man Transport, and Yeomans Canyon Travel of Hereford.
Of the 22 C27-coded 9.8m versions, eight were ordered by London Country North West and delivered after that company's takeover by Luton & District, while the remaining 14 went to numerous small operators. Finally, all but one of the 21 C28-coded 9.8m versions went to China Motor Bus in Hong Kong.
Marshall.
Carlyle closed in early 1992, and the rights to all of its designs, including the Dartline, passed to Marshall Bus. The Cambridge manufacturer built a final five Dartlines, all to the 9.8m length and coded C27, in late 1992 and early 1993, of which two went to Mayne's of Manchester and one to Epsom Buses.
Total Dartline production was thus 269, including the four pre-production vehicles of 1989.
In late 1993, Marshall redesigned the Dartline as the C37, with a symmetrical windscreen and a more substantial front bumper.

</doc>
<doc id="36806800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806800" title="Phyllogonostreptus nigrolabiatus">
Phyllogonostreptus nigrolabiatus

Phyllogonostreptus nigrolabiatus is a common species of millipede found in southern India.

</doc>
<doc id="36806818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806818" title="Majmaah University">
Majmaah University


</doc>
<doc id="36806820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806820" title="Ecce Homo (Elías García Martínez)">
Ecce Homo (Elías García Martínez)

The Ecce Homo (Behold the Man) in the Sanctuary of Mercy church of Borja, Zaragoza is a fresco of about 1930 by the Spanish painter Elías García Martínez depicting Jesus crowned with thorns. Both the subject and style are typical of traditional Catholic art. Press accounts agree that the original painting was of little artistic importance, and its fame derives from a badly botched 2012 attempt to restore the fresco by an untrained amateur.
The original mural.
The artist, a professor at the School of Art of Zaragoza, gave the painting to the village where he used to spend his holidays, painting it directly on the wall of the church about 1930. He commented that "this is the result of two hours of devotion to the Virgin of Mercy". His descendants still reside in Zaragoza and were aware that the painting had deteriorated seriously; his grand-daughter had made a donation toward its restoration shortly before they discovered Cecilia Giménez's attempt to restore it.
Failed restoration attempt and internet phenomenon.
The painting rose to the status of an Internet phenomenon in August 2012. Cecilia Giménez, an 80-year-old amateur artist living locally, painted over the fresco in an attempt to restore it. BBC Europe correspondent Christian Fraser said that the result resembled a "crayon sketch of a very hairy monkey in an ill-fitting tunic". The restored version has been jokingly dubbed "Ecce Mono" ('Behold the Monkey,' "ecce" is Latin, whereas "mono" is Spanish for 'monkey'; in Latin, it is "simio") in an "online rush of global hilarity", and compared to the plot of the film "Bean". Because of the negative attention, the priest of the church, Father Florencio Garces, thinks the painting should be covered up.
Artistic significance.
Tongue-in-cheek critiques have interpreted the piece as a multifaceted comment on both sacred and secular themes. A Forbes commentator suggested that the "inept restoration" represented "one woman’s vision of her savior, uncompromised by schooling." An online petition signed by more than 20,000 people describes it as "a clever reflection of the political and social situation of our time. It portrays a subtle critique of the creationist theories of the Church, while questioning the emergence of new idols." In September 2012 the artistic group Wallpeople presented hundreds of reworked versions of the new image on a wall near the Centre de Cultura Contemporània de Barcelona. An organizer commented that "Cecilia has created a pop icon".
Tourist success.
The interest from tourists was such that the church began charging to see the fresco. In the year following the failed restoration, tourist activity generated 40,000 visits and more than €50,000 for a local charity. Giménez has sought a share of the royalties. Giménez's lawyer said that she wanted her share of the profits to help muscular atrophy charities, because her son suffers from the condition.

</doc>
<doc id="36806821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806821" title="2012–13 EuroCup Women">
2012–13 EuroCup Women

The EuroCup Women 2012–13 will be the eleventh edition of FIBA Europe's second-tier international competition for women's basketball clubs under such name. It will be contested by 30 teams from 15 countries, and it is scheduled to run from 24 October 2012 to 14 March 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36806827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806827" title="Aleksei Yefimtsev">
Aleksei Yefimtsev

Aleksei Dmitrieyvich Yefimtsev (; born February 5, 1986) is a Russian football defender who last played for FC Dolgoprudny.

</doc>
<doc id="36806835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806835" title="Aleksandr Medvedkin">
Aleksandr Medvedkin

Aleksandr Ivanovich Medvedkin (; 24 February 1900 – 20 February 1989), was a Soviet Russian film director, best known for his 1934 film "Happiness". His life and art are the subject of Chris Marker's film "The Last Bolshevik" (1992).

</doc>
<doc id="36806837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806837" title="Greetje Kraan">
Greetje Kraan

Greetje Kraan (sometimes misspelled as Geertje) is a former Dutch swimmer. As part of the national team, she won the 1958 European Aquatics Championships in the 4×100 metres freestyle relay and broke two world records in the 4×100 m medley relay (1956 and 1957). In 1957, she also set a European record in the 100 m freestyle (25 m pool).

</doc>
<doc id="36806842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806842" title="Emirhacı, Gülnar">
Emirhacı, Gülnar

Emirhacı is a small village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province, Turkey. The village is situated in the Toros Mountains and to the south of Gülnar at . The distance to Gülnar is and to Mersin is . The population of the village was 66 as of 2011. Emirhacı was a part of Beydili village up to 1953 when it was declared a village. The ancient (Luvian) castle Meydancık is situated to the west of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="36806874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806874" title="2012 Ljubljana Marshes hot air balloon crash">
2012 Ljubljana Marshes hot air balloon crash

The 2012 Ljubljana hot air balloon crash occurred on the Ljubljana Marshes in central Slovenia on 23 August 2012, killing six people.
Accident.
A hot air balloon carrying 32 passengers, mostly tourists, crashed and caught fire during a thunderstorm on the Ljubljana Marshes, in the Municipality of Ig, between Lavrica, Črna Vas and Ig, next to Ig Street (), two hundred meters from the turn for Matena, seven kilometres south of Ljubljana. A sudden weather change caused the pilot to try to land immediately. However, the emergency landing was thwarted by wind shear and the balloon hit nearby trees. Fire followed.
Casualties.
Four people on board were killed during the accident and twenty eight others were injured. The four dead at the scene were charred beyond recognition. All four were from Ljubljana: a couple, their 11-year-old daughter and a 56-year-old woman. Ten people had to be resuscitated. All of the survivors, aged from about 10 to about 60 years, received medical care: 21 of them at the Ljubljana University Medical Centre, five in the Novo Mesto Hospital, one in the Jesenice Hospital and one in the Celje Hospital. Two critically injured men- the pilot and another man from Ljubljana- were later transported to the Maribor University Clinical Centre. Two of the injured people were British and another two were Italian citizens. A fifth victim died of her injuries two weeks later in Ljubljana and the sixth victim, a 59-year-old man from Ljubljana, a few days later in Maribor.
Specifics of the balloon.
The basket of the balloon was long and wide. It had four compartments. Its inertia was . The balloon was manufactured by the Lindstrand Balloons company. It was the largest balloon in the country and the largest serially manufactured balloon in the world.
Aftermath.
Slovene Civil Aviation Agency reported on 27 August 2012 that commercial hot air balloon flights were banned temporarily. The duration of the ban was not given, but the reason for the ban was cited as the balloon crash.
On the same day at 7:00 pm, a mass was held in St. Michael's Church on the Marshes in Črna Vas by Anton Jamnik, the auxiliary Bishop of Ljubljana, for the dead and injured. It was attended by about 400 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36806884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806884" title="Back in the Saddle (film)">
Back in the Saddle (film)

Back in the Saddle is a 1941 American Western film directed by Lew Landers and starring Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, and Mary Lee. Written by Richard Murphy and Jesse Lasky Jr., the film is about a singing cowboy who attempts to bring peace between ranchers and the operator of a copper mine whose chemicals are poisoning the area's water supply. The film features several of Autry's hit songs, including "Back in the Saddle", "I'm An Old Cowhand", and "You Are My Sunshine".
Plot.
Singing cowboy and ranch foreman Gene Autry (Gene Autry) and his sidekick Frog Millhouse (Smiley Burnette) are in New York City at a rodeo looking to "round up" their new ranch owner Tom Bennett (Edward Norris) and bring him back to Solitude, Arizona to run the Bar Cross ranch left to him by his late father. Tom, however, has no interest in leaving behind the excitement and glamour of the city for a boring life out West. Having promised Tom's father that he would take care of his son, Gene takes him to the train by force.
During the train ride back to Solitude, Gene meets his old friend, gambler Duke Winston (Addison Richards), who just eluded the men he cheated in a card game. When they arrive at Solitude, Tom manages to run off on his own and soon meets singer Taffy (Jacqueline Wells) and her teenaged sister Patsy (Mary Lee) who are in town looking for work. Thinking that Duke is as important as he pretends to be, Tom asks him to help Taffy get a singing job at the local saloon. Having already convinced mine owner and saloon owner E.G. Blaine (Arthur Loft) to hire him as manager, Duke has no problem hiring Taffy. Gene thinks that Taffy is a common showgirl after Tom's money, and his rudeness to her initiates a brawl. Afterwards, Tom tries to convince him he's wrong about Taffy, and that she's nice. Gene replies, "She's a dance hall girl in a mining town—they're all nice. That's their business."
Soon after, Gene discovers that cattle are dying on the banks of a stream used by Blaine and his copper mines; the waste from the mine is poisoning the cattle. Back in town, Gene tries to reason with Blaine, urging him to build proper drainage pits to clean the water, but when the foreman says they would have to shut down operations for weeks, Blaine refuses. Infuriated by Blaine's greed, Gene goes to Judge Bent to obtain an injunction to stop the mining, but learns that he must travel to Phoenix to get it. At the train station, Gene runs into Patsy and Taffy, and apologizes for his earlier behavior.
While Gene is away, Tom grows frustrated with the continued poisoning of the cattle, and despite Frog's warning that they should wait for the injunction, Tom rounds up the ranchers and rides to close down the mine. When they arrive at the mine, a gunfight breaks out and Tom kills one of Blaine's henchmen in self-defense. Blaine makes it look like murder, and the miners organize a lynch mob. Duke returns and persuades Blaine to stop them, saving Tom's life.
Afterwards, Blaine tells Gene that he'll ensure that Tom is given a fair trial if Gene withdraws the injunction. Gene agrees, but only if Blaine starts digging a drainage system voluntarily and ensures a fair trial. After the meeting, Gene tells Tom that he'll need to go to jail until a trial is held. Tom and Taffy are shocked that Gene would allow Tom to be taken to jail, believing that he must be conspiring with Blaine. When Blaine reveals to Duke that he has no intention of building the drainage system, Duke says, "Never be alone with yourself, Blaine. You wouldn't like it."
As the waste dumping continues, the ranchers complain to Gene that Blaine still has not constructed drainage pits to clean the water. When they pressure him to serve the injunction, Gene defends Tom and says he must have a chance. The ranchers reluctantly agree to wait two days until the trial. After they leave, Gene admits to Judge Bent that he now believes Blaine never intended to hold up his end of the bargain. The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue, and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced.
After the judge sends word that the trial can be moved, Gene serves Blaine with the injunction to stop the waste dumping. When Blaine hears that Gene has a change of venue order, he directs his henchman, Sheriff Simpson, to organize a trap that will implicate Gene and Tom in a jailbreak, during which they can both be killed. When Taffy learns about the trap, she tries to warn Gene but Blaine's men stop her. Patsy, however, is able to ride to the ranch and get Frog and the other men.
While Gene and Tom are trapped by Blaine's men in the jail, Duke sneaks in to help them during the shootout. When Blaine's men set the building on fire, Duke is shot and killed while helping Gene and Tom escape. Blaine is also killed. Frog and the ranch hands arrive and stampede their cattle through the town. After a street brawl, Blaine's men are arrested and taken away. Afterwards, Gene and Taffy join their friends at a picnic celebrating Tom's twenty-first birthday.
Production.
Casting.
The original working title for the film was "Song at Twilight". Margaret Tallichet was originally offered the leading lady role but her husband, director William Wyler, persuaded her to join him in Sun Valley for a winter vacation instead. The role was then offered to Jacqueline Wells, who later gained semi-stardom under the name Julie Bishop during the war years. Wells was born in Denver, Colorado in 1914 and became a silent film child actress who transitioned easily to talkies and adult roles. She appeared in over 80 films between 1923 and 1957. One of her earliest credits was a silent serial, "Bar C Mystery" (1926). She is best remembered for the films she did at Warner Bros. during the war years, including "Princess O'Rourke" (1943), supporting Olivia de Havilland and Robert Cummings, "Action in the North Atlantic" (1943) opposite Humphrey Bogart, "Rhapsody in Blue" (1945) as Ira Gershwin's wife, and "Cinderella Jones" (1946). She is perhaps best remembered for her role as the prostitute who fell in love with John Wayne's character in "Sands of Iwo Jima" (1950). Autry would later remember her as "an interesting actress" who had talent, but "seemed doomed to work in nothing but B-westerns." Remembering her work on "Back in the Saddle", Wells would later recall, "Actually, I didn't have much to do with Gene in the film, I had more scenes with Edward Norris." Regarding the singing sequences, she remembered, "Usually I was dubbed but, occasionally, if it wasn't something too difficult, I was allowed to do it. They prerecord the songs, then a huge machine comes onto the stage and you lip-sync to the recording."
Filming and budget.
"Back in the Saddle" was filmed January 21 to February 4, 1941. The film had an operating budget of $84,572 (equal to $ today), and a negative cost of $87,735.

</doc>
<doc id="36806885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806885" title="2006 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Doubles">
2006 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Doubles

Michaël Llodra and Fabrice Santoro were the defending champions, but Santoro did not participate this year. Llodra partnered Thierry Ascione, losing in the first round.
Julien Benneteau and Arnaud Clément won in the final 6–2, 6–7(3–7), [10–7], against František Čermák and Jaroslav Levinský.

</doc>
<doc id="36806893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806893" title="Duke Special Sings the Songs of Ruby Murray">
Duke Special Sings the Songs of Ruby Murray

Duke Special Sings the Songs of Ruby Murray is a charity EP by Duke Special, in which he sings the songs of Ruby Murray. All profits from sales will be reinvested in Depaul Ireland’s on-going services to the homeless in the North and South of Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="36806906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806906" title="Happiness (1934 film)">
Happiness (1934 film)

Happiness (, "Schastye") is a 1934 silent satirical slapstick (or rather lubok) comedy set in the Russian Empire before the October Revolution and in the Soviet Union at the time of the collectivization. Medvedkin's original title was "The Snatchers" or "The Possessors" (Стяжатели).
The original print featured an experimental color sequence illustrating a poor peasant's dreams of becoming a king. It was the first color production of the Mosfilm studio. According to Medvedkin, "At that time the peasant could not dream of anything multicoloured of beautiful. His dream was limited, and in that the technology helped". The sequence was discarded on account of its poor technical quality and is apparently lost.
Unnoticed on its release, "Happiness" became well-known in the 1960s among film scholars. It was especially championed by Chris Marker who included some excerpts from "Happiness" in his 1992 documentary "The Last Bolshevik".

</doc>
<doc id="36806915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806915" title="Göktürk, Gülnar">
Göktürk, Gülnar

Göktürk is a small village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province, Turkey. The village is situated in the Toros Mountains at . The distance to Gülnar is and to Mersin is . The population of the village was 72 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36806948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36806948" title="New Brunswick Route 555">
New Brunswick Route 555

Route 555 is a long east-west secondary highway in the western portion of New Brunswick, Canada. 
The route starts at Route 103 (Houlton Road) in Woodstock east of Trans-Canada Highway exit 188. The road travels west passing Southern Carleton Elementary School in Bedell then passes through Campbell Settlement and Richmond Corner before crossing Route 540. The last stretch of the highway passes by Irish Settlement before ending at Route 95 near the Houlton–Woodstock Border Crossing.

</doc>
<doc id="36807024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807024" title="Agasias, son of Menophilus">
Agasias, son of Menophilus

Agasias, son of Menophilus was an Ancient Greek sculptor from Ephesus. He was possibly the cousin of Agasias, son of Dositheus, sculptor of the Borghese Gladiator. He is mentioned in a Greek inscription, from which it appears that he exercised his art in Delos while that island was under Roman sway; probably some time about 100 BC. He probably sculpted a striking figure of a warrior now in the National Archaeological Museum, Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="36807028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807028" title="Jonathan Freudman">
Jonathan Freudman

Jonathan Joseph Freudman Quintana (born June 8, 1990) is a Venezuelan actor.

</doc>
<doc id="36807038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807038" title="925th Tactical Airlift Group">
925th Tactical Airlift Group

The 925th Tactical Airlift Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 446th Tactical Airlift Wing, based at Ellington Air Force Base, Texas. It was inactivated on 25 March 1968.
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population. 
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments. 
As a result, the 925th Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The group was one of three C-119 groups assigned to the 446th TCW in 1963, the others being the 924th Troop Carrier Group, also at Ellington AFB and the 926th Troop Carrier Group at New Orleans Naval Air Station, Louisiana.
Flew experimental drop missions in support of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) from 1963 to 1967. Was part of the USAF Combat Crew Training School, the first Air Force Reserve institution that trained active duty crews. Retied the Flying Boxcars in 1967, upgrading to the newer C-130A Hercules. 
Unit was inactivated in 1968 by DoD budget reductions due to the Vietnam War.

</doc>
<doc id="36807045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807045" title="2005 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Doubles">
2005 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Doubles

Jonathan Erlich and Andy Ram were the defending champions, but lost in the semifinals this year.
Michaël Llodra and Fabrice Santoro won in the final 6–3, 6–1, against Jeff Coetzee and Rogier Wassen.

</doc>
<doc id="36807046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807046" title="Design that Matters">
Design that Matters

Founded in 2001 by a team of MIT students, Design that Matters (DtM), is a nonprofit design company that partners with social entrepreneurs to design products that address basic needs in developing countries. 
DtM's core competencies include ethnography, design and engineering. DtM manages a collaborative design process through which hundreds of students and professional volunteers contribute to the design of new product and services for the poor in developing countries. DtM has completed projects in health care, education, microfinance and renewable energy. The company has worked in Mali, Benin, Kenya, India, Nepal, Bangladesh, Vietnam, Cambodia, the Philippines and Indonesia. DtM partners include the East Meets West Foundation, Solar Ear, World Education, the Center for Integration of Medicine and Innovative Technology's Global Health Initiative (CIMIT GHI), the Centre for Mass Education in Science (CMES) in Bangladesh and the Mann Deshi Mahila Sahakari Bank in India.
In 2012, Design that Matters received the National Design Award for Corporate and Institutional Achievement.
Products.
Kinkajou Microfilm Projector.
The Kinkajou Microfilm projector is design to assist night-time adult literacy education in developing countries. The Kinkajou uses microfilm to store up to 10,000 reference images on a US$5 cassette. Using a high-intensity LED light source and inexpensive plastic optics adapted from Fisher-Price toys, the device is able to project the references images onto a classroom wall. The device draws power from a motorcycle battery, which users charge during the day using a small solar panel.
World Education, an international nonprofit, implemented the Kinkajou projector in 40 villages in rural Mali in 2004. Design that Matters was named a 2005 Tech Museum Awards Laureate for development of the Kinkajou Portable Library and Projector. The product was featured in the Cooper Hewitt, National Design Museum's "Design for the Other 90%" exhibit in 2008.
Neonurture Infant Incubator.
DtM created the NeoNurture Infant Incubator in 2010 to demonstrate how to adapt an infant thermoregulation device to the context of a poor hospital in a developing country. The project was a collaboration with both Medicine Mondiale in New Zealand, and the Global Health Initiative at the Center for Integration of Medicine and Innovative Technology, or CIMIT, a nonprofit consortium of Boston teaching hospitals and engineering schools. The goal was to demonstrate how to provide the capacilities of a top-of-the-line infant incubator in an inexpensive device. As part of the early stages of the project, students at Stanford University developed an infant sleeping bag that they then independently developed as Embrace Global. In the final Neonurture design, many product features were implemented using car parts, the idea being that spare parts would be easier to find in a poor country. 
The NeoNurture Infant Incubator was named #1 of the "50 Best Inventions of 2010" by TIME Magazine. An early "car parts" incubator concept is on display at the Paul S. Russell, MD Museum of Medical History and Innovation at MGH. The NeoNurture concept was featured in the Cooper Hewitt, National Design Museum's "Why Design Now" National Design Triennial exhibit.
Firefly Infant Phototherapy.
The Firefly Infant Phototherapy device was designed to treat newborn jaundice in poor countries. Firefly uses high-intensity LEDs in a novel configuration to provide high-intensity phototherapy. Firefly was designed through a partnership between Design that Matters, the East Meets West Foundation in California and Medical Technology Transfer and Services in Vietnam. Firefly began clinical trials in Vietnam and the Philippines in December 2011. The device received a Silver Award for social impact design in Industrial Designers Society of America's 2012 IDEA Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="36807054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807054" title="Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye (song)">
Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye (song)

"Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Luke Bryan. It was released in August 2012 as the fourth single from his album "Tailgates & Tanlines". The song was written by Bryan, Jeff Stevens and Shane McAnally.
Content.
The song is in the key of F minor with a chord pattern of D-Fm-E. It is about a couple who have decided to break up because the only thing they can get right is making love and they decide to "do what do best" one last time before breaking up. Co-writer and producer Jeff Stevens told Taste of Country that he came up with the title while playing his guitar, but did not finalize the song until he presented the idea to Bryan and co-writer Shane McAnally.
Critical reception.
Billy Dukes of "Taste of Country" gave the song three stars out of five, writing that "it’s got a great hook, and a quirky, memorable lyric but after back-to-back No. 1 hits of a similar groove, it’s wearing a little thin." Ben Foster of "Country Universe" gave the song a C+ grade, saying that it "could have been good, but this endlessly distracting wall of noise doesn’t let it come anywhere close to its potential." Matt Bjorke of "Roughstock" gave the song a favorable review, writing that "Luke sings this one well and with the tasty melody accompaniment, it’s a memorable radio song."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Shaun Silva and premiered in October 2012.
Chart performance.
"Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye" debuted at number 55 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for the week of July 28, 2012. It also debuted at number 92 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for the week of September 8, 2012. It also debuted at number 91 on Canadian Hot 100 chart for the week of September 8, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36807073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807073" title="In the Pocket (Neil Sedaka album)">
In the Pocket (Neil Sedaka album)

In the Pocket is a 1980 in-studio album by American pop singer Neil Sedaka. In America, it marked his third album on the Elektra label. Elsewhere around the world, it was released on the Polydor label. The first single issued was "Letting Go," in the autumn of 1979, but the single did not manage to reach the Hot 100.
However, "In The Pocket" would become Sedaka's best-known Elektra album because of its second single, the duet he performed with his daughter Dara, "Should've Never Let You Go" which charted at #19 on the Billboard Hot 100 and at #4 on the Adult Contemporary charts in 1980. It was a remake of a 1978 song, "Should've Never Let Her Go" from the album "All You Need Is the Music", which Sedaka had sung solo. The Top 20 duet would become Sedaka's final appearance on the Hot 100.
CD Reissue.
In 2009 and again in 2013, Elektra reissued this album on CD in selected European Union countries. [http://www.ebay.com/itm/NEIL-SEDAKA-IN-THE-POCKET-/371090355127?pt=Music_CDs&hash=item5666b573b7]

</doc>
<doc id="36807082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807082" title="Hong Kong national football team results (1980–89)">
Hong Kong national football team results (1980–89)

This is a list of the Hong Kong national football team results from 1980 to 1989.
1981.
No any matches were played in 1981.
1987.
No any matches were played in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="36807089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807089" title="Gerry Pennell">
Gerry Pennell

Gerry Pennell OBE (born 1 July 1959) is a British IT Executive, formerly a director at Co-operative Financial Services, who studied Mathematics at The University of Manchester. Gerry Pennell was named as Chief Information Officer of the London Organising Committee of the Games (LOCOG) on 19 September 2008.
Previously, Mr Pennell was Director of Technology for the 17th Commonwealth Games held in Manchester 2002.
It was announced in 2013 that Pennell would take up the position of Director of IT at The University of Manchester in July of that year.
He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in the 2013 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="36807094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807094" title="Horrid Henry Tricks the Tooth Fairy (book)">
Horrid Henry Tricks the Tooth Fairy (book)

Horrid Henry Tricks The Tooth Fairy is the third book of the "Horrid Henry" series. It was published in 1996 and written by Francesca Simon and illustrated by Tony Ross.
Plot.
"Horrid Henry Tricks The Tooth Fairy".
Everyone in Horrid Henry's class had lost at least one tooth - that is except Henry himself. Just today, his "younger" brother, Perfect Peter had lost a tooth. So, Henry decides to eat as many sweets as he can from his sweet jar, although it is two days before "Sweet Day" when he is allowed to eat sweets. Henry's "hard work" comes to a waste when none of his teeth feel wobbly and worse, his mouth, gums and stomach hurt. Then, he gets a "brilliant" idea. He decides to trick the tooth fairy. So on that night, Henry silently creeps into Peter's room and steals the tooth Peter placed under his pillow but bumps into his mother and manages to escape. The next morning, Henry doesn't find a coin from the tooth fairy but Peter finds a pound coin from the fairy. Henry asks his mother how the tooth fairy knows whose pillow to put money and she says that she looks at the gap between the child's teeth. Henry realizes his mistake and places a piece of black paper over his mouth. At night, when he sleeps, he ties his finger to a fake vampire tooth (a substitute for the real one) to make sure that when the tooth fairy comes and takes his tooth, he gets woken up. The next morning, Henry receives a fake 50p coin and a letter from the tooth fairy, mocking him for his trick. Henry's mother calls him down and scolds him for eating all the sweets and tells him to eat apples instead. Henry takes an apple and bites on it. To his horror, the bite had made him lose a tooth and he had swallowed it!
"Horrid Henry's Wedding".
Horrid Henry's cousin, Prissy Polly is getting married to Pimply Paul and he has been chosen to be a pageboy, along with Perfect Peter, his brother. First, Henry's family has trouble with Henry's pageboy clothes as they are too "tight". Second, they have trouble with Henry going to the wedding and they drag him into the car to go. Worse still, they are caught in the middle of a thunderstorm. They arrive at the wedding later than everybody. While the priest says all the holy blessings and promises, Henry pretends he is a famous chef who is tossing pancakes, only that he is tossing the wedding rings. When the rings are needed, Henry gives them a toy pirate ring. Afterwards, when everyone takes photos, Henry jumps in at the last moment and makes horrible faces. A while later, during the reception, while everyone is eating their lunch, Henry secretly eats the wedding cake but Pimply Paul catches him. While Paul is chasing Henry, he leaps and lands into the cake. Henry's entire family thinks its weird that there is no wedding cake...except for Henry!
"Moody Margaret Moves In".
Moody Margaret is going to move into Henry's house for a two weeks. His room is also given to Margaret and he has to sleep in Perfect Peter's room. When Margaret arrives, she immediately orders everyone to do spring cleaning. After that, everyone has dinner and Margaret consistently gets Henry into trouble. At bedtime, Margaret booby traps Henry's bed and stresses his parents by complaining. In the morning, Margaret blasts everyone out of bed with the noise from her trumpet, screams at the top of her voice to Mum and forces her to make breakfast for her. She found Henry's secret biscuits and crisps and ate every single one. On Wednesday, Margaret banns everyone from playing tapes because it disturbs her. One Thursday, Margaret stops Henry from singing as it disturbs her. On Friday, she makes Henry stop breathing for a while as it disturbs her. Henry gets fed up and devices a plan to get rid of her. He calls Margaret's parents to come at once from their holiday as Margaret is in an emergency. His plan works and Margaret's gone but Peter tells Mum and Dad what Henry did. Henry prepares for his punishment when Mum just simply says to him, "Go to your room." and Henry thinks that sweeter words were never spoken due to being kept from his room for 6 days.
"Horrid Henry's New Teacher".
Horrid Henry is a teacher's worst nightmare, but not for Ninius Nerdon. When he is Henry's teacher, he demonstrates his resilience perfectly. He can backfire Henry's tricks on him and answer back to a stupid statement that Henry gives. He never demonstrates irateness towards Henry and can even twist Henry's rude jokes into a nightmare for Henry. But when Henry makes him believe that Peter is dead, Mr. Nerdon faints and retires after getting medical attention. But Henry is in for a surprise when the even more notorious teacher (towards students), Miss Battle-Axe becomes his teacher and will stay that way for the rest of his life.

</doc>
<doc id="36807098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807098" title="Anna Elizabeth Botha">
Anna Elizabeth Botha

Anna Elizabeth Botha 1922 - 1997, born on May 6, 1922 as Anna Elizabeth Rossouw, was the First Lady of South Africa, as the wife of State President Pieter Willem Botha, from 1984 to 1989. From 1978 to 1984 Mr Botha served as Prime Minister of South Africa. 
Mr. Botha married Anna Elizabeth Rossouw on 13 March 1943. She went by the name Elize, and was the daughter of a pastor from Senekal, Dr SH Roussouw. They had two sons, Rossouw and Pieter Willem, and three daughters, Elanza, Amelia and Rozanne. 
Elize Botha had stayed quietly in the background as the First Lady of South Africa. She earned admiration from President Nelson Mandela for helping to arrange a luncheon that Mandela and widows of apartheid-era leaders attended.
She died on 6 June 1997 of a heart attack at the age of 75. She had suffered an aneurysm in 1978 but had been in good health since then.

</doc>
<doc id="36807110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807110" title="Typhoon Bolaven (2012)">
Typhoon Bolaven (2012)

Typhoon Bolaven (known in the Philippines as Typhoon Julian) was regarded as the most powerful storm to strike the Korean Peninsula in nearly a decade, with wind gusts measured up to . Forming as a tropical depression on August 19, 2012 to the southwest of the Mariana Islands, Bolaven steadily intensified as it slowly moved west-northwestward in a region favoring tropical development. The system was soon upgraded to a tropical storm less than a day after formation and further to a typhoon by August 21. Strengthening became more gradual thereafter as Bolaven grew in size. On August 24, the system attained its peak intensity with winds of 185 km/h (115 mph) and a barometric pressure of 910 mbar (hPa; 26.87 inHg). Weakening only slightly, the storm passed directly over Okinawa on August 26 as it began accelerating toward the north. Steady weakening continued as Bolaven approached the Korean Peninsula and it eventually made landfall in North Korea late on August 28 before transitioning into an extratropical cyclone. The remnants rapidly tracked northeastward over the Russian Far East before turning eastward and were last noted on September 1 crossing the International Dateline.
Although Bolaven struck the Ryukyu Islands as a powerful typhoon, damage was less than expected. Relatively few buildings were damaged or destroyed across the region. The most significant effects stemmed from heavy rains, amounting to , that caused flash flooding and landslides. One person drowned on Amami Ōshima after being swept away by a swollen river. In mainland Japan, two people drowned after being swept away by rough seas. In South Korea, 19 people were killed by the storm. Many buildings were damaged and approximately 1.9 million homes were left without power. Losses in the country reached ₩420 billion (US$374.3 million), the majority of which was due to destroyed apple orchards. Significant damage also took place in North Korea where at least 59 people were killed and 50 others were reported missing. Additionally, 6,700 homes were destroyed. Offshore, nine people drowned after two Chinese vessels sank.
Meteorological history.
On August 18, an area of showers and thunderstorms associated with a trough formed about west-southwest of Guam. Over the following day, a low-level circulation developed within the trough. Tracking slowly northeastward into a region of warm sea surface temperatures, low wind shear, and favorable divergence, continued development was anticipated. Later on August 19, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert as the system was anticipated to develop further. Hours later, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) classified the low as a tropical depression. The JTWC followed suit early on August 20, designating the system as Tropical Depression 16W. Following the development of convective banding features along the southern side of the low, both the JMA and JTWC upgraded the depression to a tropical storm, with the former assigning it the name "Bolaven". By this time, the storm began turning northwestward in response to a subtropical ridge south of Japan. Later on August 20, microwave imagery from the Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite depicted a weak eye-like feature.
Early on August 21, the JMA upgraded Bolaven to a severe tropical storm, with maximum estimated winds at 95 km/h (60 mph). Throughout the day, a large central dense overcast developed around the low-level circulation and banding features became more prominent, especially over the southern half of the storm. However, the northwestern quadrant of Bolaven struggled to organize as quickly due to moderate wind shear produced by a nearby upper-level anticyclone. Due to the improved structure, both the JMA and JTWC upgraded Bolaven to a typhoon during the latter half of August 21. Gradual intensification ensued over the following days as the storm became increasingly organized. A second anticyclone developed over the center of Bolaven later that day and enhanced the cyclone's poleward outflow. Although subsidence and wind shear increased along the northern edge of the storm on August 23, the system's outflow allowed it mitigate the negative effects ahead of it.
Due to the storm's large size, it began turning towards the north-northwest along the subtropical ridge on August 24, earlier than anticipated. During this brief turn, the center of Bolaven crossed 135°E, entering the area of responsibility of the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA). As such, the administration assigned the typhoon with the local name "Julian". Later that day, a well-defined, wide eye developed within the central dense overcast and several additional feeder bands formed along the south side of the circulation. Based on the improved structure, the JTWC estimated that the system attained one-minute sustained winds of 215 km/h (135 mph), equivalent to a Category 4 on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale. By the morning of August 25, Bolaven began to undergo an eyewall replacement cycle. Despite the slightly degrading structure, the JTWC estimated the storm to have intensified slightly, attaining one-minute winds of 230 km/h (145 mph).
On August 25, Bolaven began to interact with Typhoon Tembin, which was located over the South China Sea, causing Tembin to execute a slow counter-clockwise loop. An outer eyewall became more apparent late on August 25 with a clear second ring of deep convection surrounding the original eye. Similar to the JTWC, the JMA continued to indicate that Bolaven was intensifying through early on August 26. At that time, the JMA estimated the typhoon to have reached its peak intensity with winds of 185 km/h (115 mph) and a barometric pressure of 910 mbar (hPa; 26.87 inHg). As the system approached Okinawa, radar imagery showed a wide eyewall surrounding a small, but well-organized wide inner eyewall. Shortly before 1500 UTC on August 26, the center of Bolaven passed directly over Okinawa. At the time, the JTWC assessed the system to have had one-minute sustained winds of 195 km/h (120 mph) while the JMA estimated the winds to be 175 km/h (110 mph). Early on August 27, the storm's inner eyewall collapsed as the eyewall replacement cycle finished, with the new eye estimated to be about in diameter. In addition to its unusually large eye, the storm itself was large, spanning approximately . However, microwave satellite imagery indicated an overall weakening of the western side of the storm. Accelerating northward, Bolaven maintained a well-defined outflow due to a large tropical upper-tropospheric trough to its southeast and a mid-latitude trough to the northwest.
As the storm moved northward over the Yellow Sea, atmospheric conditions became increasingly hostile, with significantly lower sea surface temperatures and high wind shear. During the overnight of August 27–28, the typhoon brushed South Korea as a weakening cyclone. Convection on the west side of the storm diminished and its feeder bands began to collapse. Increasing shear started taking its toll early on August 28 as convection became displaced from the center of circulation, leaving part of the southwestern quadrant exposed. This also indicated that Bolaven had begun to undergo an extratropical transition as it approached the Korean Peninsula. Following structural weakening, the JMA and JTWC downgraded Bolaven to a severe tropical storm and tropical storm, respectively. Hours before moving onshore in North Korea, the majority of the convection had moved over land while the circulation and the center itself had only stratocumulus clouds covering it. Around 1500 UTC on August 28, Bolaven made landfall in North Korea with winds of 100 km/h (65 mph). Rapidly moving towards the northeast, the storm became fully embedded within a baroclinic zone near the China–North Korea border later that day. The JMA continued to monitor Bolaven as a tropical cyclone until early on August 29, at which time the system was situated over the southern region of the Russian Far East. The extratropical remnants later turned eastward and were last noted on September 1 crossing the International Dateline.
Preparations.
Philippines.
On August 24, fishing vessels and small craft off the northern and eastern coasts of Luzon, Philippines were advised to not venture out due to large swells produced by Typhoons Bolaven and Tembin.
Ryukyu Islands.
On August 22, hours before the JTWC classified Bolaven as a typhoon, Okinawa was placed under Tropical Cyclone Condition of Readiness (TCCR) four. The following day, media reports began calling Typhoon Bolaven "the bad one." At this time, the then Category 4-equivalent typhoon was expected to pass directly over Okinawa and based on forecasts from the JTWC, it would be the most powerful storm to hit the island in 13 years. On August 24, the TCCR was raised to level three. During the afternoon of August 25, the TCCR was raised to the third-highest level, one. Residents were urged to have all their preparations complete as soon as possible before the storm arrived. This was further raised to TCCR 1-C (caution) as tropical storm force winds began impacting the island.
Across Ishigaki Island, all public activities were canceled by August 24 and flights to mainland Japan were suspended. Ferry service to Kagoshima Prefecture was also canceled. Throughout Okinawa, 850 people, including 300 in Naha, evacuated to public shelters due to the threat of flooding. Transportation across the island was paralyzed due to the storm as ferry terminals, airports, and bus and rail services were shut down. During the evening of August 25, All Nippon Airways and Japan Airlines canceled all flights to and from the Ryukyu Islands, south of Amami Ōshima for August 26 and the morning of August 27. The slow motion of the storm led meteorologists at the JMA to warn residents of a potential record rainfall event, stating that localized areas could receive between of rain. Rainfall rates were expected to reach nearly per hour during the height of the storm. Due to the significant threat of flash flooding and mudslides, residents living in flood-prone or mountainous areas were urged to evacuate.
China.
Although located more than away from Eastern China, officials in the country issued sea warnings on August 27 due to waves estimated between over the East China Sea and Yellow Sea. In Northeastern China, ferry service along the Yalu River in Dandong City was suspended the same day. Due to the threat of heavy rains, approximately 23,000 were evacuated in Jiangsu Province. In Weihai city, more than 2,000 vessels sought refuge at port and ferry services were canceled. In Shanghai, more than 100 flights were canceled on August 28 due to the storm.
Korean Peninsula and Russia.
Initially, forecasts from the JMA and Korea Meteorological Administration indicated that Bolaven would strike the country at an intensity greater than that of the nation's worst typhoon disaster in decades: Typhoon Rusa in 2002. On August 27, nearly all of South Korea was placed under a typhoon warning as the storm approached. The state disaster relief board went to its highest alert level prior to the storm's arrival. More than 400 flights were canceled across the country, including 109 international flights from Incheon International Airport. The majority of cancellations were domestic flights, mainly from Ningbo to Jeju Island. Local authorities conducted safety inspections of areas prone to landslides and closed off beaches and seawalls. Residents in flood-prone areas were encouraged to evacuate for their own safety as well. Along the coast, hundreds of ships sought refuge from rough seas in various harbors and ports. Numerous ports banned sea travel and shut down activities by August 27, and 68 of the nation's 87 ferry routes were canceled. In Busan, all ships were not allowed access to the docks until the typhoon's passage.
Storm warnings were issued as far north as the Russian Far East as officials anticipated the remnants of the typhoon to cause significant disruption in the region. Residents were advised to avoid outdoor activities from August 28 to 29 as the storm moved through. In the Sea of Japan, more than 100 ships sought refuge in bays across the Primorsky Krai. Ferry service to all islands in the region was also suspended. All military personnel in the region were placed at an elevated state of readiness for the storm. On August 28, crisis centers were opened in 12 cities and 22 districts across Primorsky Krai. Although the storm was expected to cause significant disruptions in the region, Russian Emergencies Minister Vladimir Puchkov stated that the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Summit in Vladivostok would continue as planned.
Impact.
Japan.
Regarded as the most powerful typhoon to strike the region since 1956, strong winds in Japan's Kagoshima Prefecture left approximately 60,000 residences without power. Although a strong storm when it passed over Okinawa, damage was less than initially feared. Across Okinawa, sustained winds were measured up to with gusts to . On Okinoerabujima, wind gusts were measured up to . At Kadena Air Base, a barometric pressure of 952 mb (hPa; 28.11 inHg) was measured as the storm passed over. Numerous trees were snapped or uprooted and dozens of buildings were damaged by the winds. Throughout the Ryukyu Islands, rainfall peaked in Setouchi, Kagoshima at . In Kunigami, of rain fell during the storm. These rains triggered flash flooding across several islands. On Amami Ōshima, one person drowned after being swept away by a swollen river. Numerous landslides took place across the islands, damaging roads and buildings. During the height of the storm, the highest level of warning, TCCR 1-E (emergency), was issued for the island, indicating that all outdoor activities were banned. Numerous roads and bridges were either shut down or blocked by debris across many of the islands, making travel difficult. Damage to public facilities throughout Kagoshima reached ¥6.3 billion (US$80.6 million).
Due to the threat of landslides, 5,500 households were evacuated across the Amami Islands on August 27. One home was destroyed and 1,065 residences were evacuated in Tokunoshima. Eight people were injured across the island and 549 sought refuge in public shelters. In Yonabaru, the typhoon's storm surge and large swells flooded coastal highways and inundated nearby buildings. Large sections of roads were also washed away by the storm. Cellphone service was lost late on August 26 throughout much of Okinawa Prefecture.
Passing over Okinawa with a central pressure of 910 mbar (hPa; 26.87 inHg), Bolaven became one of the most intense typhoons to ever strike the region. Off the coast of Wakayama Prefecture, swells from the typhoon battered fishing vessels and knocked the captain of one ship overboard. Although a rescue helicopter was quick to reach him, he was later pronounced dead at a local hospital. Just off the coast of Jogashima Misaki-cho in Miura, Kanagawa, two boys were swept away by large swells. A mother attempted to swim after them to save them but later drowned. The two boys were later rescued with minor injuries by the Coast Guard. Although the storm did not strike the Japanese mainland, its outer bands brought showers and thunderstorms to parts of Kyushu. Due to the rains, rail service in Saga Prefecture was temporarily suspended, affecting 4,200 passengers. In Isahaya, one person was injured after being struck by a billboard downed by high winds. Throughout Japan, losses to agriculture and fisheries amounted to ¥423.28 million (US$5.39 million).
South Korea.
The first area in South Korea impacted by Typhoon Bolaven was Jeju Island, a small island located off the southwestern coast of the nation. There, high winds from the storm downed power poles, broke street lamps, and damaged buildings. More than 70,000 households on the island lost power. On Jeollanam-do Wando, a wind gust of was recorded during the storm's passage. Across the country, approximately 1.9 million people lost power, though it was quickly restored to all but 34,000 within a day. In Seoul, strong winds damaged street lamps, church spires, and downed signs. Due to various storm-related incidents, hundreds of people had to be evacuated. Throughout the country, at least 19 people were killed by Typhoon Bolaven. Reports indicated that there was extensive property damage from the storm. Many buildings lost their roofs, several collapsed, and smaller structures were blown over. In Gwangju, a record 10,004 emergency calls were made in one day in relation to the storm, the majority of which were about fallen billboards.
In Naju, the country's largest producer of pears, approximately 1,400 hectares (3,460 acres) of pear trees, or 60% of the total crop, was destroyed. Agriculture as a whole suffered significantly from the storm, with a total of 9,000 hectares (22,000 acres) of apple and pear plantations being destroyed. As a result, the price of produce across the nation jumped substantially. In Yesan alone, a town where more than 1,500 families relies on their apple orchards for a living, losses to the orchards reached ₩300 billion (US$265.4 million). The prices of spinach, cabbage, and lettuce rose by 124%, 72%, and 26% respectively in just one day. Total losses throughout the country were estimated at ₩420 billion (US$374.3 million). More than 500 people were left homeless as a result of Bolaven, mostly in South Jeolla Province. Additionally, economic losses to airlines related to the typhoon reached ₩17 billion ($15 million). Korean Air and Asiana Airlines suffered the greatest losses of the affected companies.
About off the coast of Jeju Island, two Chinese vessels with a total of 33 people aboard, sank during the storm on August 28. According to local media, 18 of the crewmen were rescued or swam back to shore while 9 drowned and 6 others remained missing. Off the coast of South Gyeongsang Province, a 77,458 ton cargo ship ran aground during the storm and broke in half. Eighteen people were on board the vessel, though no one was injured during the incident.
North Korea.
In North Korea, heavy rains from the storm triggered significant flooding and many landslides. The Korean Central News Agency reported wind speeds of more than in North Hwanghae, South Hwanghae, South Hamgyong, South Pyongan Provinces and the city of Nampho, and waves as high as in the sea of Kimchaek. According to the North Korean Hydrometeorological Management Office, wind gusts reached . Widespread damage took place throughout the country as a result of the storm. The hardest hit area was South Hamgyong Province, where 48 people were killed and another 45 were reported missing. Across the province, 2,405 homes were destroyed and another 1,500 were damaged. In South Phyongan Province, eight people were killed and 714 homes were destroyed. Two people were killed in North Hamgyong Province and another died in Ryanggang Province. At least 8,950 homes were destroyed and approximately 101,000 hectares (250,000 acres) of crop and rice fields were flooded. More than a dozen schools and medical buildings were destroyed. Additionally, 16,730 trees were downed and 880 public and industrial buildings were severely damaged. In all, at least 59 people were killed, 50 others were reported missing, and more than 21,800 others were left homeless.
China and Russia.
Northeastern China did not experience the full-force of Typhoon Bolaven, though heavy rains did impact the country. Changchun recorded the heaviest rains in China related to Bolaven, with falling. In the city alone, 25 roads were flooded and 20 power poles were downed. Thousands of people were evacuated due to flooding triggered by the storm. Gale-force winds in Jilin Province damaged approximately 690,000 hectares (1.7 million acres) of crops. Rainfall amounting to caused localized flooding, disrupting transportation in Heilongjiang Province. Throughout Northeastern China, an estimated 40 million people were affected by the typhoon.
On August 29, the remnants of Bolaven brought winds up to in the Primorsky Krai, leaving 9,800 people without power. Power was soon restored to all but 195 residents who live in the town of Vityaz. In Vladivostok, wind gusts reached , downing numerous trees. Rains associated with the storm were light, with only recorded in Vladivostok. Gale-force winds prompted the temporary closure of the Bridge to Russky Island, which was built specifically for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Summit. With ferries already canceled, residents were unable to leave the island until the storm passed. In the Khabarovsk Krai, heavy rains from the storm proved beneficial as they allowed firefighters to extinguish six wildfires and contain five others within a 24 hour span. Along the coast, large waves caused some beach erosion and prompted evacuations in Manchzhurka. Additionally, five people had to be rescued after ignoring warnings and wading into the sea. In some areas, large numbers of crabs, fish, and oysters washed ashore during the storm.
Aftermath.
South Korea.
By September 6, farmers in southern areas of the country requested aid from the government. In South Jeolla Province, ₩35 billion (US$31.1 million) was allocated for post-storm recovery. Of this, about half went to repairing public facilities. Across the province, repairs were expected to be completed by October or November 2012. On September 11, the Food, Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Minister announced that residents severely affected by the typhoon were eligible for up to ₩50 million (US$44,000) in construction assistance. Economically, Typhoons Bolaven and Tembin contributed to a 6.6% decrease in construction investment, the largest drop since January 2003.
North Korea.
On September 4, Hwang Woo-yea, chairman of the Saenuri Party, urged the government to seek international aid, namely in the form of food, for residents affected by the typhoon. On September 6, the Red Cross Society of Democratic People's Republic of Korea announced that international aid may be requested for the effects of severe flooding in July and Typhoon Bolaven. Locally, the Red Cross distributed 2,515 emergency kits to more than 11,600 people in three of the hardest hit provinces. During the first week of September, the government of North Korea requested aid from South Korea and later accepted their offer of 10,000 tons of flour, and 3 million packages of instant noodles, medical supplies and other aid. Additionally, the United Nations World Food Program called for emergency assistance for the country. However, despite initially agreeing to terms with South Korea, North Korea rejected the aid offer, stating that "they don't need such aid."

</doc>
<doc id="36807119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807119" title="Despina Papadopoulos">
Despina Papadopoulos

Despina Papadopoulos is the founder of the interactive design group Studio 5050 Ltd, a multidisciplinary design and strategy studio based in New York. After spending a year working to revitalize traditional arts in Afghanistan as the director of business development for the Turquoise Mountain Foundation (funded by Prince Charles), she founded Principled Design, an organization that creates shared frameworks and strategies for collaboration, development and change. Papadopoulos has been named one of New York City's "Six most interesting women in tech" and she is an adjunct professor at NYU’s Tisch School of the Arts Interactive Telecommunications Program and a member of the faculty at the School of Visual Art’s MFA in Design for Social Innovation.
Education.
Papadopoulos received her bachelor's and master's degrees in philosophy from the Catholic University of Leuven in Belgium. She also received a master's at NYU's Tisch School of the Arts Interactive Telecommunications Program.

</doc>
<doc id="36807137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807137" title="Barbitistes">
Barbitistes

Barbitistes is a genus of katydids crickets in family Phaneropteridae subfamily Phaneropterinae.
Description.
In the genus "Barbitistes" the anterior dorsal surface of the vertex ("fastigium") is usually conical and blunt. The length of the antenna is approximately 1.5 - 3 fold to body length. The males have long and often tortuous appendages on the rear-most segments ("cerci"). The "Barbitistes" species are often brightly colored.
Distribution.
Species of this genus are present in most of Europe and in Asia Minor.
Species.
This genus contains the following species: 

</doc>
<doc id="36807154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807154" title="Lev Chegorovsky">
Lev Chegorovsky

Lev Ilych Chegorovsky (; February 20, 1914, Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire — October 21, 1991, Leningrad, USSR) was a Soviet Russian painter and Art teacher, a member of the Leningrad Union of Artists, who lived and worked in Leningrad. Lev Chegorovsky regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting, most famous for his portrait and historical paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="36807161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807161" title="Marshall C37">
Marshall C37

The Marshall C37 was introduced in 1993 on a Dennis Dart chassis. this body was also available with a MAN chassis and engine as an option. It was heavily used by subsidies of London Transport and City of Oxford Buses. Some were purchased by China Motor Bus for use on Express services on Hong Kong Island, with air condtioning and various other options as standard.

</doc>
<doc id="36807163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807163" title="Teofilo Kisanji University">
Teofilo Kisanji University


</doc>
<doc id="36807165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807165" title="Boosting (doping)">
Boosting (doping)

Boosting is a method of inducing autonomic dysreflexia with the intention of enhancing performance in sport. It can be used by an athlete with a spinal cord injury to increase their blood pressure and is performed by causing a painful stimulus in the lower part of the body. The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) banned the practice in 1994, but many competitors with spinal injuries are still thought to be using it as a performance enhancer.
Method.
Athletes with spinal injuries can have difficulties with autonomic functions and their bodies may be unable to control blood pressure and heart rate. Because of this their bodies do not adapt to the increased demand of physical activity. Without these changes the athlete can become fatigued and suffer from a lower level of endurance. Boosting works by tricking the body into a state of high blood pressure and heart rate, with an increased utilization of oxygen improving the athlete's performance.
Athletes who perform boosting before or during an event will often self-harm with some taking extreme measures to achieve the desired boost level. Techniques include:
Effectiveness and risks.
Boosting has been shown in simulated races to give noticeable improvements in the performance of wheelchair marathon athletes. In the 1994 study the athletes attained an average 9.7 percent improvement after their bladder had been over-distended or after sitting in the racing chair for 1–2 hours prior to competing. It is believed to be capable of enhancing performance by up to 15 percent.
There are many possible side effects of boosting, including the occurrence of a cerebrovascular or cardiovascular event such as a stroke or heart attack. Other complications include:
Prevalence.
The IPC conducted a survey during the 2008 Games with 99 responses. 16.7 percent of the participants indicated that they had tried boosting in training or during a competition, with more than half of them being competitors in wheelchair rugby. The use of boosting continues in athletes but is very difficult to detect. During the Games 20 athletes were tested just before their event for evidence of boosting but there were no positive results.
IPC view.
The IPC made boosting illegal in 1994. Their handbook states in Chapter 4.3:
An athlete with a systolic blood pressure of 180mm Hg or above will be re-examined approximately ten minutes after the first examination. If on the second examination the systolic blood pressure remains above 180mm Hg the person in charge of the examination shall inform the Technical Delegate to withdraw the athlete from the particular competition in question.
Any deliberate attempt to induce Autonomic Dysreflexia is forbidden and will be reported to the Technical Delegate. The athlete will be disqualified from the particular competition regardless of the systolic blood pressure.

</doc>
<doc id="36807174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807174" title="Barbitistes obtusus">
Barbitistes obtusus

Barbitistes obtusus, common name Southern Saw-tailed Bush-cricket, is a species of katydids crickets in family Phaneropteridae subfamily Phaneropterinae.
Description.
"Barbitistes obtusus" can reach a length of . It is very similar to "Barbitistes serricauda", so that both species are difficult to distinguish from each other. The ground color varies greatly from gray and light brown to olive green and turquoise. Dark individuals are rare. The abdomen is short and thick, while the pronotum and head are quite small. The antennae are about a body length. The legs are of medium length and wear small spines. The sharply formed wings are light brown. Two yellow stripes with red border extend from the eyes on pronotum and tegmina. The head and the legs are reddish. The abdomen has tiny dark spots. The cerci of the male are dark red, clearly S-shaped, with rounded apex. They are the most important distinction between this species and "Barbitistes serricauda". Adults can be found from June to August feeding on plants and small invertebrates.
Distribution and Habitat.
This species replaces "Barbitistes serricauda" in the Southern Alps. It is present in France, Italy and Switzerland, from the Basses-Alpes to the Julian Alps and central Apennines, with a small populations in the Apuan Alps. This typical mountain species prefers lightly shaded woods and scrubland up to 2000 meters a.s.l.. It is often found on blackberry leaves.

</doc>
<doc id="36807183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807183" title="List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to South Sudan">
List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to South Sudan

The Ambassador of the United Kingdom to South Sudan is the United Kingdom's foremost diplomatic representative in the Republic of South Sudan.
South Sudan became an independent state on 9 July 2011 and the British Consulate General in the capital, Juba, was upgraded to a sovereign Embassy.

</doc>
<doc id="36807198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807198" title="Bali Safari and Marine Park">
Bali Safari and Marine Park

Bali Safari and Marine Park, or Taman Safari III is a branch of Taman Safari located in Gianyar, Bali.
Facilities.
Bali Safari and Marine Park has many facilities, including:
The zoo provides bus tours for visitors to view some 400 animals from 3 regions including Indonesia, India, and Africa.
Ganesha Park.
Ganesha Park is a park which has a statue of Ganesha. This will be the entrance to the Bali Theatre, which will feature Balinese Art.
Pura Safari.
Pura Safari is a temple (pura) located in the zoo, where people of Hindu Dharma and Hindu religious worship.

</doc>
<doc id="36807221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807221" title="List of Chancellors of Transylvania">
List of Chancellors of Transylvania

The following is the list of Chancellors of Transylvania during the Principality of Transylvania.
List of Chancellors.
Habsburg rule.
The Transylvanian Court Chancellery was established in 1694, according to the "Diploma Leopoldinum", modeled on its Hungarian counterpart. Leopold I also created the Gubernium ("Governorate") which was the main governmental body of Transylvania until the Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867.
During the reign of Joseph II the Hungarian and Transylvanian Court Chancelleries were merged in 1787. The King withdrew his, among others, regulation on his deathbed.

</doc>
<doc id="36807234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807234" title="Baring family">
Baring family

The Baring family is a German and British banking family, descended from Johann (John) Baring (1697–1748), a wool merchant of Bremen. He founded a merchant house in Exeter in 1717. His sons Francis Baring and John Baring moved to London, where they founded the "John and Francis Baring Company", commonly known as Barings Bank, in 1762. Barings Bank become one of the leading London merchant banks. Francis Baring was the father of Sir Thomas Baring, 2nd Baronet, who was the father of Alexander Baring, 1st Baron Ashburton. Sir Francis Baring, 2nd Baronet was also the father of Henry Baring and the grandfather of Edward Baring, 1st Baron Revelstoke and Evelyn Baring, 1st Earl of Cromer.
Arnulf Baring is a member of the branch of the family resident in Germany.
The family's descendants include Diana, Princess of Wales, whose great-grandmother was Margaret Baring, the daughter of Edward Baring, 1st Baron Revelstoke, and through her Prince William, Duke of Cambridge.
Peerages and titles.
The Baring family is one of the most ennobled in the United Kingdom, where several family members were made peers and baronets. The family has held the following peerages:
Additionally, two baronetcies have been created for the family (in 1793 and 1911), the Baring baronets.

</doc>
<doc id="36807284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807284" title="Jamie Bevan">
Jamie Bevan

Jamie Bevan (full name Gareth Jamie Bevan) is a Welsh language campaigner from Merthyr Tydfil, Wales and a prominent member of Cymdeithas yr Iaith Gymraeg. Bevan refused to pay fines and costs to Merthyr Tydfil Magistrate's Court for breaking into Conservative party offices in north Cardiff the day before a visit from David Cameron in a demonstration against cuts to S4C.
Bevan was sentenced to 35 days in prison by Merthyr Tydfil magistrates in 2012. He has said that he is using the case to draw attention to the lack of Welsh language correspondence from the courts.
He had complained three times about a monolingual English correspondence from the courts service but later received a court summons in English only.
Music.
Bevan is also a Welsh folk singer-songwriter, performing solo and with bands "Y Betti Galws" and "Jamie Bevan a’r Gweddillion". He has performed alongside Welsh language folk stalwarts Meic Stevens and Dafydd Iwan and his music has been played on BBC Radio Wales, Radio Cymru and S4C. He has performed live at the National Eisteddfod of Wales and at Welsh language, republican and other political benefit gigs, together with regular appearances at Red Poets events alongside poet Mike Jenkins and others.

</doc>
<doc id="36807285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807285" title="William J. Babcock">
William J. Babcock

William J. Babcock (April 8, 1841 - October 29, 1897) was an American soldier who received the Medal of Honor for valor during the American Civil War.
Biography.
Babcock served in the American Civil War in the 2nd Rhode Island Infantry for the Union Army. He received the Medal of Honor on March 2, 1895 for his actions at the Third Battle of Petersburg.
Medal of Honor citation.
Citation:
Planted the flag upon the parapet while the enemy still occupied the line; was the first of his regiment to enter the works.

</doc>
<doc id="36807289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807289" title="Samca">
Samca

Samca is a character in Romanian legends, a very ugly and scary evil spirit: she most commonly takes the appearance of a naked woman with disheveled hair growing down to her heels, with dried out breasts that touch the ground, with small eyes that shine as brightly as the stars, with iron hands and long nails sharp as knitting needles or hooked as sickles and a tongue of fire.
This demon whose very large, ugly and crooked mouth always spits fire can come out at the end of each month, around full moon, and usually appears to children under the age of four, who are so frightened that they become sick immediately. This demon can also appear to women lying on their birth bed, and once visible she would touch the pregnant women as if kneading on them, scaring them so much that they either die instantly or remain crippled for life.
Samca can take different forms: a very large and fierce pig, a grinning dog showing awful teeth, a hairless cat with fiery, bulging eyes, a crow with bloody eyes and as a big black spider. The disease with which the children are touched children after Samca appears to them is called "the childrens' malice".
Samca has 19 names: Vestitia, Navadaraia, Valnomia, Sina, Nicosda, Avezuha, Scorcoila, Tiha, Miha, Grompa, Slalo, Necauza, Hatavu, Hulila, Huva, Ghiana, Gluviana, Prava and Samca. To defend against Samca, people need to write all her 19 names on a wall of the house or have to convince someone else to write a protective spell, which they would afterwards carry on them. When attacked, this spell will make Samca harm the writer of the protective spell instead, with the exception that, if the writer of the spell was a person of age, Samca would not hurt them, making them just grit their teeth in their sleep.

</doc>
<doc id="36807293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807293" title="Modestus Fernando">
Modestus Fernando

Modestus Fernando SLSR is a retired Lieutenant Colonel of the Sri Lankan Army. He holds a Masters degree in Human Rights from the University of Colombo. Having been trained in the Defense Academies of Sri Lanka and Pakistan, he served as Platoon Commander, Company Commander, Detachment Commander and Commander of the 4th Battalion of the Sri Lanka Sinha Regiment. He participated in several military operations against the LTTE such as Operation Riviresa and the Vadamarachchi Operation and is the recipient of a number of awards and military decorations including the Desha Putra Sammanaya.
Combat related injuries sustained by him, resulted in a major turning point in his career. In the nineties his assignments were in the area of rehabilitation of fellow disabled soldiers. During this period he served as Commanding Officer, Rehabilitation Center-Ragama, Staff Officer attached to the Military Hospital Army Headquarters and subsequently at the Directorate of Rehabilitation (Sri Lanka Army).
During the period 2000 – 2008, as Course Director/Staff Officer 01 attached to the Directorate of Human Rights, he worked actively for the dissemination of International Humanitarian Law and Human Rights principles and the integration of the same into training modules and operational procedures. 
Following his retirement from active service in 2008, Modestus Fernando was appointed Deputy Commissioner General of Rehabilitation at the Bureau of Rehabilitation which was initially under Ministry of Justice and Law Reforms and thereafter under the Ministry of Rehabilitation and Prisons Reform. His duties during this four-year assignment ending in April 2012, focused mainly on formulating and implementing programs for rehabilitation of LTTE ex-combatants, including child soldiers and their integration into family and society. 
He has participated actively in broadening national advocacy and promotion of disabled peoples’ rights and contributed to sustained dialogue between all stakeholders. He has kept abreast of developments in this respect and shared his experiences in a number of events both in Sri Lanka and abroad.
He has followed an extensive Training Course on Disarmament, Demobilization and Reintegration in Barcelona, Spain (2009). Modestus Fernando has taught undergraduate courses on trends in International Humanitarian Law and Human Rights at the University of Colombo. He has also been a member of the adjunct faculty of the Defense Institute for International Legal Studies (USA) since 2005 serving as an instructor on counter terrorism training programs.

</doc>
<doc id="36807297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807297" title="Thomas Hopfer">
Thomas Hopfer

Thomas Hopfer (born 20 April 1990) is an Austrian professional footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for TSV Hartberg in the Austrian Football First League.

</doc>
<doc id="36807315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807315" title="Elena Zhukova">
Elena Zhukova

Elena Pavlovna Zhukova (; June 5, 1906, Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire — October 31, 1991, Leningrad, USSR) was a Soviet Russian painter, a member of the Leningrad Union of Artists, who lived and worked in Leningrad. Elena Zhukova regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting, most famous for her landscape paintings. Known her portraits of various periods which were painted by such known Russian artists as Kuzma Petrov-Vodkin (1930s), Yaroslav Nikolaev (1945), Mikhail Nesterov (1936).

</doc>
<doc id="36807316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807316" title="Roderich Kreile">
Roderich Kreile

Roderich Kreile (born 1956) is a Lutheran church musician, choir director and university teacher. Since 1997, he has been the director of the Dresdner Kreuzchor at the Kreuzkirche, Dresden, as the 28th Kreuzkantor since the Reformation.
Life and work.
Kreile studied church music and choral conducting in Munich. In 1981, he became a cantor at the Christ Church in Munich. From 1989 to 1996 he taught choral conducting at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater München. He was appointed Kirchenmusikdirektor (Director of Church Music) in 1990. In 1994, he also prepared the choir Philharmonischer Chor München for concerts with the Münchner Philharmoniker. In 2010 he became a member of the Sächsische Akademie der Künste (Saxon Academy of Arts). He has been the vice chairman of the Neue Bachgesellschaft and an advisory board member of the International Heinrich Schütz Society.
Since 1997, Kreile has been the 28th Kreuzkantor since the Reformation. Leading the Dresdner Kreuzchor with its history of more than 700 years is regarded as one of the most prestigious positions the Protestant church in Germany has to offer ("eines der ehrenvollsten Ämter der evangelischen Kirchenmusik"). He has a contract until 2022. With him, the Dresdner Kreuzchor has appeared extensively at home and abroad. Tours have taken the choir through Germany, other European countries, to the United States, South America, South Korea and Japan. It is one of few boys' choirs serving as ambassadors of Saxony abroad. He has conducted premieres of choral music.
Selected recordings.
Kreile has recorded with the Dresdner Kreuzchor music written for Dresden, such as cantatas for Pentecost and a St John Passion which his predecessor the 15th Kreuzkantor Gottfried August Homilius composed for the Frauenkirche in Dresden.
Awards.
In 2005 the Dresdner Kreuzchor was awarded the Brahms-Preis (Brahms Prize). On 2 June 2012 Kreile was awarded the Sächsische Verfassungsmedaille by the president of the Saxon Landtag Matthias Rößler for "sein beeindruckendes künstlerisches Schaffen, das stets mit hohem persönlichen Einsatz und großem Erfolg verbunden ist" (his impressive artistic work, which is always associated with a high personal commitment and great success).

</doc>
<doc id="36807322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807322" title="Guamanian status referendum, January 1982">
Guamanian status referendum, January 1982

A referendum on the territory's status was held in Guam on 30 January 1982. Although the option of becoming a US commonwealth received the most votes, it did not achieve a majority. As a result, a second referendum was held in September with only two options.

</doc>
<doc id="36807328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807328" title="Pegdinetanib">
Pegdinetanib

Pegdinetanib (USAN; planned trade name Angiocept) is an investigational anti-cancer drug that acts as a selective antagonist of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR-2), hindering vascularization of tumors. It is a genetically engineered peptide derivative based on the monobody technology, and is being developed by Adnexus.
The drug has entered Phase II clinical trials investigating the treatment of glioblastoma in October 2007. , it is also in Phase II trials for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer and colorectal cancer.
Chemical structure.
Pegdinetanib is a peptide consisting of 94 amino acids, with cysteine number 93 carrying a doubly methoxy-PEGylated maleimide derivative with a molecular mass of 40 kDa.

</doc>
<doc id="36807339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807339" title="Carate">
Carate

Carate may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36807340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807340" title="George L. Banks">
George L. Banks

George Lovell Banks (October 13, 1839 - August 20, 1924) was an American soldier who received the Medal of Honor for valor during the American Civil War.
Biography.
Banks joined the 15th Indiana Infantry Regiment in June 1861, and mustered out three years later. He received the Medal of Honor on February 18, 1891 for his actions at the Battle of Missionary Ridge. 
Medal of Honor citation.
Citation:
As color bearer, led his regiment in the assault, and, though wounded, carried the nag forward to the enemy's works, where he was again wounded. In a brigade of 8 regiments this flag was the first planted on the parapet.

</doc>
<doc id="36807341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807341" title="Saynakhonevieng Phommapanya">
Saynakhonevieng Phommapanya

Saynakhonevieng Phommapanya (born 28 October 1987 in Vientiane) is a Laotian football player, he is playing for Yotha in Lao League. He is a member of Laos national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36807353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807353" title="Sourasay Keosouvandeng">
Sourasay Keosouvandeng

Sourasay Keosouvandeng (born 20 February 1992 in Vientiane) is a Laotian football player who currently plays for Yotha in the Lao League. He is also a member of the Laos national football team where he made his debut for them on February 16, 2011 in a 1-1 draw against Chinese Taipei in a 2012 AFC Challenge Cup qualification game.

</doc>
<doc id="36807366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807366" title="Sengphachan Bounthisanh">
Sengphachan Bounthisanh

Sengphachan Bounthisanh (born 1 June 1987 in Vientiane) is a Laotian footballer playing for Vientiane in Lao League. He is a member of Laos national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36807374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807374" title="New Orleans Item-Tribune">
New Orleans Item-Tribune

The New Orleans Item-Tribune, sometimes rendered in press accounts as the New Orleans Item and Tribune, was an American newspaper published in New Orleans, Louisiana, through 1958.
The paper, referred to in 1941 as "the south's oldest afternoon daily paper", was a consolidation of "The New Orleans Item", founded in 1875, and the company's 1924 morning-paper spinoff, the "Morning Tribune". The papers were published together on Sundays as the "Item-Tribune", beginning December 21, 1924. It expanded its name to become the "Sunday Item-Tribune" on February 10, 1935.
In 1936, the two papers' broadsheet format was changed to tabloid-sized, and on January 13, 1941, the papers were combined to form the daily and Sunday "Item-Tribune". The term was already in use before this, with "Time" magazine, for example, referring to the two papers in this combined form in 1926. The "Tribune" ceased publication on January 11, 1941, though the "Sunday Item-Tribune" did not change its name. 
On June 27, 1941, the newspaper's longtime publisher and president, Colonel James M. Thomson, announced the paper's sale to Ralph Nicholson, vice president, treasurer and general manager of the "Tampa Times", with Thomson to serve as president of the Item Co., Inc., the newly formed entity that purchased the paper.
The paper, which is preserved by the National Endowment for the Humanities and The Library of Congress from its June 11, 1902, issue through its last, September 14, 1958, was published daily until dropping the Saturday edition beginning December 17, 1950.
Comic-book artist Jack Sparling worked briefly as a gag cartoonist for the paper circa the late 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="36807376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807376" title="Guamanian status referendum, September 1982">
Guamanian status referendum, September 1982

A referendum on the territory's status was held in Guam on 4 September 1982. It was held after a referendum in January had resulted in none of the options presented to voters receiving a majority in favour. This time only two options, becoming a US commonwealth or a US state, were offered to voters, with 73% voting in favour of the former. However, the territory has still not achieved commonwealth status.

</doc>
<doc id="36807397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807397" title="Albert Ahrens">
Albert Ahrens

Albert Ahrens (25 May 1917 – 10 March 1982) was a highly decorated Leutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="36807415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807415" title="Laos FC">
Laos FC

Laos Football Club is a football club based in the Philippines. It is currently playing in the United Football League Division 2, the second-division of the premier league in Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="36807437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807437" title="Julian Dobbs">
Julian Dobbs

Julian Dobbs (born 1968) is a New Zealand-born American Anglican bishop. He serves as a bishop for the Missionary Diocese of CANA East, a dual jurisdiction of the Church of Nigeria and the Anglican Church in North America (ACNA). Dobbs' ministry as a bishop includes overseeing congregations and clergy and teaching on Christian-Muslim relations. He became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 7 February 2014.
Early career.
Dobbs was born and raised in New Zealand, where he married his wife, Brenda, and had three children. In 1991, he was ordained in the Anglican Church in New Zealand. He has an L.Th., Th.M. and a D. D. He planted three congregations, led the fastest-growing congregation in New Zealand and hosted a weekly hour-long television show in Nelson.
In 2004, Dobbs became executive director at the Barnabas Fund, promoting awareness of the persecution of Christians around the world, particularly in Laos, Malaysia, Syria, Egypt and North Korea. In the aftermath of the Indian Ocean tsunami, Dobbs' relief work in Aceh, Indonesia was recognised by the New Zealand government with the New Zealand Special Service Medal. In 2006, Dobbs and his family relocated to the Washington, D.C. area where he continued to work at the Barnabas Fund.
CANA.
In 2008, Dobbs was appointed archdeacon and canon missioner in the Convocation of Anglicans in North America, where he contributed to clergy development, worked to help North American Anglicans understand and the challenges posed by the rise of Islam in Africa, and develop a West African-American clergy and lay mission partnership. To continue this work, he was elected a bishop by CANA and the Church of Nigeria in spring of 2011, and consecrated by Nicholas Okoh in Lagos on September 25, 2011.
Dobbs has been active in opposing and publicizing the Boko Haram attacks on Christians in northern Nigeria and calling for international prayer and action. In August 2012, Okoh visited Washington, D.C., and through Dobbs' connections met with policymakers and officials to promote action against the Muslim militants in the north. He serves on ACNA's task force on Christian-Muslim relations.
On May 7, 2013 in Wayne PA, Julian Dobbs became the first bishop of the newly formed Missionary Diocese of CANA East. CANA East which includes almost 30 parishes and over 60 clergy, is one of the four newly formed diocese formed out of The Convocation of Anglicans in North America.
Dobbs attended the GAFCON 2 meeting in Nairobi Kenya in 2013 and serves as a member of the International Board of Barnabas Fund, an organisation that supports suffering Christians.
In 2013 Dobbs wrote and open letter to the President of the United States calling for urgent intervention for persecuted Christians in Syria.
In January 2014 the Rt. Rev. Julian Dobbs was appointed as the Missionary Bishop of CANA by the Most Rev. Nicholas D. Okoh, Primate of all Nigeria. Bishop Dobbs will remain in
his current role as Bishop of the CANA East Diocese while taking on the additional responsibilities of providing oversight and leadership to CANA’s overall ministry. Read the media release here.
Dobbs wrote his fist Pastoral Letter to CANA on January 24, 2014 it can be read here.

</doc>
<doc id="36807441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807441" title="Rosemary Squire">
Rosemary Squire

Rosemary Squire OBE (born 27 May 1956) is a prolific and broad-based commercial theatre producer. She is a Founder, Co-Owner and Joint Chief Executive of The Ambassador Theatre Group Ltd (ATG), whose subsidiary companies include Sonia Friedman Productions (SFP) and First Family Entertainment (FFE). Squire's responsibilities include the company's core business and new projects team. In 2010, 2011, 2012 2013 & 2014 together with her husband and business partner Sir Howard Panter, Squire was named Most Powerful Person in British Theatre by the Stage Newspaper in their annual "Stage 100 list". In February 2013 she was assessed as the 16th most powerful woman in the United Kingdom by Woman's Hour on BBC Radio 4.
Life and career.
Early years.
Rosemary Squire arrived in theatreland in 1980 after an education that took her from Nottingham Girls' High School to Southampton University and on to an Ivy League college in America and even studies in Barcelona.
Productions.
Note: Produced by Rosemary Squire unless otherwise noted
Honours and awards.
In April 2013, ATG is ranked at no. 6 on The Sunday Times PwC Profit Track 100 list, published today in the Business section of The Sunday Times. The 100 firms are ranked by their profit growth over a three-year period.
Personal life.
Childhood.
Born in Nottingham, England. Educated at Nottingham Girls' High School followed by Southampton University and then Brown University, USA.
Marriage and family.
Squire married Alan Brodie in 1982. They had two children, Jenny (born 1986) and Daniel (born 1987). Their marriage was dissolved in 1994. Squire is married to her business partner Howard Panter. The couple first met in 1979 at the Queen's Theatre, London where Squire was working in the box office during Panter's production of "And a Nightingale Sang". They married in 1994. They had their first child Kate in 2002. Panter is also step-father to Squire's other children, Jenny and Daniel.

</doc>
<doc id="36807448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807448" title="Pápa Air Base">
Pápa Air Base

Pápa Air Base is a military airbase located near Pápa, Hungary.
The building of the airport started in 1936. 
During the Second World War several German and Hungarian units used the Air Base. After the Second World War a Russian fighter regiment was stationed in Pápa. The Soviet Union’s Air Force used the base from 1945 until 1961.
In 1962 and 1984 the runway was renovated. Following the reorganization of the Hungarian Air Force Pápa Air Base was established on 1 July 2001. After that Pápa Air Base has been designed as a NATO reserve Base. 
It was officially activated on 27 July 2009 as part of the multinational Strategic Airlift Capability consortium.

</doc>
<doc id="36807450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807450" title="Souksadakone Liapvisay">
Souksadakone Liapvisay

Souksadakone Liapvisay (born 15 January 1993 in Vientiane) is a Laotian football player, he is playing for Yotha in Lao League. He is a member of Laos national football team.
1.70

</doc>
<doc id="36807456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807456" title="Chintana Souksavath">
Chintana Souksavath

Chintana Souksavath (born 20 July 1990 in Vientiane) is a Laotian football player. He is a member of Laos national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36807462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807462" title="Keoviengphet Liththideth">
Keoviengphet Liththideth

Keoviengphet Liththideth (born 30 November 1992) is a Laotian football player who plays for Ezra in Lao League. He is a member of Laos national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36807465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807465" title="Wildest Dreams (Brandy Norwood song)">
Wildest Dreams (Brandy Norwood song)

"Wildest Dreams" is a song recorded by American recording artist Brandy Norwood for her sixth studio album, "Two Eleven" (2012). It was written by Sean Garrett, Justin Henderson and Christoper Whitacre, with production helmed by Henderson and Whitacre under their production moniker Tha Bizness. "Wildest Dreams" is a mid-tempo R&B ballad which was inspired by R&B music from the 1990s and has lyrics which speak about the disbelief for finding love again. It was inspired by Norwood finding love with music executive Ryan Press. Garrett, who wrote nine songs for "Two Eleven", noticed the Norwood and Press's connection and adapted the lyrics for "Wildest Dreams".
The song was released for digital download on August 28, 2012, serving as the second single from the album. It managed to peak at number 68 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart but failed to enter the "Billboard" Hot 100 and reached the top twenty of the South Korean Gaon Chart. An accompanying music video for "Wildest Dreams", directed by American photographer Matthew Rolston, was filmed in Los Angeles, California in October 2012 and released to a positive reception by reviewers the following month.
Background and release.
In early 2009 songwriter Amanda Ghost was appointed president of Norwood's record label Epic Records. and after much restructuring Norwood's future with the label seemed uncertain. An interview with producer Tricky Stewart in November 2011 would reveal that Norwood's contract had been terminated with Epic Records and much of the material she had recorded for sixth album "Two Eleven" would remain at Epic, some of which was assigned to other artists. Norwood's joint record deal with RCA and producer Breyon Prescott's Chameleon Records was finalized in late 2010, however, it was not announced to the public until August 2011, when it was also confirmed that Norwood's sixth studio album will be released in 2012. After Norwood was signed in late 2010, professional recording and submissions for the album began.
One of nine songs that Sean Garrett wrote or co-wrote for the album, "Wildest Dreams" was confirmed to be the album's second single on August 20, 2012 during an album listening party at Germano Studios, New York City. Previously Norwood had advocated for a song called "Without You" to be the second single while the label had initially wanted "Sick" to be the second single. The song made its world premiere on August 21, 2012. It was released for digital download from August 28, 2012.
Music and lyrics.
"Wildest Dreams" is a mid-tempo R&B song written by Sean Garrett, Justin Henderson and Christoper Whitacre, with production helmed by the latter two under the production company moniker Tha Bizness. Described by Norwood as a "90s 2012 record", "Wildest Dream" contains strong themes about love. Speaking on the song's content Norwood said, "It's about love. It's about falling in love with someone and it's almost like it's too good to be true. It's a mid-tempo." The song focuses on falling in love and it feeling better than one could have imagined. MTV "Buzzworthy" described the song as a throwback to "classic R&B" with a "laidback" tone. Steven J. Horrowitz from "Rolling Stone" described the base of the song was described as "thawacking percussion" and melodic production.
The title of the song is built around the recurring lines: "And now I’m receiving abundance of love/ And I get it/ But never could imagine it/ Never in my wildest dreams, no, no, no/ Did I think someone could care about me, oh/ Not just the way you love me". A introspective ballad, "Wildest Dreams" includes the lyrics "Never in my wildest dreams did I think someone could care 'bout me/ Not just the way you love me, but you know I'm emotional (sometimes)." During the course of the song, Norwood mentions herself several times, with lines like "It's hard to hold back tears whenever you hold me close, I think about the years and been saying this is all I want, Just wanted someone real to love me for me, me, just Brandy." MTV "Buzzworthy" compared the songs to Norwood's previous singles "Full Moon" (2002) and "Right Here (Departed)" (2008). Norwood said that the song was inspired by her newfound love with music executive Ryan Press.
Critical reception.
The song received critical acclaim. Mark Edward Nero from About.com called the song "one of the album's highlights". He felt that it "manages to be both strong and vulnerable at the same time, something that could also be said about the album as a whole." Andrew Chan, writing for Slant Magazine, found that "kicking off with a hard-knocking throwback beat, the opening seconds pit two familiar Brandys against each other—an ethereal flurry of stacked harmonies against a robotic delivery reminiscent of her style on 2002's futuristic-sounding "Full Moon"." He felt it were the verses "that bring the surprise: a raw, almost abrasive rasp in her tone, complemented by a needle-on-vinyl crackle looped in the background." Jenna Hally Rubenstein from "MTV News" "Buzzworthy" blog was impressed with "Wildest Dreams", praising Norwood's "lush vocals", the song's melodic production and the strong sentiments of love in the lyrics. "Billboard"s Andrew Hampp declared "Wildest Dreams" "arguably its strongest moment" on the album, and wrote: " is a return to the beat-driven ballads upon which Brandy built her name in the 90s, with warm layers of piano and even jazz flute that recall 1995's "Best Friend." Allmusic, "Rap-Up" and "USA Today" ranked the song among their favorite tracks on the album.
Music video.
Background.
The music video for "Wildest Dreams" was directed by American photographer Matthew Rolston, marking his third collaboration with Norwood following their work on the videos for her singles "Best Friend" (1995) and "Afrodisiac" (2004). As confirmed by Norwood via Twitter, the clip was filmed in Los Angeles, California on October 11, 2012, featuring choreography by Frank Gatson Jr. A 30-second preview of the music video was shown on BET's "106 & Park" on October 16, 2012. The full video premiered on November 2, 2012 on the music video countdown format. Since the premiere the video has reached the top spot on the countdown, which is the second of her videos to do so this year.
A stylized performance video, "Wildest Dreams" features Norwood performing the song onstage in front of cheering fans inside a warehouse, flanked by three back-up singers. Intercut with black-and-white solo shots, Norwood wears skimp blue-jean shorts with red boots in the visuals.
Reception.
The video garnered a generally positive reception by reviewers. Keenan Higgins from "Vibe" magazine wrote that the clip felt like a celebration of the success of the "Two Eleven" album and commented "it's definitely great to see Brandy back at it, and killing it like it's 1998 all over again." Melinda Newman, writing for "HitFix", found that Norwood was bringing it "old school with the new video." Though she questioned why "there’s no room in the video for anything other than Brandy’s legs", she declared it as "sexy without ever crossing a line." Sam Lansky of "Idolator" remarked that Norwood was "keeping it simple in the video," and complimented "how effectively Brandy works out that choreography: Wearing high-waisted shorts and looking like she’s about 80% legs, Brandy shows she can still pop with the best of ‘em. It’s clean and elegant. Even with crazy competition, Brandy still does R&B better than the rest." "Juicy" magazine writer Shirea L. Carroll stated the clip was "filled with Beyoncé-esque choreography," which was proving that Norwood "knows how to make 90s R&B current." Blogging website Perezhilton.com called the video "dandy and will make you do the opposite facial expression of the frowny."
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Two Eleven".
Charts.
The song debuted on the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip Hop Songs chart at number 93 during the week of September 21, 2012. It peaked at number 68 during the week of October 13, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36807467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807467" title="Phatthana Syvilay">
Phatthana Syvilay

Phatthana Syvilay (born 4 October 1990) is a Laotian football player who plays for Yotha in Lao League. He is a member of Laos national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36807469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807469" title="Adolfo Mexiac">
Adolfo Mexiac

Adolfo Mexiac (b. August 7, 1927 Coto de la Esperanza, Michoacán) is a Mexican graphic artist who is known principally for is politically and socially themed work, especially with the Taller de Gráfica Popular and with fellow graphic artist Leopoldo Méndez. He also painted several murals, the most important of which deals with the history of human law at the University of Colima. In 2011, a “national homage” was held for the artist at the Museo de la Estampa in Mexico City.
Life.
Adolfo Mexiac was born on August 7, 1927 in Coto de la Esperanza, Michoacán. He began to study painting at the Escuela Popular de Bellas Artes in Morelia. Later he moved to Mexico City to study at the Escuela Nacional de Artes Plásticas. He also studied at the Escuela Nacional de Pintura, Escultura y Grabado "La Esmeralda", with one of his teachers there being José Chávez Morado.
He learned engraving studying for three years at the Escuela de Artes del Libro located in Colonia Roma, learning various techniques, especially wood engraving, using a jigsaw method to piece the image together which allowed the introduction of various colors, some of the first work of its kind.
At age seventeen he changed his last name from Mejía to Mexiac.
His artistic and personal career was tied to the promotion of leftist causes. He said that fellow political graphic artist Leopoldo Méndez treated him like a son.
Career.
He is considered to be one of the main graphic artists in Mexico.
At the beginning of the 1950s he was studying under Pablo O'Higgins and Ignacio Aguirre and occasionally helped them with mural work. When O'Higgins saw some of Mexiac’s drawings, he invited him to the Taller de la Gráfica Popular. There he saw the work they were doing and became involved in lithography and drawing for the organization. He remained for ten years working with Leopoldo Méndez, Pablo O'Higgins and Luis Arenal . Themes of his graphic work were mostly political and social, such as support to striking miners and opposition to imperialism. One famous engraving is called Libertad de expresión (Freedom of Expression) which deals with the coup d’etat and fall of the Jacobo Árbenz government in Guatemala in 1954. The print caused a commotion in Mexico, showing an indigenous person with his mouth covered in chains and a padlock saying “USA.” Referring to this work, he has stated that Mexican artists have never had complete freedom of expression.
He is also a member of the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana.
In 1953, Alberto Beltrán invited him to join the Instituto Nacional Indigenista in Chiapas. There he worked on visual aids for communities in the highlands area of that state. After Chiapas he became a professor at the Escuela de Artes Plásticas where he taught for twenty six years. In the 1960s, he worked with photographers Mariana Yampolsky and Manuel Álvarez Bravo as well as with Leopoldo Méndez at the Fondo Editorial de la Plástica. 
During his career, he had about eighty individual exhibitions of his work, in Mexico and abroad in countries such as Chile, Belgium, Japan and Italy. In 2010 he had an exhibition called Una reflexión sobre el Bicentenario in honor of the 200th anniversary of Mexico’s independence at the Alfredo Guati Rojo National Watercolor Museum .
Mexiac painted several murals with is most important one in Colima. This mural, "El hombre y la mujer en armonía con su universo" located at the University of Colima, was created as a stone mosaic in 2002 with marble, tezontle and other volcanic rock and cement. The theme of the work is the history of law in humanity. Other murals include "La ayuda del hombre por el hombre at" the Instituto Nacional Indigenista in Mexico City, "Formación del Estado Mexicano" at the Centro de Estudio para la Reforma del Estado and "Los constitucionales de México" at the Palacio Legislativo in Mexico City. The last work was accidentally destroyed than redone by Mexiac in 1992.
Recognitions of his work include the Casa de las Américas Prize from Cuba in 1964, a 2010 documentary film about the artist by Othón Salazar called Libertad de expresión de Adolfo Mexiac and a national homage to the artist in Mexico in 2011. This homage was held at the Museo de la Estampa which included a retrospective of his life’s work. The retrospective traveled to various museums in the country to cities such as Toluca, Puebla, Oaxaca, Monterrey and Saltillo, as well as the Mexic-Arte Museum in Austin, Texas.
Artistry.
Influenced by the work of José Guadalupe Posada, Leopoldo Méndez and José Chávez Morado, he believed in art, especially printmaking, with a social context, stating "if we want to make revolutionary art, we must have printmaking, that noble means of artistic expression which has always fulfilled its lofty function fo denunciation, of struggle and the encouragement of a largely exploited population."

</doc>
<doc id="36807475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807475" title="Pangnasith Phettikone">
Pangnasith Phettikone

Pangnasith Phettikone (born 24 September 1992) is a Laotian football player. He is a member of Laos national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36807483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807483" title="Khamphoumy Hanvilay">
Khamphoumy Hanvilay

Khamphoumy Hanvilay (born 2 December 1990) is a Laotian football player who plays for Yotha. He is a member of Laos national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36807487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807487" title="Kanya Kounvongsa">
Kanya Kounvongsa

Kanya Kounvongsa (born 28 May 1990 in Vientiane) is a Laotian football player who plays for Vientiane. He is a member of Laos national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36807491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807491" title="Moukda Souksavath">
Moukda Souksavath

Moukda Souksavath (born 14 July 1989) is a Laotian football player who plays for Vientiane. He is a member of Laos national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36807494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807494" title="Bivetopsia">
Bivetopsia

Bivetopsia is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails.
Species.
Species within the genus "Bivetopsia" include:

</doc>
<doc id="36807501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807501" title="Edwin Pope">
Edwin Pope

John Edwin Pope (born April 11, 1928 in Athens, Georgia) is an award-winning American sportswriter who has worked at the "Miami Herald" since 1956. He is one of five sportswriters who have covered every Super Bowl, and has been called "the best writer of sports in America".
Early career.
Edwin Pope's journalistic career began at the early age of eleven, when he began covering small events for his hometown Athens Banner-Herald. By the time he was fifteen he had been promoted to the Sports Editor of the paper, thus making him the youngest person in the country to hold that position. His college years were spent at the University of Georgia, and after graduating he worked briefly with the United Press International, Atlanta Journal and Atlanta Constitution.
Miami Herald.
Pope's success with his 1954 book "Football's Greatest Coaches", allowed him to leave the Atlanta area and move down to Miami, where he accepted a lucrative position at the Miami Herald in 1956. Brought on as a columnist and assistant editor, he was made Sports Editor within the year when the current Editor chose to retire. In his 50 plus years he has covered the growth of Miami as a sports city, from a tourist destination with no professional teams, to a World City with franchises in all four major sports, and major events in golf, tennis, and auto racing.
While he currently is retired from day to day writing at the Herald, he still contributes special columns throughout the year. He also continues to travel to cover Wimbledon and the Super Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="36807505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807505" title="Ketsada Souksavanh">
Ketsada Souksavanh

Ketsada Souksavanh (born 23 November 1992) is a Laotian football player who plays for Nong Khai. He is a member of Laos national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36807514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807514" title="Nicholas d'Oisy, Lord of Avesnes">
Nicholas d'Oisy, Lord of Avesnes

Nicholas d 'Oisy, Lord of Avesnes, nicknamed ("the Handsome") ( – ), was a son of Walter I, Lord of Avesnes and his wife, Ada of Tournai. He was Lord of Avesnes, Leuze and Condé. He built castles in Landrechies and Condé.
Nicholas was married to Matilda de la Roche, the widow of Thierry de Walcourt. She was the daughter of Henry I of la Roche ( – 1126), Count of la Roche and warden of Stavelot and Malmedy and his wife, Matilda of Limburg. Her paternal grandfather was Albert III, Count of Namur; her maternal grandfather was Henry, Duke of Lower Lorraine.
They had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="36807534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807534" title="Tasos Tsokanis">
Tasos Tsokanis

Anastasios "Tasos" Tsokanis (, born 2 May 1991) is a Greek footballer who currently plays as a left-side winger for Superleague side Asteras Tripoli.
Career.
Tsokanis started his career at Iraklis Psachna in 2009 and during his time there, the club won two consecutive promotions in three years, from the Delta Ethniki to the Football League. Until his contract was terminated in 2012, he made a total of 43 appearances and scored 8 goals for the club in the Football League and Football League 2.
In July 2012, he signed a two-year contract with Kerkyra in the Greek Superleague. He made his debut at the league's opening match against Atromitos, coming as a substitute for Anestis Agritis in the 61st minute.

</doc>
<doc id="36807537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807537" title="Rankings of universities in Canada">
Rankings of universities in Canada

Several publications in Canada release annual rankings of Canadian Universities. Most notably, rankings of universities in Canada is published annually by news magazine "Maclean's" under the name Maclean's University Rankings. Other publications include online sources such as The World University Rankings and CollegeSage's annual Canadian University Rankings. The primary aim of the rankings is to inform potential undergraduate applicants about Canadian universities based on a range of criteria, including student body characteristics, classes, faculty, finances, library, and reputation. The rankings are split into three categories: schools that focus on undergraduate studies with few to no graduate programs, schools that have both extensive undergraduate studies and an extensive selection of graduate programs and schools that have a professional medical program and a selection of graduate programs. A notable difference between rankings in the United States and "Maclean's" rankings, however, is that "Maclean's" excludes privately–funded universities.
In 2012, the Higher Education Strategy Associates published a study ranking Canadian Universities based on research strength. The study ranks Canadian Universities in two broad fields: Science and Engineering, and Social Sciences and Humanities.
Maclean's rankings.
The data below is from the 2014 Maclean's University Rankings.
Comprehensive universities 2014.
Comprehensive universities have a signiﬁcant degree of research activity and a wide range of programs at the undergraduate and graduate levels, including professional degrees.
Common law schools.
Maclean's accesses schools in this category by key output measures, such as faculty academic recognition and graduate jobs.
Medical doctoral universities.
Medical Doctoral universities offer a broad range of PhD programs and have medical schools.
Primarily undergraduate universities.
Primarily Undergraduate universities are largely focused on undergraduate education with relatively fewer graduate programs and graduate students.
Criticism.
The University of Calgary produced a formal study examining the ranking methodology, illuminating the factors that determined its rank and criticising certain aspects of the methodology. The University of Alberta, the University of Toronto and University of Manitoba have expressed displeasure over the ranking system.
Beginning in September 2006, over 20 Canadian universities, including several of the most prestigious and largest universities such as the University of Toronto, University of British Columbia, University of Alberta, Concordia University, McMaster University and Dalhousie University, jointly refused to participate. University of Alberta president Indira Samarasekera wrote that "Maclean's" initially filed a "Freedom of Information" request but that it was "too late" for the universities to respond. Samarasekera further stated, "Most of universities had already posted the data online, and we directed "Maclean's" staff to our Web sites. In instances where the magazine staff couldn’t find data on our Web site, they chose to use the previous year's data."
Higher Education Strategy Associates' rankings.
The data below is from the 2012 study ranking Canadian universities based on the research contribution of the average professor at a given university, and was published by the Higher Education Strategy Associates.

</doc>
<doc id="36807544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807544" title="Rugrats Tales from the Crib">
Rugrats Tales from the Crib

Rugrats Tales from the Crib is a series of films based on the TV series "Rugrats". The series consists of two films based on fairy tales: the first is inspired by the story of "Snow White", and was released on VHS and DVD in 2005, and the second is inspired by story of "Jack and the Beanstalk", and was released on DVD in 2006.
"Snow White".
The Rugrats tell the story of "Snow White". Susie plays Snow White; Tommy, Chuckie, Phil, Lil, Kimi, Dil and Spike are the seven dwarfs; and Angelica as the Evil Queen.
"Three Jacks and a Beanstalk".
The Rugrats tell the story of "Jack and the Beanstalk".

</doc>
<doc id="36807555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807555" title="2004 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Doubles">
2004 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Doubles

Jonathan Erlich and Andy Ram were the defending champions and successfully defended their title, defeating Jonas Björkman and Radek Štěpánek 7–6(7–2), 6–2 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36807577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807577" title="Bushley Muzzard, Brimpsfield">
Bushley Muzzard, Brimpsfield

Bushley Muzzard, Brimpsfield () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1984.
The site lies within the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and was formerly called Watercombe Marsh. It is one of a limited number of marshes in the Cotswolds. There is a significant range of species, and a number of plants which are uncommon.
The site (name included of Brimpsfield Bog) is listed in the 'Cotswold District' Local Plan 2001-2011 (on line) as a Key Wildlife Site (KWS).
Species.
Whilst the designation is for the diversity of the species present, particular ones to note are some eight species of Sedge including Star Sedge "(Carex echinata)" and Yellow Sedge "(C. lepidocarpa)". Flat Sedge "(Blysmus compressus)" is recorded as abundant along with Marsh Arrowgrass, Water Mint and Meadowsweet.
Orchid species include the Early Marsh Orchid "(Dactylorhiza incarnata)", and Hybrid Marsh Orchids such as "D. fuchsii x incarnata" and "D. fuchsii x pratermissa".

</doc>
<doc id="36807603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807603" title="Steam to oil ratio">
Steam to oil ratio

The steam to oil ratio is a measure of the water and energy consumption related to oil production in cyclic steam stimulation and steam assisted gravity drainage oil production. The typical values are three to eight and two to five respectively. This means two to eight barrels of water converted into steam is used to produce one barrel of oil.

</doc>
<doc id="36807668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807668" title="John Le Mesurier on stage, radio, screen and record">
John Le Mesurier on stage, radio, screen and record

John Le Mesurier (born John Elton Le Mesurier Halliley; 5 April 191215 November 1983) was an English actor who performed in many mediums of light entertainment, including film, radio and theatre. Le Mesurier's career spanned from 1934 until his death in 1983. He is best remembered for his role as Sergeant Arthur Wilson in the BBC situation comedy "Dad's Army", between 1968 and 1977.
Le Mesurier made his professional stage debut in September 1934 in "Dangerous Corner" at the Palladium Theatre in Edinburgh under his birth name, and appeared on television for the first time four years later as Seigneur de Miolans in the BBC Television broadcast of "The Marvellous History of St Bernard". The broadcast was adapted from a 15th-century manuscript by Henri Ghéon. After wartime service as a captain in the Royal Tank Regiment, Le Mesurier returned to acting and made his radio debut on the BBC Home Service in a March 1947 broadcast of "Escape or Die". He continued working in television roles throughout his career, but it was his portrayal in the BBC television play "Traitor", of a character loosely based on Kim Philby, which earned him the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor in 1972.
In 1948, Le Mesurier worked on his first film, "Death in the Hand", a mystery in which he played the character Jack Mottram. He went on to appear in over 100 films, including "Private's Progress" (1955), "I'm All Right Jack" (1959), "The Punch and Judy Man" (1962), "Carlton-Browne of the F.O." (1959), "The Pink Panther" (1963), "Those Magnificent Men in their Flying Machines" (1965), and "The Italian Job" (1969). He always appeared in supporting roles.
Le Mesurier took a relaxed approach to acting, saying: "I'm a jobbing actor ... as long as they pay me I couldn't care less if my name is billed above or below the title". He was known for playing "an indispensable figure in the gallery of second-rank players which were the glory of the British film industry in its more prolific days". Le Mesurier died in November 1983 from a stomach haemorrhage; his last words before slipping into a coma were: "It's all been rather lovely." "The Guardian" noted that Le Mesurier gave the impression of an "inimitable brand of bewildered persistence under fire which made his own", while Philip Oakes considered that Le Mesurier single-handedly "made more films watchable, even absorbing than anyone else around".
Discography.
Albums
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="36807686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807686" title="Fastball discography">
Fastball discography

The discography of Fastball, an American rock band, consists of five studio albums, one live album, one compilation album and eleven singles.
The band's debut album, "Make Your Mama Proud", was released in April 1996. The album sold about 3,000 copies in its first year of release, failing to chart and putting the band's future in doubt. One single was released from the album, "Are You Ready for the Fallout?". The band's single "The Way" was released in February 1998 as the first single from the band's then-upcoming second studio album. It was a commercial success, peaking at number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 Airplay chart and topping the Canadian Singles Chart. It also managed to chart in several other countries, including Australia, where peaked at number 14 and was certified gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA). The band's second studio album, "All the Pain Money Can Buy", was released the following month. The album peaked at number 29 on the US "Billboard" 200 and at number 18 on the Canadian Albums Chart, fueled by the success of "The Way". It went on to sell over 1,250,000 copies in the United States, earning a platinum certification from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The album's second single, "Fire Escape", peaked at number 86 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and at number 11 on the Canadian Singles Chart. "Out of My Head", the album's third and final single, gave the band its highest-charting song on the Hot 100, where it peaked at number 20.
"The Harsh Light of Day", Fastball's third studio album, was released in September 2000. It peaked at number 97 on the "Billboard" 200 and sold 85,000 copies in the United States. Its lead single, "You're an Ocean", peaked at number 1 on the US "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart. Two more singles were released from the album, "Love Is Expensive and Free" and "This Is Not My Life". A compilation album, "", was released in August 2002. The live album "Live from Jupiter Records" was released in August 2003. The band's fourth studio album, "Keep Your Wig On", was released in June 2004 and spawned three singles: "Airstream", "Drifting Away" and "Lou-ee Lou-ee". "Little White Lies", the band's fifth studio album, was released in April 2009. Its title track was released as the album's first and only single, where it peaked at 26 on the Triple A charts. 
In 2013, they released their first digital only single, "Love Comes In Waves".

</doc>
<doc id="36807688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807688" title="La Licorne">
La Licorne

La Licorne () or Cahiers de La Licorne/Cuadernos de la Licorne was a literary magazine founded by Uruguayan poet Susana Soca, which produced three issues in Paris in Spring 1947, Autumn 1948, and Winter 1948.
A follow-on publication, "Entregas de la licorne", was launched in Montevideo in 1953 under editor Ángel Rama.

</doc>
<doc id="36807692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807692" title="Danai Gurira">
Danai Gurira

Danai Jekesai Gurira (born February 14, 1978) is a Zimbabwean-American actress and playwright. She is best known for her role as Michonne on the AMC drama series "The Walking Dead".
Early life.
Gurira was born in Grinnell, Iowa and was raised there until December 1983, when she moved with her family to Harare, Zimbabwe. She has an older brother who is a chiropractor and two older sisters, while her mother is a university librarian and her father is a chemistry professor at the University of Wisconsin–Platteville. She returned to the United States at age 19 to study at Macalester College. She earned her MFA at New York University.
Career.
In 2006, Gurira won an Obie Award and Outer Critics Circle Award for writing, and a Helen Hayes Award
for Best Lead Actress for off-Broadway play "In the Continuum". She starred in the 2007 film "The Visitor", for which she won Method Fest Film Festival for Best Supporting Actress. She appeared in "Ghost Town", "3 Backyards", "My Soul to Take", and "Restless City". She has guest starred in "", "Life on Mars", and "Law & Order". 
In 2009, Gurira debuted on Broadway in August Wilson's play "Joe Turner's Come and Gone". From 2010 to 2011, she appeared in the HBO drama series "Treme". Gurira's play, "In the Continuum", commemorated World AIDS Day in December 2011. 
In March 2012, it was announced that she would join the cast of AMC's drama series "The Walking Dead" in the third season as Michonne. The same year, she received the Whiting Writers' Award. 
Gurira played a lead role in the independent drama film "Mother of George", which premiered at 2013 Sundance Film Festival. Gurira received critical acclaim for her performance in the movie. In June 2013, Gurira won the Jean-Claude Gahd Dam award at the 2013 Guys Choice Awards.
Personal life.
Gurira is a Christian. In 2008, she appeared at the Global Green Sustainable Design Awards to read a letter written by a New Orleans native displaced by Hurricane Katrina. Gurira co-founded Almasi in 2011, an organization dedicated to continuing arts education in Zimbabwe. 

</doc>
<doc id="36807694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807694" title="J. A. K. Tareen">
J. A. K. Tareen

Jalees Ahmed Khan Tareen, also known as J.A.K. Tareen, was born in Mysore, Karnataka, India in 1947. He currently serves as the vice-chancellor of B. S. Abdur Rahman University, in Chennai, India. He was the recipient of the Padma Shri award 2009 for the Literature & Education given by the Government of India. He is one of the current advisory board member of South Asia Foundation (SAF) from India.
Education.
Tareen has received his master of science (Geology, 1967), and PhD (Experimental Mineralogy, 1977) from Mysore university, India and second PhD from Bordeaux University, France (Solid State Chemistry, 1987). He was also a visiting scientist at Tokyo Institute of Technology-Japan, Bordeaux University-France, Edinburgh University-UK and Mekele University-Ethiopia.
Professional career.
Tareen has served the university of Mysore for 33 years (1967–2000) at department of geology as a lecturer, professor, professor and head, and finally as a director of mineralogical institute. He has published notable research papers and two fundamental crystallography books, namely “A Basic Course in Crystallography” and “Fundamentals of Crystal Chemistry”. 
Later on, in 2001 he has become the vice-chancellor of Kashmir university (2001–2004). Kashmir, India. With his successful guidance within a short span of time, the university has emerged as an ‘A’ grade, given by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC).
Later, he served as CEO of South Asia Foundation and active member of university grants commission (UGC), India. He was involved in preparing the XII plan document on higher education on issues of Quality and increasing Access. The University Grants Commission (UGC) is currently considering the new norms on teacher to student ratio suggested by Tareen and his committee constituted by the commission. 
Then after, he served as the vice-chancellor of Pondicherry University (2007-2013), where the university is developed as a favored destination for teachers and students. In a short span of five years, the university has taken a big leap ahead, with 15 new innovative Master's Programs and 2 Post-Graduate Centers at Andaman & Nicobar Islands and Karaikal. Recently, he has launched twenty-two post graduate Diploma programs and 9 foreign language courses in the evening times for the students to concurrently take them along with the main degree programs. Pondicherry University has emerged as the fastest expanding central University in the country in terms of student strength, faculty strength, infrastructure (the built-in space doubled), laboratory facilities, library, hostel accommodation, sports and student support system and has been accredited as A grade university after a lapse of 20 years of B grade Ranking. Prof Tareen is an acclaimed Institution Builder.
He currently serves as the vice-chancellor of B. S. Abdur Rahman University, in Chennai, India. This university has also been awarded A grade.
Prof TAREEN is the first Vice Chancellor to Head three universities and obtain A grade ranking to all the three.
Awards and Honors.
Professor Tareen is a recipient of several state as well as national awards. Taking into account of his contribution as a scientist and educationalist, Indian government has awarded the Padma Shri to him in 2009. He has also received many other notable awards like National Mineral award, Golden Jubilee Science & Technology award of Mysore University, and Mineralogical Society Gold Medal award.
Other activities.
Tareen is a scientist, artiste and also a writer, who not only has experience in science and technology, but has love for humanities. Tareen has published his memoirs of Kashmir as a book, named the “Fire under the Snowflakes-The return of Kashmir University”. His ideas on education is revealed by his talks and interviews which includes ‘higher education’, ‘education for all’, ‘making Indian universities globally competitive’, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="36807696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807696" title="Börn Loka">
Börn Loka

Börn Loka ("Children of Loki" in Icelandic) is the second full-length album by the Icelandic Viking / folk metal band Skálmöld, released on October 26, 2012 via Napalm Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36807702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807702" title="St Michael's Church, Pennington">
St Michael's Church, Pennington

St Michael's Church, Pennington, is located in the village of Pennington, Cumbria, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Furness, the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness, and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of Holy Trinity, Bardsea, and St Peter, Lindal and Marton. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
History.
The church stands on an ancient site, but the oldest parts of the present church are the nave and the tower that were built in 1826–27. In 1917 the Lancaster architect Henry Paley of Austin and Paley prepared plans for a complete rebuilding of the church, but this was considered to be too expensive. Further plans were made that involved adding a polygonal chancel, removing the ceiling, opening the tower arch, inserting new windows, reseating the church, and carrying out a general restoration of the existing building. This was completed for the church's centenary at a cost of £5,708 (£ as of ). In 1934 the same architect added an organ chamber and a new aisle at a cost of £666.
Architecture.
St Michael's is constructed in stone rubble with ashlar dressings, and has slate roofs. Its plan consists of a four-bay nave, a south porch, an apsidal chancel, a south organ chamber with an aisle, and a west tower. The tower has diagonal buttresses, a two-light west window, straight-headed bell openings, and an embattled parapet. The nave windows have two-lights and straight heads, and contain Decorated tracery. The east window has five lights, and the window in the organ chamber has three lights. Inset into the wall of the inner entrance to the church is a Norman tympanum carved with runes, and the image of Christ and a cross. There are also damaged Norman capitals built into the porch, and fragments of carved stones elsewhere inside the church. The octagonal font is medieval and is tulip-shaped. All the stained glass was made by Powell. The two-manual pipe organ was made by Jardine and Company of Manchester.
External features.
In the churchyard is a sundial listed at Grade II. It is dated 1680 and consists of an octagonal post on a square base with a square cap.
References.
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36807703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807703" title="Pippi in the South Seas (book)">
Pippi in the South Seas (book)

Pippi in the South Seas is a 1948 sequel to Astrid Lindgren's classic children's books, "Pippi Longstocking" and "Pippi Goes on Board". It is set sometime after the events of the original book and centers around Pippi's further misadventures and experiences, and the main protagonist's theory that the reason for her father's mysterious disappearance that he was hailed as king of an island of natives is confirmed as true.
Plot.
In this book, a few of Pippi's newer experiences include her warding off a snobbish, portly tourist who believes Villa Villekulla, her home, to be for sale and dismisses her as ugly and ridiculous; inadvertently mouthing off to a teacher from Tommy and Annika Settergren's school during an examination of pupils; and entertaining Tommy and Annika while they are sick with measles. She also soon receives word from her father, a sea captain who had seemingly vanished earlier, inviting him to a tropical island inhabited by natives over which he now reigns as king. Pippi and her friends sail to her father's island kingdom, where they become acquainted with the natives living there, Pippi being hailed as "Princess Pippilotta."

</doc>
<doc id="36807711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807711" title="Kochki">
Kochki

Kochki () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36807744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807744" title="Ragnhildur Helgadóttir">
Ragnhildur Helgadóttir

Ragnhildur Helgadóttir (also Ragnhild Helgadóttir, born 1930) is an Icelandic politician. She was a member of the Icelandic parliament, the Althing, first from 1956 for the Independence Party. From 1961 to December 1962 she was the First President of the Lower House, and she was president of the parliament several times. From 1983 to 1987 she was a government minister, first of education, then of health, social and communication.
Early life.
Ragnhildur was born 26 May 1930 in Reykjavík, the daughter of Helgi Tómasson, a physician and longtime chairman of the Scouts organisation Bandalag íslenskra skáta.
Career.
She was elected member of the Althing in 1956 as a candidate of the Independence Party. At the time, she was 26 years old, and became the youngest female ever elected to the Althing. 
She served initially until 1963, from 1956 to 1959 as the only female member. She was in 1959 second vice-president of the Althing, from 1959 to 1960 second vice-president of the Lower House, from 1961 to 1962 Speaker of the Lower House of the Althing, from 1962 to 1963 again second vice president.
In 1971 she was again a member of parliament and belonged to the Second Chamber until 1979. She was again Speaker from 1974 to 1978. In 1975 she was appointed president of the Nordic Council.
She was again a member of parliament from 1983 in the Lower House until 1991, when the previous two-chamber system was abolished. In May 1983 she was appointed by Prime Minister Steingrímur Hermannsson as Minister of Education in his government. From 1985 until July 1987, she was Minister of Health, Social Affairs and Communication.

</doc>
<doc id="36807748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807748" title="Janeth Jepkosgei Shoe4Africa School">
Janeth Jepkosgei Shoe4Africa School

The Janeth Jepkosgei Shoe4Africa School was officially opened on December 23, 2011 (see newscast on Kenyan National Television LINK). The school was formally registered with the Nandi District Office in Kapsabet and replaces an old school, built on neighboring land, named as Kapsumbeiyo Primary School.
The school was funded by Shoe4Africa to honor the world track and field 800m champion, and Olympic Silver medallist, Janeth Jepkosgei who had attended the former school in the 1990s. The school is a public primary, with eight classes from standard one to eight, thus was given to the community and the Kenyan Government as a gift from Shoe4Africa. The school is now run by an eight-person school management committee that is chaired by a former head teacher of the now defunct Kapsumbeiyo school.
Within days of opening, on January 3, 2012, the school had grown by 20% to 288 pupils (141 girls, 147 boys).

</doc>
<doc id="36807750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807750" title="Sealand">
Sealand

Sealand may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36807755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807755" title="Steve Rapp">
Steve Rapp

Steve Rapp (born November 18, 1971 in Lafayette, California) is an American motorcyclist who turned professional in 1996. He currently competes in the AMA Pro Daytona Sportbike and the AMA Pro XR1200 series.

</doc>
<doc id="36807758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807758" title="Georgian referendum, 2008">
Georgian referendum, 2008

A double referendum was held in Georgia on 5 January 2008 alongside presidential elections. One question was a binding referendum on whether to bring forward the 2008 parliamentary elections from October to April/May. The second was a non-binding advisory referendum on joining NATO. Both proposals were approved with over 75% in favour. Parliamentary elections were subsequently held on 21 May.

</doc>
<doc id="36807773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807773" title="Andy Smith (hurler)">
Andy Smith (hurler)

Andrew "Andy" Smith (born 8 July 1983) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a midfielder for the Galway senior team. 
Smith made his first appearance for the team during the 2005 championship and became a regular member of the starting fifteen over subsequent seasons. Since then he has won one Leinster winners' medal and one National Hurling League winners' medal.
At club level Smith is a three-time All-Ireland medalist with Portumna. In addition to this he has also won three Connacht medals and five county club championship medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36807794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807794" title="Isaac B. Desha">
Isaac B. Desha

Isaac Bledsoe Desha (January 1, 1802 – August 13, 1828) was a 19th-century American tanner who was convicted of murdering one man in Kentucky, and confessed to murdering another in Texas. He was notable as the son of the Kentucky Governor, Joseph Desha. Shortly after his father's election as governor in 1824, Desha was accused of robbing and killing a man named Francis Baker, who was passing through Kentucky. Circumstantial evidence implicated Desha, who denied the crime.
Given the heated political environment of the Old Court-New Court controversy, allies of his father claimed that the governor's political enemies had framed his son. The governor's legislative allies passed legislation providing for a favorable change of venue for the trial, and the governor used his appointment power to ensure that sympathetic judges would hear the case. Isaac Desha was twice convicted, but both times, the judge in the case set aside the verdict on procedural grounds. While awaiting a third trial, Desha attempted suicide by slitting his throat, but doctors saved his life, reconnecting his severed windpipe with a silver tube. Shortly after the suicide attempt, Governor Desha issued a pardon for his son.
Isaac Desha left Kentucky and assumed an alias. He went to New Orleans. From there, he traveled with a man named Thomas Early to San Antonio, Texas. When Early went missing during their travels, Desha fell under suspicion. A former Kentuckian living in Texas recognized Desha. Arrested soon after Early's body was found, Desha confessed to the murder after being recognized by a second man from Kentucky. A day before his trial was to start, Desha died of a fever. A legend soon arose that he had faked his death and fled to Hawaii, where he married a native woman and fathered several children. Later historians have debunked that myth.
Early life and education.
Isaac Bledsoe Desha was born January 1, 1802; he was one of thirteen children of Margaret (Bledsoe) and Joseph Desha. He was named for his maternal grandfather. Educated mostly in the local (Maysville, Kentucky) schools, for a time Isaac attended a school run by Mr. Bailey and boarded with Bailey's father. In October 1817, he was apprenticed to Archibald Logan, a tanner. He lived and studied with Logan until May 1821.
Marriage and family.
In November 1823, the young man married Cornelia Pickett. Desha's sister Ellen had previously married Pickett's brother James.
Political environment.
Desha's father Joseph was elected as governor of Kentucky in August 1824. The primary issue in the campaign was relief for the state's large debtor class, still reeling from the Panic of 1819. The state's voters split between those supporting laws favorable to debtors – called the Relief Party – and those supporting laws that protected creditors – called the Anti-Relief Party. Shortly before Desha's election, the Kentucky Court of Appeals had struck down some legislation as unconstitutional that had been passed by the Relief Party, then a majority in the Assembly.
After Desha was elected, Relief legislators, who held majorities in both houses of the General Assembly, attempted to remove the offending judges from office. Failing to achieve the needed two-thirds majority, the legislature passed a reorganization act abolishing the Court of Appeals and replacing it with a new court. Desha appointed justices favoring relief. The original court continued to claim authority as the court of last resort in the state; during what became known as the Old Court-New Court controversy, both courts operated simultaneously, with both claiming legitimacy. It was a politically tumultuous time.
Murder of Francis Baker.
On the night of November 1, 1824, Desha attended a celebration at a neighbor's house. He later stayed the night at Doggate's Tavern in Fairview, just over the county line in Fleming County. The next morning, he ate breakfast at the tavern, joined by eight other men, including Francis Baker. Editor of the "Mississippian" newspaper in Natchez, Baker was returning to his hometown of Trenton, New Jersey to marry a young woman there. Over breakfast, Baker mentioned wanting to visit a friend, Captain John Bickley, who lived in the area. Desha remarked that he knew where Bickley lived and, intending to ride in that direction, asked if Baker wanted to join him. Baker accepted, and the two men left about 8 a.m. toward Maysville. Desha rode his bay mare and Baker his gray mare, a fine horse that had already attracted much attention during his travel through Kentucky.
About 10 a.m., one of Desha's neighbors encountered the riderless gray mare, still rigged with saddle and bridle. Catching the horse, he rode it up the road, shortly finding Desha's riderless bay (which he recognized), with a saddle but no bridle. He noticed blood on the neck and withers of Desha's horse. Further along, the neighbor encountered Desha on foot, carrying two saddlebags. Desha said that he had just accepted the gray mare as payment from a man who owed him money. He did not volunteer how the two horses had escaped his control, but mounted the gray mare and returned home. Later that day, friends at Desha's tannery noticed that he was unusually quiet and repeatedly asked what was wrong. He said that he had been kicked by a horse and severely cut his finger in separate incidents the previous day.
His unusual behavior continued to the point that Desha's pregnant wife Cornelia moved out of the house and refused to return. She later gave birth to their daughter and only child, who she named after her mother. She never returned to Desha.
Over the next few days, neighbors began to discover items along the route Desha and Baker had taken from Doggate's Tavern to Maysville. These included a bloody glove, a pair of saddlebags with the bottoms cut out, and Desha's missing horse bridle. On November 8, three men discovered a man's body – its upper half covered by a log – about off the road on the Fleming County side. The men did not move the body, but reported it to local authorities, who returned to recover it. The victim had four or five bludgeon wounds to the head, stab wounds in the chest and shoulder, and his throat had been slit, severing his windpipe. The man wore a shirt, waistcoat, socks, and a single glove; a search of the area yielded pantaloons and a coat. Authorities brought the body to town, where Captain John Bickley (whom Baker had been riding to visit) identified it as Francis Baker.
Investigators examined the body for several days before burying it on November 11 in a local church cemetery. Returning to search the area again, authorities found several changes of clothes and other accoutrements, all with marks identifying the owner cut out. Also located were several pieces of paper – one with the name "Baker" written on it – a hat, a pocketbook similar to the one Desha was known to carry, and lead and a cap from a riding whip, which Desha was also known to use.
Arrest and trials.
With evidence strongly pointing to Desha as the murderer, General William Reed summoned Desha to his house on November 9 and ordered him to remain until an examining trial could be held. Desha complied, showed no emotion when viewing Baker's body, and did not attempt to flee although left unguarded in the house. The examining trial resulted in Desha's formal arrest, and he was imprisoned in Flemingsburg, Kentucky. Relief Party partisans said that Desha was innocent and his arrest was fabricated by the Anti-Relief Party to embarrass his father Governor Desha and weaken him politically.
On November 24, State Representative John Rowan – a Relief partisan – introduced legislation in the Kentucky General Assembly ordering the Fleming Circuit Court to convene a special session in December for Desha's trial; it provided that, at the trial, Desha would be given the option of a change of venue from Fleming County, where he lived and the murder was committed, to Harrison County, where his father lived. Governor Desha appeared before the committee reviewing the bill to advocate its passage. The bill was reported favorably by the committee, passed by both houses of the General Assembly, and signed by the governor on December 4, 1824. On December 20, 1824, the Fleming Circuit Court returned an indictment against Desha for the murder of Francis Baker. At that time, Desha requested the change of venue.
Judge John Trimble, the circuit court judge in Harrison County who would have presided over the case, was appointed before the trial by Governor Desha to a seat on the "New" Court of Appeals authorized by the Assembly. Trimble personally selected Judge George Shannon of Lexington to preside in his stead.
Desha's trial began January 17, 1825, in Cynthiana. William K. Wall, Commonwealth's Attorney for Harrison County, was the prosecutor, assisted by Fleming County Commonwealth's Attorney (and future Congressman) John Chambers and Martin P. Marshall. Rowan, who had just been elected to the U.S. Senate, was Desha's primary defense counsel, assisted by the governor's Secretary of State (and later U.S. Senator) William T. Barry, former Congressman William Brown, T. P. Taul, and James Crawford. It took two days to empanel a jury. Witness testimony consumed the next week, and Governor Desha attended each day of the trial. The closing statements of Rowan and Barry, both known as outstanding orators, took several days, and Chambers spoke last.
The defense maintained that the evidence against Desha was largely circumstantial. They said that Desha's personal items could easily have been planted where they were found. They pointed out that, despite the stab wounds on Baker's body, no blood was found on the ground near the road or on the path along which the murderer had dragged the body to conceal it. Finally, they contended that, although the days had been unusually warm and wild boars were known to inhabit the area, Baker's body showed no obvious signs of decomposition or disturbance by animals, as might have been expected had it been there for six days, as the prosecution had charged.
On January 31, 1825, Desha was found guilty and sentenced to death by hanging. The next day, Rowan filed a motion for a new trial, citing jury tampering, and Judge Shannon sustained Rowan's motion. Throughout the court's March and June terms, a jury was unable to be empaneled due to the extreme publicity the case received.
During the September term, a jury was finally selected, and the trial consumed the rest of the term. Much of the same evidence was presented, and the second jury also voted for a guilty verdict. The date for Desha's execution was set for July 14, 1826. Harry O. Brown, the judge in the case, had been temporarily appointed by Governor Desha to fill a vacancy. He set aside the verdict, ruling that the prosecution had failed to prove that the murder occurred in Fleming County, as charged in the indictment. The prosecution unsuccessfully argued that because a change of venue had already been granted, the place of the murder was immaterial.
The process of selecting a third jury consumed a year and a half. During the delay, Desha attempted suicide by cutting his throat and severed his windpipe. Doctors used a silver tube to repair his windpipe, and Desha survived. On the last day of the court's term in June 1827, the judge announced another continuance, since the court had not yet empaneled a jury. Governor Desha stood and produced a pardon for his son. Although legend holds that Governor Desha resigned immediately after issuing the pardon, records show that he served out the rest of his term. The pardon damaged the governor's reputation and that of the Relief Party, which lost a number of legislative seats in the subsequent elections.
Departure of Isaac Desha.
Freed, Desha left Kentucky, traveling down the Ohio and Mississippi rivers. According to legend, he attempted to rob a flatboat skipper near Vicksburg, Mississippi. It happened the skipper was a longtime acquaintance of Desha, named G. W. Crawford. Crawford recognized Desha and asked why he would try to rob him. Desha confessed that he had been living as an outlaw since his father's pardon. Crawford urged Desha to abandon his illegal activities and offered to give him free passage to New Orleans, Louisiana. Desha accepted, telling Crawford that he planned to travel on to a distant place, assume a new name, and seek a fresh start.
In New Orleans, Desha assumed the name John Parker. Meeting an Ohio native named Thomas Early, he learned the man was carrying a substantial amount of money and was on his way to Texas to purchase some horses and mules. Desha joined Early, traveling with him on a schooner dubbed the "Rights of Man" across the Gulf of Mexico into Galveston Bay. In April 1828, Desha and Early disembarked at Rightors Point (now Morgan's Point, Texas), and from there, they traveled to San Felipe de Austin, arriving in early May. After a brief stay, the two set out on horseback toward San Antonio. By the time Desha reached Gonzales, he was traveling alone.
Desha continued on to San Antonio, where he lost a substantial amount of money playing Monte Bank. He decided to return to San Felipe. Meeting two Americans and a Mexican cigar maker travelling that way, with their permission, he traveled with them. After his return to San Felipe, the citizens began to suspect Desha of murdering Early. A few days after Desha's arrival, Early's clothing was found in a nearby creek. Scattered nearby, a search party located skeletal remains believed to be Early's.
Thomas Duke Marshall, a nephew of Chief Justice John Marshall and former resident of Washington County, Kentucky, was living in San Felipe. He noticed that the man called John Parker bore a strong resemblance to the Desha family of Kentucky and that he breathed through a silver tube like the one used by Isaac Desha. Marshall arrested Desha. After another former Kentuckian in the area also said he believed the suspect was Isaac Desha, Desha admitted his identity and confessed to murdering Early. He said he had intended to rob the Americans who had traveled with him from San Antonio, but the Mexican had watched him too closely. Although there was no jail in the town, a local blacksmith was commissioned to construct irons to restrain Desha until his trial.
Death and legend of escape to Hawaii.
Desha's trial for Early's murder was set for August 14, 1828, but he died of a fever the day before the trial was to start. He was buried in San Felipe de Austin.
After his death, a legend arose that he had not died, that his funeral was staged, and that he had escaped to Hawaii, married a native woman, and fathered several children with her. Andrew Forest Muir, writing in 1956 in the "Filson Club History Quarterly", debunked this legend. He documented that the first Deshas in Hawaii did not arrive until nearly two decades after Isaac Desha's death. At the time of Baker's murder, the progenitor of the Hawaiian Desha family had been four years old. That progenitor was John R. Langherne Desha, a grandson of Governor Joseph Desha and nephew of Isaac Desha. In Honolulu, he helped establish Queen's Hospital and worked there until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="36807796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807796" title="Sici Church">
Sici Church

The Sici Church () is a Romanian Orthodox church in the town of Sici, in Sălaj County, Romania.
History.
In the 17th-18th centuries the inhabitants of Sici were Calvinist Hungarians with a Protestant church. After political boundary changes, the inhabitants were Orthodox Romanians, and this church was built in 1808.

</doc>
<doc id="36807822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807822" title="Melarhaphe">
Melarhaphe

Melarhaphe is a monotypic genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Littorinidae, the winkles or periwinkles.
Species.
Species within the genus "Melarhaphe" include:

</doc>
<doc id="36807825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807825" title="Zlatko Manojlović">
Zlatko Manojlović

Zlatko Manojlović (Serbian Cyrillic: Златко Манојловић) is a Serbian guitarist and singer. He is known as the leader of the progressive rock band Dah and the heavy metal band Gordi, as well as for his eclectic solo work.
Career.
Early career (early 1960s - 1972).
Manojlović started his musical career when he was very young. He was only fifteen when his composition won the first place in Radio Belgrade show "Studio VI vam pruža šansu" ("Studio VI Gives You a Chance").
In 1969, Branislav Marušić "Čutura" invited him to join the reformed Džentlmeni. After Džentlmeni disbanded in 1972, he formed the short-lived band Fleš ("Flash").
Dah (1972 - 1976).
In 1972, Manojlović, together with Marušić, formed the band progressive rock Dah. The band released the album "Veliki cirkus" ("The Big Circus") before moving to Belgium, where they changed their name to Land, and released the album "Cool Breeze". The band returned to Yugoslavia in 1976 and, under the name Dah, released their third album, "Povratak" ("The Return"). Soon after, Dah disbanded.
Gordi (1977 - 1984).
In 1977, Manojlović formed the band Gordi. After releasing three progreesive/hard rock-oriented albums, "Čovek" ("A Man", 1978), "Gordi 2" (1979) and "Gordi 3" (1979), Gordi made a shift towards heavy metal with the album "Pakleni trio" ("Hell Trio", 1981). After releasing the album "Kraljica smrti" ("Queen of Death", 1982), Gordi disbanded in 1984.
Solo career (1975 - present).
Manojlović started his solo career in 1975, while he was the leader of Dah, with the 7" single featuring the songs "Ko te sada ljubi" ("Who Kisses You Now") and "Osećanja" ("Feelings"). In 1977, while serving the Yugoslav People's Army in Ljubljana, he recorded the double seven " single entitled "Ona je" ("She Is"), featuring the instrumental "Jednoj ženi" ("To a Woman"), which became a hit. On the recording of the single he played both guitar and bass guitar, and Dare Petrič (guitar), Vlado Špindler (bass guitar), Andrej Petkovič (drums), Andrej Konjajev (keyboards) and Žare Prinčić (keyboards) also took part in the single recording.
Manojlović released his debut album "Zlatko i njegove gitare" ("Zlatko and His Guitars") in 1980, while still leading Gordi. The album featured eight instrumentals composed by Manojlović and a version of Django Reinhardt's composition "Nuages". His own instrumentals varied from Latin music, over Balkan folk-inspired themes, to funk. In 1983, he released the album "Jednoj ženi", on which he was accompanied by former Smak members Dragan Stojanović "Kepa" (drums) and Zoran Milanović (bass guitar). The album gained attention of the representatives of Toshiba EMI at the 1983 MIDEM, and the label released the album in Japan, but in the other countries as well.
In 1984, he left Yugoslavia and went abroad, participating in the recording of about fifty albums, although remaining mostly uncredited. In 1986, the English language album "Zlatko" was released in Yugoslavia. In 1994, the album "Blue Heart" was released in Germany. The album "Zlatko", released in Serbia in 1995, featured, beside his own songs (including a new version of the title track), covers of The Beatles' "Strawberry Fields Forever", Chick Corea's "Spain", Mason Williams's "Classical Gas", Frank Sinatra's "My Way", Bonnie Tyler's "The Best" 10cc's "I'm Not in Love", and Derek and the Dominos' "Layla". Five tracks on the album were recorded with Munich Symphony Orchestra.
In 1997, he released his latest album "Zlatko".
Vox (1996 - 1998).
In 1996, Manojlović and his wife Izolda Barudžija, under the name Vox, released the album of the same title. Manojlović wrote the music, while the lyrics were written by both of them. In 1998, they released the album "Vox", with some songs on it featuring Manojlović playing sitar.
Collaborations.
Manojlović appeared as guest on Opus' 1975 album "Opus 1", Oko's 1976 album "Raskorak" ("Gap") and Kozmetika's 1983 self-titled album.
He played guitar on Eros Ramazzotti's 1988 album "Musica è" ("Music Is").
Production.
Beside all the albums by Gordi and most of his solo releases, Manojlović has also produced Galija album "Druga plovidba" (1980) and Ruž album "Nº 4" (1993), also authoring most of the latter.

</doc>
<doc id="36807831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807831" title="Evelyn Chew">
Evelyn Chew

Evelyn Chew is a Malaysian-Canadian actress.
Theatre career.
Evelyn Chew is a Malaysian-Canadian actress. She was born in Port Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada. She portrayed Sadness in a production of Timberlake Wertenbaker's "The Ash Girl" in 2008. Colin Thomas of "The Georgia Straight" called Chew's performance as Sadness "creepily forceful". In 2009, she won a Jessie Richardson Theatre Award in the Theatre for Young Audiences category along with Hamza Adam, Kenji Maeda, Luc Roderique, and Azin Sadr for their ensemble performance in Neworld Theatre's production of "Are We There Yet?" She portrayed a teenaged girl in Caravan Farm Theatre's production of "Everyone" in 2010. In 2011, she portrayed one of the Three Witches in Theatre Conspiracy's and GasHeart Theatre's production of Heiner Müller's adaptation of William Shakespeare's "Macbeth". That same year, she portrayed a member of a circus troupe in a production of "Munsch Ado About Nothing". She portrayed Number 18 in the 2012 cross-Canada tour of Andrew Kooman's "She Has a Name". When she was recruited for the tour, she was living in Vancouver, and was planning on returning to drama school.

</doc>
<doc id="36807850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807850" title="Luigi Astolfi">
Luigi Astolfi

Luigi Astolfi (; 1790s–1860s) was an Italian dancer, choreographer, and composer.
Life.
Luigi Astolfi was born in Lombardy in the 1790s.
In 1817 he had his first great success as a dancer performing "Osvaldo e Olfrida" by Giuseppe Sorrentino at the Teatro San Benedetto in Venice.
In the following years he also started to practise as a choreographer, especially in Lisbon and, to a lesser extent, also in Oporto, in Vienna, and in Russia, but with less success; performances of "Belisario" and "Gli esiliati in Siberia" (1831) by Gaetano Donizetti, and "La muette de Portici" by Daniel Auber (1838) were warmly received by critics and audience.
Later he was also the composer of the music that he performed as a dancer; his first great success was "Le sette reclute", performed for the first time in 1832 at the Teatro alla Canobbiana in Milan. Again at the Canobbiana in 1837 "I minatori di Salerno" was performed for the first time: this is his most famous and most performed ballet, not only by Astolfi himself but also by other performers; this was the only work by Astolfi to be performed even after his death.
He was "premier danseur", of both Italian and Portuguese dancers, at the Royal Theatre of Saint John in Lisbon until the season 1839–40, which was a complete failure for Astolfi. He experienced other failures in Crema and Bergamo in 1837 and at the Teatro Carignano in Turin in 1842.
In 1840 he married with dancer and leading pantomimic actress Fanny Mazzarelli, sister of the more famous soprano Rosina Mazzarelli.
He was composer and choreographer of "La Encantadora de Madrid", successfully performed in the season 1845–46 at the Teatro Regio in Turin, starring Fanny Cerrito and Arthur Saint-Léon.
In 1855 he retired to private life in Milan, where he died in the 1860s.
Style.
Luigi Astolfi was a careful dancer, able to recognize and please the taste of the audience. In his worst years he was criticized of being excessively detailed in this sense, but for the rest of his career, critics and audiences always agreed him an indisputable success.
Astolfi wrote more than fifty works, many of which were performed by the most famous dancers of the time, including Nicola Molinari, Emanuele Viotti, Domenico Ronzani, Fanny Cerrito, and Arthur Saint-Léon.

</doc>
<doc id="36807860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807860" title="Böğrüeğri, Tarsus">
Böğrüeğri, Tarsus

Böğrüeğri is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the Taurus Mountains (Cilicia of the antiquity) plains at the north bank of Berdan Dam reservoir. The distance to Tarsus is and the distance to Mersin is . The population of Boynu eğri was 528 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36807866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807866" title="Elías García Martínez">
Elías García Martínez

Elías García Martínez (Requena, 1858 – Utiel, 1934) was a Spanish painter.
Biography.
García Martínez started his artistic career in Requena, his birthplace. He studied at the Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Carlos de Valencia and in Barcelona. He moved to Zaragoza, where he married Juliana Condoy Tello. In 1894, he started to work as an assistant professor in the "Escuela Provincial de Bellas Artes de Zaragoza," where he taught the course of ornamental drawing and portrait painting until his retirement in 1929. He also gave lectures as professor of the "Instituto de Segunda Enseñanza de Zaragoza". His work as a portraitist is not greatly appreciated by critics as he had not incorporated the innovations of modernity.
Ecce Homo.
One of the frescos painted by García Martínez in the "Santuario de Misericordia" of Borja (Zaragoza), his "Ecce Homo", accidentally rose to international attention in August 2012 when it was destroyed in good faith by a local octogenarian woman named Cecilia Giménez, who had wished to restore the painting, which had deteriorated from humidity. Ms. Giménez insisted she had permission from the local priest to perform the work. As she lacked any kind of professional skill or experience, her attempt resulted in major damage to the painting, although the result enjoyed ironic fame.

</doc>
<doc id="36807880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807880" title="Elsa Ventura">
Elsa Ventura

Elsa Margarida Meira Ventura is a Portuguese football midfielder currently playing for SU 1º Dezembro, with which she made her Champions League debut in August 2012, scoring against Glentoran LFC. She has also played for Futebol Benfica.
A former Under-19 international, she was called up by the senior Portuguese national team for the first time in March 2012 replacing Edite Fernandes.

</doc>
<doc id="36807881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807881" title="Kolyvansky">
Kolyvansky

Kolyvansky (masculine), Kolyvanskaya (feminine), or Kolyvanskoye (neuter) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36807896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807896" title="Queen of California">
Queen of California

"Queen of California" is the second single from American singer John Mayer's fifth studio album "Born and Raised".
Music video.
The music video for "Queen of California" premiered on YouTube on July 30, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36807956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807956" title="Charles Stuart, Duke of Cambridge (1660–1661)">
Charles Stuart, Duke of Cambridge (1660–1661)

Charles Stuart (22 October 16605 May 1661) was the first of four sons and eight children born from the marriage between James, Duke of York (later James II of England & VII of Scotland) and his first wife, Anne Hyde. He was styled "Duke of Cambridge", but never formally created so, due to the fact that he died so young.
He was conceived seven months before his parents' official marriage and if royal advisors and Henrietta Maria of France (the mother of James) had their way, he could have been declared illegitimate, as his mother, Anne, was not of royal blood.
However, Charles II of England, James' brother, approved of the marriage and the wedding between James and Anne was held on 3 September 1660 in London. Charles was born on 22 October and was baptised on 1 January 1661 at Worcester House. However, he died before reaching the age of one, after becoming ill with smallpox. He was buried in Westminster Abbey, on 6 May 1661. He died before the patent for this title was passed and his younger brother, James was formally created "Duke of Cambridge". After James' death in 1667, at the age of three, another younger brother, Edgar was styled as such, but he, too, died at the age of three and all titles became extinct until the birth of the another son, also named Charles, in 1677.
Arms.
During his short life, Charles bore a coat of arms, as a grandson of a British Sovereign, consisting those of the kingdom, differenced by a "label argent of five points ermine".

</doc>
<doc id="36807963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807963" title="Action of 6 July 1746">
Action of 6 July 1746

The Action of 6 July 1746 was an inconclusive naval engagement between a British fleet under Edward Peyton and a French fleet under Bertrand-François Mahé de La Bourdonnais early in the First Carnatic War, as the Indian theatre of the War of the Austrian Succession is sometimes called. Both fleets were damaged, with La Bourdonnais putting in at Pondicherry for repairs, and Peyton at Trincomalee. La Bourdonnais acquired additional guns at Pondicherry, and when the fleets met again in August 1746, Peyton refused battle and retreated to Bengal. La Bourdonnais then proceeded to lead the successful French attack on Madras in September.

</doc>
<doc id="36807969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807969" title="Giuseppe Perrino">
Giuseppe Perrino

Giuseppe Perrino (born 3 January 1992 in Italy) is an Italian football player who plays for Parma.
Career.
Perrino joined Parma from on loan from Ebolitana in the summer of 2012. He moved to Bellaria Igea on loan soon after.

</doc>
<doc id="36807972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807972" title="Krasnozyorsky">
Krasnozyorsky

Krasnozyorsky/Krasnozersky (masculine), Krasnozyorskaya/Krasnozerskaya (feminine), or Krasnozyorskoye/Krasnozerskoye (neuter) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36807973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807973" title="Charles Stuart, Duke of Cambridge (1677)">
Charles Stuart, Duke of Cambridge (1677)

Charles Stuart (7 November 167712 December 1677) was the first of two sons and third of seven children born from the marriage between James, Duke of York (later James II of England & VII of Scotland) and Mary of Modena. He was styled "Duke of Cambridge", but never formally created so, due to the fact that he died so young.
At the time of his birth at St James's Palace, Charles was the second surviving child of James and Mary, a sister, Catherine Laura, having died the previous year. Another sister, Isabella, one year older than Charles, died at the age of four in 1681. At the time of Charles' birth, his uncle, Charles II of England, had no legitimate children and his queen consort, Catherine of Braganza, was reaching the age of 40 and it was clear enough that she would have no children and that the Duke of York would succeed as King.
Because all of James' sons with his first wife, Anne Hyde, were dead, the newborn Charles would then succeed to the throne, which was a possibility that caused much concern in England and Scotland because both James and Mary were Catholics and the majority of people wanted a Protestant monarch. Like so many of his brothers and sisters, the infant Duke lived for a little more than a month, dying on 12 December the same year he was born, but his parents' beliefs cost them their crowns. Charles was buried in Westminster Abbey, on 13 December 1677. His younger brother was James Francis Edward Stuart, "The Old Pretender".
Arms.
During his short life, Charles bore a coat of arms, as a grandson of a British Sovereign, consisting those of the kingdom, differenced by a "label argent of five points ermine".

</doc>
<doc id="36807986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807986" title="Tata Motors Cars">
Tata Motors Cars

Tata Motors Cars is a division of the India-based automaker Tata Motors which produces passenger cars under the Tata Motors marque.
History.
Tata Motors entered the passenger vehicle market in 1991 with the launch of the Tata Sierra, a multi utility vehicle. This was followed by the launch of the Tata Estate in 1992 (a stationwagon based on the existing TataMobile light commercial vehicle) and the Tata Safari in 1998, India's first sports utility vehicle. 
Tata launched the Indica in 1998, the first fully indigenous Indian passenger car. Although initially criticised by auto-analysts, its excellent fuel economy, powerful engine and an aggressive marketing strategy made it one of the best selling cars in the history of the Indian automobile industry. A newer version of the car, named Indica V2, was a major improvement over the previous version and quickly became a mass-favorite. Tata Motors also successfully exported large quantities of the car to South Africa. The success of Indica played a key role in the growth of Tata Motors. 
In January 2008, Tata Motors launched Tata Nano, the least expensive production car in the world at about 120,000 (3,000). The city car was unveiled during the Auto Expo 2008 exhibition in Pragati Maidan, New Delhi.
Tata has faced controversy over developing the Nano as some environmentalists like Anumita Roychoudhury, of the Centre for Science and Environment in Delhi, and Rajendra K. Pachauri, chairperson of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), are concerned that the launch of such a low-priced car could lead to mass motorization in India with adverse effects on pollution and global warming. Tata had set up a factory in Sanand, Gujarat and the first Nanos were rolled out in summer 2009.
Tata Nano Europa had been developed for sale in developed economies and it hit markets in 2010 while the normal Nano had hit markets in South Africa, Kenya and countries in Asia and Africa by late 2009.
Tata Motors Cars meanwhile has launched further expansion into Southeast Asia with plans to sell cars in Vietnam and the Philippines.
At the 12th Auto Expo in February 2014, Tata Motors unveiled The Bolt, a hatchback and The Zest, a compact sedan. They are slated to launch in August 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36807996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807996" title="Nippon Seinenkan">
Nippon Seinenkan

The is a hotel and convention complex in Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan. The main hall can accommodate 1,360 guests.
Performances.
Musical artists who have performed at the Nippon Seinenkan include Shiritsu Ebisu Chugaku, on July 1, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36807998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807998" title="Logitech Unifying receiver">
Logitech Unifying receiver

The Logitech Unifying receiver is a tiny dedicated USB wireless receiver which permits up to 6 devices such as mice and keyboards, which must be made by Logitech and of compatible design, to be linked to the same computer using 2.4 GHz band radio communication in a way very similar to, but incompatible with, Bluetooth. The proprietary technology has led to criticisms of anti-competitiveness by Logitech. It is not practical to fit receivers in several computers to allow the same input devices to be used (e.g., with a desktop and a laptop computer), as the devices need to be paired with the receiver each time, although the receiver and input devices can be moved together from one computer to another.
Receivers are supplied with Logitech input devices, and are also available separately.
A critical but poorly documented restriction on some Unifying devices limits them to a maximum of forty-five unique receiver pairings. Once the forty-fifth connection is made, it would no longer be possible to connect such a device to a different receiver. For users switching an Unifying device between multiple PCs or laptops with individual receivers, this connection limit will be reached.
Driver software is available for Windows and Mac OS X from Logitech. Wireless devices using the Unifying Receiver are supported since Linux 3.2.
Software to manage Unifying devices on Linux is available from third party developers, for example, Solaar.

</doc>
<doc id="36808007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808007" title="Tiny-G">
Tiny-G

Tiny-G (Korean: ) is a three-membered girl group from South Korea, formed in 2012 by GNG production. The group consists of Dohee, J Min, and Mint.
Their name "Tiny-G" stands for "Tiny Giant" because "even though they're small with an average height of 153cm, they are strong and fierce like giants". They are a skillful b-boying hip hop group.
History.
Pre-debut.
Before debut, the group appeared on MBC's show "Show Champion" on April 24, 2012 and performed the track “Polaris”, a song which singer Jay Park and actress Lee Si-young had made for them as a gift through MBC's "Music and Lyrics". The instrumentation was composed and produced by Cha Cha Malone and Jay Park. The song was titled "Polaris" and was released on May 5. After "Music & Lyrics" was broadcast, Tiny-G became the number 1 searched item on many Korean search engines.
Debut.
Their debut single "Tiny-G" was released on August 23, 2012. They made their debut on "M! Countdown" with "Tiny-G". The teaser of the song were released on LOEN Entertainment YouTube at the beginning of August, with a 44-second clip released on August 9. Later they releases an album jacket photos on August 16. After revealing a previous music video teaser and their album jacket photos, Tiny-G has released a 63-second “drama teaser” on August 21 for the upcoming music video. Then hours before their debut on "M! Countdown", they released their "Tiny-G" music video.
Tiny-G have released their second single, "Minimanimo" on January 20, 2013.
On June 13, 2013, the group performed an OST for the game 'Dragon Nest' titled "Here We Go".
On October 1, 2013, the group released their third single, "Miss You".
On March 12, 2014, Do Hee and J-Min performed an OST for the drama 'Cunning Single Lady' titled "Mirror Mirror"
2014: Comeback and Myungji departure.
On June 26, 2014, GnG Production announced that Myungji was leavig to focus on her acting career. They released a statement saying "Myungji expressed that she wants to officially go into acting to expand on her passion that she's had since her child actress and CF days... Myungji's leave was decided on after discussing it fully with the agency and Tiny-G members, and we respect and cheer on her decision." 
It was also revealed that Tiny-G would be having a comeback as a trio on July 3, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36808067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808067" title="Carpobrotus aequilaterus">
Carpobrotus aequilaterus

Carpobrotus aequilaterus is naturalised in California and Mexico. It is also known as the Sea Fig.
The plant grows along the coast from sea level and up to 100 metres higher. It can be found in California, Mexico, New South Wales and Tasmania.
Description.
"Carpobrotus aequilaterus" has an edible fruit. Their flavour is said to be like strawberry but they have a poor structure. The flowers are pollinated by bees although the flowers are hermaphrodite. The plants grow from 8 to 72 inches high. 

</doc>
<doc id="36808078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808078" title="Bezbozhnik (rural locality)">
Bezbozhnik (rural locality)

Bezbozhnik (, lit. "godless") is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36808081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808081" title="Antonio Baldissera">
Antonio Baldissera

Antonio Baldissera (27 May 1838 - 8 January 1917) was an Italian general, active in the Ethiopian Empire (Abyssinia) during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Biography.
Baldissera was born at Padua 1838, and died at Florence, on January 9, 1917. His birthplace in 1858 being still under Austrian rule, young Baldissera entered the Austrian army, in which he served with distinction in an infantry regiment; he was captain in the 7th Jägers at Custoza (1866). When Venetia became Italian, he opted for Italian nationality, retaining his rank in the Italian army. In 1879 he was promoted colonel of the 7th Bersaglieri.
In 1887, he was promoted to major general and went to Eritrea under General Alessandro Asinari di San Marzano, remaining in the colony as governor after the latter's return. Both as a soldier and an administrator he showed high qualities. He occupied Asmara, Keren and other territories, defeated the armies of Ras Alula, and had planned still further extensions of Italian dominion, profiting by the anarchy of Abyssinia. He organized the admirable native troops (Askari), developed agriculture and built roads. But owing to a disagreement with the home Government over his Abyssinian policy he asked for and obtained his recall after two years of successful activity.
In 1892 he was promoted lieutenant general. When the war with Abyssinia broke out in 1895 the then governor of the colony, General Oreste Baratieri, did not enjoy the confidence of the Italian government, which decided to send out Baldissera once more. Although the appointment was kept secret, Baratieri got wind of it, and this probably decided him to attack the enemy with an inferior force and insufficient supplies, hoping to win glory for himself before his successor's arrival. The result was the disaster of Adowa (March 1, 1896).
When Baldissera arrived, he found a defeated and demoralized army, and the victorious enemy advancing in force. With lightning speed, he reorganized the remains of Baratieri's army and the reenforcements just landed, freed the beleaguered garrisons of Cassale and Adigrat, drove back King Menelek II's army and reoccupied a large part of the lost territory. But peace was concluded before he had completely retrieved the defeat of Adowa, and he was forced to limit his activities to the internal reorganization of Eritrea. But even this task he could not carry out as thoroughly as he wished owing to the opposition of the home government, which was tired of African affairs.
In 1897 Baldissera returned to Italy and resumed his duties in the home army, successively commanding the VII and VIII Army Corps. In 1906 he was made a senator. In 1908 he had to retire from the army under the age limit.

</doc>
<doc id="36808094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808094" title="Phidippus tyrannus">
Phidippus tyrannus

Phidippus tyrannus is a species of jumping spider found in the United States and Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="36808096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808096" title="Kabaret Starszych Panów">
Kabaret Starszych Panów

Kabaret Starszych Panów (variously translated to English as "Old(er) Gentlemen's Cabaret" or "Elderly Gentlemen's Cabaret") was a televised Polish satirical cabaret, active in the late 1950s to mid-1960s . Numerous leading Polish actors and performers participated in its shows. The hosts and producers were Jerzy Wasowski and Jeremi Przybora, the two older gentlemen mentioned in the cabaret's name. Their performances gained a country-wide popularity.
Style.
The Cabaret was founded and led by composer Jerzy Wasowski (b. 1913) and writer Jeremi Przybora (b. 1915), the two older gentlemen in the cabaret's title. Wasowski wrote the music, and Przybora, the TV script. The cabaret focused on two Bourgeoisie characters, "Pan A" and "Pan B" (Mr. A and Mr. B) "in dinner jackets, bowler hats, and with carnations in their button holes," who tried to find themselves in the new world of communist People's Republic of Poland, invariably poking fun at the changing reality. Their humor has been described as "absurdist, sophisticated and elegant". Music formed an important element of the cabaret's style, leading some critics to assert that the show was less of a cabaret and more of a "musical theatre of absurd". Many top Polish actors of that time played in the cabaret as guests. Most notable performers included Mieczysław Czechowicz, Edward Dziewoński, Wiesław Gołas, Kalina Jędrusik, Irena Kwiatkowska, Barbara Krafftówna, Zdzisław Leśniak, Wiesław Michnikowski.
History, influence and legacy.
Wasowski and Przybora begun professional cooperation in 1948 in radio shows. The cabaret was created in Warsaw in 1958 and was active till 1966. It aired on Polish national television at a time when all TV broadcasting was state-run. Unlike modern shows, airing on a weekly basis, their shows on censored television took months to prepare, and in the end, during their eight years they only created sixteen episodes. It quickly gained significant Poland-wide popularity; even though many people still did not own TV sets. During the late-night hours when the programme was aired, families and friends congregated in the houses where the show could be watched. The cabaret was eventually moved to a prime time slot. Its popularity led to a movie, starring the same characters, called Upał (1964), and directed by Kazimierz Kutz. The early TV programs were not archived, and about half of them have been lost. They were recast in 1978-1980 as the "Kabaret Jeszcze Starszych Panów" ("The Even Older Gentlemen's Cabaret"). The cabaret was disbanded in 1968, as Wasowski decided he was too old to keep performing, and felt that it is better to end the show when their performance is still strong, rather than wait for its future decline.
In 2011 the National Bank of Poland issued a coin featuring Wasowaski and Przybora, in their cabaret attire, in a series for "artists seen as instrumental in bringing their style of entertainment to national attention". The series has been called cult and legendary; when technology permitted, it has been rereleased in the VHS and more recently, CD and DVD formats, and is still repeated in Polish television channels.

</doc>
<doc id="36808104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808104" title="Marc H. Sasseville">
Marc H. Sasseville

Brigadier General Marc H. Sasseville (born March 23, 1963), is a United States Air Force officer who is the first Hispanic to be named Commander of the 113th Wing, District of Columbia Air National Guard at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland. On September 11, 2001, Sasseville was the acting operations group commander under the 113th Wing of the DC Air National Guard. He was one of four pilots given the mission of finding United Flight 93 and destroying it, even if it meant ramming the plane. The tactic would be similar to the suicide military tactics known as kamikaze missions used by the military aviators from the Empire of Japan in World War II.
Early years.
Sasseville (birth name: Marc Henrys Sasseville Frontera ) was the oldest of three children born to Air Force Officer Albert "Al" Sasseville and Yita Frontera Lluch, a native of Yauco, Puerto Rico at Wright Patterson Air Force Base, in Ohio. After graduating from high school he was accepted to the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado. In May 29, 1985, he earned his B.S. degree in International Affairs and a Second Lieutenant's commission in the Air Force from the academy.
Military career.
Sasseville was assigned to the Undergraduate Pilot Training program at, Columbus Air Force Base, in Mississippi from 1985 to '86, where he earned his pilot wings, and from 1986 to 87 he was sent to the F-16 Replacement Training Unit at MacDill Air Force Base in Florida. He was promoted to the rank of First Lieutenant on May 29, 1987.
He served in various operational units during his active duty. From 1987 to 1989, Sasseville served in his first overseas assignment as Programmer of the 613th Fighter Squadron, 401st Tactical Fighter Wing, at Torrejon Air Base in Spain. He was promoted to the rank of Captain on May 29, 1989. He then returned to the United States and was assigned Chief of Squadron Weapons of the 309th Fighter Squadron, 31st. Tactical Fighter Wing at Homestead Air Force Base in Florida. In 1992, he was sent overseas once more as Flight Commander of the 13th Fighter Squadron, and Chief of Standardizations and Evaluations of the 35th Operations Group at Misawa Air Base in Japan.
In 1995, Sasseville was reassigned and sent to Nevada where he served as Wing Weapons Chief of the 57th Operational Support Squadron, 57th at Nellis Air Force Base. He earned a Master of Arts degree in Aeronautical Science Technology from Embry Riddle Aeronautical at the University of Florida in 1996. He served in the capacity of Wing Weapons Chief until 1997. On January 1, of that same year he was promoted to the rank of Major and sent overseas to the Kunsan Air Base in the Republic of Korea where he served as Assistant Director of Operations, 80th Fighter Squadron of the 8th Fighter Wing. From 1998 - 1999, Sasseville acted as the Program Manager1 F-22 Core Pilot of the 422nd Test and Evaluation Squadron at Nellis AFB in Nevada.
September 11 attacks.
In 2000, Sasseville joined the District of Columbia Air National Guard as a traditional guardsman. He was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel on January 18, 2001 and named Director of Operations, 121st Fighter Squadron, 113th Wing, District of Columbia Air National Guard at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland.
On September 11, 2001, United Airlines Flight 93 was hijacked by four members of al-Qaeda as part of the September 11 attacks. The hijackers breached the aircraft's cockpit and overpowered the flight crew approximately 46 minutes after takeoff. Ziad Jarrah, a trained pilot, then took control of the aircraft and diverted it back toward the east coast of the United States in the direction of Washington, D.C. The hijackers' specific target was the United States Capitol.
That morning Major Daniel Caine, supervisor of flying with the 113th Wing of the DC Air National Guard, received a call that the Secret Service wanted fighter jets launched over Washington, DC. Then - Lieutenant Colonel Marc Sasseville, called Brigadier General David Wherley, the commander of the 113th Wing, to get permission to use their “war-reserve missiles.
The four pilots who were available for the mission and who received authorization to get airborne in their fighter jets, were Lieutenant Colonel Marc Sasseville, Lieutenant Heather Penney, Captain Brandon Rasmussen, and Major Daniel Caine.
The mission was to find United Airlines Flight 93 and destroy it however they could. Since the fighter jets were absent of missiles and packed only with dummy ammunition from a recent training mission, there was only one way to do it and that was by ramming the aircraft. The tactic would be similar to the suicide military tactics known as kamikaze missions used by the military aviators from the Empire of Japan in World War II.
Sasseville flew his aircraft alongside the aircraft of Lt. Penney. According to Penney, Sasseville told her: "We don’t train to bring down airliners. If you just hit the engine, it could still glide and you could guide it to a target." He also told her that he would take out the cockpit and that she should take the tail.
The fighter jets passed over the ravaged Pentagon building; however, it wasn’t until hours later that they would find out that United 93 had already gone down in a field outside Shanksville, Pennsylvania, killing all 44 people aboard including the 4 hijackers.
Post 9/11.
In 2003, Sasseville was deployed during Operation Iraqi Freedom and participated in major combat operations as Commander of the 410th Expeditionary Operations Support Squadron.
He returned to the United States and served as the Commander of the 121st Fighter Squadron, 113th Wing. In 2004 he attended the Air War College and took a course in correspondence. He continued as Commander of the 121st Fighter Squadron until April 21, 2005 when he was promoted to the rank of Colonel and named Commander of the 113th Operations Group. During this time period he attended the Advanced Joint PME (RC), Joint Forces Staff College in Norfolk, Virginia and in 2007, the Reserve Component National Security Course at the National Defense University in Arlington, Virginia From 2008 to 2010, Sasseville served as Vice Commander of the 113th Wing. He took the Joint Task Force Commander's Course at Peterson Air Force Base in Colorado in 2009. Upon completion of the course, he was assigned as Deputy Director for Readiness in the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense Reserve Affairs in the Pentagon.
Commander of the 113th Wing.
On August 3, 2012, Sasseville was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General and named the Commander of the 113th Wing, District of Columbia Air National Guard, Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland. In this capacity he is responsible for over 1200 personnel in support of both the F-16 (Air Combat Command) fighter and the C-38 and C-40 VIP airlift (Air Mobility Command) aircraft missions. He is also in charge of the Aerospace Control Alert Detachment, which is responsible for the air defense of the U.S. Capital.
Awards and decorations.
Among Sasseville's military decorations and badges are the following:
Badges

</doc>
<doc id="36808106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808106" title="François Devouassoud">
François Devouassoud

François Devouassoud (September 1831 – 1905) was a French mountain guide who made many first ascents in the Alps, notably as guide to Douglas William Freshfield, who claimed that Devouassoud "was the first Alpine guide to carry his ice-axe to the snows of a distant range".
Life.
Devouassoud was born in 1831 in the hamlet of Les Barats in the Chamonix valley. The eldest of three brothers, both of whom were also guides, Devouassoud was educated at Sallanches, and subsequently at Bonneville. He passed some time in a Jesuit seminary in his youth and he contemplated becoming a priest but returned to Chamonix.
Mountaineering.
Alps.
He was admitted to the Compagnie des guides de Chamonix in 1849. Amongst those who sought his services in the Alps were Freshfield, W. A. B. Coolidge, Francis Fox Tuckett, Horace Walker, Adolphus Warburton Moore and Charles Comyns Tucker. Devouassoud was treasurer of the Compagnie des guides de Chamonix for ten years,<c&a2/> but refused the post of president.
Claire Engel offers the following portrait of Devouassoud, based on the account of Freshfield:
Greater Ranges.
As Freshfield stated, Devouassoud was the first alpine guide to work in the greater ranges. Cunningham and Abney write that he was "the doyen of the pioneers who have set out at different times for the Caucasus, the Himalayas, New Zealand, or the Andes". In 1868 he made the first ascents of Kazbek and the east summit of Elbrus in the Caucasus.
In 1887 he was the subject of a photograph by Abney, possibly the one illustrating this article, entitled "A Chamounix Guide, Francois Devouassoud" at the 32nd Exhibition of Photographic Society of Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="36808117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808117" title="Bez (musician)">
Bez (musician)

Emmanuel Bezhiwa Idakula, known as Bez (born 10 November 1983), is a Nigerian multi-instrumentalist, singer-songwriter and composer, working in a genre known as "alternative soul", a hybrid of soul, rock, jazz and R&B. He was featured in "Pulse" Magazine as number one on the list of "Top 12 Musicians To Look Out For in 2014".
Early life and education.
Emmanuel Bez Idakula was born in 1983, in Jos in central Nigeria. He grew up in a musically inclined family, listening to gospel and country. As a child, he sang in choirs and began playing his father's guitar at the age of nine. His parents recorded duets, with his mother singing and his father playing the guitar, while Bez and his younger brother, Anyidakula Idakula, and his two sisters, Eunice Chiedu and Lydia Sobogun provided a sing along audience. Growing up Bez spent his time fixing things, and dabbling in painting and sketching.
Bez lost his father, who was a politician and Gubernatorial Candidate for Nasarawa State in Nigeria, at the age of twelve. His family's finances crashed as a result and he could hardly afford to pay the rest of his tuition for high school. An anonymous person paid for his High School education. In College, he received help paying his fees, as well.
Upon finishing Loyola Jesuit College, Bez attended and graduated from Covenant University in 2005 with a BSc in Information and communications technology. He sang at open mic nights while at university. One of such open mic nights was called Taruwa ("gathering" in the Hausa language), where the platform encouraged artists to share their talent through music, poetry, the spoken word and art. Here Bez played every two weeks and met Praiz, who he later collaborated with on "That Stupid Song". Later, he read "He-Motions" by Bishop TD Jakes and other spiritual and self-help books, which lead him to the view that his purpose in life is to add value to the world through his music.
Career.
"Super Sun".
Bez's album "Super Sun" was released in 2011, and includes the single "That Stupid Song". "The Boston Globe" placed this song at number 3 in its top ten world music albums of 2011, calling Bez a "superb alternative-soul singer". Connect Nigeria called it "unusual and just a perfect blend for a debut album"
In an interview with Vanguard Nigeria, Bez stated "That Stupid Song" was created accidentally when someone entered the studio requesting "a stupid song". Bez's producer, the talented song writer and music producer, Cobhams Asuquo, thought to create a song that was a mixture of different songs they sang while growing up. They invited Praiz to do a collaboration with Bez and they recorded "That Stupid Song" the next day.
"Untitled 2014 album".
In November 2013, Bez premiered the first single off his second album, "My Baby" also produced by Cobhams Asuquo, to be released in 2014. The title and release date are currently unknown. In the interview of April 2013 with Vanguard Nigeria, Bez stated that his next album will be a slight departure from the sound he is known for, stating he will be putting a more African sound in his music and rock while keeping the soul present in the music. This may make the music a bit more mainstream
Other career accomplishments.
Bez's music video of "That Stupid Song", premiered on the renowned BET's 106 & Park, an American hip-hop and R&B music video show, in January 2012. He was the first African artist to world premiere his music video on BET and the first Nigerian artist to do a solo show at the iTunes store in Soho, New York. He also had a show at the iTunes store in Santa Monica, California for Black Music month in June 2012.
Tours.
Bez enjoys being on stage: "Once I get on stage, it goes crazy from there. We perform with our hearts and just go in. It's great energy on stage and we try to keep it that way till the end." Recording in the studio also has many rewards. "Sometimes it may be down to business, other times and most of the time… it's just pure unadulterated fun!!"
Bez performed at many events in 2012: The New Africa Shrine in Harlem, New York; the Applause Africa Award ceremony honouring Angélique Kidjo in Manhattan, New York; Arts Alive Festival and Moshito Music Conference in Johannesburg, South Africa; Africa Utopia at Southbank Centre in London, UK; Africa Leadership Network Annual conference in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, and Nigeria House pre-Olympic concerts in London, UK. He also performed for Sol Village at SOBs in Manhattan, New York, and for the TML100 event in Nairobi, Kenya. He also performed in the "Spinlet All African Showcase, (the first of its kind), at SXSW in Austin, Texas; in March 2012. His Super Sun Concert in Nigeria, in December 2012, received raves.
In 2013, Bez made the American tour in March, and the European tour which was held later in the summer of the same year. He also played the Slide and Bounce Tour, sponsored by Globacom.
Awards and nominations.
Bez received six nominations in the 2012 The Headies, the Nigerian Music Awards: Recording of the Year (single "The Stupid Song"), Best R 'N' B Single ("The Stupid Song"), Best R 'N' B/Pop Album ("Super Sun"), Best Collaboration (Stupid Song featuring Praiz), Best Vocal Performance, and Hip Hop World Revelation.
Personal life.
Bez married Bolatito Ladoja, daughter of former Oyo State Governor Rasheed Ladoja, in January 2014. Bolatito works as a banker at First City Monument Bank. She holds a Bachelors Degree in International Relations from Warwick University in the United Kingdom, with a Masters in Management from Imperial College in London.
Bolatito is supportive and involved in Bez's career, and she is often present at his gigs.
Bez is currently based in Lagos.
Musically, his biggest influences are Amy Winehouse, the Beatles and '70s soul. In addition to guitar, he also plays piano and percussion.
Charitable involvement.
Bez founded the Bez Idakula Foundation to help with educational needs for kids who can't afford it, and to try to help transform their lives in the same way his own life was affected and transformed. 
Bez also sits on the board of an NGO, Ovie Brume Foundation, is a member of the African Leadership Network and is one of two Nigerian members of Sandbox, a global network of young entrepreneurs. He also endorses '’Friends Africa'’ and a Telecommunications brand in Africa, Globacom and has appeared in their commercials. In March 2012, Bez spoke at the Harvard Africa Business Conference on an entertainment panel.

</doc>
<doc id="36808130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808130" title="Woodstock Community Center">
Woodstock Community Center

The Woodstock Community Center is a community center and former fire station built in 1928, located in the Woodstock neighborhood of Portland, Oregon, United States. The building was converted to a community center when Portland Parks & Recreation acquired ownership in 1958. In 2003, community members prevented closure due to budget constraints by forming a group called Friends of the Woodstock Community Center to raise funds and coordinate volunteers.
History.
Originally constructed as a fire station in 1928, the building was converted to a community center in 1958 after Portland Parks & Recreation (PP&R) acquired ownership. In 2003, City of Portland budget constraints threatened closure of the center. Community members formed a group called Friends of the Woodstock Community Center (FWCC) to raise funds and coordinate volunteers, preventing closure. Volunteers contribute thousands of hours each year to maintain the property and coordinate workshops and other community events. According to the Woodstock Neighborhood Association (WNA), an agreement with PP&R requires that the center operate on a cost neutral basis.
Community role.
Over the years the building has hosted numerous activities. In the late-1950s the center began hosting all music education classes offered by PP&R. The music program included children's music, ear training, music theory and strings instruction; classes were offered at the Woodstock location until the construction of the Community Music Center in 1969. More recent examples include Alcoholics Anonymous meetings, clock repair classes, guitar and piano lessons, Halloween parties, pilates, a pre-school cooperative program, Reed Neighborhood Association meetings, taekwondo, watercolor painting, WNA meetings, yoga classes and Zumba fitness classes. The center also hosts benefit events by FWCC and the WNA to support its maintenance fund through the sale of arts and crafts, plants, and raffle and silent auction items. Space at the center can be rented for events.

</doc>
<doc id="36808133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808133" title="2004 Ai">
2004 Ai

2004 Ai (stylized as 2004 A.I.) is the third studio album by Japanese R&B musician Ai, released on June 16, 2004. "2004 Ai" was her first top 10 album, as well as her first album to be certified by the RIAJ.
Background.
The album was her second to be released under Universal Music Japan. While she was initially signed to the DefJam Japan sub-label for "Original Ai", this album was her first to be released after her switch to the Universal Sigma sub-label. "Original Ai" was a commercial success compared to her debut under BMG Japan, "My Name Is Ai", selling 20 times her debut album's amount and peaking at number 15 on Oricon's albums chart.
Two singles were released prior to the album, "After the Rain" and "EO," both of which were top 30 hits. "EO" was her highest charting single to date, reaching number 23.
Writing and production.
The majority of the album was produced by R&B producers 813 (DJ Yutaka and Shingo. S), 2Soul, Daisuke Imai, T. Kura and Michico. Ai had worked with 813 and Michico on "Original Ai", on the songs "Summer Time" and "Girls' Talk" respectively. "Dreaming of You" was a collaboration with Danish music production duo Great Dane, i.e. Carsten Lindberg and Joachim Svare, with new Japanese lyrics written by Ai. Ai had previously worked with the pair on her single "Thank U."
Ai collaborated with several musicians on the album, most notably beat-boxer Afra and rapper Tucker on the single "Watch Out!" She also collaborated with 1970s guitarist Char, who arranged the song "Breathe." The collaboration occurred because Ai happened to be childhood friends with Char's son, vocalist Jesse from the rock band Rize. The pair later collaborated vocally on Char's DVD single "No Generation Gap" (2004), which was featured on Ai's album "Feat. Ai". Ai also collaborated with reggae artist Boy-Ken on "Angel." Boy-Ken released an alternative version of "Angel" on his album "Everythin' Is Everythin (2004). The interlude "L'Haleine des Cordes" is a classical piece arranged by game music composer Shirō Sagisu.
Promotion and concerts.
The album received several minor commercial tie-ups. "After the Rain" was used as the Fuji TV music show Hey! Hey! Hey! Music Champ's January to April 2004 ending theme song. "EO" was use as the TV Tokyo music show Japan Countdown's May 2004 ending theme song. "Watch Out!" was used in TV commercials for the PlayStation game "".
An English version of the song "Alive" was used as an insert song for the South Korean drama "Delightful Girl Choon-Hyang".
Ai supported the album with two tours, the 15 date "2004 Ai Club Tour" between May and August 2004, and the 10 date "2004 Ai Japan Tour" in September and October 2004. Ai also performed at the 2004 MTV Buzz Asia Concert in Seoul, South Korea, as well as the Taipei Music Festival to promote the album. Footage from the Taiwan concert, the club tour and the concert tour were compiled to create Ai's first live DVD, "Machigainai".
Critical reception.
The reviewers at CDJournal felt the album had a lot more personality than "Original Ai". (2003) They felt the album's sound did not show the "frailty" of other popular R&B acts, and noted the album's "strong beats" and the lyrics from a female viewpoint. "After the Rain" was called "bewitching," and that the song's "sticky with emotion melody wraps the song in a mellow atmosphere." The reviewers felt that Ai's "pressingly questioning" rap in "Watch Out!" showed a high level of technique.
The music videos were well received at music awards shows. At the 2004 MTV Video Music Awards Japan, "After the Rain" was nominated for the Best Buzz Asia - Japan award. Ai also received two nominations at the 2005 MTV Video Music Awards Japan, best R&B video for "EO," and best collaboration for "Watch Out." In 2005 at the Space Shower Music Video Awards, she won the best female video award for "Watch Out."
Chart performance.
The album debuted at number three in Japan, selling 36,000 copies. It became a long charting album, selling three times its first week total (113,000) over 17 weeks. At the time, this was Ai's most successful release, and it became her first release to receive a certification by the RIAJ (gold). As of 2012, it remains her fourth most commercially successful album in Japan.
Personnel.
Personnel details were sourced from "2004 Ai"'s liner notes booklet.
Managerial
Performance credits
Visuals and imagery
Technical and production

</doc>
<doc id="36808135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808135" title="Marieberg">
Marieberg

Marieberg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36808137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808137" title="Reformed Church, Boghiş">
Reformed Church, Boghiş

The Reformed Church (; ) is a church in Boghiş, Romania, built in 1674.

</doc>
<doc id="36808141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808141" title="Islam in Christmas Island">
Islam in Christmas Island

Islam in Christmas Island is the island's second largest religion, following Buddhism, and is primarily practised by the island's ethnic Malay population; the island has no current indigenous population.
The Muslim population is estimated at 25% (1997) of an overall population of 1,496 (2010), by the CIA World Factbook.
The Australian Federation of Islamic Councils includes a council for each state, as well as Australian Capital Territory, Northern Territory, and Christmas Island.
The town of Katanning, Western Australia, has a large population of Christmas Island Muslims.

</doc>
<doc id="36808147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808147" title="Bishop Lucey Park">
Bishop Lucey Park

Bishop Lucey Park is a public park in the located between Grand Parade and South Main Street in the centre of Cork in Ireland. It is one of very few green spaces in the city centre and comfortably the largest. It is often erroneously known as "The Peace Park" by locals, although this name actually refers to the area next to the River Lee at the junction of Grand Parade and South Mall where the National Monument, and the memorials to World War I and the Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombings are located.
History.
The site of Bishop Lucey Park lies within the site of the original Hiberno-Norse settlement of Cork. A portion of the old city wall was excavated during the park construction and can now be seen near the Grand Parade entrance to the park.
For almost 800 years, the location of the park was a built environment, with a variety of commercial buildings, religious buildings and schools occupying portions of the site.
In 1970, Jennings department store burnt down leaving a substantial amount of the site derelict. It was decided to create a new park on the site in time for the celebrations of the 800th anniversary of Cork being granted a charter in 1985. The new park was named in honour of the recently deceased Bishop of Cork and Ross Cornelius Lucey.
Usage.
The park is popular with city centre workers and residents as a rare example of green space in Cork City Centre and can be particularly crowded at lunch time if the weather permits people to eat al fresco.
At winter time, the park hosts the Winter Wonderland, when it is illuminated with Christmas lights in conjunction with the Christmas Market that is held on Grand Parade.
In 2011 Christchurch Lane, which had been a pedestrian lane running along the northern edge of the park was incorporated into the park.

</doc>
<doc id="36808156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808156" title="Woodwind section">
Woodwind section

The woodwind sections of orchestras and concert bands consist of woodwind instruments, and is one of the main sections of both ensembles.
They contain instruments given Hornbostel-Sachs classifications of 421 (edge-blown aerophones, commonly known generally as "flutes") and 422 (reed aerophones), but excludes 423 (brass instruments).
Orchestra.
The woodwind section of the orchestra, at its most basic, commonly consists of:
For early classical music, the clarinets may be omitted. The principal oboist is traditionally the section leader.
It may also include:
Concert band.
The woodwind section of the concert band is generally much larger than the woodwind section of the orchestra. Also, the concert band generally has a larger variety of woodwind instruments than the orchestra.
The woodwind section of the concert band commonly contains:
The section may also contain:

</doc>
<doc id="36808177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808177" title="John of Burgundy (1231–68)">
John of Burgundy (1231–68)

John of Burgundy (; 1231 – 29 September 1268) was a Count of Charolais and Lord of Bourbon. He was a younger son of Duke Hugh IV of Burgundy and his wife, Yolande of Dreux.
John married in February 1248 to Agnes (d. 1288), the heiress of Lord Archambaud IX of Bourbon from the House of Dampierre. After the death of his father-in law in 1249 John became Lord of Bourbon in right of his wife ().
John and Agnes had a daughter, Beatrice (d. 1310), who inherited possessions from both of her parents. In 1272, she married the royal Prince Robert, Count of Clermont and thereby founded the Capetian dynasty of the Bourbons.

</doc>
<doc id="36808186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808186" title="Sikhism in Niue">
Sikhism in Niue

Sikhism in Niue, according to the 2007 "Asia in the Pacific Islands: Replacing the West", consists of 20 individuals. These Sikhs arrived from India in 2006 to work in vanilla and noni agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="36808189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808189" title="Lucihormetica">
Lucihormetica

Lucihormetica is a genus of giant cockroaches from the family Blaberidae, collectively referred to as glowspot cockroaches.
Species.
13 種

</doc>
<doc id="36808196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808196" title="Jordan at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Jordan at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Jordan competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from 29 August to 9 September 2012.
Three members of the Jordanian team, two athletes and a trainer, were arrested after four females in Northern Ireland filed complaints alleging sexual assault by the men. They were released on bail after an embassy official promised they would be returned to face sexual assault charges. The three men, two powerlifters and a trainer were subsequently withdrawn from the team. One, powerlifter Omar Qaradhi, later pleaded guilty to sexual assault, and received a twelve-month suspended sentence.

</doc>
<doc id="36808224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808224" title="Woodstock Park (Portland, Oregon)">
Woodstock Park (Portland, Oregon)

Woodstock Park is a public park located in the Woodstock neighborhood of southeast Portland, Oregon, United States. Operated by Portland Parks & Recreation, the park was acquired in 1921 and measures . SE 47th Avenue and SE 50th Avenue form the west and east boundaries; Woodstock Park is bounded by SE Steele Street to the north and by SE Harold Street and Woodstock School to the south.
Amenities include an dog off-leash area, horseshoe pit, paved paths, picnic tables, a playground, public art, restroom facilities, soccer and softball fields and tennis courts. The park is open between 5 a.m. and midnight daily. The park has hosted high school softball games, movies, Woodstock School reunions, and an annual event known as "Unimproved Road". In 2012, Portland Parks & Recreation budget cuts threatened to close Woodstock Park's restroom facility and reduce daily care.

</doc>
