<doc id="36611766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36611766" title="Skënder Rizaj">
Skënder Rizaj

Skënder Rizaj (Serbian: Скендер Ризај, "Skender Rizaj") (born 1930, Peć, Kingdom of Yugoslavia) is an Albanian scholar and historian. He specialises in the Ottoman period of Balkans history.
Career.
Rizaj earned his BA in History from Skopje University in 1956 and his doctorate from Sarajevo University in 1965. He is one of the founders of the Department of History of the University of Pristina, where he taught from 1965 until he retired in 1987. He also worked as a Special Consultant for Turkish State Archives in Istanbul from 1989 to 1990. Rizaj is still active in writing and in 2010 was awarded as "Educator Emeritus" by the Kosovan government.
Fields of interest.
He has done extensive research in Turkish Archives in Istanbul, and the British Library in London. During his studies, he mastered Serbian language, Ottoman Turkish, as well as modern Turkish language and English. He has written extensively on Albanian history, with an emphasis on Kosovo. His research gave him enough scientific material to produce several books, most prominent his 1982 book "Kosovo during the 15th, 16th, and 17th centuries" in which he emphasizes that Kosovo was dominated by ethnic Albanians during and after the Middle Ages, a claim refuted by modern historiography.
He also wrote a university textbook " History of the New Era (1453-1789)", published in 1985.
Publications.
Rizaj's most notable publications include:

</doc>
<doc id="36611807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36611807" title="Feldman's Department Store">
Feldman's Department Store

Feldman's Department Store, currently known as the Teal Professional Building, is a historic commercial building in Haleyville, Winston County, Alabama. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 12, 2009.
History.
Feldman's is a two-story brick building that was completed in 1911 for John Dodd. It was the first brick building, and is the oldest surviving commercial building, in Haleyville. The building was purchased by Moses Feldman in 1914. He and his wife, Fanny Royal, were both Eastern European Jewish immigrants to the United States. They purchased Dodd's building in order to open a department store in the rapidly expanding town. The store occupied the entire first floor, with assorted professional and business offices housed on the second. The Feldmans' son Abe joined the business during the 1930s. The department store operated into the late 1990s, closing upon the death of the Feldmans' youngest son David.

</doc>
<doc id="36611810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36611810" title="Order of Saint Righteous Grand Duke Dmitry Donskoy">
Order of Saint Righteous Grand Duke Dmitry Donskoy

The Order of Saint Righteous Grand Duke Dmitry Donskoy is an award of the Russian Orthodox Church. It was created on 1 October 2004 by Patriarch Alexiy II and the Holy Synod as a means of marking courageous service to the Russian state or contributions to cooperation between the Russian Orthodox Church and the Russian Army, providing spiritual and moral support for the troops. Typical recipients are clerics, generals and veterans of the Great Patriotic War, although other persons are not barred. 
The order is awarded in three classes.

</doc>
<doc id="36611849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36611849" title="Chick-fil-A same-sex marriage controversy">
Chick-fil-A same-sex marriage controversy

American fast-food chain Chick-fil-A was the focus of controversy following a series of public comments made in June 2012 by chief operating officer Dan Cathy opposing same-sex marriage. This followed reports that Chick-fil-A's charitable endeavor, the S. Truett Cathy-family-operated WinShape Foundation, had made millions in donations to political organizations which oppose LGBT rights. LGBT rights activists called for protests and boycotts of the chain, while counter-protestors rallied in support by eating at the restaurants. National political figures both for and against the actions spoke out and some business partners severed ties with the chain.
Chick-fil-A released a statement in July 2012 stating, "Going forward, our intent is to leave the policy debate over same-sex marriage to the government and political arena." In March 2014, tax filings for 2012 showed the group stopped funding all but one organization which had been previously criticized.
Financial contributions to groups opposed to LGBT rights.
In January 2011, the media reported that the American fast food restaurant chain Chick-fil-A was co-sponsoring a marriage conference along with the Pennsylvania Family Institute (PFI), an organization that had filed an amicus brief against striking down Proposition 8 in California (see "Perry v. Brown"). PFI had also lobbied against a state effort to ban discrimination in Pennsylvania on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity. Responding on its official company Facebook page, Chick-fil-A said that support of the PFI retreat had come from a local franchisee, stating "We have determined that one of our independent restaurant operators in Pennsylvania was asked to provide sandwiches to two Art of Marriage video seminars."
The WinShape Foundation, a charitable endeavor of Chick-fil-A founder S. Truett Cathy and his family, stated it would not allow same-sex couples to participate in its marriage retreats. Chick-fil-A gave over $8 million to the WinShape Foundation in 2010. Equality Matters, an LGBT watchdog group, published reports of donations by WinShape to various anti-gay organizations, including $2 million in 2009, $1.9 million in 2010 and a total of $5 million since 2003, including grants to the Family Research Council and Georgia Family Council. WinShape has also contributed to the Fellowship of Christian Athletes, and Exodus International, an organization noted for supporting ex-gay conversion therapy.
The Marriage and Family Foundation received $994,199 in 2009 and $1,188,380 in 2010. The Family Research Council, an organization listed as an anti-gay hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center in Winter 2010, received $1000.
Tax filings for 2012 showed that Chick-fil-A created a new foundation, the Chick-fil-A Foundation, to grant to outside groups. It funded only one previous group, Fellowship of Christian Athletes. Other filings for WinShape Foundation showed no funding for groups opposed to LGBT rights.
Dan Cathy statements.
On June 16, 2012, while on the syndicated radio talk show, "The Ken Coleman Show", Chick-fil-A president and chief operating officer (COO) Dan Cathy stated: "I think we are inviting God's judgment on our nation when we shake our fist at Him and say, 'We know better than you as to what constitutes a marriage'. I pray God's mercy on our generation that has such a prideful, arrogant attitude to think that we have the audacity to define what marriage is about."
The following month, on July 2, "Biblical Recorder" published an interview with Dan Cathy, who was asked about opposition to his company's "support of the traditional family." He replied: "Well, guilty as charged." Cathy continued: 
The day after the Supreme Court of the United States struck down the Defense of Marriage Act, Dan Cathy tweeted, "Sad day for our nation; founding fathers would be ashamed of our gen. to abandon wisdom of the ages re: cornerstone of strong societies." The tweet was subsequently deleted, but was archived by Topsy.
More recently, in March 2014, Cathy admitted regret over drawing his company into the controversy.
Reaction.
The publicizing of Chick-fil-A's contributions to groups opposed to LGBT rights, reinforced by Dan Cathy's statements, spawned reactions and counter-reactions that received widespread media coverage.
Local government.
After the publication of Cathy's interviews, Thomas Menino, the Mayor of Boston, stated that he would not allow the company to open franchises in the city "unless they open up their policies.” Menino subsequently wrote a letter to Dan Cathy, citing Cathy's earlier statement on "The Ken Coleman Show" and responded: "We are indeed full of pride for our support of same sex marriage and our work to expand freedom for all people." In Chicago, alderman Proco "Joe" Moreno announced his determination to block Chick-fil-A's bid to build a second store in the city: "They'd have to do a complete 180", Moreno said in outlining conditions under which he would retract the block. "They'd have to work with LGBT groups in terms of hiring, and there would have to be a public apology from ."
Moreno received backing from Chicago's Mayor, Rahm Emanuel: "Chick-fil-A values are not Chicago values", Emanuel said in a statement. "They disrespect our fellow neighbors and residents. This would be a bad investment, since it would be empty." San Francisco soon followed suit on July 26 when mayor Edwin M. Lee tweeted, "Very disappointed #ChickFilA doesn't share San Francisco's values & strong commitment to equality for everyone." Lee followed that tweet with "Closest #ChickFilA to San Francisco is 40 miles away & I strongly recommend that they not try to come any closer."
The proposed bans in Boston and Chicago drew criticism from liberal pundits, legal experts and the American Civil Liberties Union. Kevin Drum of "Mother Jones" magazine said "really no excuse for Emanuel's and Menino's actions... you don't hand out business licenses based on whether you agree with the political views of the executives. Not in America, anyway." UCLA law professor and blogger Eugene Volokh observed, "[Denying a private business permits because of such speech by its owner is a blatant First Amendment violation." Echoing those views were Glenn Greenwald of "Salon", professor John Turley of George Washington University, Adam Schwartz, a senior attorney with the ACLU and Michael C. Dorf, the Robert S. Stevens Professor of Law at Cornell University Law School.
Backlash.
Students at several colleges and universities launched efforts to ban or remove the company's restaurants from their campuses. On November 3, 2011, the New York University Student Senators Council voted 19 to 4 to retain the Chick-fil-A franchise on campus. This vote came before a petition with over 11,000 signatures opposing its presence on campus was sent to the student council. On February 28, 2012, the Northeastern University (NU) student senate passed a resolution to cancel plans for a Chick-fil-A franchise on campus, stating that "the student body does not support bringing CFA [Chick-fil-A] to campus", and "Student concerns reflected CFA's history of donating to anti-gay organizations." The vote was 31 to 5, with 8 abstaining. The restaurant chain was finalizing a contract to bring it to NU when students protested. Davidson College in North Carolina announced on August 13, 2011 that, in response to a petition which received 500 signatures, the school will stop serving Chick-fil-A on campus at the monthly After Midnight events.
Other forms of protest occurred. Gay rights activists organized a "Kiss Off" to occur on August 3, an event where LGBT individuals would show affection in public, but it attracted smaller-than-hoped-for crowds.
On August 15, 2012, a gunman attempted to enter the Washington, D.C. headquarters of the Family Research Council, carrying 15 Chick-fil-A sandwiches, a 9 mm handgun and a box of ammunition. He shot a security guard in the left arm, and following his arrest he told police that he wanted to use the sandwiches to "make a statement against the people who work in that building ... and with their stance against gay rights and Chick-fil-A", and that he planned "to kill as many people as I could ... then smear a Chicken-fil-A sandwich on their face".
Corporate partners.
In response to the July 2 interview, the Jim Henson Company, which had entered its "Pajanimals" in a kids' meal toy licensing arrangement in 2011, said that it would cease its business relationship with Chick-fil-A, and donate payment for the brand to Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD). Citing safety concerns, Chick-fil-A stopped distributing the toys. A spokeswoman stated the decision had been made July 19 and was unrelated to the controversy.
In August 2012, progressive groups delivered petitions with over 80,000 signatures to publisher HarperCollins demanding that the publisher cut plans to include "Berenstain Bears" titles as part of a kids' meal promotion. Upon being presented with petitions demanding that Berenstain Bears be pulled from a Chick-fil-A promotion, HarperCollins issued a statement saying "We have a long history of diversity and inclusiveness and work tirelessly to protect the freedom of expression. It is not our practice to cancel a contract with an author, or any other party, for exercising their first amendment rights."
Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day.
In response to the controversy, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee initiated a Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day movement to counter a boycott of Chick-fil-A launched by same-sex marriage activists. More than 600,000 people RSVPed on Facebook for Huckabee's appreciation event.
On August 1, Chick-fil-A restaurants experienced a large show of public support across the nation with the company reporting record-breaking sales. A consulting firm projected that the average Chick-fil-A restaurant increased sales by 29.9 percent and had 367 more customers than a typical Wednesday.
Public poll.
"USA Today" conducted a poll asking, "What's your reaction to recent anti-gay comments made by the president of Chick-fil-A?" 53% said they are boycotting, 43% said they would continue to eat their food and 5% were undecided. In August 2012 Rasmussen Reports published the results of a telephone survey indicating that 61 percent of likely voters held a favorable view of Chick-fil-A, while 13 percent indicated they would participate in a boycott.
Other reactions.
Other notable public figures have come to Chick-fil-A's defense including former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin, former US Senator Rick Santorum, and Ann Coulter; while others, such as New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, and the American Civil Liberties Union have not condoned Dan Cathy's views on marriage but have defended his right to express them.
Financial impact.
Sales soared following the controversy. Sales increased "12 percent, to $4.6 billion, in 2012. The good fortune follows several years of impressive expansion and strong sales, which have pushed the privately held company's valuation north of $4.5 billion, making billionaires out of its founders." "These latest sales data are just further proof that all that negative coverage didn't hurt demand for chicken sandwiches among Chick-fil-A's core consumers." 
Policy change.
In September 2012, The Civil Rights Agenda (TCRA) announced that Chick-fil-A has "ceased donating to organizations that promote discrimination, specifically against LGBT civil rights." According to the TCRA, Chick-fil-A officials stated in an internal document that they "will treat every person equally, regardless of sexual orientation." In a letter from Chick-fil-A's Senior Director of Real Estate, the company states, "The WinShape Foundations is now taking a much closer look at the organizations it considers helping, and in that process will remain true to its stated philosophy of not supporting organizations with political agendas."
According to Chicago Alderman Proco "Joe" Moreno, Chick-fil-A has a statement of respect for all sexual orientations in an internal document called "Chick-fil-A: Who We Are" and has promised that its not-for-profit arm, WinShape, would not contribute money to groups that oppose gay marriage.
According to Focus on the Family web site, "CitizenLink.com", "Chick-fil-A and its charitable-giving arm, the WinShape Foundation, did not agree to stop making donations to groups that support the biblical definition of marriage in exchange for being allowed to open a franchise in Chicago." Mike Huckabee stated that he "talked earlier today personally with Dan Cathy, CEO of Chick Fil-A about the new reports that Chick Fil-A had capitulated to demands of the supporters of same sex marriage. This is not true. The company continues to focus on the fair treatment of all of its customers and employees, but to end confusion gave me this statement." The statement provided by Chick-fil-A was posted on Huckabee's website.
In March 2014, new tax filings from 2012 showed Chick-fil-A stopped funding all but one organization which had been previously criticized. The company also created a new foundation, the Chick-fil-A Foundation, to fund outside groups. WinShape Foundation's 2012 tax filings showed funding only for its own programs, a Berry College scholarship fund and Lars WinShape, a home for needy children in Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36611853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36611853" title="Beehive Radio">
Beehive Radio

Beehive Radio (; Vityou Sambok Khmum) is a Cambodian radio station in Phnom Penh, owned and operated by independent journalist Mam Sonando. It broadcasts on 105 FM. The Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) described it in 2012 as "one of Cambodia's few independent news outlets".
Programming.
In 2012, Human Rights Watch described Beehive Radio as "a key platform for promotion of human rights and democracy in Cambodia". The station is one of the few to address controversial topics, including "Cambodian civil society, the fight against HIV/AIDS, maternal mortality and human trafficking, campaigns for women’s rights and gender equality, political and economic transparency, equitable and sustainable development, labor rights, environmental protection, the rule of law, and electoral education and election monitoring." It also carries programming by Radio Free Asia, Voice of America, and the Cambodian Center for Human Rights.
History.
In 1995, Mam Sonando, a French-Cambodian dual citizen, returned to Cambodia and acquired a broadcasting license for a new station that he named Beehive Radio. It began broadcasting on August 6, 1996. He used the station to advertise a new political party, the Beehive Democratic Society Party, and stood in the 1998 general election. According to the "Asia Times", his campaign only won him "a reputation as an eccentric, spouting Buddhist philosophy, pleas for democracy and a personal campaign for attention." After failing to be elected, Sonando dissolved his party, but continued broadcasting on Beehive Radio as an independent journalist.
As of 2012, Sonando had been arrested three times on charges related to the station's broadcasts. In 2003, during the Phnom Penh riots, a caller to Beehive Radio claimed incorrectly that Cambodian embassy officials were killed in Bangkok. On 31 January, Sonando was arrested and accused of "relaying false information", "inciting discrimination", and "inciting crime". He stated to reporters, "They blame me for broadcasting an opinion of a listener which turned out to be untrue. But if I have to go to jail to allow people to express their opinion I am happy." He was released on bail on 11 February and never brought to trial.
Sonando was arrested again on 11 October 2005 after reporting on Prime Minister Hun Sen's treaty with Vietnam settling the two nations' border dispute; the report included a discussion with a French-based expert who criticized Hun Sen's concessions. Sonando was charged with "criminal defamation", "disseminating false information", and "incitement". In January 2006, the charges against him were dropped in what Prime Minister Hun Sen described as "a gift" to visiting US Assistant Secretary of State Christopher R. Hill.
On 15 July 2012, he was arrested again and accused of involvement with protests against evictions for a new rubber plant in Kratié Province. Authorities charged him with "insurrection" and "inciting people to take up weapons against state".
The arrest quickly generated domestic and international criticism. A coalition of 22 Cambodian rights groups called the Cambodian Human Rights Action Committee called on the government to free Sonando "to save the country's reputation". Members of Beehive Radio and the Association of Democrats protested in front of Phnom Penh's royal palace on 23 July. CPJ called for his immediate release, stating that Hun Sen had "a well-worn history of leveling unsubstantiated anti-state charges against journalists to stifle criticism of the administration." Human Rights Watch said that "Sonando's arrest on the heels of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's visit is a brazen signal that Hun Sen thinks that the US wants his cooperation on other matters so much that he isn't afraid to lower the boom on his critics". Amnesty International named Sonando a prisoner of conscience, "held for the peaceful exercise of his right to freedom of expression".

</doc>
<doc id="36611861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36611861" title="Dys4ia">
Dys4ia

Dys4ia is an abstract, autobiographical, Adobe Flash video game that Anna Anthropy, alternatively Auntie Pixelante, developed to recount her experiences of gender identity disorder and hormone replacement therapy. Touching on the 'frustrations' in taking estrogen and transitioning from her natal sex to correspond with her gender, the game documents a six-month period in her treatment via a succession of mini-games that reflect on gender politics, identity, and personal development. While discussing the concept with the "Penny Arcade Report", Anna Anthropy remarked that:
Reception.
After debuting at a Toronto-based art game convention between 21 and 23 February 2012, "Dys4ia" subsequently appeared on the social media website Newgrounds on 9 March 2012, and achieved a First Place 'Daily Feature'. Despite the absence of formal reviews among video game journalists, "Dys4ia" received praise from various sources for the mechanics, conceptual artwork, and metaphors. Among conventional media outlets, "The Guardian"'s Will Freeman commented that "Dys4ia" offered 'a touching and witty insight into an experience many may never even consider in detail'. In response to the mechanics of "Dys4ia", Freeman suggested that the game 'does much to prove the power of games to communicate complex concepts through playful interactions'. On the UK gaming blog "Rock, Paper, Shotgun", journalist Adam Smith found the content 'uncomfortable' and inherently private, yet nevertheless 'informative and moving'. Regarding the artistic merits of "Dys4ia", Smith remarked that the limited visuals were 'effective communicators of extreme discomfort' and that Liz Ryerson's soundtrack to the game deserved special mention.

</doc>
<doc id="36611870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36611870" title="Antonio Contri">
Antonio Contri

Antonio Contri (died September 10, 1731) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, mainly active in Ferrara.
Biography.
Born in Ferrara to a prominent family of lawyers, As a young man in search of a career, he traveled from Rome to Paris in 1701. In Paris, he came under the patronage of a nobleman by the name of Bernardino Macchi of Cremona, and traveled with him to Cremona where he met the landscape painter Francesco Bassi. More important than his painting, he is claimed by Luigi Lanzi to have discovered the method to transferring wood paintings to canvas. His son Francesco Contri was also a painter.

</doc>
<doc id="36611874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36611874" title="Weaver of Dreams">
Weaver of Dreams

Weaver of Dreams is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1960 and 1961 and originally released on the Columbia label. The album features Burrell's vocal talents as well as his guitar playing.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars.
Track listing.
"All compositions by Kenny Burrell except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36611876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36611876" title="Junior Sánchez">
Junior Sánchez

Junior Antonio Sánchez Rivero (born 1 June 1989 in Barquisimeto, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan weightlifter. He competed in the 69 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and finished fifth. Sánchez won the silver medal in the 69kg event of the 2011 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36611884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36611884" title="Dionisio Laurerio">
Dionisio Laurerio

Dionisio Laurerio (1497–1542) (also known as fra Dionisio di Benevento and as the Cardinal of San Marcello) was an Italian Roman Catholic cleric who was the superior general of the Servite Order from 1535 to 1542, a cardinal from 1539, and a bishop from 1540.
Biography.
Early years, 1497–1535.
Dionisio Laurerio was born in Benevento in 1497. He was from a little-known family with links to the Pedicini family, a local patrician family. Both of his parents were originally from Florence.
He entered the Servite Order at a young age and was educated by his order. He obtained a doctorate in 1521. After he was ordained as a priest, he became a lector of philosophy, metaphysics, mathematics, and theology at the University of Perugia and the University of Bologna from 1526 to 1529, then at the Sapienza University of Rome.
At a chapter of the Servite Order held in Cesena on May 18, 1528, he was elected procurator of the order.
In 1534, Henry VIII of England made Laurerio his minister to Pope Clement VII, replacing Thomas Cranmer. Laurerio traveled to London to deal with urgent religious matters in the Kingdom of England.
At that time, he developed a friendship with Cardinal Alessandro Farnese, the future Pope Paul III, who he probably already knew from Benevento, and who made Laurerio his theologian "in sacris". Laurerio also developed friendships with humanist Jacopo Sannazzaro and Cardinals Reginald Pole and Jacopo Sadoleto.
Early years as Superior General of the Servite Order, 1535–39.
Pope Paul III made Laurerio vicar general of the Servite Order on January 22, 1535. On April 27, 1535, at a chapter celebrated in Bologna, the Servite Order elected him to be its superior general. He resigned this post in May 1542. While he was superior general, the pope gave him the ability to found, visit, and reform any monasteries of his order.
On October 23, 1536, the pope named him his nuncio to James V of Scotland, tasking him with reporting on the desirability of holding an ecumenical council, and also giving him the powers of a legate "a latere" to visit and reform institutions in the Kingdom of Scotland to prevent them from joining Henry VIII of England in breaking with Rome. Laurerio met James in Paris on January 27, 1537 and probably never actually visited Scotland. He convinced the king to support an ecumenical council but was unable to convince the cloistered of the Kingdom of France to agree.
In fall 1537, he was back in Rome where he participated in discussions on reforming the Apostolic Dataria.
Cardinal, 1539–42.
Pope Paul III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of December 19, 1539. He received the red hat on December 22, 1539, and the titular church of San Marcello al Corso on January 28, 1540.
On February 13, 1540, he was elected Bishop of Urbino. He took possession of the see on March 3, 1540. In early August 1540, he accompanied the pope to Lucca to meet Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor to discuss convening an ecumenical council in Vicenza.
In poor health, he then went to rest in convents in Pistoia, Prato, and then Florence for a few months. He also acted as nuncio to Cosimo de' Medici during this period. He also played a crucial role in restoring the baths of Bagni San Filippo. He also stopped in Urbino to begin the canonization process for the Servite Girolamo Ranuzzi, installing his relics in that city. On August 27, 1540, the pope tasked him and Cardinals Gasparo Contarini and Gian Pietro Carafa with studying proposals to reform the Apostolic Penitentiary; this commission met sporadically.
In spring 1541, the pope despatched Cardinal Laurerio to Modena as pontifical inquisitor delegate for the process against writer Giovanni Bertario. Bertario had been excommunicated "in absentia"; together with Cardinal Alessandro Farnese, Cardinal Laurerio had this sentence reduced, ordering Bertario to recant his allegedly heretical statements.
In the consistory of May 27, 1541, Cardinal Gasparo Contarini presented a proposal for reconciliation with the Protestants, supported by Cardinal Alvise Priuli. Cardinal Laurerio vehemently opposed this proposal.
Resigning as superior general of the Servite Order in May 1542, he convoked a general chapter of the order in spring 1542, which saw him replaced by Agostino Bonucci.
When, on July 21, 1542, Pope Paul III issued the papal bull "Licet ab initio" reorganizing the Roman Inquisition, Laurerio was named one of the six cardinal inquisitors of the reformed Inquisition.
On August 11, 1542, the pope named him papal legate in Benevento and provisor of the Campagne and Maritime Province.
He died in Rome on September 17, 1542 after a brief illness. He was buried in his titular church of San Marcello al Corso.

</doc>
<doc id="36611896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36611896" title="Doyler Sánchez">
Doyler Sánchez

Doyler Eustoquio Sánchez Guerrero (born 12 October 1988 in Cúcuta, Colombia) is a Colombian weightlifter. He competed in the 69 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and finished 14th. Sánchez won the bronze in the 69kg event of the 2011 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36611905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36611905" title="Baldhill Dam">
Baldhill Dam

Baldhill Dam is a dam in Barnes County, North Dakota, about 10 miles north-northwest of Valley City in the eastern part of the state.
The earthen and concrete dam was constructed in 1951 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers with three tainter gates, a height of 60 feet, and 1800 feet in length at its crest. It impounds the Sheyenne River for irrigation water storage and for flood control. The dam is owned and operated by the Corps of Engineers. 
The reservoir it creates, Lake Ashtabula, is a riverine lake oriented north to south, about 27 miles long. The name "Ashtabula" is a Native American word meaning "Fish River." It has a water surface area of 5234 acres, a maximum capacity of 156,000 acre-feet, and normal storage of 69,500 acre-feet. Popular for recreation, Lake Ashtabula contains walleye, northern pike, white bass, yellow perch and black bullheads. The Corps of Engineers maintains seven recreation areas around the lake. 

</doc>
<doc id="36611928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36611928" title="First Lady of Peru">
First Lady of Peru

The First Lady of Peru is the title held by the wife of the President of Peru. The current Peruvian First Lady is Nadine Heredia, wife of President Ollanta Humala.

</doc>
<doc id="36611955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36611955" title="The Deadly Camp">
The Deadly Camp

The Deadly Camp (Shan gou 1999) is a 1999 horror film written and directed by Bowie Lau, and co-written by Kenneth Hau Wai Lai.
Plot.
On a secluded island, Hwa and his girlfriend are killed by a chainsaw-wielding man covered in bandages. Later, three couples (Professor and Linda, Ken and Winnie, and Soldier and Be Be) travel to the same location by boat, planning on camping out on the island for three days. To ensure they are not disturbed, Soldier collects everyone's cell phones and hides them, though as he leaves the hiding spot someone takes the phones. That night, the sextet run into a group of four lead by Boar, who claims to be a prophylactic salesman (in actually, he and his associates are smugglers looking for Hwa). Boar's henchmen, Pervert and Blowie, wander off to urinate, and accidentally pee on and set fire to a deformed boy they encounter. Pervert and Blowie run off, and the boy returns home, where he is tended to by his father, the bandaged man.
In the afternoon of the next day, Pervert is captured by the boy and his father, who dismember him with a chainsaw. Blowie tells Boar that he thinks something has happened to Pervert, but is ignored. While Pervert goes to hang out with the couples, Boar and his wife Mi Mi are captured by the bandaged man, who takes them to his home. In attempt to barter for his freedom, Boar tries to teach the man's son how to "screw" Mi Mi, but she enrages the man into killing her when she knocks the boy away. Boar escapes the house, but triggers a tripwire on his way out, and is impaled by punji sticks.
While going to wash dishes, Linda and Be Be find Boar's body, and the latter is captured by the bandaged man. After Linda tells the others what happened, Soldier goes off to find Be Be, eventually stumbling onto the killer's lair, where he is killed with his own knife. The next to die is Blowie, who goes off alone to find a cell phone he and Pervert had earlier lost. The killer gives chase to the other campers, but loses them, so he returns home, and decapitates Be Be when she rejects his son's advances.
When a fight breaks out between the remaining campers, they become separated, and Winnie and Linda are captured. Professor and Ken find the killer's home by following his oblivious son, and rescue the girls by taking the son hostage. As the group is escaping, Professor triggers the reset punji sticks, and he and the son are killed by them. The next day, Ken and the two girls lure the killer into a trap they have set, a snare which swings him into tent spikes embedded in a tree. As the trio celebrate their victory, the killer's previously unseen wife appears, and slices Linda's neck open with her husband's dropped chainsaw. The wife chases Ken to a cliff, which he knocks her off of.
With every member of the deranged family apparently dead, Ken and Winnie go back to their campsite, just as their boat arrives. After Ken and Winnie board the boat, the wife's hand shoots out of the water, and grabs the side of it.
Reception.
Beyond Hollywood wrote that "The Deadly Camp" was an enjoyable film with interesting villains, amusing characters and a plot that, while generic and clichéd, was refreshingly lacking in the pretension found in most post-"Scream" slasher films. A score of three out of five was given by Hysteria Lives!, which said that while the film may have had a clichéd plot, it was still "a lot of dumb fun" with a formidable antagonist, nice cinematography, fast and frenetic action, and some genuinely tense moments.
Monster Hunter criticized the film for its weak story, lack of characterization, disappointing bloodshed and bad actors, writing that "Other than the fact that this is a product of Hong Kong, "The Deadly Camp" is a fairly typical slasher movie, and while not the worst one you've ever seen, it's nowhere near what you'd call good." So Good Reviews also responded negatively to the film, deadpanning that it had "crappy actors performing crappy characters under crappy direction" and extremely poor gore effects. Another critical review was given by Soiled Sinema, which said "The Deadly Camp" "doesn't demonstrate aptness in any category" and suffered from annoying characters and a nonsensical plot.

</doc>
<doc id="36611964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36611964" title="Toafitu Perive">
Toafitu Perive

Toafitu Perive (born 7 January 1985) is a Samoan weightlifter competing in the 77 kg category. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics finishing at #11.

</doc>
<doc id="36611972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36611972" title="Kirill Pavlov (weightlifter)">
Kirill Pavlov (weightlifter)

Kirill Pavlov (born 13 September 1986 in Almaty, Kazakhstan) is Kazakhstani weightlifter competing in the 77 kg category. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics and finished 9th. He won the silver medal at the 2010 Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36611978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36611978" title="List of First Ladies of Guatemala">
List of First Ladies of Guatemala

The First Lady of Guatemala is the title held by the wife of the President of Guatemala. The current Guatemalan First Lady is Rosa Leal de Pérez, wife of President Otto Pérez Molina, since 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36611987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36611987" title="Krzysztof Zwarycz">
Krzysztof Zwarycz

Krzysztof Maciej Zwarycz (born 13 December 1990 in Gdynia, Poland) is a Polish weightlifter competing in the 77 kg category. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36611999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36611999" title="Marcus Stroman">
Marcus Stroman

Marcus Earl Stroman (born May 1, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Toronto Blue Jays of Major League Baseball.
Career.
Stroman attended Duke University, where he played college baseball for the Duke Blue Devils baseball team, where he compiled a career record of 15-13 in 48 appearances, and holds the Duke record for career strikeouts (290 over 222.0 innings). Stroman was also a position player for Duke, making 97 appearances, 83 of them as a starter.
Billed by analysts as the most major league ready player available in the 2012 Major League Baseball Draft Stroman was drafted by the Jays with the 22nd overall pick. After starting his professional career with the Short Season Single A Vancouver Canadians, the Blue Jays promoted Stroman to the Double A New Hampshire Fisher Cats on August 1, 2012.
Stroman was suspended for 50 games on August 28, 2012, for testing positive for methylhexanamine, a banned stimulant.
Having completed his suspension, Stroman started and pitched five scoreless innings to get the win in the May 19, 2013 game for the Fisher Cats. On July 2, 2013, Stroman struck out 13 batters over 6 innings in a 3–1 loss to the New Britain Rock Cats. Stroman was ranked as the number 3 prospect in the Blue Jays organization on July 26, 2013, when the revised Top 100 Prospects list was released.
Stroman attended the Blue Jays' 2014 major league spring training camp, and was assigned to the minor league camp on March 19. He was the opening day starting pitcher for the Triple-A Buffalo Bisons. 
Stroman was called up to the Blue Jays on May 3, after Brandon Morrow was transferred to the 60-day disabled list. At the time of his call-up, he was considered the organization's number 2 prospect. He earned his first MLB victory on May 6, pitching 1 innings in relief of Drew Hutchison. He was optioned back to Triple-A Buffalo on May 18, and was recalled on May 30 to make his first Major League start the following day. Stroman pitched 6 innings and surrendered only 1 earned run on 5 hits, striking out 6 and issuing no walks to earn the win over the Kansas City Royals.
Personal.
Stroman's parents are Earl Stroman and Adlin Auffant, who divorced when he was in Grade 5. He has a brother, Jayden, and sister, Sabria. His father is a police detective in New York. Marcus has several tattoos, including a large tribute on his left shoulder to his grandmother, Gloria Major, who would regularly attend his high school games and died while he was attending Duke University.

</doc>
<doc id="36612005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612005" title="Andrés Mata (weightlifter)">
Andrés Mata (weightlifter)

Andrés Eduardo Mata Pérez (born 11 November 1992, in Valencia, Carabobo, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan-born Spanish weightlifter competing in the 77 kg category. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36612010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612010" title="Ibrahim Ramadan">
Ibrahim Ramadan

Ibrahim Ramadan Ibrahim (born 6 February 1988 in Egypt) is an Egyptian weightlifter competing in the 77 kg category. He placed fifth at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36612013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612013" title="2004–05 Real Betis season">
2004–05 Real Betis season

Season summary.
Betis finished fourth, qualifying for the Champions League for the first time in their history. They also won the Copa del Rey.

</doc>
<doc id="36612014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612014" title="2012–13 Duquesne Dukes men's basketball team">
2012–13 Duquesne Dukes men's basketball team

The 2012–13 Duquesne Dukes men's basketball team represented Duquesne University during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Dukes, led by first year head coach Jim Ferry, played their home games at the A. J. Palumbo Center and the CONSOL Energy Center and were members of the Atlantic 10 Conference. They finished the season 8–22, 1–15 in A-10 play to finish in last place. They failed to qualify for the Atlantic 10 Tournament.
Schedule.
!colspan=12| Exhibition
!colspan=12| Regular Season

</doc>
<doc id="36612015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612015" title="Chatuphum Chinnawong">
Chatuphum Chinnawong

Chatuphum Chinnawong (Thai: จตุภูมิ ชินวงศ์; born 19 July 1993 in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand) is a Thai weightlifter competing in the 77 kg category. He finished fourth at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36612061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612061" title="Jimmy Santos (actor)">
Jimmy Santos (actor)

Jimmy Santos (born on October 8, 1951) is a Filipino actor, comedian, TV host and a former Professional Basketball Player.
Basketball Career.
Before he entered showbiz, he became one of the "starting five" players of Jose Rizal College Heavy Bombers in which they had won a 1972 NCAA Championship together with Philip Cezar and David Cezar.
Santos Played also in the PBA for Gilbey's Gin Tonics
Showbiz Career.
Santos started in the 1970s in the Philippine television series "Iskul Bukol" and in the film "Little Christmas Tree". He became antagonists in his movies and later became a regular host in the noon-time television variety show "Eat Bulaga!".
On 2011, Santos started doing projects on ABS-CBN and Star Cinema films "The Unkabogable Praybeyt Benjamin" the highest-grossing Filipino film of all time.
Personal life.
He finished Banking and Finance at the Jose Rizal College.

</doc>
<doc id="36612069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612069" title="Chanatip Sonkham">
Chanatip Sonkham

Chanatip Sonkham or Chanapa Sonkham (Thai: ชนาธิป ซ้อนขำ; born 1 March 1991) is a female Thai taekwondo practitioner who was the bronze medalist at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the under 49 kg weight class. Sonkham also won bronze medals at the 2010 Asian Games and at the Asian Taekwondo Championships in 2010 and 2012. She won the gold medal at the 2013 World Championship

</doc>
<doc id="36612074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612074" title="Saudi Electronic University">
Saudi Electronic University

The Saudi Electronic University (), is a Saudi Arabian online university that grants both undergraduate and graduate degrees. It was established by royal decree on 8 October 2011 to provide combined distance and regular education that addresses the needs of the country's labor market.
History.
On October 8, 2011, King Abdullah Bin Abdulaziz issued a royal decree to establish the "Saudi Electronic University" (SEU). This university will use the distance education methods to offer both graduate and undergraduate degrees. The system of the SEU was built collaboratively with: University of Phoenix, Walden University, Capella University, eCampus Ohio University, Franklin University, and Indira Gandhi National Open University.

</doc>
<doc id="36612075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612075" title="Mandagere Subbarao Krishnamurthy">
Mandagere Subbarao Krishnamurthy

Mandagere Subbarao Krishnamurthy (born June 16, 1931), known by the pen name Indiresh or Ma Su Krishnamurthy, is a Kannada writer and Hindi writer.
He was conferred the Tamra Patra award by former President of India, Shankar Dayal Sharma in recognition of his literary work in Hindi.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Krishnamurthy was born in Mandagere, of Mandya district in Karnataka State to a native Kannada family. His education began in Mandagere. He moved to Mysore for further studies and completed his Master of Arts (M.A.) in Kannada from Mysore University in 1958. He continued his studies in Banaras Hindu University and earned his M.A. in Hindi in 1962. He then moved to Mysore to pursue further studies and earned his PhD in Hindi from Mysore University in 1966. He currently lives in Mysore with his wife Indira Krishnamurthy.
Career.
Krishnamurthy began his academic career as a lecturer in Hindi at National College, Bangalore in 1967. He then moved to Mysore University and joined the Hindi Department. He served as a professor of Hindi and retired as the Head of the Hindi Department in the year 1991. He also served as the Hindi Advisory board member in the Health and Family Welfare Ministry in the Indian Government from 1988 to 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="36612076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612076" title="Pitaya Tibnoke">
Pitaya Tibnoke

Pitaya Tibnoke (Thai: พิทยา ตีบนอก; born 21 September 1989 in Surin, Thailand) is a weightlifter competing in the 85 kg category. He placed 12th at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36612078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612078" title="List of largest cities and towns in Tennessee by population">
List of largest cities and towns in Tennessee by population

This is a list of the 27 largest incorporated cities and towns in the U.S. State of Tennessee ranked by population, based on the reported results of the United States Census 2012 estimates.
Note: These are the actual incorporated areas of the listed cities, as opposed to metropolitan areas, urban areas, or counties, and will therefore differ from other available population listings.

</doc>
<doc id="36612080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612080" title="Cablevision (Mexico)">
Cablevision (Mexico)

"This is about the Mexican cable television system operator for other uses please see Cablevision (disambiguation)
Cablevisión, S.A. de C.V. is a telecommunications operator owned by Grupo Televisa based in Mexico City. It was the first pay TV operator to offer Triple play (telecommunications) in Mexico City. It currently offers: Cable TV, Broadband Internet, Telephone, HDTV and TiVo (One official distributor in Mexico).

</doc>
<doc id="36612090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612090" title="Robert Barbour Johnson">
Robert Barbour Johnson

Robert Barbour Johnson (1907-1987) was an artist and writer of weird fiction, whose stories were admired by H.P. Lovecraft. Johnson wrote "Far Below" (1939), voted in 1953 by readers as the best story ever published in "Weird Tales" magazine. This story is still well regarded, and continues to be regularly anthologized in major collections such as "The Weird" (2010) and "The Century's Best Horror Fiction" (2012).
Life.
Johnson was born to a railroad family. In his youth he took a journalism course, and worked for a while on "The New Orleans Item". At this time he appears to have also started writing detective and horror stories published under pseudonyms. In the 1920s he also became a press agent for a traveling circus, and in this way he discovered a facility for training animals. He could even train cats (his own cat performed on stage at the 1956 West Coast Science Fiction Conference). In the 1920s he became involved with the circus life in New York, but as the Great Depression hit America he found the winter in New York hard to bear.
He relocated to San Francisco around 1930, attracted by the more hospitable climate and by the artistic and literary communities there. He appears to have been a lifelong bachelor, and always called himself an "outsider". In San Francisco he moved in literary circles and was friends with the fantasy author Clark Ashton Smith and his wife, and also with the Satanist Anton LaVey and the pioneering cryptozoologist George F. Haas. In the late 1940s he also joined the San Francisco branch of the Fortean Society.
Johnson published weird fiction stories in the heyday of "Weird Tales" magazine, such as: "They"; "Lead Soldiers"; and "Mice". H.P. Lovecraft wrote him a fan letter after reading his "Lead Soldiers". Johnson repaid the complement by including Lovecraft as a character in "Far Below".
Later stories included "Lupa" and "The Strange Case of Monica Lilith". He also wrote for magazines such as "Mystic", "Short Story", "Short Story for Men", and "The Magazine of Horror". In his guide book "The Magic Park" (Century Press, 1940) he wrote about the Golden Gate Park - this work was partly a guidebook and partly an unconventional creative work about the nature and what one might term the "enchanted topography" of the park.
During World War II he served in the artillery in the 1952th Service Command Unit. After the war ended he remained in San Francisco, and turned to more mainstream fiction under contract to "Blue Book" - providing them with six long circus stories per year. He published articles in the fantasy and science-fiction fanzines during the 1950s, and then returned to weird fiction in 1964 with "The Life-After-Death of Thaddeus Warde".
Far Below (1939).
Johnson's father worked his way up to become part of the railroad's undercover police service, a fact echoed in the setting of Barbour's most famous story "Far Below". The story is set in the deepest of the New York subway tunnels, but Johnson states in a memoir that he took the inspiration for the setting from the Forest Hill Tunnel in San Francisco. The other clear inspiration for this story is the H.P. Lovecraft story "Pickman's Model" (1926), which features a painting of ghouls invading a subway station.
Painting.
Johnson was also a skilled gouache painter, and sold circus paintings to help cover his living expenses. His paintings were included in the Golden Gate International Exposition. He also made scale models, and supplied the shop window-dressing trade.

</doc>
<doc id="36612104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612104" title="Okeus">
Okeus

Okeus (also known as Okee) was a malevolent god in the mythology of the Powhatan tribe of Virginia, the evil counterpart of the god Ahone. He was labelled as the devil by European colonists and missionaries. Okeus was believed to be a wrathful god who required propitiation. Temples devoted to Okeus were known as Quioccosan.

</doc>
<doc id="36612115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612115" title="Fatty Girl">
Fatty Girl

"Fatty Girl" is a collaborative single by rappers Ludacris, LL Cool J and Keith Murray. The song was produced by the Trackmasters and was released as the lead single from the FUBU compilation "The Good Life". The music video was directed by Hype Williams.
The song became a minor hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100, peaking at number 87. It found more success on the Hot Rap Singles, reaching number six.

</doc>
<doc id="36612118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612118" title="Buck Pressly">
Buck Pressly

William Lowry Pressly, nicknamed Buck, was a longtime baseball figure and recognized doctor.
Personal life.
Pressly was born in Due West, South Carolina, USA and died there on September 27, 1954. His father was a professor of Greek and Latin at Erskine College. He attended Erskine College and Emory College. He is in the Erskine College Hall of Fame.
Baseball career.
Playing career.
Pressly played from 1908 to 1914, in 1916 and for one game in 1922. The first basemen spent most of his playing career with the Roanoke Tigers, though he also suited up for the Norfolk Tars and Greenville Spinners. In 1910, he fielded 1.000 for the Tigers and in his lone 1922 game, he collected one hit in one at-bat.
As coach, manager and executive.
He initially managed the Tigers in 1912 and 1913 and then the Tars for a couple years, winning pennants in 1912 and 1914. Following 1914, he left baseball to become a doctor, but later returned to the sport.
He was the head coach of the Erskine College baseball. He assumed the role of Greenville Spinners manager in late 1921.
He later served as president of the Carolina League.
Post-playing career.
Pressly later became a well-known family doctor. He was named the 1948 family doctor of the year by earning the General Practitioner Award from the American Medical Association. He also served as President of the South Carolina Medical Association.
Surname variations.
His surname has also been spelled "Pressley".

</doc>
<doc id="36612128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612128" title="Gwen Wetzler">
Gwen Wetzler

Gwen Wetzler is an American producer, director and animator and is best known as the first woman to produce and direct animation for a major network.
Early years.
At a young age while growing up in Erie, Pennsylvania, Gwen Wetzler found her love of art. During high school Wetzler would paint signs for local businesses because of her artistic ability and steady hand. In the early 1950s Gwen was married and moved from Pennsylvania to suburban Los Angeles. In 1955 she started in the animation business at Disney as an inbetween animator on such classics as Sleeping Beauty and Lady and the Tramp.
Career.
In 1977, after 20 years at Disney, Wetzler became the first woman to direct and produce animation at major studios including MGM, Warner Bros. and the Hanna-Barbera Studios.
Wetzler's directorial debut was on Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids which led to further projects. Other directed titles include The Transformers, The New Adventures of Batman, My Little Pony, The New Archie/Sabrina Hour, Flash Gordon and Sport Billy among others. Her later directorial work included He-Man and the Masters of the Universe, She-Ra, Spawn, Tiny Toon Adventures, and .
In the 1980s, Wetzler became the first woman to produce animation for a major studio; she produced The Transformers, Jem, and The Legend of Prince Valiant.
Along with directing, producing, and antimating series, Wetzler also worked on feature full-length feature films such as Mighty Mouse.
Gwen Wetzler retired from the animation industry in the early 2000s, giving her time to focus primarily on her artwork.
Selected filmography.
Films.
Alvin and the Chipmunks Meet the Wolfman (2000)
Role: Animation Timing Director
The Sissy Duckling (1999)
Role: Timing Director
An All Dogs Christmas Carol (1998)
Role: Timing and Sheet Director
Role: Timing Director
My Little Pony (1986)
Role: Animation Director
Skeletor's Revenge (1986)
Role: Director - Segment - The Cat and the Spider
The Secret of the Sword (1985)
Role: Director
We Think the World is Round (1984)
Role: Animator
Mighty Mouse in the Great Space Chase (1983)
Role: Director
A Snow White Christmas (1982)
Role: Animator
Television.
Dragon Tales (2002)
Role: Other
Henny Penny: An Animated Special From "The Happily Ever After: Fairy Tales For Every Child" Series (2000)
Role: Other
Rip Van Winkle: An Animated Special From the "Happily Ever After: Fairy Tales For Every Child" Series (2000)
Role: Other
Robinita Hood: An Animated Special From the "Happily Ever After: Fairy Tales For Every Child" Series (2000)
Role: Other
Sissy Duckling (2000)
Role: Other
Frog Princess: An Animated Special From the "Happily Ever After: Fairy Tales For Every Child" Series (2000)
Role: Other
Happy Prince: An Animated Special From "The Happily Ever After: Fairy Tales For Every Child" Series (2000)
Role: Other
Empress's Nightingale: An Animated Special From "The Happily Ever After: Fairy Tales For Every Child" Series (2000)
Role: Other
Three Little Pigs: From the Series "Happily Ever After: Fairy Tales For Every Child" (1999)
Role: Other
The Lionhearts (1999)
Role: Animator
Todd McFarlane's Spawn (1999)
Role: Other
All Dogs Go to Heaven (1998)
Role: Sheet Director
G.I. Joe: Extreme (1997)
Role: Other
The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest (Animated Series) (1996)
Animation Director
Role: Director
The New Adventures of Flash Gordon (1983)
Role: Director
Role: Director
Batman and the Super Seven (1981)
Role: Director
Super Witch (1978)
Role: Animation Director
The New Adventures of Batman (1978)
Role: Director

</doc>
<doc id="36612139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612139" title="Popboomerang">
Popboomerang

Popboomerang is an independent record label based in Melbourne Australia. The label was established by Scott Thurling in 2000 but didn't release its first recordings until 2002. Thurling originally started Popboomerang as an internet "swap shop" around 1997, trading Australian recordings to overseas fans in return for recordings unavailable in Australia. 
The label has released over 80 recordings, from the first release by Sarah Sarah, "Sing Til It Hurts", in late 2002. Notable releases include Frente's 2005 EP, "Try to Think Less", the band's first release in eight years, Skipping Girl Vinegar's critically acclaimed 2008 debut album, "Sift the Noise", as well as albums from Tamas Wells and The Killjoys's fifth album, "Pearl".
In response to the decline in the sales of physical recordings across the music industry the label has placed its entire back catalogue online. Popboomerang has also turned to crowd funding to finance its tenth anniversary compilation album, "Aches & Shakes: 2002-2012 – A Decade Of Popboomerang Records", which Thurling believes is the future of the independent music industry. 

</doc>
<doc id="36612162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612162" title="Acebo">
Acebo

Jhay-r Acebo

</doc>
<doc id="36612168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612168" title="Wang Xin">
Wang Xin

Wang Xin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36612170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612170" title="Viola Gillette">
Viola Gillette

Viola Gillette, born Viola Pratt, was an American contralto from Salt Lake City.
Gillette began her career as a church singer in Salt Lake City. She made her stage debut in Washington, D.C. in 1898. She subsequently moved to New York City, where she sang with the Castle Square Opera Company. She was a soloist at the Fifth Avenue Baptist Church in New York from 1898 to 1899. Gillette's first concert appearance as a soloist was at the Springfield, Massachusetts Music Festival in 1899. 
For a few months in early 1901, Gillette appeared at the Shaftesbury Theatre in London. From 1901 to 1904, Gillette was employed by Klaw & Erlanger, appearing for two seasons in their production of "Beauty and the Beast" and for one season in "Mother Goose".
In 1907, Gillette appeared as "Violetta" in "The Girl and the Bandit." She managed to turn this role into a position managing her own company, the Viola Gillette Opera Company.

</doc>
<doc id="36612176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612176" title="Philip of Castile, Lord of Cabrera and Ribera">
Philip of Castile, Lord of Cabrera and Ribera

Philip of Castile (Seville, 28 May 1292 – Madrid, April 1327), was an "infante of Castile" (title given in Spain to the children of the king who are crowned prince). He was a son of Sancho IV of Castile and María de Molina.
He was Lord of Cabrera and Ribera and regent of his nephew Alfonso XI of Castile.
He married his cousin Margarita de la Cerda, daughter of Alfonso de la Cerda.

</doc>
<doc id="36612183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612183" title="Apti Aukhadov">
Apti Aukhadov

Apti Khamzatovich Aukhadov (Russian: Апти Хамзатович Аухадов, born 18 November 1992 in Urus-Martan, Chechnya) is a Russian weightlifter competing in the 85 kg category. He is of Chechen descent. He won the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's 85 kg category with a total of 385 kg. Aukhadov also won silver at the 2011 European Weightlifting Championships and was the world junior champion in 2010. Most recently, Aukhadov took gold at the 2013 World Weightlifting Championships with a combined total of 387 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="36612185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612185" title="Electoral division of Namatjira">
Electoral division of Namatjira

Namatjira is an electoral division of the Legislative Assembly in Australia's Northern Territory. It was created in 2012 when the former division of MacDonnell was renamed after the Aboriginal artist Albert Namatjira. Namatjira is an almost entirely rural electorate, covering 351,294 km², and taking in the resort town of Yulara, and the remote communities of Hermannsburg, Kintore and Papunya. There were 5,127 electors enrolled in Namatjira as of August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36612198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612198" title="Patrick O'Reilly (priest)">
Patrick O'Reilly (priest)

Patrick O'Reilly (1843–1914) was a Catholic priest and educationalist in the Diocese of Auckland, New Zealand. 
Early life.
He was born in Rosscarbery, County Cork, Ireland in 1843 and was brought by his parents to Auckland in 1852. He was educated in Auckland at the primary school attached to St Patrick's Cathedral, St Peter's Select School (Auckland's first Catholic secondary school for boys) and St Mary's Seminary. 
Priesthood.
O"Reilly was ordained a priest on 24 February 1866 and was one of the first Catholic priests to have received most of his training for the ministry in New Zealand. O'Reilly's major pastoral efforts were in Coromandel (where in 1864 he baptised Matthew Brodie, who was later the first New Zealand-born Catholic priest and who became the second Bishop of Christchurch) and Thames where he built churches and established schools which were "well-run institutions ... models of their kind". O'Reilly assisted Bishop Edmund Luck in reorganising Catholic education in the Diocese after the passage of the Education Act 1977 which excluded the possibility of public financial assistance for privately run schools. O'Reilly was appointed the first Diocesan Inspector of Catholic Schools and was raised to the rank of Monsignor for this work. O'Reilly was administrator of St Patrick's Cathedral for a period from 1899 before returning as parish priest to Thames where he served until 1908. After some years of ill-health, he died in Dunedin on 25 August 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="36612214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612214" title="Lost Creek Dam (Utah)">
Lost Creek Dam (Utah)

Lost Creek Dam (National ID # UT10125) is a dam in Morgan County, Utah.
The earthen dam was constructed between 1963 and 1966 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation with a height of 248 feet and 1078 feet long at its crest. It impounds Lost Creek for flood control, part of the Weber Basin Project. The dam is owned by the Bureau and is operated by the local Weber Basin Water Conservancy District.
The reservoir it creates, Lost Creek Reservoir, has a total capacity of 22,510 acre-feet with a surface area of 365 acres. Recreation includes fishing (rainbow trout and cutthroat trout) and boating. Lost Creek State Park is nearby. 

</doc>
<doc id="36612227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612227" title="CCGS Matthew">
CCGS Matthew

The CCGS "Matthew" is a Canadian Coast Guard mid-shore scientific & Survey vessel based in Dartmouth, NS. She is operated within the Canadian Coast Guard Maritimes region. She is primarily used to carry out hydrographic survey work primarily for the production of nautical charting products on the East and West Coast, but can also be used for stock assessment using sonar. She is named for John Cabot's ship "Matthew" from his second voyage to North America. This was the result of a public high school naming competition. CCGS "Matthew" frequently operates in co-operation with the Bedford Institute of Oceanography and the Canadian Hydrographic Service. Built in a British Columbia shipyard, "Matthew" was delivered in an overall white paint scheme. She was transferred to the east coast in 1991, and acquired her Coast Guard red and white paint in 1997.<br>
There was some participation in the mapping of Placentia Bay, NF in co-operation with Natural Resources Canada and the Canadian Hydrographic Service in April 2004. In 2007, the ship was playing an important role in mapping the floor of the Bay of Fundy, particularly along the Nova Scotia coast. "Matthew" has minimal ice strengthening in its forward hull, and no strengthening of its rudders, shafting and propellers for operation in ice-covered waters.
Refits.
During 2005 the vessel was equipped with an advanced, multi-beam echo-sounder. The transducers for this equipment are housed in a centerline pod which extends 1.0 meter below the keel. Suggested alterations to sonar were met with a lack of enthusiasm. Nonetheless, subsequent missions were able to be conducted with only minor delays, none of which were related to the new sonars.
As a part of Canada's Economic Action Plan in 2009-2010, "Matthew" underwent a refit in Quebec City costing over $105,000 involving systems replacement, crane replacement, and reliability improvements. In May 2011 "Matthew" received a short refit.

</doc>
<doc id="36612238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612238" title="Ivan Markov">
Ivan Markov

Ivan Markov (Bulgarian: Иван Марков; born 14 September 1988 in Burgas, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian weightlifter competing in the 85 kg category. He is the younger brother of former world champion weightlifter Georgi Markov. He placed fifth at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Markov also qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics but he was one of eleven Bulgarian weightlifters who tested positive for a banned steroid two months prior to the games. Bulgaria withdrew its whole team from the Olympic competition and Markov received a four-year ban from competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36612249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612249" title="Battle of Village Creek">
Battle of Village Creek

The Battle of Village Creek occurred on May 24, 1841 on the embankments of Village Creek. The battle, which evolved into a running gunfight between the Republic of Texas militia and the Village Creek tribes, was contributed to the increased Indian raids on Anglo settlements in the Red River counties.
Village Creek.
The Village Creek area is a stem of the West Fork Trinity River. The water stream routes southwest from Arlington, Texas and tapers just south of Cross Timber, Texas.
The Trinity River tributary, which extends twenty-three miles to the south of the West Fork Trinity River, provided a sanctuary for many Indian tribes. The Caddos, Cherokees, and Tonkawas established a series of habitats or villages along the banks of Village Creek.
Village Creek Conflict.
On May 14, 1841, General Edward H. Tarrant organized a company of approximately seventy volunteers from the Red River counties at Fort Johnston. The Republic of Texas militia had scouting detachments which were commanded by Captains John B. Denton, Henry B. Stout, and James G. Bourland.
During the morning hours of May 24, 1841, the militia force of seventy strong encroached the Village Creek area from the south at approximately Cross Timber, Texas. After capturing a native inhabitant who provided locations of the area villages, Captains John B. Denton, Henry B. Stout, and James G. Bourland led scouting detachments north towards the West Fork Trinity River. The militia volunteers carried out the remaining command of burning huts along the Village Creek banks.
As the scouting detachments progressed north towards the Trinity River, the scouting command encountered larger villages and an increasingly stronger tribal force. Captains Denton and Stout were wounded near thickets bordering the Trinity River. Captain Denton was the only fatality while Henry Stout and eight of the Texas militia were wounded at Village Creek. 
The Village Creek tribes had twelve fatalities while many of the inhabitants were wounded during the conflict.
Bird's Fort Treaty.
On September 29, 1843, the Treaty of Bird's Fort was agreed upon at Fort Bird between the Village Creek tribes and the Republic of Texas which opened the Red River counties for settlement by frontier pioneers.
Archeological Research.
Archeological excavations have been conducted within the Village Creek area. Prehistoric artifacts have been discovered which date back approximately nine thousand years indicating a culture of food-gathers, hunters, and village inhabitants.
Today, much of the Village Creek conflict site is beneath Lake Arlington which has a surface area of 1,939 acres and was impounded in 1957.
Historical Record.
The Village Creek battlefield received a historic marker in 1936.
The Village Creek area was recognized as an archeological site and received a historic marker in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="36612251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612251" title="Yoelmis Hernández">
Yoelmis Hernández

Yoelmis Hernández Paumier (born 25 April 1986 in Nueva Gerona, Cuba) is a Cuban weightlifter competing in the 85 kg category. He finished in seventh place at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36612267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612267" title="Galerie Perrotin">
Galerie Perrotin

Galerie Perrotin is a contemporary art gallery founded by Emmanuel Perrotin in 1990. In France, the gallery currently occupies two floors in Paris' Marais district, with an adjoining exhibition space across the road. In May 2012, the gallery opened a space in Hong Kong at 50 Connaught Road Central designed by architect Andre Fu.
Galerie Perrotin began representing two of its most well-known artists, Maurizio Cattelan and Takashi Murakami, very early on in their careers. In 1993, Perrotin brought the works of Maurizio Cattelan - still relatively unknown at that time - to the Yokohoma contemporary art fair, NiCAF. In 1994, Perrotin showed Takashi Murakami's work at the Gramercy International Art Fair in New York, becoming the first person to exhibit Murakami's work outside Japan. It would be a decade later before both artists achieved commercial success. Today, Perrotin continues to work with new, young artists like KAWS and JR. 
Perrotin also represented many French artists like Sophie Calle, Tatiana Trouve, Xavier Veilhan, Jean-Michel Othoniel and Bernard Frize. In addition, the gallery was one of the first to tap into the Asian markets, and now counts Aya Takano, Mr. and Bharti Kher among its artists. 
At the same time, the Gallery also collaborated with musicians such as Feist, Massive Attack, N.E.R.D., Pharrell Williams, and many others. 

</doc>
<doc id="36612271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612271" title="Red Bells">
Red Bells

Red Bells (also known as "Mexico in Flames", "Insurgent Mexico" and "Red Bells Part I – Mexico on Fire") is a 1982 adventure-drama film directed by Sergei Bondarchuk. It was coproduced by Soviet Union (where it was released as "Krasnye kolokola, film pervyy – Meksika v ogne"), Italy (where is known as "Messico in fiamme") and Mexico (where its title is "Campanas rojas"). It is the first of a two-parts film centered on the life and career of John Reed, the revolutionary communist journalist that already inspired Warren Beatty's "Reds". This chapter focuses on Reed's reportage about 1915 Mexican revolution. It was followed by "Red Bells II".

</doc>
<doc id="36612310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612310" title="Acebo, Cáceres">
Acebo, Cáceres

Acebo (Extremaduran: L'Acebu) is a municipality in Cáceres province, Extremadura, Spain. It is located in the northeast of the province, in the Sierra de Gata comarca.
Demographics.
Acebo has had the following population data decade by decade since 1900:

</doc>
<doc id="36612311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612311" title="Rauli Tsirekidze">
Rauli Tsirekidze

Rauli Tsirekidze or Raul Tsirek'idze (; born 24 May 1987, Kutaisi, Georgia) is a Georgian weightlifter competing in the 85 kg category. He participated in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36612315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612315" title="Mangey">
Mangey

The mangey or mungey is a membranophone percussion instrument of Afghanistan and Pakistan. It consists of a large clay pot with a thin skin head stretched over the mouth, and fixed with chords. It is struck directly with fingers and palm, to produce bass and slap sounds. It is usually accompanied by a metal vase, played with the other hand, to produce the treble sounds. The mangey player (mangiwal) carries the rhythmical pattern to accompany the rubab or harmonium players in instrumental music or vocal epic songs. 

</doc>
<doc id="36612345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612345" title="Bluesin' Around">
Bluesin' Around

"Bluesin' Around" is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1961 and 1962 and first released on the Columbia label in 1983. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars stating " the results, even with a few dated numbers such as "Mambo Twist," are excellent".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Kenny Burrell except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36612348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612348" title="Dallas Blocker">
Dallas Blocker

Dallas Blocker (born Nathan Blocker a.k.a. Dallas) is an American vocalist, producer and songwriter best known for his work in R&B, hip hop and pop music. After signing with Latium Records in 2004, Blocker later formed independent label Blockerboy Music LLC on which he released the EP "Alone", the album "Love and Lust" (in Japan) and the "Billboard" chart-topper “Rock Ya Body.”
Early life.
Blocker was born and reared for a short time in Dallas, Texas by his mother, but later joined his father at age seven in Trinity Gardens – a Northeast Houston, Texas neighborhood. He began singing and performing in church at a young age, and eventually chose the stage name “Dallas” to acknowledge both the city in which he was born and his mother, a long-time Dallas, Texas resident.
Musical Beginnings.
While acclimating to life in Houston, Blocker busied himself singing, learning to produce music and penning his own lyrics. While attending Kashmere High School and during college, Blocker was a member of a male R&B group, which included Brian Angel of Day26. The group environment allowed Blocker to use his skills as a songwriter, producer and lead vocalist to amass the interest of new fans and local music industry executives.
Career: Collaborations.
Blocker has collaborated with many noted musical artists throughout his career, including producer Bryan Michael Cox; lead vocalist of R&B group H-Town the late Kevin “Dino” Conner; rappers Bun B, Rick Ross, J-Dawg, Z-Ro, Slim Thug, Tum Tum, Lil Flip, Mike Jones, Paul Wall, and Trae; and several KBXX DJs. His work includes lead vocals, production and writing on "Get It Girl," which is featured on the "" music soundtrack, and "After Da Club" with the late rapper Hawk. It was this smash hit that allowed Blocker to forge a relationship with Latium Records, which hosts artist Pitbull and formerly hosted artists Chamillionaire, Slim Thug, Frankie J, Natalie and Baby Bash.
Career: Solo Efforts.
In 2008, Blocker took control of his music career by establishing his independent label Blockerboy Music LLC following a year under contract, and later, a voluntary release from Latium Records. With the release of "Alone" (EP) and the subsequent release of the "Love & Lust" album in Japan, Blocker soon headlined Japan’s Save R&B tour in September 2009 and opened for R&B star Babyface at Houston’s Arena Theater in August 2010. In 2010, Blocker’s smash hit “Rock Ya Body,” produced by Texas hit-making duo Beanz N Kornbread, debuted on "Billboard’s" Top 100 chart at #75 and was heard by more than two million listeners weekly with heavy radio play in Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Oklahoma and Texas. The single spent 20 weeks on the "Billboard" charts. To accompany the single’s wave of success, the “Rock Ya Body” video, which was directed by Michael Kimbrew in association with TF Records, was also released in 2010, and featured Farrah Franklin (formerly of Destiny's Child), Montana Fishburne and Orlando Brown. In 2011, Blocker released the single “Out Da Club” featuring Diamond; soon after, the single’s video—featuring Z-Ro and directed by JC Visuals in association with Blockerboy Music LLC—followed.

</doc>
<doc id="36612350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612350" title="Red Bells II">
Red Bells II

Red Bells II (also known as "10 Days That Shook the World" and "Red Bells Part II – I Saw the Birth of the New World") is a 1983 adventure-drama film directed by Sergei Bondarchuk. It was coproduced by Soviet Union (where it was released as "Krasnye kolokola, film vtoroy – Ya videl rozhdenie novogo mira" and "Krasnye kolokola II"), Italy (where is known as "I dieci giorni che sconvolsero il mondo") and Mexico (where its title is "Campanas rojas II – Rusia 1917"). It is the last of a two-part film centered on the life and career of John Reed, the revolutionary communist journalist that already inspired Warren Beatty's "Reds". This chapter focuses on Reed's book "Ten Days That Shook the World".

</doc>
<doc id="36612351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612351" title="Judo in Canada">
Judo in Canada

The Japanese martial art Judo has been practised in Canada for nearly a century. The first Judo dojo in Canada, Tai Iku Dojo, was established in Vancouver in 1924 by Shigetaka "Steve" Sasaki. Sasaki and his students opened several branch schools in British Columbia up until 1940, when all dojos were shut down by the government and their Japanese members forced into internment camps due to fears that Japanese-Canadians would act against Canada on behalf of Japan during the Second World War. After the War was over, the government encouraged internees to relocate, and many of Sasaki's students went on to establish their own dojos across Canada. 
The Canadian Kodokan Black Belt Association was incorporated in 1956 and recognized by the International Judo Federation in 1958. Now known as Judo Canada, it is the national governing body and a federation of associations in each of the ten provinces and three territories. Today, an estimated 30,000 Canadians participate in Judo programs in approximately 400 clubs across Canada.
Ranking.
Judo uses a hierarchical ranking system divided into "kyū" and "dan" grades that its founder, Jigoro Kano, adapted from the ranking system for the traditional board game Go. "Kyū" grades are for students ranked below black belt (collectively referred to as "mudansha", or 'ones without dan'), and "dan" grades are for judoka who have a black belt (collectively referred to as "yūdansha", or 'ones with dan'). A person's rank is represented by a number, and the names of each grade are a combination of the name of the number in Japanese and the appropriate suffix ("kyū" or "dan"). For "kyū" grades, this number goes down with each promotion, usually starting at sixth "kyū" ("rokkyū") and ending at first "kyū" ("ikkyū"). For "dan" grades, the number goes up with each promotion, starting at first "dan" ("shodan") and ending at tenth "dan" ("judan"). Grades are also differentiated by belt colour. Kano originally adopted white and black belts in 1886 to mark the distinction between "kyū" and "dan" grades, and red and white and solid red belts were later introduced to distinguish judoka who were sixth "dan" and higher (collectively referred to as "kōdansha", or 'ones with high dan'). Coloured belts for "kyū" grades were first introduced by Mikonosuke Kawaishi in France in 1935 because he felt that European students would progress more quickly if they received visible recognition of their achievements. 
In Canada there are six "kyū" grades for seniors (people 16 years of age or older), eleven "kyū" grades for juniors (people under the age of 16), and ten "dan" grades that are restricted to seniors. Both senior and junior students begin as white belts ("rokkyū") and progress with promotion through yellow, orange, green, and blue, to brown belt ("ikkyū"). Half-grades for juniors were introduced in 2010 and are represented by belts that combine the colours of the previous grade and the next grade (a white and yellow belt, for example, represents a half-grade between "rokkyū" and "gokyū", which the grading syllabus calls "6th+ "kyū""). The first five "dan" grades ("shodan" to "godan") are represented by a black belt. Judoka ranked sixth to eighth "dan" may wear a red and white belt, and those ranked ninth or tenth "dan" may wear a solid red belt, but this is not required and the black belt remains the standard for all "dan" grades. In the past women's belts would include a white stripe in the centre of the length of the belt to differentiate them from men, but this is much less common now.
Grading and promotion.
Promotions are regulated by Judo Canada using guidelines set by the National Grading Board. Most of the responsibility for grading, however, is delegated to other organizations. All "kyū" grade promotions are based on examination at the student's club by the club's head instructor or grading board following the Judo Canada grading syllabus. "Shodan" (first "dan") to "hachidan" (eighth "dan") promotions are based on examination by a provincial or territorial grading board, and must be ratified by Judo Canada. "Kudan" (ninth "dan") and "judan" (tenth "dan") promotions are rare honours that are conferred directly by Judo Canada, the International Judo Federation, or the Kodokan.
"Kyū grades".
The time between promotions for "kyū" grades varies, and is based on a combination of skill, physical fitness, age, regular attendance at classes, frequency of classes per week, student–teacher ratio, facilities and equipment, and the disposition of the student. Students must be at least 6 years old to be promoted and at least 15 years old to be eligible to test for black belt. 
Each "kyū" promotion requires a test of proficiency in a specific set of techniques. The foundation of the syllabus is Kano's revised "Gokyo no Waza" (or 'five sets of techniques') from 1920, which covers Judo's 40 fundamental throws. There are now 67 official throws, however, and Judo Canada's syllabus does not directly match each stage of the "Gokyo" (which is divided into five sets that correspond with the five graded "kyū"). Some throws are now associated with different grades than indicated in the "Gokyo", the 27 throws that were added in 1982 and 1997 have been incorporated into the curriculum at various stages, and each "kyū" also requires proficiency in certain hold-downs, arm-locks, strangles and chokes (though the last three are restricted to seniors). Ten competition points are required for most promotions after "gokyū" (yellow belt), and parts of the "Nage-no-kata" (or 'forms of throwing') must be demonstrated during examinations beginning at "sankyū" (green belt). Finally, students are also expected to remain proficient in all techniques associated with their previous grades, and to develop an understanding of Judo's history and standard Japanese terms.
"Dan" grades.
The requirements for "dan" promotion are more demanding and cover age, time in current grade, points total, and how those points were earned. To test for black belt, a person must be at least 15 years old, have been an "ikkyū" (brown belt) for at least one year, been active in Judo for at least three years with a valid association membership, and have 120 points. Points can be earned through competition, technical activities such as attending an instructional clinic or assisting with club development, volunteering at Judo events, and consistent class attendance on a yearly basis. They cannot be accumulated until after promotion to "ikkyū", and they reset after each promotion. People under the age of 20 must earn at least one third of their points through competition. The number of points awarded varies with each activity and its details: a win in competition by "ippon" (one full match point), for example, is worth 10 grading points, whereas a win by "waza-ari" (half a match point) is worth 7 grading points. If all of these conditions are met, the person can register for their provincial or territorial association's next black belt grading. The examination requires: (1) demonstration of eight throwing techniques from the "Gokyo", three hold downs, three strangles or chokes, and three arm-locks, all chosen by the examiners at the time of the examination; (2) demonstration of the ability to successfully apply such techniques at full force and speed against a resisting opponent in "randori" (free practice); and (3) demonstration of the first three sets of the "Nage-no-kata" as "tori" (the person executing the throws).
Second to fourth "dan" have similar but progressively higher requirements, with the necessary minimum age, time in current grade, number of points, and the number and type of techniques to be demonstrated increasing with each grade. From fifth to eighth "dan" the minimum time that must be spent in the current grade varies according to the way that grading points are earned and their distribution among the different point categories. These distributions are categorized as either 'outstanding', 'excellent', 'very good', or 'good': an 'outstanding' candidate for "godan" (fifth dan), for example, can be promoted after five years in the previous grade, but a 'good' candidate would have to wait eight.
High-ranking Canadians.
There have only been seventeen "judan" (tenth dan) judoka in history, fifteen promoted by the Kodokan and two by the International Judo Federation. None of them are Canadian, but Canada does have a group of more than 100 "kōdansha" (high dan holders), all of whom have devoted much of their lives to Canadian Judo. 
The late Yoshio Senda became Canada's first "kudan" (ninth dan) in 2007, and since then three more Canadians have been promoted to "kudan" by Judo Canada: Yeiji Inouye (2011), Raymond Damblant (2012), and Hiroshi Nakamura (2012). Eleven Canadians are ranked "hachidan" (eighth dan), twenty-seven are ranked "shichidan" (seventh dan), and approximately 85 others are ranked "rokudan" (sixth dan). The names of the ninth and eighth "dan" holders are listed in the tables to the right. A typographic dagger () follows the names of those who are deceased. A registry of approximately 5000 black belts ranked "shodan" (first "dan") to "hachidan" (eighth "dan") in the years 1946–1997 is included in Glynn Leyshon's book "Judoka: a history of Judo in Canada".
International competition.
World.
Canadians have won five Olympic medals in Judo since it was added to the Summer games in 1964. Doug Rogers won silver in the +80 kg category in 1964, Mark Berger won bronze in the +95 kg category in 1984, Nicolas Gill won bronze in the 86 kg category in 1992 and silver in the 100 kg category in 2000, and Antoine Valois-Fortier won bronze in the -81 kg category in 2012 (a video of this match is available in the 'External links' section below). Sandra Greaves became the first woman to compete for Canada in Olympic Judo in 1988. The Canadian Judo team trains at the National Training Centre in Montreal under Gill's direction.
Six medals have been awarded to Canadians at the World Judo Championships. Rogers won bronze in the +80 kg category in 1965, Phil Takahashi won bronze in the -60 kg category and Kevin Doherty won bronze in the -78 kg category in 1981, and Gill won silver in the 86 kg category in 1993, bronze in 1995, and bronze in 100 kg in 1999.
Regional.
Canada's greatest success in international competition, however, has been at the Pan American Games, with a total of 76 medals ranging from gold to bronze awarded since 1967 (see 'Judo at the Pan American Games' for lists of the results).
Judo for the visually impaired.
Judo is also practised by visually impaired athletes, and became a Paralympic sport in 1988 for men and 2004 for women. While often referred to as 'blind Judo', it includes athletes with three different levels of visual impairment, all of whom may compete against one another so long as they are in the same weight category. The only differences between Olympic and Paralympic Judo is that judoka with visual impairments take hold of their opponent before the start of the match, and the mat has different textures to indicate zones and the competition area. 
Judo for the visually impaired has a long history in Canada and, according to newspaper article published in 1952, Ottawa was the home of the only Judo club for the blind in the world at the time. In most circumstances, however, visually impaired and sighted judoka belong to the same clubs and practice together.
International competition.
Canada was first represented in international competition by brothers Pier Morten and Eddie Morten at the 1988 Paralympics, where they each won bronze in the 65 kg and 71 kg categories, respectively. Pier, who is the first deaf-blind person in the world to earn a black belt in Judo and was inducted into the Judo Canada Hall of Fame in 2012, also won bronze in the 71 kg category in 1992 and the -73 kg category in 2000 at the Paralympics, making him Canada's most successful visually impaired judoka. William Morgan won bronze at the International Blind Sports World Championships in 2006, and placed fifth in the 2004 and seventh in the 2008 Paralympics, where he was Canada's only competitor. Justin Karn, Tim Rees, and Tony Walby represented Canada in the 2012 Paralympics. Tom Thompson, head instructor at the Brantford Judo Club, has coached the national Judo team for the past four Paralympics. A video of Morgan explaining Paralympic Judo is available in the 'External links' section below.
Judo for people with other disabilites.
Judo is also practised by people with disabilites other than visual impairment, such as the members of the Jita Kyoei Judo Club at the Community Head Injury Resource Services in Toronto, who all have Acquired Brain Injury. Judo in such circumstances, however, is rare, non-competitive, and focused on recreation and rehabilitation.
Public service.
Canadian judoka have been decorated by the Emperor of Japan with the Order of the Sacred Treasure, Gold Rays with Rosette and the Order of the Rising Sun, Gold Rays with Rosette.
Four judoka have been awarded Membership in the Order of Canada, the country's second highest civilian honour of merit, for outstanding contributions to their communities through Judo: James Driscoll of Belleville, Ontario (1978), Yuzuru Kojima of Richmond, British Columbia (1983), Yoshio Senda of Lethbridge, Alberta (2007), and Hiroshi Nakamura of LaSalle, Quebec (2012).
Four judoka are members of the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame: Doug Rogers as an athlete (1973), and Frank Hatashita (1974), Yoshio Senda (1977), and Shigetaka Sasaki (1986) as 'builders' (officials, administrators, and volunteers). 
Two Canadians have been decorated by the Emperor of Japan in recognition of their service in improving the status of Japanese-Canadians through a lifelong commitment to the promotion and development of Judo in Canada: Masao Takahashi with the Order of the Sacred Treasure, Gold Rays with Rosette in 2002, and Yuzuru Kojima with the Order of the Rising Sun, Gold Rays with Rosette in 2011.
Research.
Judo has been the subject of significant academic research worldwide, most notably in Japan. It has received relatively little attention in Canada, but Judo research has been conducted by Canadians working in several different disciplines.
The most widely cited publications are journal articles and books written by sports scientists. The earliest, "A physiological profile of the Canadian judo team" by A.W. Taylor and L. Brassard, was published in "The Journal of Sports Medicine and Physical Fitness" in 1981. The similarly titled "Physiological profiles of the Canadian National Judo Team" was published by S.G. Thomas, M.H. Cox, Y.M. LeGal, T.J. Verde, and H.K. Smith in the "Canadian Journal of Sport Sciences" in 1989. A third article, "Physical performance attributes of junior and senior women, juvenile, junior, and senior men judokas", presents the results of a study of the 1989 Alberta Judo Team and was published by N.G. Little in "The Journal of Sports Medicine and Physical Fitness" in 1991. Kinesiologist, 1993 Canadian Champion (-65 kg category), and former member of the Canadian Judo team Wayland Pulkkinen self-published "The Sport Science of Elite Judo Athletes: a Review & Application for Training" in 2001. Two undated articles derived from the book are available on the website "JudoInfo.com".
Other authors have focused on the social aspects of Judo. The most complete history of Canadian Judo is Glynn Leyshon's "Judoka: the history of Judo in Canada" (1998). However, while Leyshon is Professor Emeritus of Kinesiology at the University of Western Ontario, "Judoka" is a popular history published by Judo Canada rather than an academic study. Anne Doré's article "Japanese-Canadian Sport History in the Fraser Valley: Judo and Baseball in the Interwar Years" (2002) and Joseph Svinth's book "Getting a Grip: Judo in the Nikkei Communities of the Pacific Northwest, 1900-1950" (2003) both address the history of Judo in British Columbia. Luiz Moraes' PhD thesis in Education at the University of Ottawa, "Influences on the development of beliefs of Canadian expert judo coaches and their impact on action" (1998), describes the beliefs of Canadian Judo coaches and how these beliefs were represented in their actions during training. And finally, Michelle Rogers' MA thesis in Anthropology at the University of Victoria, "Twentieth Century Travels: Tales of a Canadian Judoka" (2005), examines the life of her father, Olympian Doug Rogers, and uses his story as a case study of how large-scale global processes can influence the life of an individual.
Popular culture.
Television and film.
Judo has not received widespread attention in Canadian television and film, but it has not been absent either. 
Most of Judo's television appearances that are not directly related to the Olympics occurred in the 1950s on either the CBC or its French-language counterpart Radio-Canada, and concided with the spread of new Judo clubs throughout the country following the Second World War. The earliest seems to be an interview at the Ottawa Judo Club, conducted in French by then-journalist René Lévesque and accompanied by a demonstration, in 1955. Another French-language interview and demonstration, this time focusing on the role of women in Judo, also aired on Radio-Canada two years later. The first coverage of Judo on English television appears to have been in 1956, starting with a demonstration by Fred Okimura and assistants on the "Vic Obeck Show", and then in an episode of the information program "Tabloid", titled "From foe to friend: Japanese culture in Canada". The episode covers several different elements of Japanese culture, and includes a Judo demonstration by Frank Hatashita and his daughter Patsy Yuriko Hatashita. Four other programs ("Around Town", "Graphic", "Hobby Corner", and "Spotlight") aired episodes that included Judo demonstrations or interviews with judoka from 1957–59. In 1971 the children's show "Alphabet Soup" ran an episode titled "J is for Judo" which featured journalist and judoka Frank Moritsugu instructing host Mavis Kerr in the basics of Judo, and in 1976 The National Film Board of Canada produced a seven-minute 'sport interlude' titled "Capsule – Judo" that was shown on television as part of the coverage leading up to and during the Montreal Olympics. 
The most common television coverage of Judo in Canada, however, is interviews conducted with Olympic athletes, particularly after a medal has been won, along with short athlete profiles that are interspersed throughout coverage of the Games. One such profile, shown during the 2012 Olympics as part of a CTV series called "The Difference Makers", features Kelita Zupancic, who was training in Japan during the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami disaster. 
The National Film Board has also produced two short documentaries about Judo. The first is "Judo Jinks" (1954), hosted by journalist Fred Davis, which includes a brief history of Judo, some demonstrations, and an interview with judoka Bernard Gauthier. The other documentary, "Judoka" (1965), features Doug Rogers and was filmed after he won silver In Tokyo. It shows his intensive training under the famous Masahiko Kimura (widely considered one of the greatest judoka of all time, and best known outside of Judo for defeating Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu founder Hélio Gracie), and glimpses of Rogers' life in Japan. A link to the full documentary in high definition is available in the 'External links' section below.
Other visual arts.
In 2010 the Portrait Society of Canada held a month-long exhibition at the John B. Aird Gallery in Toronto, titled "Canadian Olympic Athletes: a Dialogue in Art", that featured portraits of Canadian Olympic athletes painted by members of the Society. One of the portraits, painted with oil by Society founder and president Veronica Kvassetskaia-Tsyglan, is of judoka Sasha Mehmedovic, who competed in the 2008 and 2012 Olympics.
Music.
Musician Mark Kasprzyk, who previously went by the stage name 'Kazzer', was an alternate for Canada's 2000 Olympic Judo team. In the video for his best known song as Kazzer, "Pedal to the Metal" (2002), Kasprzyk confronts a bully (played by Sebastian Pawlak, also a judo fighter) and disables him using the Judo throw "ippon seoi nage". He now goes by 'Kaz' and is the front man for the group Redlight King, best known for a song titled "Old Man" (2011) that samples fellow Canadian Neil Young's song by the same name.
Postage.
In 2012, Canada Post announced that it would issue a postage stamp featuring a photograph of Nicolas Gill as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony of the 2004 Summer Olympic Games. The stamp is part of a series titled "Definitives: Canadian Pride". Canada Post also issued a stamp that illustrated Judo for the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal in 1975.
Public life.
One of Canada's most famous judoka is former Prime Minister Pierre Elliot Trudeau. Trudeau began practising Judo sometime in the mid-1950s when he was in his mid-thirties, and by the end of the decade he was ranked "ik-kyū" (brown belt). Later, when he travelled to Japan as Prime Minister, he was promoted to "sho-dan" (first-degree black belt) by the Kodokan, and then promoted to "ni-dan" (second-degree black belt) by Masao Takahashi in Ottawa before leaving office. Trudeau began the night of his famous 'walk in the snow' before announcing his retirement in 1984 by going to Judo with his sons.
Other Canadian politicians and their families have also been associated with Judo. The children of Trudeau's successor in office, Brian Mulroney, also practised at the Takahashi Dojo, and Judo Canada has presented two honorary black belts to Members of Parliament: Minister of Health and Welfare Judy LaMarsh at the Eastern Canada Championships in 1964, and former Prime Minister John Diefenbaker at the Senior Women and Junior National Championships in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="36612361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612361" title="Pragmulji III">
Pragmulji III

Pragmulji III (born 3 May 1936) is present titular head of Jadeja dynasty of Princely State of Cutch.
He did his primary education from The Doon School, Dehradoon and later graduated from Mayo College, Ajmer, and St. Stephen's College, Delhi. 
He is the eldest son of his father and erstwhile ruler of Cutch, Maharao Shri Madansinhji, and Maharani Bai Shri Rajendra Kunverba Sahib and became the heir apparent with the title of Yuvraj Sahib on the succession of his father, 26 February 1948.
He was installed in the "Tila-medi" at Prag Mahal Palace, Bhuj on 17 October 1991 upon demise of his father Maharao Shri Madansinji, under the name and style of H.H. Maharajadhiraj Mirza Maharao Shri Pragmulji III Sawai Bahadur, Maharao of Cutch. 
The Ranjit Vilas Palace, Prag Mahal and Vijay Vilas Palace are some of the royal palaces, which belong to the erstwhile rulers of Cutch and are some of their private properties. Other private palaces belonging to the dynasty include Aina Mahal, Sharad Baug Palace, Chavda Rakhal and Darbargadh Palace, which are worth more than 10 billion in value and hold much more value as heritage and monuments of history of Kutch. The royal family was in the court for rights of ownership for dispute which cropped up within various sons of Maharaja Madansinhji, who died in 1991. However, the court has upheld will of Madansinhji valid and Pragmulji III as such has been declared lawful owner of these properties, some of which have been converted into luxury hotles by him. 
Pragmulji III lives in Mumbai and also has house in London but often comes to Bhuj, Kutch to look after his heritage and recently spent time and money in repair and restoration of Prag Mahal & Aina Mahal, which were badly damaged in 2001 Gujarat earthquake. He was also instrumental in putting up of a bust of Khengarji III at office of New Kandla, his great-grandfather, who had founded the port city of Kandla in 1930-31.

</doc>
<doc id="36612366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612366" title="Arrested Youth">
Arrested Youth

Arrested Youth is a digital EP by the American pop punk band The Dollyrots. It was released on August 9, 2011 on the band's own "Arrested Youth Records". 30 physical CD copies were made, these were initially made available on their 2011 summer tour, with then the remaining copies were sold via their web site.

</doc>
<doc id="36612383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612383" title="Bear Creek Dam">
Bear Creek Dam

Bear Creek Dam may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36612392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612392" title="Accokeek tribe">
Accokeek tribe

The Accokeek were a group of Native Americans living in Southern Maryland at the time of English colonization. They lived along the Potomac River in present-day Prince George's County, Maryland. They were an Algonquian-language tribe and were related to the Piscataway, another Algonquian-language tribe.
Accokeek, Maryland, a small unincorporated town in Maryland, was named for the Accokeek tribe.
Accokeek means at the edge of the hill.

</doc>
<doc id="36612398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612398" title="Entre Tus Alas">
Entre Tus Alas

"Entre tus alas" (English: "Between Your Wings") is a song by Mexican pop group Camila, released on February 5, 2011 as the four single from their second album, "Dejarte de Amar" (2010). "Entre tus alas" was written by Mario Domm, Paulyna Carraz and produced by Domm. The song reached number two on the US "Billboard" Latin Pop Airplay charts. This song is also performed a duet with American singer Colbie Caillat

</doc>
<doc id="36612399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612399" title="Sygma">
Sygma

Sygma may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36612404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612404" title="Sambal (disambiguation)">
Sambal (disambiguation)

Sambal is an Indonesian hot sauce. This may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36612424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612424" title="Ahigal (disambiguation)">
Ahigal (disambiguation)

Ahigal can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36612426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612426" title="Asley González">
Asley González

Asley González (born 5 September 1989) is a Cuban judoka. He won the silver medal in the Men's 90 kg competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36612449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612449" title="Christoph Köler">
Christoph Köler

Christoph Köler or (in Latin), Christophorus Colerus (1602-1658) was a German poet and writer. A student of Martin Opitz (1597-1637) and follower of his Baroque poetical reforms, Köler later revised his papers and published a biography of his teacher. His most noted student was the German priest, and mystical poet Angelus Silesius (1624-1677).

</doc>
<doc id="36612450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612450" title="The Mop">
The Mop

The Mop is a novel by Alan Simpson, first published in 2012. Though told in the style of the narrative Great American Novels, this unusual contribution to the world of literature explores one man's journey as a Sex shop clerk in Sydney’s thriving Red-light district. The story tells the adventures of the author as he wanders from store to store in an effort to both complete the unusual tasks required by his employers and find himself along the way.
In "The Mop", Simpson employs stylized language, powerful description, and the metaphor to explore the taboo sexual situations he is encountered with. Through the journey of the main character, the concepts of "normal" sexuality, class and social status, and lost love are examined as the main character speculates upon his personal beliefs and place within the subculture he has inadvertently become a part of. The narrator's reflections, along with his descriptions of a clerk's life amidst the thriving red-light district, are woven into the narrative along with Shakespearean literary devices, such as numerous asides. The result is a book that while not specifically a Comedy novel, has been described as "laugh out loud funny"
Background.
The book began on an internet messageboard. Soulstrut is a forum for record collectors, DJs, music geeks and the like. Responding to a thread about porn soundtracks, Alan Simpson replied with small anecdotes about his time spent behind the counter of a porn store in Kings Cross. Spurred on by the positive responses, Alan posted more anecdotal stories until starting the (now defunct) blog 'Porn Store Guy'.
The blog saw the original anecdotes retold in short story fashion. A narrative thread was missing.
Thes One of People Under The Stairs sent Alan a PM (Private Message) offering to publish a book about the porn store stories if Alan would write one.
Plot.
Alan, a twenty something New Zealander meets the girl of his dreams, Malin - a svelte Swede on an Israeli kibbutz while backpacking. Following yearly stints in each other’s countries, the couple decides to move to Sydney, Australia to bring some warmth back to their relationship and relive their days in the sun.
After flying ahead and sharing a flat with his old friend Greg the surfer, Malin dumps Alan over the phone and his world comes crashing down as he enters a drug and alcohol fuelled self-indulgent pity-fest. Following Greg’s advice to “Get his shit together,” Alan answers an ad in the newspaper for ‘Specialty Retail’ and meets Barry, the imposing underworld figure that controls Sydney’s porn store trade. Blanketed in a haze of marijuana smoke and alcohol fumes, Alan begins his career in Disco Heaven, Sydney’s ultimate gay porn store, where he comes face to face with The Screamer - a perverted masturbating regular and is taken under the wing by Mike, Disco Heaven’s charming manager. Alan also meets his nemesis - the jizz mop. It is hate at first sight.
Despite Greg’s warnings, what begins as a simple amyl nitrite delivery gig quickly mutates into pulling graveyard shifts in Kings Cross, Sydney’s notorious red light district as Alan slowly descends into the midnight world of the sexually perverse. Still pining for Malin, and following an amyl nitrite accident, Alan begins working in all five of Barry’s stores: Disco Heaven, Cybershit - the toxic neon cave, G. Street - the city’s oldest porn store, The Pit - Sydney’s filthiest darkroom and R. Street - the most generic of them all. Each have their own personality and Alan endeavors to keep his head above the current as he is swept further down by the Kings Cross undertow.
Alan meets Rosie, the young goth who shows him the dark side of being a porn store clerk, Store regular Ram the Bollywood Penis Pumper and Bee, the jaded old Queen who rules over the sex workers with an iron wit. All the while Alan is haunted by the constant presence of the mop. With Greg leaving, Alan finds friendship with water pistol wielding rent-boy Jeff, a fellow music lover who is poised on the edge of a career as a porn clerk lifer and Rita, the gorgeous stripper who glides above it all. Following a sickening assault by Kings Cross’s most infamous pervert, Alan says goodbye to Malin. Barry gives Alan the graveyard gig at R. Street and tasks him with training Stinky Dave, an ex-con pervert with personal hygiene issues, bad taste in music and friends in high places. 
Bridget the giant junkie prostitute makes a grand entrance, Rosie begins to suspect all is not well on planet Dave, the poor Thai business ladies are mentally scarred by Rosie’s handiwork and Alan’s groove becomes a rut. The mop circles ominously, the boys go hunting one last time, a forgetful customer learns a hard lesson, and we all learn that you should never try to return used sex toys. Bridget tends to Alan’s wounds, Jeff teeters on the brink, Dave commits the ultimate transgression, and in a cathartic exercise Alan cleans the store from top to bottom, unearthing some home truths in the process. 
During an assault with a toxic weapon a most unlikely hero emerges in the heat of the battle, Alan’s world comes crashing down once again and, standing in the rubble he finally sees the light.
Characters.
The clerks and main characters are a combination of carefully drawn stylizations of human types and habits and the actual people the author worked with.
Alan.
Alan Simpson, the author. A young man from New Zealand stuck in a seemingly endless loop of mind-numbingly boring retail jobs.
Malin.
A "hot Swedish chick" who Alan meets on an Israeli kibbutz. Their relationship begins in Israel, continues in New Zealand then Sweden and is ended by Malin, over the phone, an action that begins Alan's porn store clerk career.
Greg.
Alan's best friend, A surfer, artist and all around good guy who attempts to lift Alan out of his depression.
Barry.
The shadowy figure controlling the Kings Cross porn store trade.
Mike.
The manager of Disco Heaven, the best porn store in the city. He of acerbic wit and the body of a Greek God.
Rosie.
Goth porn store clerk. Listens to The Smiths in porn stores. Really.
Jeff.
Record collecting, part-time modelling, rent-boy/porn store clerk. Invented the Jizz Hunt.
Bridget.
Skeletal prostitute. A Jerry Hall on smack who is the eyes and ears of Kings Cross.
Dave.
Ex-con pervert porn store clerk. Questionable personal hygiene. Massive Dire Straits fan.
Locations.
Disco Heaven.
The best of Barry's five porn stores: Disco Heaven, managed by Mike is a subterranean cave of rainbow delights. Disco heaven is where Alan is trained and is also the store where he comes face to face with perverted regular The Screamer.
Cybershit.
The worst porn store in 90s Sydney. Simpson describes it as a bleak wasteland of booths each with its own splattered PC screen, broken keyboard and dejected mouse. Cybershit is where Alan meets Rosie and also Steve, the disgusting manager. A Cybershit scene opens the book with the following words: "One of the wank booths had been turned into a cleaning cupboard".
G Street.
The oldest porn store in 90s Sydney. A hive of bitchy politics and smarmy gossiping between the strippers, peepshow workers, prostitutes and porn clerks that worked there.
The Pit.
Otherwise known as P street, the Pit is a darkroom above one of the two inner city porn stores Simpson worked in. Also the store in which he meets Jeff.
R Street.
The store in which Simpson ends up working the graveyard shift. The only one on street level. Where he meets Dave and Bridget. The scene of the final 'battle'.
Non-fictional content.
Sydney in the 90's
Critical reception.
“Debut novelist Alan Simpson’s semi-autobiographical tale of life as a porn-store clerk The Mop (PL70.net HARDBACK, OUT NOW), is great, sleazy fun and may even be the birth of hip-hop dirty realism.” Q magazine, issue 317, Recommender column
"It's a funny disgusting trip back into a different era, capturing the last days of adult retail before the internet stole most of its customers. Simpson plays an innocent in a barbaric, hyper-sexual world, absorbing endless indignities with a stoned grace, while trying to figure out if there's more to life than it's held to date." Duncan Grieve, 1972 magazine
"It’s really a phenomenal book. im 60pgs in and tripping. its soooo funny. its not even just about his experiences at the shop. its him. his life. who he was… showing who he is. music comments, drug references, and the like i can relate to… to a point. its also a great visual on what the area out there was like at that time. i have never been overseas but through the words i feel like im living it too." Justin Torres.
A promotional video was created featuring HipHop luminaries Blewfoot, Murs, Young Einstein (Ugly Duckling), Double K (PUTS)and DJ J-Rocc beat juggling copies of The Mop promotional 45 single written, recorded and produced by Thes One.

</doc>
<doc id="36612473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612473" title="Live Today, Die Tomorrow!">
Live Today, Die Tomorrow!

Live Today, Die Tomorrow! () is a 1970 Japanese drama film based on the true story of Norio Nagayama. It was directed by Kaneto Shindo based on his own screenplay, and starred Daijiro Yamada and Nobuko Otowa.
Plot.
Michio Yamada (Daijiro Yamada), a recent school graduate, is sent to Tokyo to work as a fruit-packer in a department store as part of a government programme. He takes a gun from a house on an American base and uses it to kill several people. 
The scene changes to Yamada's childhood. Yamada is born the child of a reprobate and a weak-willed woman (Nobuko Otowa). As a boy Yamada, experiences poverty and the rape of his sister at first hand.
Reception.
The film won the Golden Prize at the 7th Moscow International Film Festival in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="36612477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612477" title="Union Miners Cemetery">
Union Miners Cemetery

The Union Miners Cemetery is a cemetery in Mount Olive, Illinois. The cemetery is the burial site of labor leader Mary Harris "Mother" Jones, who is memorialized with a granite monument. The monument and surrounding plaques also commemorate "General" Alexander Bradley, four victims of the Battle of Virden, and twenty-one other miners who died in labor struggles. Miners Day has been celebrated on October 12 at the cemetery since 1899. The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 18, 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="36612511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612511" title="Charles Lalo">
Charles Lalo

Charles Lalo (24 February 1877 - 1 April 1953) was a French writer on aesthetics.
Lalo studied philosophy and educational theory in Bayonne and Paris, gaining a doctorate at the Sorbonne. After being a schoolmaster, he succeeded Victor Basch in the chair of aesthetics at the Sorbonne, which he held from 1933 until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="36612526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612526" title="The Girl on the Stairs (book)">
The Girl on the Stairs (book)

The Girl on the Stairs is the 5th psychological crime thriller by Scottish author Louise Welsh. The book was first published in 2012 by publisher John Murray (publisher). Welsh's first novel, "The Cutting Room", won several literary prizes. 
Plot summary.
This psychological thriller is set in Berlin. It revolves around the central character, Jane, who has recently moved from Glasgow to the city with her lover Petra. As Jane adjusts to her new life and pregnancy she becomes curious about the neighbour’s daughter Anna, the arguments she hears through the wall and Anna’s strange appearance on the stairs.
Critical Reception.
As the plot unravels, this latest psychological thriller from Louise Welsh leaves the reader constantly guessing between what is real and what could be Jane’s imagination. According to one reviewer, Welsh skilfully moulded the plot into some fresh and horrible terrain."

</doc>
<doc id="36612537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612537" title="2012–13 Pune F.C. season">
2012–13 Pune F.C. season

The 2012–13 Pune F.C. season is the club's 5th and 6th year of existence as well as its 4th season in I-League, the top-flight of Indian football.
Pune F.C. finished 2nd in the I-League, which is their best performance in the league.
After a good 2011-12 season in which the club finished 5th, Pune looked to bounce back to their 2009–10 form which saw them finish in 3rd place.
Overview.
Pre-Season.
The 2011–12 I-League season ended on 6 May 2012 for Pune but the business end of the 2012-13 season began three days later on 9 May with the announced departures of club captain and #1 goalkeeper for club and country Subrata Pal as well as central midfielder Baldeep Singh both to fellow I-League club Prayag United. It was then announced on 27 May 2012 that midfielder Paresh Shivalkar left the club and signed for newly formed Dodsal Football Club who would begin play in the Mumbai Football League.
Then on 5 June 2012 it was revealed that Pune top scorer for the last 2 seasons, Mandjou Keita, would be leaving the club to join reigning Malaysia Super League champions, Kelantan FA, on a free transfer. The Pune departures did not stop however as only three days later on 8 June 2012 it was officially announced that the 21-year-old defender, Rollingson Hungyo, would be one of the first official signings of the season for Shillong Lajong.
Then on 11 June 2012 it was officially announced that Pune had sold Indian international midfielder Lester Fernandez to Prayag United for 20 lakh in what is a notable event in Indian football history as this was the first ever transfer which involved money being given for a player instead of the usual free transfers.
Pune then made their first two signings of the season on 23 June 2012 with the signing of India international defender Nallappan Mohanraj and the even bigger signing of South Sudan international striker James Moga who scored 15 goals in the I-League in 2011-12 for Sporting Clube de Goa. Pune went on to make two more signings afterwards with the signings of Vellington Rocha and Mumtaz Akhtar from Margao FC and United Sikkim respectively. The club then signed the on-loan keeper from last season, Abhra Mondal, on a permanent deal from East Bengal on 11 July 2012.
The club then dipped into the 2012 I-League U20 championship winning academy squad by signing U20 captain Suji Kumar and Kamardeep Singh to professional contracts on 15 July 2012. The club then made their defense stronger on 30 July 2012 after they signed Zohmingliana Ralte from Shillong Lajong
Pune began pre-season training with the full squad on 16 July 2012. Seven of the players however began training with the club a week earlier due to injuries they had towards the end of last season. Those players were Amrinder Singh, John Benedick, Maninder Singh, Asim Hassan, Jeh Williamson, Kamardeep Singh, and Sukhwinder Singh. Two of the 26-member squad did not join the club till early August. They were midfielder Pierre Djidjia Douhou and South Sudan international James Moga. However defender Anas Edathodika, who is sidelined with malaria, is not decided how long he is out for.
For the first-week of training the club focused on non-ball exercises and fitness. The team was coached that week and supervised under fitness coaches Elton Menezes and Sridhar K. The second week still focused on fitness but added the ball as well for three sessions. On 3 August 2012 it was announced that the club would spend time in Goa in August and focus on technical and tactical aspects of the game and also play in a few friendlies.
The club played their first pre-season match against DSK Shivajians in Pune. Pune FC drew the match 2–2 with Singam Subhash Singh and Chika Wali scoring. The next game Pune took on the Pune F.C. Academy in which Pune FC won 2–1 with Subhash Singh scoring 2 goals. Pune and Subhash continued their good form against Deccan XI in which Pune won 3–0 with goals from Subhash (his fourth in pre-season), Jeh Williamson and an Asian trialist.
Players and Staff.
Coaching Staff.
12 May 2013

</doc>
<doc id="36612546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612546" title="Alqueria (disambiguation)">
Alqueria (disambiguation)

Alqueria or Alcaria can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36612549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612549" title="Inverell railway line">
Inverell railway line

The Inverell railway line is a closed railway line in New South Wales, Australia. The line branches from the Mungindi line at the town of Moree and travels in an easterly direction through the town of Gravesend then Warialda Rail, gradually increasing in elevation through Delungra towards the terminus at Inverell. The line opened in 1902 and was progressively closed between 1987 and 1994. Currently a section at the Moree end remains in use as a siding for the storage of railway wagons.
History.
An unsuccessful proposal by the mayor of Inverell, James H Hindmarsh was first made in 1872 to construct a railway from Tamworth to the town via Manilla, Barraba and Bingara with the possibility of extending further north to the Queensland border. However in 1876 the New South Wales parliament approved the construction of a Tamworth to Armidale line which would later extend to the border.
In 1894 surveying of a line linking Moree and Inverell began, and the Parliamentary Committee for Public Works recommended it be constructed in 1897. Construction of the first section between Moree and Gravesend commenced in June 1898, opening 1 February 1900. Construction was delayed in May 1900 when the two steel spans of for the bridge across the Gwydir River near Gravesend, the most significant bridge on the line, did not arrive from England on time. By the end of 1901, earthworks were completed along the length of the line and a timber trestle bridge across Warialda Creek was nearing completion. The section between Gravesend and Delungra officially opened with the Gwydir River bridge on 25 November 1901, and the final section between Delungra and Inverell on 10 March 1902.
Travelling time for passengers between Sydney and Inverell by rail in 1904 was over twenty four hours. In 1910, major flooding destroyed a bridge near Warialda, closing the line for three days until repairs could be completed.
Goods traffic carried on the line during its operation was primarily livestock and grain. Several silos, stock loading facilities and associated sidings are still evident along the overgrown alignment. Passenger services were mostly provided by railmotors and ran to timetables which connected with the daily "North West Mail" train from Sydney to Moree. By the 1970s, the passenger services ran four times a week while goods trains operated on the line each weekday. Petroleum products were also likely carried on the line, evidenced by Shell Oil Company company sidings at Warialda station.
Passenger services between Inverell and Moree ceased in 1983. Many smaller stations had closed prior to this date due to declining passenger numbers. The final train from Inverell yard ran on 22 June 1987, and the line beyond Delungra was decommissioned on 2 December. In August 1991, the line was further truncated to Biniguy, with the final section closed on 14 June 1994 and the line listed as out of use beyond a short siding from the junction with the Mungindi line, just south of Moree station. The bridge across the Gwydir River near Gravesend has been listed as a heritage item since 1999.
Proposed branches.
In 1927 the New South Wales parliament passed legislation entitled "Inverell to Ashford Railway Act 1927 No 27" to enable the construction of a branch line from a point near the Inverell station to the town of Ashford. The total cost to construct this line was estimated at ₤262,000. Construction was never started.
Legislation was also passed in the form of the "Glen Innes to Inverell Railway Act 1950 No 7" to allow for the construction of a link to extend the Moree to Inverell line as far as Glen Innes to connect with the Main North Line. The estimated cost of construction was £3,000,000. It was intended that the extended line could function as a quicker route to ports in the Mid North Coast and Northern Rivers regions via the incomplete Guyra to Dorrigo railway.
Potential re-use.
In 2011, the Regional Development Australia Committee - Northern Inland New South Wales backed feasibility studies based on a proposal to reopen and extend the line beyond Inverell to a new export port facility to be located near Iluka or Coffs Harbour. The estimated cost for such a link is approximately A$6 billion. Traffic on the line would be mostly coal from deposits in the Gunnedah Basin and function as an alternative to congested ports in Sydney and Newcastle.

</doc>
<doc id="36612587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612587" title="De mí">
De mí

"De mí" (English: "From Me") is a song by Mexican pop group Camila, released on July 4, 2011 as the four single from their second album, "Dejarte de Amar" (2010). "Entre tus alas" was written by Mario Domm and produced by Domm. The song reached number three on the US "Billboard" Latin Pop Airplay charts. The song was released thanks to its spectacular video premiered in September 2011 which was recorded in the Riviera Maya of Quintana Roo in Mexico.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Pedro Torres and filmed at Riviera Maya of Quintana Roo, Mexico. The video features the group playing the theme and touring the Riviera, while one member is being purified by what seems to be the healer of the tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="36612590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612590" title="Sex with a Smile II">
Sex with a Smile II

Sex with a Smile II (originally titled Spogliamoci così, senza pudor) is a 1976 commedia sexy all'italiana film directed by Sergio Martino. As its previous chapter, it is an anthology sex comedy film that features a series of four comedic sketches that parody Italian sexual mores.

</doc>
<doc id="36612601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612601" title="Ridwan dynasty">
Ridwan dynasty

The Ridwan dynasty (also spelled Radwan) was the most prominent pasha family in Palestine and the southwestern districts of the Damascus Eyalet ("Province of Damascus") in the 16th and 17th centuries under Ottoman rule. The dynasty was based in Gaza, where its members became hereditary governors ("sanjaq-begs"), although members also ruled different provinces and districts throughout the Ottoman empire at different times. The Ridwan period in Gaza was considered the city's last golden age.
History.
Founding.
The Ridwan dynasty was founded by Kara Shahin Mustafa (later known as "Mustafa Pasha"), a former "kapikulu" ("slave of the Porte") of Suleiman the Magnificent. As part of the Ottoman "devsirme" system, Mustafa received his education by the inner service of the palace, eventually being elevated to high-ranking positions in the government. In 1524, after having successively served as the governor of Erzerum and Diyarbakir and then as the personal tutor of Shahzade Bayazit, he was temporarily appointed the governorship of Gaza, which was the capital of a "sanjak" ("district") still maintaining its importance from the previous Mamluk era. By 1560, he had already been promoted to the governorship of Egypt. Taking his place as governor of Gaza was his son Ridwan Pasha, who gave the dynasty its name. Ridwan formerly served as the treasurer of Yemen.
In 1565 Ridwan was promoted to "beylerbey" ("governor-general") of Yemen for two years before returning to rule Gaza for a short period of time in 1567. Meanwhile, in 1566, Mustafa was deposed by the new sultan Selim II for his closeness to Bayazit, Selim's brother and rival for power. Mustafa died shortly thereafter. By 1571, Ridwan had been promoted to "vali" ("provincial governor") of Habesh (Coastal Ethiopia), Basra and Diyarbakir in succession. Bahram Pasha, a second son of Mustafa and a high-ranking official in the Ottoman government, became governor of Sanjak Nablus in the mid-16th-century. After some time he was promoted to "beylerbey" of Damascus and later "amir al-hajj" ("leader of the hajj caravan"), making him responsible for the pilgrimage route to Mecca.
Stronghold in Gaza.
In Gaza Ridwan was replaced by his son Ahmad Pasha, the longest-running Ridwan governor of Gaza, reigning for nearly 30 years. At times during his rule, the districts of Nablus and Jerusalem were attached to Sanjak Gaza. Under Ahmad's leadership, Gaza became the family's stronghold and base of power. Towards the 17th-century, he had Mamluk-era Qasr al-Basha enlarged and transformed into the dynasty's fortress and governor's palace. Ahmad intermittently served as "amir al-hajj". He struggled to gain promotion by the Ottoman government, having to lobby several Istanbul-based viziers and bureaucrats with large sums of money and other gifts, unlike his predecessors. He was eventually appointed as governor of Damascus in 1601. His son Hasan "'Arap" Pasha subsequently inherited the governorship of Gaza. Ahmad later died in 1607.
Hasan's nickname "Arap" ("Bedouin") derived from the Ridwan family's good relations with and reputation for keeping the Bedouin tribes in check. In the 1620s, Sultan Murad IV ordered Hasan to take part in putting down the prolonged rebellion of Fakhr ad-Din II in the Lebanon region where Hasan's Bedouin units proved particularly effective, enabling the Ottomans to defeat Fakhr ad-Din's army. During this period, Hasan gained the additional governorship of Tripoli, although he was deposed in 1644. His rule brought poverty to Sanjak Gaza and burdened the Ridwan family with heavy debt. According to his biographer Muhibbi, Hasan had numerous wives and concubines and fathered 85 children. During Hasan's lifetime, his son Husayn Pasha served as governor of Nablus and Jerusalem as well as "amir al-hajj".
After Hasan's death in 1660, Husayn inherited the governorship of Gaza and administered the district well. Because he was able to guarantee the safety of the main roads and countryside by securing and maintaining close relations with the local Bedouin tribes, Gaza and other cities in Palestine were allowed to prosper and develop extensively during Husayn's reign. Its importance was elevated to the point where Gaza was considered the "capital of Palestine." Husayn also developed benign relationships with the city's Christians and Jews, allowing the former group to construct and restore churches. He appointed his son Ibrahim ibn Husayn Ridwan as governor of Jerusalem, but Ibrahim died in 1661 during a punitive expedition against the Druze in Lebanon.
Fall.
In 1663 Husayn was sent on an expedition to assist the governor of Damascus in quelling a Bedouin rebellion, but failed and left the battle disgraced. After petitions by his enemies in the Ottoman government, he was summoned to Istanbul where he was imprisoned and killed shortly afterward. According to historian Dror Ze'evi, the Ottoman state had grown weary of the growing power of the Ridwan and believed that killing Husayn would enable them to "destroy the remnants of the extended dynasty."
Musa Pasha succeeded his brother as governor of Gaza and central Palestine the same year. The length of his rule is not exactly known, although a document from Jerusalem in 1670 listed him as governor. Musa did not continue Husayn's liberal policies with non-Muslims and more cautious in his rule. Following the end of his rule, the Ridwan dynasty was stripped of its hereditary governorship and afterward officials appointed by the Ottoman government came to rule Gaza, which gradually declined in importance.
Patronage of ruling families.
The Ridwan family saw themselves as the leaders of the wider region and the patrons of other ruling families. Farrukh, the Circassian governor of Jerusalem and founder of the prominent Farrukh dynasty, was a former "mamluk" of Bahram Pasha. The Farrukh dynasty ruled the Sanjak of Nablus up until the mid-17th-century. Kiwan, another "mamluk" of the Ridwan dynasty, became a major aid to the "wali" of Damascus before his son gained the "wali" and "amir al-hajj" positions in the 1670s.
Between the 16th and 17th centuries, three families controlled the "sanjaks" that constituted the region of Palestine. The Ridwans presided over Gaza, while the Farrukhs and Turabays presided over Nablus and Lajjun, respectively. Because of common interests and prior military slave relationships, the three families forged close ties throughout the course of their rule. The Ridwans were the dominant faction in this emerging unified dynasty. Evidence of intermarriage between the families is indicated by Ottoman registers. For example, the granddaughter of Ahmad ibn Turabay, the founder of the Turabay dynasty, was the mother of governor Assaf Farrukh Pasha. Assaf's wife was Shaqra Khatun, a daughter of governor Husayn Ridwan Pasha. After the deaths of Assaf and Shaqra, two of their sons, Muhammad Bey and Ali Bey, entered the custody of Husayn's brother, governor Musa Pasha. A daughter of Hasan "Arap" Pasha, sister to Musa and Husayn, was married to Assaf's brother Ali Farrukh.
Sharing common property also helped sustain unity among the families.
Military alliance.
The Ridwan-Farrukh-Turabay alliance treated the territories of Palestine and, at times, Transjordan as hereditary fiefdoms. During troublesome periods, the three families would unite their forces to confront challenges from rebels or local rivals. The military relationship between them originated with the protection of the annual "hajj" caravan. When a particular governor was assigned the role of "amir al-hajj", it would require him to depart from his "sanjak" for extended time periods. In order to protect their districts from Bedouin raids, tax evasion and personal property damage, departing governors normally entrusted their authority with the rulers of the neighboring "sanjak". In 1589 Ridwan Pasha requested Assaf ibn Turabay to temporarily replace him as governor of Damascus, beginning a tradition that lasted well into the 17th-century.
The mutual trust between the families developed into a firm military alliance in the early 17th-century as a result of the increasing strength of Fakhr-al-Din II in the region. Backed by the Medici Grand Duke of Tuscany, Fakhr-al-Din briefly repaired his relations with the Ottoman government and in 1622 gained control of the territories of Safad and Ajlun before becoming governor of Nablus and tax-collector in Gaza later that year. His forces proceeded to head towards Jerusalem, traversing Palestine's coastal plain. Fakhr al-Din's moves threatened the rule of the three families who, after encouragement from the sultan's court in Istanbul, formed a coalition to stop his advances. In 1623 the armies of Hasan "Arap" Pasha, Muhammad ibn Farrukh and Ahmad ibn Turabay successfully routed Fakhr al-Din's army at the Awja River, forcing him to withdraw from the Palestine region.
Legacy.
Throughout their reign, the Ridwan dynasty accumulated vast wealth in Gaza, including agricultural lands and several buildings. The family allocated a large part of that wealth to "awqaf" ("religious trusts") which they used to fund the construction and maintenance of various public buildings. Many members of the dynasty were buried in Maqbarat al-Ridwan ("Ridwan Family Graveyard") located just south of the Great Mosque. There are a few graves built out of marble.
The family restored the minarets of two mosques in the Shuja'iyya quarter of Gaza, while Musa Pasha had the minaret of the Great Mosque of Gaza rebuilt. A mosque was constructed within the confines of Qasr al-Basha fortress, which later came to be known as the Ridwan Castle in light of its function as the Ridwans' residence ("ad-Dabawiyya".) The fortress itself was outfitted with additional defenses, including arrow slits and narrow openings which were extended to employ the use of cannon.
The Qaysariyyah Market in the al-Daraj quarter was reconstructed as was the Hamam al-Sammara bathhouse and the former Khan az-Zayt caravansary. Bahram Pasha ordered the construction of the main "sabil" ("fountain") in Gaza in the mid-16th-century.

</doc>
<doc id="36612619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612619" title="Ragab Abdelhay">
Ragab Abdelhay

Ragab Abdelhay Saad Abdelrazek (born 4 March 1991) is an Egyptian weightlifter competing in the 85 kg category. He finished sixth at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36612625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612625" title="Gibraltar Detached Mole (&quot;B&quot; Head) Lighthouse">
Gibraltar Detached Mole (&quot;B&quot; Head) Lighthouse

The Gibraltar Detached Mole ("B" Head) Lighthouse is one of several lighthouses in Gibraltar, a British Overseas Territory at the south end of the Iberian Peninsula. The lighthouse is positioned west of the Rock of Gibraltar, on the Detached Mole at the south entrance to Gibraltar Harbour.
History.
Gibraltar Harbour, also referred to as the Port of Gibraltar, is on the west side of Gibraltar, at latitude 36º09'N, and longitude 5º20'W. In addition to the protection provided to the harbour by the Rock of Gibraltar, there is a system of manmade defences. These include a trio of breakwaters: the North Mole (formerly the Commercial Mole) including its Western Arm, the Detached Mole, and the South Mole. The South Mole includes an extension which was added later, and was previously known as the New Mole and New Mole Extension. The harbour has both north and south entrances. The northern entry is bordered by the Western Arm of the North Mole and the Detached Mole. The southern entry is between the Detached Mole and the South Mole.
The Gibraltar Detached Mole ("B" Head) Lighthouse is located at the south end of the Detached Mole of Gibraltar Harbour. It is positioned at the "B" Head of the Detached Mole. The lighthouse and harbour are to the north of the east end of the Strait of Gibraltar, the entrance to the Mediterranean Sea, and west of the Rock.
The Detached Mole ("B" Head) Lighthouse comprises a square tower built of concrete, on piles, with a height of . The light characteristic is a quick, flashing red light, and the range is 5 nautical miles. The focal plane of the light is .
The United Kingdom Hydrographic Office Admiralty number for the lighthouse, originating in Volume D of the "Admiralty List of Lights and Fog Signals", is D 2445. The United States National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) number, from "Publication 113 - List of Lights, Radio Aids, and Fog Signals", is 4228. Its Amateur Radio Lighthouse Society number, from the "ARLHS World List of Lights (WLOL)", is GIB-003.

</doc>
<doc id="36612628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612628" title="Gabriel Sîncrăian">
Gabriel Sîncrăian

Gabriel Sâncrăian or Gabriel Sîncrăian (born 21 December 1988 in Cluj-Napoca, Romania) is a Romanian weightlifter competing in the 85 kg category. He took part in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Sîncrăian won the bronze medal at the 2012 European Weightlifting Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36612633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612633" title="A Breed Apart (soundtrack)">
A Breed Apart (soundtrack)

A Breed Apart is the soundtrack album for the film "A Breed Apart", all of the songs performed by Maurice Gibb, the instrumentals was composed also by him, All of the instrumentals were recorded in 1984 but "Hold Her in Your Hand" and "On Time" were recorded in 1983. This soundtrack was the very last recording session at the famous Gold Star Studios in Los Angeles in 1984, Maurice attended even though he did not play on the soundtrack, Jimmie Haskell said years later that he was very impressed by Maurice's demos, especially his sensitive playing of the flute parts, Jimmie mixed the synthesizer flute into the finished recordings because he liked the sound. "Hold Her in Your Hand" was released as a single in 1984.
Track listing.
All the songs written and composed by Maurice Gibb except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="36612637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612637" title="Chuối chiên">
Chuối chiên

Chuối chiên is the Vietnamese version of fried bananas, similar to pisang goreng in Indonesia/Malaysia and Thai fried bananas (กล้วยทอด, "kluay thot").

</doc>
<doc id="36612656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612656" title="Mansur Rejepov">
Mansur Rejepov

Mansur Rejepov (born 3 January 1982) is a Turkmen weightlifter competing in the 85 kg category. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36612673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612673" title="Steven Kari">
Steven Kari

Steven Kari (born 13 May 1993 in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea) is a Papua New Guineaan weightlifter competing in the Men's 85 kg category. He finished 15th at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Kari won the gold medal at the 2011 Pacific Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36612680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612680" title="Island Timberlands">
Island Timberlands

Island Timberlands LP, a private timberlands business in British Columbia, Canada, was created in 2005 by the purchase of lands from Weyerhaeuser's coastal BC timber estate, which had originally been purchased in 1999 from MacMillan Bloedel. The private managed forest lands comprise 258,000 hectares (635,000 acres) of forest, tree farms and clearcuts. The majority of timber harvested from these lands is shipped to overseas clients as raw logs.
Island Timberlands' (IT) corporate office is located in Nanaimo, BC, and the company is certified by the Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI). Industry governed SFI certification is under scrutiny by various environmental watchdogs for greenwashing as 80% of the organization's funding comes from the wood and pulp industry and the environmental standards are vague (1,259 landslides occurred in Washingston state in 2007 on SFI lands). Under SFI certification, IT is able and planning to harvest old growth forests on Cortes Island in September 2012.
The proposed logging actions for the Fall of 2012 on Cortes Island have brought them under scrutiny and public petition by Wildstands, a Community group focusing on public awareness of realities and options in the BC forestry industry.
IT is managed by Brookfield Asset Management (BAM). BAM, one of the largest corporations in Canada, is most well known as the owner of Zucotti Park in New York City. In February 2012, Occupy movement protesters staged a 24-hour vigil in front of IT's main office.

</doc>
<doc id="36612682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612682" title="Safaa Rashed">
Safaa Rashed

Safaa Rashed Al-Jumaili (born 1 January 1990) is an Iraqi weightlifter competing in the 85 kg category. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36612696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612696" title="Vimolj, Semič">
Vimolj, Semič

Vimolj (; or "Widerzug") is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Srednja Vas.
History.
Vimolj was a Gottschee German village founded in the 17th century. In 1931 the village consisted of seven houses. The Gottschee Germans were expelled from the village in the winter of 1941–1942. Italian troops burned the village during the summer of 1942. In 1965 the Smuk Hunting Club of Semič built a hunter's lodge at the site. The site of the former village is registered as cultural heritage.
Church.
The ruins of Saint Anne's Church stand on the north side of the former village, along the forest road to the hunter's lodge. The church was burned by Italian troops during the Rog Offensive in the summer of 1942. The ruins of the church include the belfry and the outside walls of the church's rectangular name and chancel.

</doc>
<doc id="36612698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612698" title="Nkuutu Memorial Secondary School">
Nkuutu Memorial Secondary School

Nkuutu Memorial Secondary School (NKUMESCO) is one of Iganga's government aided schools, it is a church founded school and was first established as Busesa girls working together with Busesa boys on the opposite side of the road (now Busesa Mixed Primary School), as need for a secondary school arose they transformed it into a secondary school and was named in memory of Hon. Shaban Kirunda Nkuutu who was brutally killed during Amin's regime.
Nkuutu Memorial Secondary School (NKUMESCO) is home to many professional in the country stretching from journalists, engineers, health workers, and many others.
In 2007 the school was selected to be among the pioneer schools for the "Universal Secondary education (USE).
Notable Former and Current School Administrators.
Mrs Ruth Mpaata Isabirye former Head Mistress.

</doc>
<doc id="36612703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612703" title="Sublingual papilla">
Sublingual papilla

The sublingual papilla or sublingual fold is a small fold of soft tissue located on each side of the frenulum linguae binding the lips to the gums within the mouth.
In cases of pathology, papillotomy procedures are undertaken for cases of obstructive salivary gland diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="36612718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612718" title="Mikalai Novikau">
Mikalai Novikau

Mikalai Novikau (born 13 June 1986) is a Belarusian weightlifter competing in the 85 kg category. He finished eighth at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Novikau won a gold medal at the 2009 and 2010 European Weightlifting Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36612726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612726" title="Principality of Minsk">
Principality of Minsk

The Principality of Minsk was an appanage principality of the Duchy of Polotsk and centered around the city of Minsk (today in Belarus). It existed from its founding in 1101 until it was annexed by the Grand Duchy of Lithuania in 1242, and only nominally until 1413.
Geography.
The principality originally occupied territories around the Drut, Svislach and Berezina river basins. Besides the capital city of Minsk, other population centers in the principality included Barysaw, Lahojsk, Zaslawye, Orsha and the historical town of Drutsk.
History.
The area around Minsk was controlled by the principality of Polotsk beginning from the 10th century. Following the death of Vseslav of Polotsk in 1101, Polotsk was divided into six smaller principalities each to be inherited by one of his six surviving sons. Vseslav's second born son, Gleb Vseslavich inherited the lands surrounding Minsk and started the Minsk branch of the princes of Polotsk.
Almost immediately following his fathers death, Gleb Vseslavich started a war against his brothers Davyd, prince of Polotsk and Roman, prince of Drutsk to expand his territory. In 1106, he had partaken in a raid against the Baltic tribes in Semigallia. In 1116, he started a war with Vladimir II of the Principality of Kiev and burned the town of Slutsk to the ground. In retaliation, Vladimir marched towards Minsk and laid a two-month siege which was at first unsuccessful but Vladimir wanted to continue the siege following the winter season. Gleb Vseslavich upon seeing the preparations for a long siege, sent peace envoys to the enemy camp and agreed to a peace treaty on the condition of good behavior on his part. Completely ignoring the peace treaty, Gleb resumed his hostilities and in 1117, attacked Smolensk. In retaliation, Vladimir II sent his son Mstislav to Minsk with a large army. He besieged and took Minsk, and brought Gleb to Kiev as prisoner, where he died in 1119.
Following the death of Gleb Vseslavich, the principality of Minsk fell under Kievan influence. In 1146, Gleb's son, Rostislav Glebovich regained control of Minsk. Rostislav and his descendents would fight wars with the princes of Drutsk and Vitebsk. This period saw the principality's relationship with the Grand Duchy of Lithuania grow, and in 1164, Rostislav's son, Volodar Glebovich with the help of the Lithuanians, won an important battle against the Prince of Polotsk, which affirmed the principalities independence from Polotsk.
In the 13th century, the influence of Lithuanian princes grew and the princes of Minsk were virtually vassals of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. Minsk escaped the Mongol Invasion of Rus in 1237-1239, however, in later years it was attacked by nomadic invaders from the Golden Horde, who ravaged and vassalized many principalities to the south. Trying to avoid the Tatar Yoke, the Principality of Minsk sought the protection of the their Lithuanian allies and in 1242, Minsk was peacefully annexed by the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. In 1249, a combined Minsk and Lithuanian army repelled a Tatar-Mongol invasion.
The city of Minsk oversaw periods of growth and prosperity during Lithuanian reign and many local nobles enjoyed high ranking in the society of the Grand Duchy. For instance, in 1326, a treaty between Grand Duchy of Lithuania and the city of Novgorod was signed for Lithuanian Prince Gediminas by Vasily, the then ruler of Minsk.
In 1413, when the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and the Kingdom of Poland signed the Union of Horodło, the Principality of Minsk ceased to exist and the city became the center of the newly created Minsk Voivodeship.

</doc>
<doc id="36612730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612730" title="MUSA's">
MUSA's

MUSA's is a musical band led by piano/ keyboardist Martin "Musa" Musaubach. Members combination in MUSA's varies in different live shows.
While the band members' origins are from different countries, currently they are currently staying in Taipei, Taiwan, playing lives, producing self-own projects or collaborating with different musicians and vocalists as the leading band.
About.
2007 - 2011: MUSA's Trio.
The Argentine band was formed in 2007 as trio, with pianist Martin "Musa" Musaubach; bassist/ double bassist Lautaro "LuKa" Bellucca; and drummer/ percussionist José Centorbi.
From Latin to Jazz, R&B and Rock, the band traveled to China and contracted to perform in shows, festivals, lives and recording in cities including Shenzhen, Hong Kong, Kunming, Shanghai and Beijing. In Beijing they performed as the house band of Shangri-La Summit Wing Hotel in Guo Mao, Chaoyang Area.
From composing to arrangement and playing the music live, the trio shares their passion towards jazz, Latin jazz, blues or fusion to the audience in every second they are with their instruments.
In 2007, Gaofei met Musa and LuKa when he was still performing in BR Connection (also with guitarist Fabio Moreira) during an open performance in Shenzhen China. Gaofei joined Musa and LuKa as drummer for the new MUSA'S Trio when José left the band in 2010.
The new trio moved and settled in Taipei starting from the 3rd quarter of 2011.
From 2011: MUSA's Trio x Gary Chaw Project SENSATION.
In 2011, Michael Tu, a famous music producer in Taiwan, introduced MUSA's Trio to the Malaysian singer & vocalist Gary Chaw. Shortly and naturally, they knew and became friends of each other with some brief communication in music.
Starting from music, presented by the vocalist Gary Chaw, the producer Michael Tu and MUSA's Trio, SENSATION was formed. This title for the group is not only a band, but a music concept and a "label", showing different possibilities and creativity in music. The group remains the "formula" of "Gary Chaw + MUSA's Trio = SENSATION" throughout the production. They "secretly" performed in Riverside Café Taipei once in 2011 for their debut.
From December 2011 to early January in 2012, Gary Chaw, with MUSA's Trio and Michael Tu, presented the "Gary Chaw SENSATION x JAZZ" concerts in Taipei, Kaohsiung and Taichung. At the same time there came the limited single "Project Sensation JAZZ" solely available in the live hall and online music showcase, including "All I Have To Do Is Dream" and "I Just Called To Say I Love You". The songs are newly arranged by MUSA's Trio, and the single also included 2 instrumental tracks of the songs played by the trio.
In June 2012, MUSA's Trio with Gary Chaw as SENSATION released their debut album "Gary Chaw Project Sensation 1 Jazz", with arrangements and instrumentals done by MUSA's Trio. Kicked off in July 14 at Taipei, soon enough the "SENSATION Jazz Concert" (「SENSATION 爵士音樂會」) was also presented in Singapore and Malaysia, as the warm-up towards the "Gary Chaw Sensational Sound Concert" in Hong Kong Coliseum in August.
Though not being noted as SENSATION, the trio band members actually involved in the album production for Gary Chaw in his latest work "Hollywood Zoo", accompanying and arranging the instrumental of the tracks.
2013: MU5A's the Quintet and expansion.
Since the 4th quarter in 2012, MUSA's Trio started collaborating with different musicians, fusing new possibilities in their careers, particularly in live playing as leader or sidemen for various collaborators.
In April 2013, the guitarist Fabio Moreira joined MUSA's Trio as the quartet member for live shows and the band soon started new recording in "SENSATION Project 2" for Gary Chaw. In June the trio welcomed the joining of Fabio and in August, Danny, thus expanding the band as MUS4's (quartet) and MU5A's (quintet) - a small jazz ensemble with complete rhythm section and lead instruments consists of percussionist, bassist, pianist, guitarist and trumpeter.
From 2013 summer onwards, when MUSA's members are performing with the vocalists of DFM, Shiny Lv and Norma, the group will be also remarked as DFM Jazz Club. From time to time varying the group combination from quartet to quintet as well as collaborating with different musicians in projects, meanwhile MUSA's members are constantly joining different music shows as solo sideman or in full group, recordings and hosting open jam in different venues in Taipei.
Musa's first studio album, "3690", released in August 2013 with key personnel in the production including LuKa and Gaofei, set off the debut studio release for the originals MUSA's Trio and key members in the band as new band-leading musicians. Starting from late September 2013, while LuKa's own group LuKa Group had performed debut and need time in focusing personal work, some other personnel will be playing bass with the band in MUSA's upcoming live ("at least for a while", yet still feature LuKa as guest player).
Members.
"Frequent personnel"
"Bassist (MUSA's 2013/09~)"
"Past members"
Concerts & Shows.
Below is the live date archive for MUSA's. Show locations in Taipei city if not specified.
Frequent members in live shows stated in the archive if not noted will be as Trio: Musa (piano/key), Luka (b) and Adriano (dr). As Quartet: Musa (piano/key), Luka (b), Adriano (dr) and Fabio (g). As Quintet: Musa (piano/key), Luka (b), Adriano (dr), Fabio (g) and Danny (trumpet). As DFM Jazz Club: Musa (piano/key), Luka (b), Adriano (dr) and Fabio (g), with or without some more musicians and featuring vocals from DFM Records. Starting from September 2013, live performance in MUSA's will have different personnel for the bass.
Band as leader.
2012
2013
2014
As SENSATION.
2011~2013
Releases.
Single
Album
DVD

</doc>
<doc id="36612734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612734" title="Abdi Jeylani Malaq Marshale">
Abdi Jeylani Malaq Marshale

Abdi Jeylani Malaq Marshale (c. 1969 – 31 July 2012) was a Somali journalist and comedian.
Career.
Marshale worked as a drama producer and performer at Mogadishu's Kulmiye Radio in the southern part of Somalia. He also worked with Universal TV, a London-based Somali satellite television station. 
Marshale was also one of the country's most popular comedians. Well-known for his parodies of the local Islamist militants, he had been threatened by the Al-Shabaab insurgent group in 2012, forcing him to hide in the northern Somaliland region for several days.
Death.
On 31 July 2012, Marshale was shot dead by two unknown pistol-wielding men after leaving the radio station in Mogadishu. He was the eighth person to be killed in targeted attacks on media personnel in Somalia in 2012, according to Amnesty International. Marshale's funeral was attended by hundreds of journalists, relatives, supporters and dignitaries.

</doc>
<doc id="36612752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612752" title="Cone top">
Cone top

A cone top (also called a cap-sealed can, cone-top, or conetop) is a type of can, especially a type of beverage can, introduced in 1935. Cone tops were designed in response to flat top beer cans as a hybrid between beer bottle and flat top can.
Because they were typically made with steel, beverage cans faded out with the advent of metal shortages during World War II. They were continued after the war, but fell out of use in 1960. They are now considered collector's items.
Types:

</doc>
<doc id="36612754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612754" title="Dzina Sazanavets">
Dzina Sazanavets

Dzina Sazanavets (born 25 October 1990 in Klichaw, Belarus) is a weightlifter representing Belarus. She was placed fourth at the 2012 Summer Olympics at the women's 69 kg event, just after her countrymate Maryna Shkermankova.

</doc>
<doc id="36612773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612773" title="Anna Nurmukhambetova">
Anna Nurmukhambetova

Anna Nurmukhambetova (born 28 July 1993 in Kokshetau, Kazakhstan) is a Kazakhstani weightlifter representing Kazakhstan. She finished fifth in the 69kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics

</doc>
<doc id="36612798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612798" title="Mir-Mahna">
Mir-Mahna

Mir-Mahna (sometimes spelled "Mir Mahna") is a computer game based on the life of Mir Mahna, an Amir of Kharg, Iran who successfully fought against Dutch colonial forces in Iran during the 1740s reign of Nader Shah. Introduced in August 2010 at Gamescom 2010, "Mir-Mahna" officially was released in Tehran, Iran in February 2011. "Mir-Mahna" is the first Iranian game about the life of a contemporary Iranian hero and the second game after "" to focus on Iranian heroes. The game story line was based on a series of books entitled, "On the Red Marine Roads" by Nader Ebrahimi, an Iranian writer, screenwriter, photographer, director and actor. By using traditional Iranian music with modern computer motion capture, the game designers sought to introduce Iranian culture and civilization worldwide. This was part of a larger effort by the Iranian government to use computer games to help convey its culture.

</doc>
<doc id="36612804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612804" title="Appstar Financial">
Appstar Financial

Appstar Financial is a financial services company based in San Diego, California U.S.A. The company provides transaction processing products and services for credit and debit, and other card transactions.
ISO/MSP.
Appstar Financial is a registered Independent Sales Organization / Merchant Services Provider (ISO/MSP) of Fifth Third Bank.
History.
Founded in 2002, Appstar has been accredited by the Better Business Bureau since September 24, 2002.
Services.
Appstar provides credit card merchant services. As an ISO/MSP in the electronic payments Industry, Appstar is a provider of merchant accounts, a type of bank account that allows businesses to accept payments by payment cards like debit or credit cards or gift cards.
In addition to card processing services, Appstar sells and leases credit card processing machines through direct sales and a series of resellers.
Customers.
The company states that it provides services to small to medium-sized retail, home, and internet merchants.
Controversy.
Former agents have been critical of Appstar for leads quality, some have vocalized this but as of April 2013 the company retains an A+ rating from the Better Business Bureau. Because of their prompt attention to all complaints from either customers or agents.

</doc>
<doc id="36612821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612821" title="Chris Smith (basketball, born 1987)">
Chris Smith (basketball, born 1987)

Chris Smith (born October 13, 1987) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Erie BayHawks of the NBA Development League.
High school career.
Smith averaged 18.8 points, 5.3 rebounds, 4.9 assists and 2.8 steals in his final prep season at St. Benedict's Prep. Chris was honored on the first team All-Freelance League team as a senior. Before playing at St. Benedict's, he played at Lakewood High School for three years, scoring over 1,300 career points. At Lakewood High School, he also played wide receiver and kicker for the football team.
College career.
Manhattan Jaspers.
As a freshman and sophomore, Chris Smith played for the Manhattan Jaspers. He wore the number 2. During his freshman year (2007-2008), Smith averaged 9.9 points per game, 1 assists per game, and shot 40.4 percent from the field. Smith also shot 28.1 percent from three. The Jaspers went 12-19, that year. During his sophomore year (2008-2009), Smith averaged 13.4 ppg, 1.2 apg, shot 36.2% from the field, and 28.8% from three point range. The Jaspers finished off the season over .500 at a 16-14 record. Smith transferred to Louisville to complete his college career.
Louisville Cardinals.
After transferring from Manhattan, Smith played for the Louisville Cardinals during his junior and senior year in college. Smith wore number 5. During his junior year (2010-2011), Smith averaged 9.4 ppg, 2.5 apg, shot 45.8% from the field, and 40.4% from three point range. This was an improvement in 3 point shooting from his lower class years at Manhattan. The Cardinals finished the season with a 25-10 record. As a senior, Smith averaged 9.7 points, 3.6 rebounds, and 1.9 assists.
Professional career.
After going undrafted in the 2012 NBA Draft, Smith joined the New York Knicks for the 2012 NBA Summer League in Las Vegas. In the summer league, Smith averaged 5.2 points per game, 2 rebounds per game, and 1.4 assists per game, playing alongside some newly signed Knicks James White and Chris Copeland. On August 1, 2012, he signed with the Knicks. After suffering a knee injury during training camp, Smith was waived by the Knicks on October 26.
Smith re-joined the New York Knicks for the 2013 NBA Summer League and was later signed by the Knicks on September 11, 2013. On November 18, 2013, he was assigned to the Erie BayHawks. On December 17, 2013, he was recalled by the Knicks. On December 31, 2013, he was waived by the Knicks. On January 7, 2014, he was re-acquired by the BayHawks. On March 4, 2014, he was released by the BayHawks.
Personal.
Smith is the younger brother of current New York Knick J. R. Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="36612827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612827" title="Mercy Obiero">
Mercy Obiero

Mercy Apondi Obiero born on August 27, 1978 in Nairobi is a Kenyan weightlifter.
She was the first Kenyan woman weight lifter at the Olympics and the second in Africa after Uganda’s Irene Ajiambo 
Obiero made her international debut at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester where she failed to get a result. Four years later, she participated at the Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, where she finished in 7th place in the up to 63 kg weight class. In 2010 she competed at the Commonwealth Games in Delhi and finished in 5th position in the up to 69 kg weight class.
Obiero competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London where she qualified and finished 13th in the up to 69 kg category. Her heaviest lift was 181 kg.
Obiero is married. Her older brother is the weightlifter David Obiero.

</doc>
<doc id="36612829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612829" title="...And Six Dark Hours Pass">
...And Six Dark Hours Pass

...And Six Dark Hours Pass is an LP by the American industrial band ATelecine, released in 2010 by Dais Records.
It was recorded and mixed at the Gayblade and NTBH Sounds, and limited to 500 hand-numbered copies.
Tracklist.
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="36612857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612857" title="Miss Universe Puerto Rico 2013">
Miss Universe Puerto Rico 2013

The 58th Annual Miss Universe Puerto Rico pageant was held at the Centro de Bellas Artes de Santurce, on August 29, 2012 in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Bodine Koehler, who won the title of Miss Universe Puerto Rico 2012, crowned her successor, Miss Arecibo, Monic Marie Pérez as Miss Universe Puerto Rico 2013, who then represented Puerto Rico at Miss Universe 2013 on November 9, 2013 in Moscow, Russia.
Also, the contestants from Puerto Rico for the Miss Intercontinental 2013, Miss Supranational 2013, Miss Continente Americano 2013 and Top Model of the World Puerto Rico 2013 competitions were chosen.
Contestants.
Here is a list of the official 32 contestants:
Miss Universe Puerto Rico 2013 Mall Tour.
The delegates of the Miss Universe Puerto Rico 2013 edition, made a summer mall tour on the most importants malls of the island. During the tour the delegates competed on different mini competitions and presented JcPenney's summer season clothes on the runway. The mall tour mini competition awards were given as follow:
Gala de Premios (Special Awards Gala).
It took place on August 23, it was hosted by Puerto Rican TV host Alexandra Fuentes. These awards were given:
These awards were given during the pageant on August 29:

</doc>
<doc id="36612870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612870" title="EmbroidMe">
EmbroidMe

EmbroidMe is a U.S based franchise that specializes in custom embroidery and screen printing. It is part of the United Franchise Group. The company was founded in 2000 by Ray Titus who launched the first store in West Palm Beach. EmbroidMe has over 350 units across the world, with regional offices in Australia, Canada and the United States. Other locations include Bahamas, Great Britain, New Zealand, Mexico, Nicaragua, Singapore, South Africa, Malaysia and Qatar.
Company Overview.
The company's headquarters is located in West Palm Beach, Florida. EmbroidMe offers promotional products and services such as monogramming. The company’s list of products includes corporate apparel, shirts, uniforms and other clothing. Products are sold through the company’s many retail outlets across the world.
EmbroidMe was ranked 72nd in "Entrepreneur"’s 2008 fastest growing franchise list. In 2010, the Advertising Speciality Institute listed EmbroidMe among the top 40 promotional product distributors in North America based on the company's sales. EmbroidMe was ranked 421st on the 2011 Franchise 500 list.
Product.
EmbroidMe provides customized apparel and products. The company’s list of services include garment printing services, embroidery services, personalized gifts and promotional products.

</doc>
<doc id="36612888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612888" title="England women's national lacrosse team">
England women's national lacrosse team

The England women's national lacrosse team represents England at women's lacrosse. It is governed by the English Lacrosse Association. They are currently ranked 4th in the world. They were runners-up in the Women's Lacrosse World Cup twice, and have also hosted the tournament twice. The team are now preparing for the 2013 FIL Women's Lacrosse World Cup, which will be held in Oshawa, Canada. The team is a full member of the Federation of International Lacrosse.

</doc>
<doc id="36612896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612896" title="Baltimore American Indian Center">
Baltimore American Indian Center

The Baltimore American Indian Center, Inc. (BAIC) is a center for Urban Indians that is located in Baltimore, Maryland. The center was founded in 1968 to serve the growing Lumbee community in Baltimore. In 2011 the center established a museum for Native American heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="36612906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612906" title="A Cassette Tape Culture (Phase One)">
A Cassette Tape Culture (Phase One)

A Cassette Tape Culture (Phase One) is the second recording by Pendu Sound Recordings of the American industrial band ATelecine, released in 2010 in limited edition of 500.
Tracklist.
Side Y
Side Z

</doc>
<doc id="36612936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612936" title="Malvidin glucoside-ethyl-catechin">
Malvidin glucoside-ethyl-catechin

Malvidin glucoside-ethyl-catechin is a flavanol-anthocyanin adduct. Flavanol-anthocyanin adducts are formed during wine ageing through reactions between anthocyanins and tannins present in grape, with yeast metabolites such as acetaldehyde. Acetaldehyde-induced reactions yield ethyl-linked species such as malvidin glucoside-ethyl-catechin.
This compound has a better color stability at pH 5.5 than malvidin-3O-glucoside. When the pH was increased from 2.2 to 5.5, the solution of the pigment became progressively more violet (λmax = 560 nm at pH 5.5), whereas similar solutions of the anthocyanin were almost colorless at pH 4.0.
Other types of aldehyde, such as isovaleraldehyde, benzaldehyde, propionaldehyde, isobutyraldehyde, formaldehyde or 2-methylbutyraldehyde, show the same reactivity in model solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="36612937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612937" title="Winiso">
Winiso

WinISO (Now it is known as WinISO Standard 6) is an application for Windows for editing the CD/DVD/Blu-ray Disc image files. (i.e. ISO, BIN, CCD, MDS, NRG). It can perform every function for a disc, including creating, converting, editing, extracting, and burning disc images. It is also capable of converting between ISO and BIN/CUE and other disc image file format.
Moreover, it is able to edit the contents of the ISO file directly; it can create new ISO9660, UDF, even HFS+ images or create an image file directly from a CD/ DVD/ Blu-ray Disc. In addition, it can make bootable ISO image files and mount ISO files as Explorer files, or burn images to disc.
It is the first ISO editing software in the world. The first version of WinISO was released in 2001. WinISO Standard is available for free download, but without registering WinISO can only be used for images under 500MB. WinISO is produced by WinISO Computing Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="36612945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612945" title="A Cassette Tape Culture (Phase Two)">
A Cassette Tape Culture (Phase Two)

A Cassette Tape Culture (Phase Two) is a collection by the American industrial band ATelecine released in 2011, of previously unreleased outtakes, demos, and remixes from sessions from the first 3 out-of-print aTelecine releases aVigillant Carpark EP, ...And Six Dark Hours Pass, and A Cassette Tape Culture (Phase One). Some obviously correspond to earlier released material while others do not allude to anything else but a foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="36612949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612949" title="St. Basil of Ostrog Monastery">
St. Basil of Ostrog Monastery

St. Basil of Ostrog Monastery () is a Serbian Orthodox monastery dedicated to Saint Basil of Ostrog located in the village of Crnogorci near the town of Imotski in Dalmatia, Croatia. The construction of the monastery began in 2005, and it had been suspended in 2006 after protests from the municipality of Podbablje.

</doc>
<doc id="36612960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612960" title="2006 Bank of the West Classic – Doubles">
2006 Bank of the West Classic – Doubles

Cara Black and Rennae Stubbs were the defending champions, but both chose not to compete that year.
Anna-Lena Grönefeld and Shahar Pe'er won the title, defeating Maria Elena Camerin and Gisela Dulko 6–1, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36612978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612978" title="Kamrupi Dholiya">
Kamrupi Dholiya

Kamrupi Dholiya is a professional drummers from Kamrup. Though associated with playing dhols or drums, are too known for mixing acting and acrobatic skills with same. Spontaneity of expressions and quickness of mind and feet were the hallmarks of Kamrupi Dholiya's. Drumming is accompanied by songs and acting skills.

</doc>
<doc id="36612982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612982" title="1991–92 Reading F.C. season">
1991–92 Reading F.C. season

During the 1991–92 English football season, Reading F.C. competed in the Football League Third Division, FA Cup, League Cup and League Trophy. It was their first season with Mark McGhee as their player-manager and they finished in 12th place in the league. They also reached Round 3 of the FA Cup, Round 1 of the League Cup and the Southern Primarily Group of the League Trophy.
Team kit.
Reading's kit for the 1991–92 was manufactured by Matchwinner, and the main sponsor was HAT Painting.

</doc>
<doc id="36612987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612987" title="CatChum">
CatChum

CatChum is a text-only clone of "Pac-man" written for the CP/M operating system and made to be operated on the early Kaypro line of luggable computers.
CatChum was made within the limitations of Kaypro's early text-only computers. As a result, the maze is made from a series of dashes and other punctuation marks. The Pac-man character is a letter C which goes from upper to lower case intermittently(to simulate a chomping Pac-man). The four ghosts are letter A's (which turn to M's when the CatChum Pac-man chomps a power-pellet) and the "fruit" are represented by a dollar sign. One of the major down sides of this clone is that Kaypros of that era did not have the ability to flip the text characters. As a result, even when the CatChum Pac-man is chomping pellets on his left, for example, his chomping mouth is still on the right.
There was no sound in this game. Instead, flashing text messages would appear every now and then saying things like "Get Set!", "Get Ready!" or "Go for it!"
Along with Star Trek, Aliens and Ladder, CatChum was one of the games that came with the software bundle of the early Kaypro computers.
"CatChum" was written by Yahoo Software of Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="36612988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612988" title="A Cassette Tape Culture (Phase Three)">
A Cassette Tape Culture (Phase Three)

A Cassette Tape Culture (Phase Three) is a collection by the American industrial band ATelecine released in 2011, of previously unreleased outtakes, demos, and remixes from sessions from the first 3 out-of-print aTelecine releases aVigillant Carpark EP, ...And Six Dark Hours Pass, and A Cassette Tape Culture (Phase One).

</doc>
<doc id="36612989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36612989" title="Sverker">
Sverker

Sverker is a studio album by Neo-Medieval group Corvus Corax.

</doc>
<doc id="36613017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613017" title="Tamangori">
Tamangori

In Mangaian mythology, Tamangori was a giant who stood over nine feet tall and lived in a cave amongst the corals. He was known to hunt and eat humans, he also moved silently catching people unaware, striking fear in the hearts of the people of Mangaia.

</doc>
<doc id="36613018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613018" title="List of medieval Latin commentators on Aristotle">
List of medieval Latin commentators on Aristotle

This is a list of commentators on the works of Aristotle who wrote in Latin, from the Late Antique to the last years of the European Middle Ages. The names are given in their Latin forms.
"Sources": Taken from Charles H. Lohr, "Commentateurs d'Aristote au Moyen-Âge Latin" (1988).

</doc>
<doc id="36613026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613026" title="Noel Fisher">
Noel Fisher

Noel Fisher (born March 13, 1984) is a Canadian actor. He is best known for his portrayal of Mickey Milkovich on the Showtime series "Shameless", as well as his portrayal of Cael Malloy on the FX series "The Riches". He played Ellison "Cotton Top" Mounts in the Emmy Award winning mini-series "Hatfields & McCoys" as well as Vladimir, a 1500 year old vampire in ""
Fisher was born in Vancouver, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="36613047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613047" title="Surya Institute">
Surya Institute

Surya Institute or (SI) is an Indonesian-based organization specializing in training and educational development. Surya Institute was founded in 2006 by physicist Yohanes Surya. Surya Institute offices are located in the SURE Center, Summarecon Serpong, Tangerang, Banten, Indonesia
Activities and International Event.
Surya Institute often works with governments, local organizations, private companies and the international community to undertake research and development of teaching materials and teaching methods. It also routinely conducts teacher training events, seminars, road shows, TV shows, talk shows, and science camps.
In reaching their goal, they often partners with other organizations to run international educational events, such as:
In 2009, the foundation worked in Papua. They are looking for children of Papua, bringing them to the SURE Center, Summarecon Serpong, Tangerang, Banten, Indonesia and teach them physics & mathematics with GASING methods.

</doc>
<doc id="36613060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613060" title="Nothofagus solandri var. cliffortioides">
Nothofagus solandri var. cliffortioides

Nothofagus solandri var. cliffortioides, commonly called Mountain beech (Māori: tawhai rauriki), is a variety of the tree species "Nothofagus solandri", endemic to New Zealand. Mountain beech grows in mountainous regions at high altitudes.
Mountain Beech grows to around 20 metres but near the treeline forms a "goblin forest" where the trees are no more than 2m tall. 
"N. solandri var. cliffortioides" leaves are elongated and have a pointed end. The other variety of "N. solandri", "Nothofagus solandri var. solandri" has shorter rounder leaves. There is however considerable difference in leaf shape within the varieties, and hybridisation does occur between them.

</doc>
<doc id="36613068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613068" title="100% (Angela Dimitriou album)">
100% (Angela Dimitriou album)

100% (Greek: "Εκατό τοις εκατό"; English: "One hundred percent") is the 22nd studio album by Greek singer Angela Dimitriou. It was released in Greece in 1998 by Minos EMI. It reached gold status. This is the third collaboration of Angela Dimitriou with songwriter Phoebus.
Credits and Personnel.
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="36613071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613071" title="Chris Bartley (rower)">
Chris Bartley (rower)

Chris Bartley (born 2 February 1984) is a British rower.
Personal life.
Bartley studied biology at the University of Nottingham.

</doc>
<doc id="36613075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613075" title="Bluesy Burrell">
Bluesy Burrell

Bluesy Burrell (also released as Out of This World) is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell with saxophonist Coleman Hawkins recorded in 1962 and originally released on the Moodsville label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars stating "This session is valuable for the majestic playing of tenor great Coleman Hawkins, who performs on half of the eight tracks". The All About Jazz review stated "It's definitely a variety album, with many tunes to choose from. Burrell is the star (his high ringing tone also plays octaves here and there), but everyone has their time in the spotlight, especially Hawkins, having a grand time on his last session for Prestige".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Kenny Burrell except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36613076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613076" title="Chris Bartley">
Chris Bartley

Chris Bartley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36613083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613083" title="Sebastian Wang-Hansen">
Sebastian Wang-Hansen

Sebastian Wang-Hansen (born 1988) is a Norwegian sailor. He was born in Tønsberg, and represents the Royal Norwegian Yacht Club. He competed in sailboard at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36613093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613093" title="Jannicke Stålstrøm">
Jannicke Stålstrøm

Jannicke Stålstrøm (born 1969) is a Norwegian sailor. She was born in Tønsberg, and represents Horten Seilforening. She competed at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36613118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613118" title="Technological Educational Institute of Chalkida">
Technological Educational Institute of Chalkida

The Technological Educational Institute (TEI) of Chalkida is a higher-educational institute supervised by the Minister of Education, Lifelong Learning and Religious Affairs. 
Technological Educational Institute of Chalkida (TEIHAL) was founded in 1983 and since 1986 is located in Psachna, Euboea very close to the city of Chalkida. It consists of two schools: the School of Technological Applications and the School of Management and Finance.

</doc>
<doc id="36613122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613122" title="Andrea Biglia">
Andrea Biglia

Andrea Biglia (c.1395 – 1435) was an Italian Augustinian humanist, known as a moral philosopher and historian.
Life.
He was born in Milan, and became an Augustian hermit in 1412. After time studying in Padua he came to the Santo Spirito, Florence in 1418.
In 1423 he moved to Bologna, and by the end of the 1420s, after a period at Pavia. He was teaching at the University of Siena, having left Bologna because of anti-papal feeling in 1428. There he died of the plague in 1435.
Associations.
An early influence was Gasparino Barzizza at Padua, and Sicco Polento, another pupil there, became a friend. Biglia in Florence met the humanist circle including Ambrogio Traversari: others were Giovanni Aurispa, Leonardo Bruni and Niccolò Niccoli. In Bologna he associated with Niccolò Albergati. There he encountered Aurispa again, and the other humanists Leon Battista Alberti, Giovanni Lamola, Antonio Panormita, and Giovanni Toscanella. His interest in Islamic history was stimulated by the 1432 visit to Siena of Sigismund of Hungary. In it he was an apologist for the 1424 taking of Forlì by the Visconti.
Works.
Biglia wrote a treatise against the populist preacher Bernardino of Siena. In connection with this dispute, Biglia wrote on the Holy Name of Jesus, and these theological writings proved influential. Some of Biglia's own sermons survive.
As a historian he wrote on Eastern Christendom and Islam, including a history of the Mongols. His best-known work "Rerum mediolanensium historia" was a history of Milan in the period 1402–1431 in the style of Livy. In it he was an apologist for the 1424 taking of Forlì by the Visconti.
As a translator he worked on the "Vita Timoleontis" of Plutarch from Greek, which he had learned at some point, and some of Aristotle.

</doc>
<doc id="36613133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613133" title="Earle Hesse Kennard">
Earle Hesse Kennard

Earle Hesse Kennard (August 2, 1885 – January 31, 1968) was a theoretical physicist and professor at Cornell University. He was born in Columbus, Ohio and studied at Pomona College and Oxford University. He went on to earn his Ph.D. from Cornell in 1913, where he would continue most of his scientific career. During a 1926 sabbatical spent at the University of Göttingen, he learned the newly developing quantum mechanics of Werner Heisenberg and Pascual Jordan. With this knowledge, he derived the first rigorous form of the uncertainty principle and fully solved several simple quantum mechanics problems for the first time. In 1926, he was appointed professor of physics at Cornell, which he remained until 1946.
In 1941, still at Cornell, he became a part-time consultant at the David Taylor Model Basin (DTMB), the United States Navy modelling facility. In the period 1946–49 he was the head of the hydromechanics laboratory, and from 1950 until 1957 he was head of the structural mechanics laboratory. From 1957 until his retirement in 1960 he was a general scientific consultant to the commanding officer of the DTMB. Also after his retirement he continued to work for the DTMB under contract. Much of his research for the Navy focussed on hydrodynamics and elasticity, in particular on the theory of potential flow, the physics of underwater explosions and structural vibrations.

</doc>
<doc id="36613161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613161" title="Medvedjek, Loški Potok">
Medvedjek, Loški Potok

Medvedjek ( or "Bärnheim") is a former village in the Municipality of Loški Potok in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region. Its territory is now part of the village of Trava.
Name.
The name "Medvedjek" and names like it (e.g., "Medvedjek, Medvedce, Gorenje Medvedje Selo") is relatively common in Slovenia as a toponym, choronym, and oronym. The name "Medvedjek" was originally *"Medvedjak" (< *"Medvědьjakъ"), derived from the personal name "Medved", which is still a Slovene surname. The surname "Medved" is based on the identical common noun "medved" 'bear'. The German name "Bärenheim", literally 'bear's home', is semantically similar.
History.
Medvedjek was an independent settlement before the Second World War. A sawmill operated in the settlement. In 1890 it had a population of 107. In 1971 the settlement consisted of only two houses, one housing a state hunting official and another housing a forestry worker and his family.

</doc>
<doc id="36613180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613180" title="Stig André Berge">
Stig André Berge

Stig André Berge (born 1983) is a Norwegian wrestler. He was born in Oslo. He competed in Greco-Roman wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36613198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613198" title="Whippendell Wood">
Whippendell Wood

Whippendell Wood (or Whippendell Woods) is an ancient woodland on the edges of Watford, England, covering an area of . It is owned and managed by Watford Borough Council. It is a Site of Special Scientific Interest, and has held this status since 1954. Its present name comes from the Anglo-Saxon name "Wippa denu", meaning "Wippa's valley".
History.
Whippendell Wood is an ancient woodland, meaning it has been continuously wooded since at least 1600. The wood was formerly part of the Cassiobury estate. There is an avenue of Lime trees dating back to 1672, which runs diagonally through the wood. The northern section of the wood was replanted at some point in the 18th or 19th century. Other phases of clearing and replanting followed in the 1940s and 1960s. In 1987, a storm damaged many of the trees in the wood.
Wildlife.
Whippendell Wood has been designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest, due to its diverse range of fungi and invertebrates. Originally, it was listed in 1954 with Harrocks Wood, but was declared as an SSSI on its own in 1986.
Flora.
A range of trees can be found in the wood, which is predominantly composed of oak, beech, ash and silver birch. There are also a significant number of cherry, hawthorn, hazel, holly and hornbeam trees. Sycamore trees are also found in the wood, but these are being felled as part of a management plan, as they are not native to the area.
The wood is known for its bluebells, which are particularly prominent in April–May. There are also a few rare species of fungus, including "Crepidotus cinnabarinus", which has only been recorded on three other occasions in the whole of Europe. First noted in the wood in 1995, samples are now kept at Kew Gardens.
Fauna.
The wood is home to a number of bird species, including Great spotted, Lesser spotted and Green woodpeckers, tawny owls and sparrow hawks. Mammals found in the wood include bats, badgers and deer.
Present use.
The wood is open to the public, and there are several footpaths and orienteering routes through the wood. The wood is popular with dog walkers, and is also used as a shortcut to Cassiobury Park. Horses are not permitted into the wood, but there is also a track for horse riders which runs around the perimeter.
Whippendell Wood has been used as a filming location in "Star Wars", for exterior shots on the planet Naboo. It has also featured in television series such as "Holby City" and "Silent Witness".
Watford Borough Council own the wood, with their maintenance funded by income from filming and the Forestry Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="36613256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613256" title="Darko (surname)">
Darko (surname)

Darko is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36613263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613263" title="I Am Cold">
I Am Cold

I Am Cold is the second album by the post-punk band Rip Rig + Panic, released in 1982 through Virgin Records.
Track listing.
All songs written by Rip Rig + Panic

</doc>
<doc id="36613267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613267" title="Tetrakis(pyridine)silver(II) peroxydisulfate">
Tetrakis(pyridine)silver(II) peroxydisulfate

Tetrakis(pyridine)silver(II) peroxydisulfate is a chemical compound which contains silver in the rare oxidation state of +2.
Preparation.
The salt can be easily prepared by oxidizing a soluble silver salt with excess potassium peroxydisulfate in aqueous pyridine solution, where upon the product precipitates out almost quantitatively.
Structure.
Since the Ag2+ ion has a d9 configuration, the salt is paramagnetic.
Properties.
The compound is in the form of non-hygroscopic orange needles. It is stable in the air for several days when stored from light, and is stable up to several months if dried in vacuo over potassium hydroxide, decomposing into a white paste. Its stability can be attributed to its insolubility in both polar and non-polar solvents. 
The compound decomposes at 137°C. It dissolves in concentrated nitric acid without reduction, and is converted to the black silver(II) oxide in aqueous sodium hydroxide solution.
It is a powerful oxidizing agent, and is illustrated by the fact that it oxidizes Mn2+ ions to permanganates. When the pyridine ligands were removed, the transient square planar [Ag(H2O)4]2+ remains, which spontaneously oxidizes water to oxygen.
Applications in organic chemistry.
The complex ion can easily oxidize alcohol, aldehyde and amine, and capable of decarboxylating α-hydroxycarboxylic acids and phenylacetic acids to give the corresponding carbonyl compounds. Benzylic C-H bonds are oxidatively converted to carbonyl groups:
Aromatic thiols and allylaryl thioethers are oxidized to arylsulfonic acids, which gives an alternative route to produce arylsulfonic acids with mild conditions.
Safety.
As the compound contains the peroxydisulfate ion as the counter anion, this compound should be treated as an explosive even though its explosive properties were not well established. The complex also releases tiny amounts of pyridine vapor which is a possible carcinogen.

</doc>
<doc id="36613268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613268" title="Geraldine Lee Wei Ling">
Geraldine Lee Wei Ling

Geraldine Lee (born 19 June 1987) is a Singaporean kayaker. During the 2012 Summer Olympics, she represented Singapore in the Women's Kayak Single (K1) 200m and Women's Kayak Single (K1) 500m.

</doc>
<doc id="36613269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613269" title="Jelendol, Ribnica">
Jelendol, Ribnica

Jelendol (; or "Hirisgruben", Gottscheerish: "Hirisgruəbn") is a settlement south of Rakitnica in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Name.
According to Snoj, names like "Jêlendol", pronounced /ɛː/, are ultimately derived from the Slovene common noun "jelen" 'red deer', meaning 'deer hollow, deer valley', but names like "Jélendol", pronounced /eː/, are instead derived from *"Jélin dôl", literally 'fir hollow, fir valley' from the Slovene common noun "jela" 'fir'. This toponym is one of the latter. The German name "Hirschgruben" and the Gottscheerish name "Hirisgruəbn" mean 'deer hollow' (cf. German "Hirsch" 'deer', Gottscheerish "hiris" 'deer').
History.
Jelendol was a Gottschee German settlement. North of the village, on the slope of Strmec Hill, are the remnants of an unfinished castle that the Auersperg noble family had started building. The Auerspergs drew water from Cave Spring () to supply a steam-powered sawmill in the village. Jelendol was an industrial settlement in the middle of a fir and beech forest. The sawmill had a production capacity of 700 wagons of lumber per year, which was exported to Italy, Spain, and Africa. Before the Second World War, the village had three houses and a population of 48. The original residents were evicted from the area in 1941 during the Second World War and the sawmill was burned. After the war, the site consisted of two large buildings surrounded by coniferous forest. The village no longer has any permanent residents, and the buildings are occasionally used by forestry workers.
Mass grave.
Jelendol is the site of a mass grave from the period immediately after the Second World War. The Jelendol Mass Grave () is located 9 km south of Ribnica, about 100 to 150 m west of the road between Ribnica and Grčarice. It contained the remains of 119 anticommunist militia prisoners of war from the prison in Ribnica that were shot by the communist Security and Intelligence Service (VOS) in October 1943. Most of the victims were reburied at the military cemetery in Hrovača on 4 October 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="36613286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613286" title="Danil Junaidi">
Danil Junaidi

Danil Junaidi (born on January 15, 1986) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSPS Pekanbaru in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36613310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613310" title="Amphidecta">
Amphidecta

Amphidecta is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36613330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613330" title="Lake Lulu">
Lake Lulu

Lake Lulu is a natural freshwater lake in Winter Haven, Florida. The lake has a surface area and has a somewhat irregular oval shape. It is bounded on the north and northeast by private residences. It has no eastern or western sides, as the lake's shore comes to a point on those two sides. At the eastern point, it is bounded by West Lake Eloise Drive and about beyond that is Lake Eloise. The entire south side of the lake is lined with a swampy area and a dense growth of trees.
On the northwest, Lake Lulu is bordered by the Chain of Lakes Complex. Part of this is the Chain of Lakes Park, which is on the south portion of the Chain of Lakes Complex. The entire south end of the complex consists of baseball fields. The Chain of Lakes Park is one particular baseball stadium that was built in 1966 to serve as the Boston Red Sox spring training facility. It was renovated in 1993 and the Cleveland Indians used the stadium for spring training until 2009. This stadium, located from the lake's shore, is no longer used for spring training.
Lake Lulu can be accessed by the public on the eastern point bordering on West Lake Eloise Drive and on the shore along the Chain of Lakes Complex. In theory, it can be accessed along the entire south side. This is very swampy and finding solid ground to walk to the lake is inadvisable. There are no public boat ramps or swimming areas on the lake's shore. However, Lake Lulu is part of the Winter Haven Chain of Lakes, and is accessible by boat from a number of area lakes via canal. Lake Lulu is directly connected by canal to Lake Shipp to the west and Lake Eloise and Lake Roy to the east. The Hook and Bullet website says Lake Lulu contains largemouth bass, bluegill and crappie.

</doc>
<doc id="36613332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613332" title="Caeruleuptychia">
Caeruleuptychia

Caeruleuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36613344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613344" title="Capronnieria">
Capronnieria

Caeruleuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36613353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613353" title="Municipality of Ig">
Municipality of Ig

The Municipality of Ig () is a municipality in central Slovenia. Its seat is the settlement of Ig. It was formed in 1995 from parts of the Municipality of Vič–Rudnik, until then one of the five municipalities that formed the Civic Assembly of Municipalities of Ljubljana. It is part of the traditional region of Inner Carniola and is now included in the Central Slovenia statistical region. In the past the area was mostly marshland, but now Ig is a suburban and industrialized municipality. In 2002, it had 5445 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="36613357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613357" title="Windu Hanggono Putra">
Windu Hanggono Putra

Windu Hanggoro Putra (born on August 21, 1988 in Jakarta) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSPS Pekanbaru in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36613361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613361" title="Cepheuptychia">
Cepheuptychia

Cepheuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36613367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613367" title="Cercyeuptychia">
Cercyeuptychia

Cercyeuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36613384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613384" title="Jacob Barsøe">
Jacob Barsøe

Jacob Barsøe (born 21 September 1988) is a Danish rower. He competed in the lightweight coxless four at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36613387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613387" title="Archangels Don't Play Pinball">
Archangels Don't Play Pinball

"Archangels Don't Play Pinball" (Italian title: "Gli arcangeli non giocano al flipper") is a 1959 two-act play by Dario Fo. The play uses the metaphor of a pinball machine—a new innovation in Italy at the time of and one of which Fo and his wife Franca Rame were fond— to convey mechanisation and conspicuous consumption.
Plot summary.
A group of young Milanese men play a prank on one of their group - "Lofty". They arrange a fake marriage to a prostitute, who pretends to be a beautiful Albanian princess. Lofty has a problem - he needs to get identity papers from the Ministry. The only way he can do this is to become a dog. He is taken into a local kennel, where he is eventually bought by a circus owner. After various further adventures, Lofty eventually awakes, only to find that it has all been a dream. But the lovely lady is still there with him. Archangels don't play pinball with people's lives.
Song.
The play is also noted for its use of song. One example is "Stringimi forte i polsi" (Hold my wrists tightly together) which the protagonist Il Lungo (Stretch) sings to an "Albanian" prostitute whose wrists he is bound to. It would later be the theme tune to the TV programme "Canzonissima".
Translations.
Ed Emery has carried out an authorised English translation.

</doc>
<doc id="36613395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613395" title="Quintus Cervidius Scaevola">
Quintus Cervidius Scaevola

Quintus Cervidius Scaevola (fl. 2nd century AD) was a Roman jurist.
Life.
His date of birth and death is unknown.
He belonged to the knightly class and was a member of the Consilium principis of the Emperor Marcus Aurelius.
He was also a legal advisor to Marcus Aurelius.
Books.
He wrote numerous books.
These works were collections of terse, precise judgments on various legal issues.
Excerpts.
The Encyclopedia of the Roman Empire provides the following information about Quintus Cervidius Scaevola:
"Teacher of Papinianus and one of the leading jurists of the second century C.E, Cervidius belonged to the consilium principis of MARCUS AURELIUS and later taught Septimius SEVERUS. His Digest, begun under Marcus Aurelius, served as an invaluable textbook for later legal students, including his own opinion on the law."

</doc>
<doc id="36613399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613399" title="Coenoptychia">
Coenoptychia

Coenoptychia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36613407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613407" title="Coeruleotaygetis">
Coeruleotaygetis

Coeruleotaygetis is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone. It is considered a synonym of the genus "Taygetina".
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36613410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613410" title="Attitude (Rip Rig + Panic album)">
Attitude (Rip Rig + Panic album)

Attitude is the third and final album by the post-punk band Rip Rig + Panic, released in 1983 through Virgin Records.
Track listing.
All songs written by Rip Rig + Panic

</doc>
<doc id="36613430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613430" title="Bilifang Nazary">
Bilifang Nazary

Bilifang Nazary is an Indian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for ONGC F.C. in the I-League.
Career.
Early career.
Nazary used to play for Mohun Bagan before joining the Sports Authority of India team. While with the Sports Authority of India, Nazary was loaned out to ONGC. While with ONGC Nazary helped the club to promotion to the I-League during the 2010 I-League 2nd Division. He then became ONGC's #1 keeper during the 2010–11 I-League which ended in heart-brake as the club was relegated.
ONGC full-time.
On 2 August 2012 it was announced that Nazary had signed a permanent deal with ONGC F.C. for the 2012-13 I-League.
Career Statistics.
Club.
"Statistics accurate as of 11 May 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="36613431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613431" title="East Monument Historic District">
East Monument Historic District

East Monument Historic District (also known as B-5162 and formerly as Little Bohemia) is a national historic district in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a large residential area with a commercial area located along East Monument Street. It comprises approximately 88 whole and partial blocks. The residential area is composed primarily of row-houses that were developed, beginning in the 1870s, as housing for Baltimore growing Bohemian (Czech) immigrant community. Most of the homes in the district were created after older homes were demolished in order to make room for expansions to the Johns Hopkins Hospital. During the late 19th and early 20th centuries the neighborhood was the heart of the Bohemian community in Baltimore. The Bohemian National Parish of the Roman Catholic Church, St. Wenceslaus, is located in the neighborhood.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 8, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36613436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613436" title="Verbena rigida">
Verbena rigida

Verbena rigida (slender vervain, tuberous vervain), syn. "V. venosa", is a flowering herbaceous perennial plant in the family Verbenaceae. It is native to Brazil and Argentina, and is not fully hardy in temperate climates, where consequently it is grown from seed as an annual.
Growing to , it has a spreading habit, with stalkless toothed leaves and bright purple or magenta, scented flowers in summer. Numerous cultivars have been selected for garden use.
The species has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="36613437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613437" title="Cyllopsis">
Cyllopsis

Cyllopsis is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36613449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613449" title="Erichthodes">
Erichthodes

Erichthodes is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36613459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613459" title="Per-Åke Åkesson">
Per-Åke Åkesson

Per-Åke Åkesson is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36613463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613463" title="Kasper Winther Jørgensen">
Kasper Winther Jørgensen

Kasper Winther Jørgensen (born 21 March 1985 in Copenhagen) is a Danish rower. He competed in the lightweight coxless four at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36613469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613469" title="Fance Hariyanto">
Fance Hariyanto

Fance Hariyanto (born on October 1, 1983 in Pekanbaru) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSPS Pekanbaru in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36613470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613470" title="German submarine U-266">
German submarine U-266

German submarine "U-266" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 1 August 1941 at Bremer-Vulkan-Vegesacker Werft in Bremen as yard number 31. She was launched on 11 May 1942 and commissioned on 24 June under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Hannes Leinemann.
In two patrols, she sank four ships of 16,089 GRT. She was a member of five wolf packs.
She was sunk in May 1943 in mid-Atlantic by a British aircraft.
Service history.
After training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla, the boat became operational on 1 January 1943 when she was transferred to the 7th flotilla.
1st patrol.
"U-266"s first patrol began when she departed Kiel on 22 December 1942. She entered the Atlantic Ocean after negotiating the gap between Iceland and the Faroe Islands. She sank "Polyktor" on 6 February 1943. She then docked at the French Atlantic port of St. Nazaire on the 17th.
2nd patrol and loss.
The boat departed St. Nazaire on 14 March 1943 for the mid-Atlantic once more. On 5 May, she sank "Bonde", "Gharinda" and "Selvistan".
The boat was sunk on 15 May by a British Handley Page Halifax of No. 58 Squadron RAF. Forty-seven men died; there were no survivors.
Previously recorded fate.
"U-266" had been thought to have been sunk on 14 May 1943 by a British B-24 Liberator of 86 squadron.

</doc>
<doc id="36613473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613473" title="Al-Khaldi">
Al-Khaldi

Al-Khaldi () is one of the major family trees from the Arabic tribe of Bani Khalid. Nowadays many live in Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Syria, Iraq, Palestine and Kuwait. In general, most of this tribe are located in the northeast of the Arabian Peninsula.
History.
Notable members include Husayin al-Khalidi, Jordanian Prime Minister and Nawaf Al Khaldi a goalkeeper for the Kuwait national football team.
Many Al-Khaldi people live in Homs, Syria, the city where Khalid ibn Al-Walid's grave lies inside the Khalid ibn Al-Walid Mosque. Quite a few more live in Irbid, a city in northern Jordan.

</doc>
<doc id="36613477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613477" title="Ove Blomberg">
Ove Blomberg

Ove Blomberg was a Swedish footballer who played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36613489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613489" title="1983–84 Queens Park Rangers F.C. season">
1983–84 Queens Park Rangers F.C. season

During the 1983–84 English football season, Queens Park Rangers F.C. competed in the Football League First Division.
Season summary.
QPR enjoyed a solid season upon their return to the First Division, finishing fifth and thus qualifying for the UEFA Cup. At the end of the season, manager Terry Venables left to manage Spanish giant Barcelona; he was replaced by Crystal Palace manager Alan Mullery.
Kit.
QPR's kits were manufactured by German apparel manufacturer Adidas, who introduced a new kit for the season. The kits also bore sponsorship for the first time, with Rangers receiving sponsorship from Irish brewery Guinness.

</doc>
<doc id="36613495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613495" title="Kevin Mbabu">
Kevin Mbabu

Melingo Kevin Mbabu (born 19 April 1995) is a Swiss footballer who plays for Newcastle United in the English Premier League.
Career.
Newcastle United.
After a successful trial at Newcastle United, Kevin signed for an undisclosed fee on 31 January 2013, where he would be developed through the youth system with high potential as a future first team player.

</doc>
<doc id="36613502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613502" title="Cantus Buranus II">
Cantus Buranus II

Cantus Buranus II is a studio album by Neo-Medieval band Corvus Corax. 

</doc>
<doc id="36613504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613504" title="Matt Williams (rugby player)">
Matt Williams (rugby player)

Matt Williams is an English rugby 7s international and player for Moseley, having joined for the 2013-14 season from Bristol Rugby.
He attended The John Fisher School in Purley, Surrey; a senior all boys Roman Catholic day school.
He previously played for Sale Sharks and Doncaster Knights. He is a prolific try-scorer.

</doc>
<doc id="36613512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613512" title="Euptychoides">
Euptychoides

Euptychoides is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36613530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613530" title="Vincent Muda">
Vincent Muda

Vincent Muda (born 14 August 1988 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch rower. He is competing in the lightweight coxless four at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Muda started rowing at Weesp rowing club together with his twin brother Tycho.

</doc>
<doc id="36613545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613545" title="Tycho Muda">
Tycho Muda

Tycho Muda (born 14 August 1988 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch rower. He is competing in the lightweight coxless four at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Muda started rowing at Weesp rowing club together with his twin brother Vincent.

</doc>
<doc id="36613553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613553" title="Forsterinaria">
Forsterinaria

Forsterinaria is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36613556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613556" title="Francis Carr (footballer)">
Francis Carr (footballer)

Francis Carr (born July 26, 1980) is an Liberian footballer who previously played as a midfielder for PSPS Pekanbaru and the Liberia national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36613561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613561" title="Milan Jaleel">
Milan Jaleel

Milan Jaleel (Malayalam: മിലന്‍ ജലീല്‍) is an Indian film producer and distributor mainly works in Malayalam cinema. He produce and distribute films under the banner of Galaxy Films. He started his production works in 1997 by producing the movie "Kalyanappittannu".
At present he is the president of Kerala Film Producers' Association.

</doc>
<doc id="36613571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613571" title="Küpfmüller's uncertainty principle">
Küpfmüller's uncertainty principle

Küpfmüller's uncertainty principle states that the relation of the rise time of a bandlimited signal to its bandwidth is a constant.
formula_1
with formula_2 either formula_3 or formula_4
Proof.
A bandlimited signal formula_5 with fourier transform formula_6 in frequency space is given by the multiplication of any signal formula_7 with formula_8 with a rectangular function of width formula_9
formula_10
as (applying the convolution theorem)
formula_11
Since the fourier transform of a rectangular function is a sinc function and vice versa, follows
formula_12
Now the first root of formula_13 is at formula_14, which is the rise time formula_15 of the pulse formula_13, now follows
formula_17
Equality is given as long as formula_18 is finite.
Regarding that a real signal has both positive and negative frequencies of the same frequency band, formula_9 becomes formula_20,
which leads to formula_21 instead of formula_22

</doc>
<doc id="36613583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613583" title="EsPublico Gestiona">
EsPublico Gestiona

esPublico Gestiona is a cloud computing platform whose aim is to provide local government entities with an optimal environment for effectively managing documents and files, as well as to implement advanced e-Government services.
The platform is characterized by combining both a technology and a legal solution, since it includes an extensive database for models of administrative procedures that are legally updated by an editorial team whenever there is a legislative change.
The development of the platform dates back to 2007 and the first public version was released in 2009, undergoing subsequent periodical improvements until reaching the current 4.0 version.
Implementation in Spain.
esPublico Gestiona is nowadays implemented in approximately 500 city and town councils, i.e. almost a 10% share of the Spanish market.
Technology.
The provision of services to local government entities is based on a distribution model known as software as a service, which allows users to access software and data on the Internet via a web browser without requiring on-premise server installation.
From a functional point of view, the modules that make up the platform can be classified in three distinct groups:
1. File management:
2. Official municipal site
3. Interoperability 
Developer community.
Since 2010 the platform has a service-oriented API based on a REST (Representational State Transfer) architectural style around which a developer community has been set up in order to develop applications integrated with the platform. Among the most outstanding projects developed so far are the one that makes it possible to sign electronically from iPhone and Android mobile devices and the one known as certified digitizing, that streamlines unattended digitizing processes by means of a sticker labelling system.

</doc>
<doc id="36613588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613588" title="Jayden Hadler">
Jayden Hadler

Jayden Hadler (born 23 September 1993) is an Australian swimmer. He is competing for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.London 2012</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="36613591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613591" title="Luis González de Ubieta">
Luis González de Ubieta

Luis González de Ubieta y González del Campillo (1899 – 1950) was an Admiral of the Spanish Republican Navy during the Spanish Civil War. He died in exile as the captain of merchant vessel "Chiriqui", refusing to be rescued when the ship under his command sank in the Caribbean Sea not far from Barranquilla.
Early life.
There is little information on Luis González de Ubieta's childhood and youth. His father, Juan Daniel González de Ubieta y Ubieta, was a forestry engineer born in the Gordexola Valley in Biscay. He died in Madrid in 1925 and was survived by his widow, Mrs. González del Campillo, and eight children.
In mid 1936, at the time of the July 1936 pro-Fascist coup that marked the beginning of the Spanish Civil War, Luis González de Ubieta had risen to the rank of Lieutenant Commander () of the Spanish Republican Navy. Then he was in command of oceanographic and hydrographic research vessel "Ártabro" (A-2), based in Cartagena. He refused to join the rebels, remaining loyal to the Spanish Republic.
Since most high officers of the Spanish Republican Navy had joined the rebellion, Luis González de Ubieta rose rapidly both in rank and authority within the loyalist fleet. Thus at the beginning of the Civil War he became commander of Destroyer "José Luis Díez" (JD) and was sent to quell a minor conflict in Alicante when a group of rebel troops from Orihuela and smaller towns of the Vega Baja tried unsuccessfully to initiate a siege of the city. Two months later he was in charge of Cruiser "Miguel de Cervantes" on which he took part in a naval operation that entered the Bay of Biscay "(Expedición al Mar Cantábrico)" in September and October 1936.
Following the defeat of the Spanish Republican fleet on 27 September 1938 at the Battle of Cape Cherchell, when a series of tactical errors on the part of the republican command resulted in the loss of two cargo ships, Luis González de Ubieta became the Captain general of the fleet. He was also promoted to the rank of Admiral when hitherto commander Miguel Buiza was relieved of his duties. President Manuel Azaña could not hide his disappointment, acknowledging in his memories the indecisiveness of the former commander of the Spanish Republican Navy despite having a greater number of ships.
Under Luis González de Ubieta's command the Republican Navy concentrated in the protection of maritime convoys that were supplying the internationally isolated Spanish Republic, as well as in the training of naval officers and their ships' crews.
In March 1938, cruiser "Baleares"—along with fellow rebel cruisers and —engaged the Republican cruisers and , accompanied by five destroyers, off Cartagena, in the Battle of Cape Palos. At around 02:15 on 6 March, the Nationalist and Republican cruisers engaged in an ineffective gunnery duel. During the naval battle Republican destroyers , , and all fired their torpedoes. Two or three of "Lepanto"′s torpedoes hit "Baleares", detonating her forward magazine and sinking her. Out of her crew of 1,206, she had 765 seamen killed or missing, among them rebel Vice-Admiral Manuel Vierna Belando, commander of the cruiser division.
The sinking of rebel heavy cruiser "Baleares" was hailed as a great victory by the republican government. Following this event, Luis González de Ubieta was awarded the Laureate Plate of Madrid "(Placa Laureada de Madrid)", the highest military award for gallantry of the Second Spanish Republic. This republican naval victory, however, had little effect on the war as a whole for the Spanish Civil War's course was poised already against the republic.
End of the Civil War and Exile.
On 8 January 1939 Luis González de Ubieta was transferred to Minorca to take the command of the naval base at Port Mahon. He also was given the authority to command all the republican military forces on the island.
One month later, on 8 February, faced with imminent defeat and under pressure from the authorities of the island who wanted to avoid bloodshed, González de Ubieta surrendered the island to the rebels.
After the fall of Minorca Luis González de Ubieta, who was the military governor of the island, fled to France on Royal Navy cruiser with other 452 Republican refugees. From Marseille he managed to reach Paris with his wife, while other Spanish Republican refugees were brought to Port Vendres and then interned in the Argelès-sur-Mer concentration camp by the French authorities.
Luis González de Ubieta lived in exile in France until the 1940 invasion of France by Nazi Germany, when he moved to Mexico.
He then went on to settle in Venezuela. At the beginning of the 1950s he was the captain of merchant ship "Chiriqui", a cattle transport flying the Panamanian flag. On 30 December 1950 his ship sank off Bocas de Ceniza, close to the mouth of the Magdalena River, in Colombian waters. Luis González de Ubieta refused to be rescued and sank along with his ship.

</doc>
<doc id="36613593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613593" title="Matson Lawson">
Matson Lawson

Matson Lawson (born 6 May 1992) is an Australian swimmer. He competed in the 200 metre Backstroke at the 2012 Summer Olympics finishing 15th.

</doc>
<doc id="36613595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613595" title="Mitch Larkin">
Mitch Larkin

Mitch Larkin (born 9 July 1993) is an Australian swimmer. He competed for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36613599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613599" title="Chalmers Knitting Mills">
Chalmers Knitting Mills

Chalmers Knitting Mills is a historic factory building located at Amsterdam, Montgomery County, New York. It was built in 1913 and expanded in 1916. The original section is a four-story, brick building. The 1916 addition is a seven-story, steel frame and reinforced concrete building with concrete block. The addition is set at a near-right angle to the original section, giving the building an "L"-shaped footprint. The mill produced undergarments and remained in operation under the Chalmers name until the founders death in 1959. 
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36613600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613600" title="Bernard Sellato">
Bernard Sellato

Bernard Sellato was born in 1951, holds an M.Sc. in Geology from ENSG (Ecole Nationale Supérieure de Géologie) in Nancy, France, and a Ph.D. in Anthropology from the EHESS (Ecole des Hautes Etudes en Sciences Sociales) in Paris. He spent many years in Kalimantan (the Indonesian portion of Borneo) researching history, languages and cultures.
After his first trip to Borneo in 1973–75, Sellato spent many years traveling, mostly by canoe and on foot, and researching linguistics and anthropology among former forest nomads and slash-and-burn farmers in the Müller Mountain Range and other parts of Kalimantan. He was adopted by an Aoheng family under the name Suling Dirung.
In 1988, Sellato was commissioned by the petroleum company Elf Aquitaine to write a coffee-table art book on Borneo, which took a year of research and writing – the resulting work, the bilingual illustrated "Hornbill and Dragon" was published in 1989, with a second edition published in 1992. His latest edited book, “Plaited Arts from the Borneo Rainforest”, commissioned by Total E&P Indonésie, was published in 2012.
In addition to writing six books himself, Sellato has also edited or co-edited six more books and contributed a number of articles about Borneo to books and journals. He is a former director of the Institute for Research on Southeast Asia (CNRS and Universite de Provence) in Marseilles, France and was the editor of the bilingual journal “Moussons: Social Science Research on Southeast Asia” from 1999 to 2008.
Sellato is a well-respected expert in his field – according to Simon Strickland's review of "Innermost Borneo: Studies in Dayak Cultures" (2002) in the "Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute", Sellato's studies have contributed significantly to knowledge of the nomadic tribes of Borneo, despite the ethnographic and historical complexities of the field. In 2004, Bernard Sellato was awarded the Borneo Research Council Medal for his “extensive contributions to the study of Borneo societies and cultures” over 30 years.

</doc>
<doc id="36613610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613610" title="Samantha Hamill">
Samantha Hamill

Samantha Hamill (born 23 February 1991) is an Australian swimmer. She is competing for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36613612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613612" title="Chris Wright (swimmer)">
Chris Wright (swimmer)

Christopher Geoffrey "Chris" Wright (born 7 May 1988) is an Australian swimmer. He competed for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36613615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613615" title="Church of Queen of Peace, Kričke">
Church of Queen of Peace, Kričke

The Church of Queen of Peace () is a Roman Catholic church in Kričke, Croatia.
History.
Construction of church begun in 1989. It was projected by Zadar architect Ivo Sorić.
On 31 May 1990 the church was dedicated. Whole complex consisted of church, pastoral center, sacristy and sanitary facilities. There was also built bell tower, which was 17 meters high.
On 28 August 1992, during the Croatian War of Independence, the church was mined and damaged by rebel Serbs.
In 1998 and 1999 was built new, today church with new bell tower, which is 28 meters high.

</doc>
<doc id="36613619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613619" title="Cameron McEvoy">
Cameron McEvoy

Cameron McEvoy (born 13 May 1994) is an Australian swimmer. He competed for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics and at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships. In this latter occasion he won the silver medal in the 4×100m medley relay and finished 4th in the 100m freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="36613626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613626" title="Philippe Ardant">
Philippe Ardant

Philippe Ardant (July 21, 1929 – June 6, 2007) was a French jurist, former president of the Constitutional Court of the principality of Andorra, former president of the Arab World Institute and former president of Panthéon-Assas University. He had been a professor at the universities of Poitiers, Beirut and Panthéon-Assas. He had co-founded "Pouvoirs", a journal of constitutional law and political science.

</doc>
<doc id="36613627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613627" title="Dreamers (Rizzle Kicks song)">
Dreamers (Rizzle Kicks song)

"Dreamers" is the sixth official single taken from British hip hop duo Rizzle Kicks' debut studio album, "Stereo Typical". The single was released in the United Kingdom on 3 August 2012. The track was produced by Ant Whiting. The song features a sample from Nirvana's 1968 single "Rainbow Chaser". A music video to accompany the release of "Dreamers" was uploaded to YouTube on 25 July 2012, at a total length of four minutes and forty-two seconds. It was directed and filmed by Toby Lockerbie. The video features footage of the duo partying on a desert island with a group of friends. Dappy makes a cameo appearance in the video. 
An "Epic Remix" of the track was released as part of the single package. It contains additional verses from Pharoahe Monch, Hines (Rizzle's old rap mentor), Professor Green, Ed Sheeran, Foreign Beggars, Dr. Syntax and Chali 2na. This remix premiered on August 1, 2012, via SoundCloud. The "Epic Remix" received its own additional single artwork, which accompanied its premiere. 

</doc>
<doc id="36613629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613629" title="Jarrod Poort">
Jarrod Poort

Jarrod Poort (born 31 October 1994) is an Australian swimmer. He is competing for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36613632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613632" title="Manso (surname)">
Manso (surname)

Manso is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36613646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613646" title="Srikrishna Commission">
Srikrishna Commission

Srikrishna Commission or Justice B.N. Srikrishna Commission of Inquiry was constituted by the Government of Maharashtra under Justice Srikrishna for investigating the causes of the Bombay Riots. For five years until 1998, he examined victims, witnesses and alleged perpetrators. The Commission was disbanded by the Shiv Sena led government in January 1996 and on public opposition was later reconstituted on 28 May 1996; though when it was reconstituted its terms of reference were extended to include the Mumbai bomb blasts that followed in March 1993. 
The report of the commission stated that the tolerant and secular foundations of the city were holding even if a little shakily. Justice Srikrishna indicted those he alleged as largely responsible for the second phase of the bloodshed and to some extent the first, the Shiv Sena.
The Shiv Sena government rejected its recommendations. Since under the Commissions of Inquiry Act, an Inquiry is not a court of law (even if it conducts proceedings like a court of law) and the report of an inquiry is not binding on Governments, Srikrishna's recommendations cannot be directly enforced. To date, the recommendations of the Commission have neither been accepted nor acted upon by the Maharashtra Government. Many indicted policemen were promoted by the government and indicted politicians continue to hold high political office even today. 
On 10 July 2008, a Mumbai court sentenced former Shiv Sena MP Madhukar Sarpotdar and two other party activists to a year's rigorous imprisonment in connection with the riots. However, he was immediately granted bail. He died on 20 February 2010 without serving his sentence.

</doc>
<doc id="36613665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613665" title="Godartiana">
Godartiana

Godartiana is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36613670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613670" title="Karl-Erik Nilsson (footballer)">
Karl-Erik Nilsson (footballer)

Karl-Erik Nilsson was a Swedish footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36613675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613675" title="Wilderness Park">
Wilderness Park

Wilderness Park is a mostly-public conservancy located in southwest Lincoln, Nebraska. There are many separate branches of the park, some separated by roads including prominently S 14th St, a north-south street which dissects much of the south end of the park. The park is heavily wooded, but also includes some prairieland.
Boundaries are S 1st St on the west, S 27th St on the east, Van Dorn St on the north and Saltillo Rd on the south - however, not nearly all of the land between these boundaries resides in the park. The park is much wider in the southern segments. Among smaller streams, Beal Slough, a primary tributary to Salt Creek, passes through Wilderness Park.
Wilderness is the largest city park in Lincoln.
Trails.
Wilderness Park features a vast network of walking trails, single-track biking trails, and horse trails. Each trail type is denoted by signs along the trails.
The paved 6.5-mile Jamaica North Trail is mostly located within the park. South of Saltillo Rd, Jamaica North connects to the Homestead Trail corridor, which as of July 2012 reaches to Beatrice, Nebraska, and will ultimately extend to Marysville, Kansas.
History.
Parts of the northern end of Wilderness Park was once called Epworth Park (1903-1940), a Methodist retreat. The north-most section was once Camp Minis-Kuya (1935 to 1956), a Boy Scout camp.
The site of the 1894 Rock Island railroad wreck, an act of sabotage which killed 11, lies within Wilderness Park. The trestle where the derailment occurred passes above the Jamaica North Trail at .
Bridges.
Wilderness Park is home to at least a dozen pedestrian bridges of varying architecture and age.
In 2010, the center of a bridge fell about 15 feet in the south end of Wilderness Park while about 20 children from a day camp were crossing it. No one was seriously injured, but the incident prompted a review of all bridges in the park.

</doc>
<doc id="36613681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613681" title="Einar Mårtensson">
Einar Mårtensson

Einar Mårtensson was a Swedish footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36613689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613689" title="List of Northern Lighthouse Board lighthouses">
List of Northern Lighthouse Board lighthouses

This is a list of the currently operational lighthouses of the Northern Lighthouse Board (NLB). The list is divided by geographical location, and then by whether the lighthouses are classed by the NLB as a 'major lighthouse' or a 'minor light'. Former NLB lighthouses now disposed of are not included in the list.

</doc>
<doc id="36613691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613691" title="Art Academy of Szczecin">
Art Academy of Szczecin

The Szczecin Art Academy () is a public university in Szczecin, Poland, founded on September 1, 2010. The profile of the university includes both music and visual arts with programmes offered in two different art disciplines. It consists of 3 faculties with BA and MA courses.

</doc>
<doc id="36613692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613692" title="800score">
800score

800score is an American educational preparation company and the largest online GMAT examination preparation website. It exclusively prepares customers for the GMAT and GRE graduate school admission examinations. It operates as an entirely self-study-based program that provides customers with 600 pages, sample tests and videos online.
Company strategy.
The company has had over 150,000 customers since its founding in 1999. 800score was founded by Sean Selinger, a Cornell University graduate and Cornell National Scholar. and many of the other developers have scored above the 99th percentile on the GMAT or GRE.
The company's educational strategy employs sample GMAT and GRE examinations in Computerized adaptive testing format (CAT), hundreds of practice questions, essay guides and practice-timed essays, time pacing training as well as 24-hour tutor support.
Bloomberg Businessweek reviewed 800score and found it most suitable to students who are "self-motivated and disciplined". The company's founder, Sean Selinger, also contributes an advice column to the publication that presents test-taking tips drawn from 800score's strategies.

</doc>
<doc id="36613693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613693" title="Donald Forrest MacDonald">
Donald Forrest MacDonald

Donald Forrest "Don" MacDonald (b. September 1937) is a veterinarian and former political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Moose Jaw North from 1971 to 1975 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Liberal.
He was born in Shaunavon, Saskatchewan, the son of Tom MacDonald, and was educated in Moose Jaw and Brownlee. MacDonald received a DVM degree in Guelph, Ontario and moved back to Moose Jaw in 1961, where he operated the Moose Jaw Animal Clinic. He served on Moose Jaw City Council and on the board of the Moose Jaw Union Hospital. MacDonald also served on the board for the YM-YWCA, was a member of the Chamber of Commerce and served as vice-president of the Saskatchewan Veterinary Medical Association.

</doc>
<doc id="36613698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613698" title="Ben Yeo">
Ben Yeo

Ben Yeo () is a Singaporean actor and television host with MediaCorp.
Career.
A former model, Yeo was first scouted on "Snap", SPH MediaWorks Channel U's talent show. He won the competition and was signed by SPH MediaWorks. When MediaWorks merged MediaCorp in 2005, he was one of a number of artistes transferred over.
Yeo made the Top 10 Most Popular Male Artistes for the first time at the 2012 Star Awards.
Personal life.
Yeo is married to Claudia Cheong and they have two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="36613700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613700" title="Greger Andrijevski">
Greger Andrijevski

Tony Greger Andrijevski (born 29 April 1973) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36613701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613701" title="Sagittarius Stream">
Sagittarius Stream

In Astronomy, the Sagittarius Stream is a long, complex, structure made of stars that wrap around the Milky Way galaxy in an almost polar orbit. It consists of tidally stripped stars from the Sagittarius Dwarf Elliptical Galaxy resulting from the process of merging with the Milky Way over a period of billions of years.
Discovery.
This stellar stream was originally proposed in 1995 by Donald Lynden-Bell after analyzing the distribution of globular clusters in the Milky Way. The actual structure was identified by Newberg et al. (2002) and Majewski et al. (2003)) using data from the 2MASS and SDSS surveys. In 2006, Belokurov and his collaborators found that the Sagittarius Stream has two branches.
Association with spiral arm layering.
The shredding apart of a large intruding collection of stars in the indefinite past appears to have sent oscillations analogous to sound waves through the Milky Way spiral arm structure. The effects of the oscillations are observed today as vertically stacked layers of alternately denser and sparser star distributions above and below the Solar System. Presently, the Sagittarius Stream is positioned relative to the observed layers such that its progenitor, the Sagittarius Dwarf Elliptical Galaxy, is the strongest candidate intruder whose wake left behind the disturbance in the spiral arms.

</doc>
<doc id="36613707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613707" title="Aidan Zingel">
Aidan Zingel

Aidan Zingel (born 19 November 1990 in Kiama, New South Wales) is an Australian volleyball player. He is competing for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Zingel is widely regarded as the greatest Australian Men's Volleyball player of all time.
Now he plays in the "Blu Volley Verona". He is 207 cm tall
Aidan is not in a relationship. He is 'Zingel'.

</doc>
<doc id="36613712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613712" title="Nathan Roberts (volleyball)">
Nathan Roberts (volleyball)

Nathan Roberts (born 17 February 1986, in Adelaide, Australia) is an Australian volleyball player. 
He attended Brighton Secondary School from 1999-2003 and was a member of the school's Special Interest Volleyball program. 
He has played over 300 matches for the Australian National Team including the 2006 & 2010 World Championships.
He was a gold medalist at the 2007 Asian Championships in Jakarta, Indonesia and was the Best Spiker at the 2011 Asian Championships in Tehran, Iran.
He has also competed for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36613715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613715" title="Stig Brobeck">
Stig Brobeck

Stig Brobeck was a Swedish footballer who played as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36613720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613720" title="Thomas Edgar">
Thomas Edgar

Thomas Edgar (born 21 June 1989) is an Australian volleyball player. He competed for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics. 
He began his career in Queensland. In 2011–2012 season he played for the Italian Serie A2 club, Volley Corigliano.

</doc>
<doc id="36613725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613725" title="Lincoln Williams">
Lincoln Williams

Lincoln Williams (born 6 October 1993) is an Australian volleyball player. He is competing for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36613729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613729" title="2012 MTN 8">
2012 MTN 8

The 2012 MTN 8 will be the 38th time that this annual tournament will take place. It was contested by the eight top teams of the Premier Soccer League table at the end of the 2011-12 season. The tournament began on 3 August 2012.
Teams.
The eight teams that competed in the MTN 8 knockout competition are: (listed according the their finishing position in the 2011/2012 Absa Premier Soccer League Season.
Fixtures & Results.
Rules for MTN8.
On 28 July 2011 The PSL Executive Committee held a meeting to discuss the issue of home and away fixtures. There has been an amendment to the MTN8 rules pertaining to the issue of home and away fixtures. 
 The approved rule reads as follows: "In the first round of the competition (last 8 or quarter-finals) the clubs finishing in the top four positions of the Premier Division in the previous season will be the home clubs."

</doc>
<doc id="36613730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613730" title="Aden Tutton">
Aden Tutton

Aden Tutton (born 6 December 1984) is an Australian volleyball player. He is competing for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Information.
Aden Tutton has spent seven years on the national team. Tutton's primary training base was in Doetinchem, Netherlands. His secondary training base is in Canberra, Australia. The club that Tutton played for is Langhenkel Volley that is located in Doetinchem, Netherlands. He has the nickname of Tuts. Tutton was born in the year of 1984 on 12 June in Glenelg, South Australia. He currently resides in Adelaide, South Australia. 
Details.
Tutton was the age of 27 when he appeared in the 2012 Olympics. He weighs about 176 pounds. His height is about 5'9. 
Education.
The education that Aden Tutton is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36613735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613735" title="Adam White (volleyball)">
Adam White (volleyball)

Adam White (born 8 November 1989) is an Australian volleyball player. He competed for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Early life.
White was born on 8 November 1989 in Everton Park, Queensland, Australia. He is in height, and weighs . His nickname is "Beanery". White's hobbies include mixing music and producing music. His primary school was St. Flannan's in Queensland. He went to high school at St. Patrick's College, a private, Roman Catholic day school in Shorncliffe, Brisbane, Queensland.
Volleyball.
White currently plays for Langhenkel Volley, Doetinchem, in the Netherlands. He plays in the wing spiker position. His standing reach is , and his blocking reach is . White's block reach is . He plays in the zone four (or "Zone 4") volleyball position in the game. He has played on the national team for Australia, Australia men's national volleyball team (coached by Jon Uriarte), for five years. His international volleyball début was in 2007 with the Samsung Bluefangs. His career started with the Australian Institute of Sport in 2004. He became captain of the Australian Institute of Sport volleyball team in 2007, and won titles with the team, in every single season, between 2005 and 2008. He first played at senior national level at the 2008 Asian Cup. He has been selected for Australia's national team 118 times.
His recent performances include finishing first at the 2011 International Series, when he played against Thailand. At the 2011 China Volleyball Challenge 1, he finished in second position. At the second challenge of that event, along with his team, he finished in third position. At the Rashid International Volleyball Tournament in Dubai, 2011, he finished in second position. At the 2011 Asian Championships in Tehran, Iran, he finished in fourth position. At the 2012 Volleyball International Series, his team drew with the Netherlands. At the 2012 Olympic Qualification Tournament in Tokyo, Japan, along with his team, White finished in second position.

</doc>
<doc id="36613737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613737" title="Australian Pharmaceutical Formulary">
Australian Pharmaceutical Formulary

The Australian Pharmaceutical Formulary (APF) is the official drug formulary used by pharmacists in Australia, compiled by the Pharmaceutical Society of Australia. New editions of the APF are released every few years, with the latest edition being the 22nd edition.
History.
The APF was originally a pocket-sized booklet first published in 1902, used by physicians as a drugs reference in Australia. In later editions, rather than simply being a listing of pharmaceuticals, medical and clinical information became incorporated within the publication as well, and eventually the title of the APF was extended to the "Australian Pharmaceutical Formulary and Handbook".
Content.
The APF is divided in a number of sections, with each pertaining to a specific topic. Information includes dispensing advice for pharmacists when dealing with consumers, clinical monographs, information on complementary medicines, clinical and therapeutic information, national pharmacy standards and guidelines, and physicochemical data of drug constituents.

</doc>
<doc id="36613739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613739" title="Guaianaza">
Guaianaza

Guaianaza is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropical region. "Guaianaza" is considered a synonym of the genus "Forsterinaria" Gray, 1973.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36613740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613740" title="Andrew Grant (volleyball)">
Andrew Grant (volleyball)

Andrew Grant (born 22 April 1985) is an Australian volleyball player. He is competing for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36613742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613742" title="Harrison Peacock">
Harrison Peacock

Harrison Peacock (born 31 January 1991) is an Australian volleyball player. He is competing for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36613743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613743" title="Igor Yudin">
Igor Yudin

Igor Yudin (born 17 June 1987 in Yekaterinburg, Russia) is an Australian volleyball player with Russian origins. He competed for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He has been playing for Russian club Kuzbass Kemerowo since 2013. He has had citizenship of Russia since 2013 and he gave up playing for Australian national team.
Personal life.
Igor yudin was born in Yekaterinburg, Russia. He moved to Australia with his family, when he was 14. He has sister Victoria. He has wife and daughter, who live in Poland. Since 2013 he has had Russian citizenship. 

</doc>
<doc id="36613745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613745" title="Harjesia">
Harjesia

Harjesia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36613747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613747" title="Christoph Freitag">
Christoph Freitag

Christoph Freitag (born 21 January 1990) is an Austrian footballer who plays for SC Wiener Neustadt.

</doc>
<doc id="36613748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613748" title="Travis Passier">
Travis Passier

Travis Passier (born 26 April 1989) is an Australian volleyball player. He is competing for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Travis Passier was born in Brisbane, Australia on 26 April 1989. Passier is a 6’9" middle blocker for the Australia men's national volleyball team. His nicknames are T-rannosaurus Pas, Trang pak, and Pasinator, and he speaks Italian and English. He got his primary education at Fairview Heights State School in Queensland, and then attended Toowoomba State High School and Lake Ginninderra College for his secondary education. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Canberra. In addition to volleyball, Passier played basketball and was a talented swimmer; "making numerous trips to the Queensland swimming titles."
Passier began playing volleyball “when he was 12 in Toowoomba through his brother and his brother’s high school team needing an extra player, and he was there to watch so (the team) asked him to play." He played his very first game of volleyball “as a Grade 6 Fairview Heights Primary School boy, playing for the Year 8 Mt Lofty side against Harristown High." At age 15 he accepted a scholarship to the Australian Institute of Sport in Canberra where he was the youngest of only 16 volleyball athletes to be awarded a scholarship. He trained at AIS in hopes of reaching his goal of representing Australia at the Olympics. That goal was realized in 2012 when Travis got his chance to help lead the Volleyroos (Australian Men’s National Volleyball Team) to qualify for the Olympics. Passier’s family is very supportive of his volleyball career. His father Len and brother Jake, a former Toowoomba Titan volleyball player, traveled to London to watch him compete for Australia.
Passier started playing professional volleyball for the Toowoomba Titans in the Brisbane Premier Volleyball league. Through his playing with the Titans, he got the opportunity to play with the Australian national team. He got his first chance to represent Australia in 2006 and 2007 playing in the Junior and Youth Asian Cup tournaments. He then got his chance to play for the senior Australian National team at the 2008 Asia Cup, and then at the 2009 Asian Championships where he helped lead Australia to a 7th place finish. When he first joined the senior team he was the youngest member of the squad. In 2010 he went back to his roots with the Titans after finishing the season in Denmark to keep up his skills for the national team trials.
After playing for the Titans, Passier moved to Europe for more competitive professional volleyball. Playing in Sweden he finished 3rd in the league with his team, and then went to Denmark and won the Danish league title in 2010 playing for Marienlyst. Currently he plays professionally in Italy for the M. Roma Volley S.P.A in the very strong Italian league. Some of his career highlights he says are, "being in the starting 7 (for Australia) for World Championships in Italy in 2010, finishing 2nd at the Olympic Qualification Tournament to make the Olympic Games, and finishing 4th at the 2011 Asian Championships to keep our qualifications for the Games alive."

</doc>
<doc id="36613751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613751" title="Tore Linnander">
Tore Linnander

Tore Linnander was a Swedish footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36613769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613769" title="Magneuptychia">
Magneuptychia

Magneuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36613774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613774" title="Megeuptychia">
Megeuptychia

Megeuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36613779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613779" title="Arthur Butler (rugby league)">
Arthur Butler (rugby league)

Arthur Butler was an Australian rugby league footballer of the 1900s and 1910s. An Australian international and New South Wales interstate representative half, he played club football for the South Sydney, Glebe and Annandale clubs in the NSWRFL Premiership.
Butler played for Souths in the first season of rugby league in Australia, the 1908 NSWRFL season. He missed his club's grand final victory as he was selected to go on the first Kangaroo tour, the 1908-09 tour of Great Britain. In London Australia faced the English in rugby league for the first time, and Butler played at halfback, scoring a try in the 22-22 draw. He also played in the second Test loss, in all appearing in 23 matches on the tour. The following year Butler again represented Australia when they hosted the New Zealand team. At the end of the 1909 NSWRFL season Butler was one of the Rabbitohs players who showed up on grand final day to controversially claim the premiership while Balmain forfeited. The following year South Sydney again reached the grand final, and Butler played at halfback in the 4-4 draw with Newtown, who had finished the season higher on the ladder so were awarded the 1910 NSWRFL Premiership. 1915 was his last season with Souths.
Butler then played two seasons with Glebe then two seasons with Annandale before retiring.
In 1947 Butler died in his Sydney home.

</doc>
<doc id="36613786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613786" title="Stan Dobson">
Stan Dobson

Stanley "Stan" C. Dobson was a New Zealander professional rugby league footballer of the 1920s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#145), and Wellington, as a , i.e. number 3 or 4.
Playing career.
International honours.
Stan Dobson represented New Zealand in 1920 against Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="36613790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613790" title="Grigory Sukochev">
Grigory Sukochev

Grigory Sukochev (born 18 February 1988) is an Australian volleyball player. He competed for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36613792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613792" title="Helge Zachrisson">
Helge Zachrisson

Helge Zachrisson was a Swedish footballer who played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36613804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613804" title="Rhythm &amp; Noise">
Rhythm &amp; Noise

Rhythm & Noise were an American Experimental music and multimedia ensemble from San Francisco, California. The group originally consisted of Naut Humon, Nik Fault, and Rex Probe, who started the project in the mid-70s under the name Cellar-M. In 1984, The Residents convinced the band to join their label Ralph Records, under which the group released two albums and an extended music video. Naut Humon decided against releasing anymore records under the name Rhythm & Noise and began focusing on his work with Sound Traffic Control.

</doc>
<doc id="36613813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613813" title="Marcus Vaapil">
Marcus Vaapil

Marcus Vaapil is a Swedish former footballer who played as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36613815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613815" title="Marco Mourmada">
Marco Mourmada

Marco Mourmada (born December 12, 1976 in N'Djamena) is an Indonesian footballer who previously played as a midfielder for PSMS Medan and the Chad national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36613822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613822" title="Lennart Hansson">
Lennart Hansson

Lennart Hansson is a Swedish former footballer who played as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36613833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613833" title="Roland Rasmusson">
Roland Rasmusson

Roland Rasmusson is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36613835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613835" title="Whirl-Y-Gig">
Whirl-Y-Gig

Whirl-Y-Gig is the longest running world music dance club in London. It was set up by Ros Madden as an experiment of the Association of Humanistic Psychology in 1981, who passed it on to the capable hands of DJ Monkey Pilot four years later. Ros Madden died on 20 October 2011 in Luton. Monkey Pilot plays a wide range of music in the club, primarily world music/dance music fusions, but also many other genres. Whirl-y-Gig is hailed as one of the central venues for people from London's alternative community.
Whirl-Y-Gig also appears at festivals, showing both live bands, who are mixed on the spot by DJ Monkey Pilot, or DJ sessions. They appear at such festivals as Beautiful Days, the Whitby Musicport Festival and the Sunrise Celebration. They have also appeared at the short-lived Canterbury Fayre and also at Womad Reading. They also run their own record label called Whirl-Y-Music and are organizing their own festival, the Whirl-Y-Fayre in August 2013.
Whirl-Y-Gig's have featured artists such as Banco De Gaia, System 7, Dreadzone, Astralasia, Eat Static, Loop Guru, Baka Beyond, Transglobal Underground, Another Green World and Kamel Nitrate.

</doc>
<doc id="36613839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613839" title="Moneuptychia">
Moneuptychia

Moneuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36613845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613845" title="Horace Nunn">
Horace Nunn

Horace Nunn was a New Zealander professional rugby league footballer of the 1920s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#150), and Wellington, as a , i.e. number 6.
Playing career.
International honours.
Nunn represented New Zealand on their 1921 tour of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36613853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613853" title="Gert Persson">
Gert Persson

Gert Persson is a Swedish former footballer who played as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36613858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613858" title="Avalon (Professor Green song)">
Avalon (Professor Green song)

"Avalon" is a song by British rapper Professor Green, taken from his second studio album, "At Your Inconvenience". The track features vocals from singer-songwriter Sierra Kusterbeck. The track serves as the album's fourth official single, and was released as a digital download in the United Kingdom on 16 September 2012. For its single release, the track has been remixed, with a heavier, guitar-laden sound. A music video to accompany the release of "Avalon" was filmed on 23 August 2012. Kusterbeck will appear in the video alongside Green.
Prior to release, the song featured on the first ever Relentless TV advert featuring footage of Professor Green drinking the energy drink whilst vandalizing cars by walking on top of their roofs, and performing the track live alongside Sierra Kusterbeck. For the advert, the lyric in the first verse was adjusted in order to mention Relentless. The video was directed by Ross Cairns and filmed at various locations in London. Professor Green is a Relentless Energy Drink brand ambassador.

</doc>
<doc id="36613875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613875" title="Neonympha">
Neonympha

Neonympha is a Nearctic and Neotropical genus of satyrid butterfly.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.
Former species.
"Neonympha nerita" (Capronnier, 1881) is a synonym of "Paryphthimoides poltys".

</doc>
<doc id="36613880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613880" title="Wally Desmond">
Wally Desmond

Walter "Wally" Leslie Desmond was a New Zealander professional rugby league footballer of the 1920s and '30s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#184), and Wellington, and at club level for Leeds, and Castleford, as a , or , i.e. number 2 or 5, or, 6.
Playing career.
International honours.
Desmond played in New Zealand's 20-28 defeat by Great Britain at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 2 October 1926.
Club career.
Desmond made his début for Leeds scoring 2-tries in the 31-5 victory over Keighley at Headingley Stadium on Saturday 29 October 1927.
Genealogical information.
Walter L. Desmond's marriage to Norah E. Hill took place during April→June 1933 in Leeds North district, the marriage took place on 1 April 1932 at St. Michael's Church[http://www.riponandleedsbells.org.uk/buslingthorpe_st_michael.htm], Buslingthorpe, Leeds.

</doc>
<doc id="36613884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613884" title="Arne Hjertsson">
Arne Hjertsson

Arne Hjertsson (4 September 1918 – 12 June 1987) was a Swedish footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36613906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613906" title="1.">
1.

1. is the ordinal form of the number one in a number of European languages.
1. may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36613909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613909" title="2012 Beijing International Challenger – Men's Doubles">
2012 Beijing International Challenger – Men's Doubles

Sanchai Ratiwatana and Sonchat Ratiwatana successfully defended their title, defeating Yuki Bhambri and Divij Sharan 7–6(7–3), 2–6, [10–6] in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36613928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613928" title="Luigi Trillo">
Luigi Trillo

Luis Antonio Trillo, better known as Luigi Trillo is the former head coach of the Alaska Aces in the Philippine Basketball Association. He is also the former head coach of the Cebuana Lhuillier Gems in the PBA D-League.
Coaching Profile.
Unlike most coaches, Trillo did not play professionally at first. Trillo was out of the bird’s nest quite early at 22 years old when he first got the offer to coach for a private school for boys called Southridge in 1997.
After Southridge, he became a co-coach with George Gallent in the junior Philippine Basketball League. He then got an offer as an assistant coach for the Cebu Gems in the now-defunct Metropolitan Basketball Association, where he went straight to the finals in his first year.
In 2000, he joined the Adamson Falcons and, at 23 years old, became the youngest head coach in the UAAP at the time. His inexperience showed as the Soaring Falcons did not win a game in the first two seasons."Those first two years were really trying times for me because, remember, you're inheriting a team that's in last place and then we had to recruit,"he said as he explained the early parts of his 4 and a half years with Adamson.
His hard work resulted in a UniGames title for Adamson. Although his time with Adamson wasn’t the brightest of years, it still remains just as significant to him because it made him “realize how tough coaching was.”
While at Adamson, he was also offered by coach Tim Cone, who was then his neighbor, to be his assistant coach At Alaska, which he accepted. He juggled learning about coaching through the UAAP and with the Alaska franchise. After his stint with Adamson, he became head coach of the Cebuana Lhuillier Gems in the PBA Developmental League. During Trillo's tenure at Cebuana Lhullier, they had an impressive debut on their first PBA D-League game on that 83-62 win against Cafe France. They finished 5-1 on Group B.
Beaujing Acot replaced him after their 82-55 farewell victory against Cagayan Rising Suns because he replaces Joel Banal as a head coach of the Alaska Aces. The Elasto Painters spoiled his debut in a score of 107-100 but the Aces recovered and won 104-84 on their game vs. Barako Bull Energy.
During the PBA 2012-13 season (Trillo's first full season), he quite made an impression around the league by battling the eventual champions Talk N' Text Tropang Texters to seven games during the 2012-13 PBA Philippine Cup Semis. In the 2013 PBA Commissioner's Cup, he led the team to the 14th championship in franchise history, the first in the post-Cone era. His team also came within a game of ousting the eventual champion San Mig Coffee Mixers in the quarterfinals of the 2013 PBA Governors Cup. Because of his achievements, he was awarded as the 2012-13 PBA Coach of the Year by the PBA Press Corps.
Two games into the 2014 PBA Governor's Cup, he stepped down as head coach of Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="36613971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613971" title="Peter Hansford">
Peter Hansford

Peter Hansford is an English civil engineer. He served as the 146th President of the Institution of Civil Engineers(ICE) (2010-2011) and in July 2012 it was announced that he would succeed Paul Morrell as the UK government's chief construction adviser in November 2012. 
Hansford studied civil engineering at Nottingham University, and then worked at Amey Roadstone Construction and Maunsell Consultations Asia in Hong Kong. He later joined the Nichols Group, working as engineering manager for London's Docklands Light Railway City extension and Beckton extension projects (1989-1992). He also has a MBA from Cranfield University.
Hansford is a Fellow of the Institution of Civil Engineers and of the Association for Project Management, and chaired the ICE's expert panel contributing to the UK government's Low Carbon Construction IGT report (2010), a key building block of the industry reforms started by Morrell.
On 2 July 2014, construction minister Michael Fallon announced that Hansford's term of office would be extended to November 2015.
Infrastructure Steering Committee.
Peter Hansford, ICE Past President, chaired the Infrastructure Steering Committee (ISC), a group of leading clients, consultants, contractors and academics who are a focal point for industry input into the work of the IUK Infrastructure Cost Review implementation programme. This Industry Standards Group report was prepared in response to the Infrastructure Cost Review programme. 
Involved with the Infrastructure UK cost study, Hansford has also worked on various strategic reviews including ones for the Highways Agency, the Nuclear Decommissioning Authority and Network Rail.

</doc>
<doc id="36613977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613977" title="European Association of Cardiothoracic Surgery">
European Association of Cardiothoracic Surgery

The European Association of Cardiothoracic Surgery (EACTS) is a learned society devoted to the practice of cardiothoracic surgery. The main objects of the association are to advance education in the field of cardiovascular and thoracic surgery and to promote research in thoracic physiology, pathology, and therapy as well as to correlate and disseminate results. Within the EACTS there is a large number of committees working on various issues in order to improve cardio-thoracic surgery.
Organizational history.
EACTS was founded as a European organisation. However, its membership is now spread all over the world in all continents representing some 70 countries. Since its foundation in 1986 more than 2000 members have been admitted, and the interest in applying for membership has grown considerably during the last few years.
Annual Meeting.
The EACTS Annual Meeting is the largest cardio-thoracic meeting in the world focusing on scientific developments and research in the following specialities: Acquired Cardiac Disease, Congenital Heart Disease, Vascular Disease and Thoracic Disease. 
Journals.
The EACTS has three journals for the publication of high quality research; European Journal of Cardio-Thoracic Surgery (EJCTS), Interactive CardioVascular and Thoracic Surgery (ICVTS), and Multimedia Manual of Cardio-Thoracic Surgery (MMCTS) 
Quality Improvement Programme.
The Quality Improvement Programme was launched in 2012 to facilitate continuing improvement of clinical outcomes in adult cardiothoracic surgery through improving education, and various research initiatives.
The organisation has collaborated with the European Society of Cardiology, the American Heart Association, Oxford University, and other organizations to produce clinical practice guidelines and consensus statements related to the treatment of cardiovascular disease. 

</doc>
<doc id="36613990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613990" title="Siril Helljesen">
Siril Helljesen

Siril Helljesen (born 1978) is a Norwegian equestrian. She was born in Oslo. She finished 31st in the individual dressage at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. She became the first Norwegian to compete in dressage event at the Olympics since 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="36613991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36613991" title="Luino–Milan railway">
Luino–Milan railway

Luino–Milan railway is a railway line in Lombardy, Italy.
The railway line was opened on 17 March 1884, to provide, together with the Luino–Oleggio railway, a second access to the Gotthard railway.

</doc>
<doc id="36614004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614004" title="Dorset College">
Dorset College

Dorset College is a private college, located on the northside of Dublin. Founded in 1983 it provides training in Computing, Business, Accounting, Information Technology, Law, English Language, University Foundation Programmes, Teacher Training, Psychology, Interior Design, Childcare, Montessori and Healthcare. A number of its programmes are accredited by the Irish governments FETAC and also HETAC, as well as this it has programmes validated by professional bodies such as ACCA, IATI, CIPD, ACELS and PMI.
While many of its courses are Post Leaving Certificate and part-time professional training, it also provides a BA Degree in Business validated by HETAC, who also validate the Higher Certificate in Business, both are available full-time during the day or during the evening.
The College is a "Gold Standard" ACCA tuition provider, and is an ACCA CBE center and provides training for the ACCA Certified Accounting Technician programme.
Dorset College is recognised, by The Advisory Council for English Language Schools in Ireland (ACELS), under the auspices of The Irish Department of Education & Science for the teaching of English as a foreign language. 
The college has three campuses, in Dorset Street, Belevere place and Mountjoy square, in 2007 they set up a high speed data link between the three sites using laser technology. There is a Canteen, IT facilities, Library and Study facilities, WiFi is available on campus, and a number of course work is available online with Moodle. The college also offer a recruitment service to students, helping with CV preparation and interview skills.

</doc>
<doc id="36614013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614013" title="Motor control center">
Motor control center

A motor control center (MCC) is an assembly of one or more enclosed sections having a common power bus and principally containing motor control units. Motor control centers are in modern practice a factory assembly of several motor starters. A motor control center can include variable frequency drives, programmable controllers, and metering and may also be the electrical service entrance for the building. Motor control centers are usually used for low voltage three-phase alternating current motors from 208 V to 600 V. Medium-voltage motor control centers are made for large motors running at 2300 V to around 15000 V, using vacuum contactors for switching and with separate compartments for power switching and control.
Motor control centers have been used since 1950 by the automobile manufacturing industry which used large numbers of electric motors. Today they are used in many industrial and commercial applications. Where very dusty or corrosive processes are used, the motor control center may be installed in a separate air-conditioned room, but often an MCC will be on the factory floor adjacent to the machinery controlled.
A motor control center consists of one or more vertical metal cabinet sections with power bus and provision for plug-in mounting of individual motor controllers. Very large controllers may be bolted in place but smaller controllers can be unplugged from the cabinet for testing or maintenance. Each motor controller contains a contactor or a solid-state motor controller, overload relays to protect the motor, fuses or a circuit breaker to provide short-circuit protection, and a disconnecting switch to isolate the motor circuit. Three-phase power enters each controller through separable connectors. The motor is wired to terminals in the controller. Motor control centers provide wire ways for field control and power cables.
Each motor controller in an MCC can be specified with a range of options such as separate control transformers, pilot lamps, control switches, extra control terminal blocks, various types of thermal or solid-state overload protection relays, or various classes of power fuses or types of circuit breakers. A motor control center can either be supplied ready for the customer to connect all field wiring, or can be an engineered assembly with internal control and interlocking wiring to a central control terminal panel board or programmable controller.
Motor control centers usually sit on floors, which are often required to have a fire-resistance rating. Firestops may be required for cables that penetrate fire-rated floors and walls.

</doc>
<doc id="36614018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614018" title="Amund Gismervik">
Amund Gismervik

Amund Gismervik (born 1991) is a Norwegian diver. He was born in Stavanger. He qualified for the 10 metre platform at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36614033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614033" title="Building Societies Act">
Building Societies Act

Building Societies Act is a stock short title used in both Ireland and the United Kingdom for legislation relating to building societies.
List.
United Kingdom.
The Building Societies Acts 1874 to 1894 was the collective title of the following Acts:

</doc>
<doc id="36614047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614047" title="Odd Arne Brekne">
Odd Arne Brekne

Odd Arne Brekne (born 1984) is a Norwegian sport shooter. He was born in Farsund. He qualified for competing at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. 

</doc>
<doc id="36614050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614050" title="2012 Odlum Brown Vancouver Open – Men's Doubles">
2012 Odlum Brown Vancouver Open – Men's Doubles

Treat Conrad Huey and Travis Parrott were the defending champions, but decided not to compete.<br>
Maxime Authom and Ruben Bemelmans won the title, defeating John Peers and John-Patrick Smith 6–4, 6–2 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36614053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614053" title="1929 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Singles">
1929 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Singles

Helen Wills defeated Helen Jacobs 6–1, 6–2 to win the Ladies' Singles tennis title at the 1929 Wimbledon Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36614061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614061" title="Mount Cope">
Mount Cope

Mount Cope may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36614066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614066" title="Ole Kristian Bryhn">
Ole Kristian Bryhn

Ole Kristian Bryhn (born 1 May 1989) is a Norwegian sport shooter. He was born in Drammen. He qualified for competing at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36614073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614073" title="Typhoon Damrey (2012)">
Typhoon Damrey (2012)

Typhoon Damrey (international designation: 1210, JTWC designation: 11W) was a relatively small but compact tropical cyclone, which became the strongest to affect the area north of the Yangtze River since 1949. It was the tenth named storm and the fifth typhoon of the 2012 Pacific typhoon season. The name "Damrey" means "elephant" in Khmer, the official language of Cambodia.
Damrey developed into a tropical storm north of the Tropic of Cancer on July 28 and drifted slowly. By late on July 30, Damrey began to accelerated west-northwestward. The storm struggled to make deep convection wrap around itself due to vertical wind shear and dry air since formation, until it passed near Kyushu on August 1. Damrey finally intensified into a typhoon early on August 2, a half of day before it made landfall over the northern Jiangsu.
Meteorological history.
Late on July 26, a tropical disturbance formed southwest of Minamitorishima, which was originally associated with the divergent north of a tropical upper tropospheric trough (TUTT). On July 27, as the original TUTT cell weakened, an upper-level anticyclone was building on the system. Although not being a fully warm-core system initially, it intensified into a tropical depression according to the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA), when sea surface temperature ranged from 29 to 31°C. However, the low-level circulation center (LLCC) became exposed later. On July 28, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the system, before JMA upgraded it to a tropical storm and named it "Damrey". Late on the same day, JTWC upgraded Damrey to a tropical depression, with a partially exposed LLCC under moderate northwesterly vertical wind shear. 
Damrey drifted southwestward slowly on July 29, as it was positioned south of a col region produced by an upper-level mid-latitude shortwave trough digging east of Japan. At noon, JTWC upgraded Damrey to a tropical storm based on consolidation within the LLCC, although overall convection has slightly decreased. A second TUTT cell located to the east approached and began to enhance eastward outflow, yet the south TUTT which provided convergence filled up. On July 30, Damrey began to track northwestward. The LLCC of Damrey became well-defined and fully exposed, as dry air surrounded the west semi-circle. By late on July 30, Damrey intensified into a severe tropical storm northeast of Chichi-jima and began to accelerated west-northwestward along the southern periphery of a deep-layered subtropical ridge to the north. 
The storm started to rebuild central convection on July 31, yet troughing and dry air entrainment degraded outflow over the southern portion. On August 1, deep convection finally wrapped around the LLCC because of tracking over the warmest regions of the Kuroshio Current, as well as dry air began to weaken. When Damrey passed near Ōsumi Islands at 06Z, the system developed a central dense overcast. According to JTWC Best Track Data, Damrey became a typhoon at 12Z. Poleward outflow channel still remained, but increasing convergence from the outflow of Typhoon Saola produced subsidence on the southern semi-circle and limited convection.
Based on RSMC Best Track Data, Damrey intensified into a typhoon west of Jeju at 00Z on August 2, when it just arrived at the Yellow Sea. At the moment, the typhoon featured a ragged eye with a symmetric eyewall, yet deepest convection was mostly confined to the northern semi-circle. As Saola weakened into a severe tropical storm and became quasi-stationary near Taiwan, its outflow has weakened due to an increase in distance between two systems. Unlike JTWC analyses that Damrey began to gradually weaken after 00Z on August 2, JMA analyses that the typhoon reached peak intensity at 06Z, with ten-minute maximum sustained winds at 70 knots (130 km/h, 80 mph) and the atmospheric pressure at . Damrey was still tracking along the southern periphery of a deep-layered subtropical ridge anchored over Kyushu, Japan, when the system had a ragged eye with a symmetric eyewall. 
After slightly weakening, Damrey made landfall as a minimal typhoon over Xiangshui County in Jiangsu, China at 13:30 UTC (21:30 CST). Because of land interaction, the system weakened into a severe tropical storm near Lianyungang at 18Z, when JTWC also downgraded it to a tropical storm with a final warning. Early on August 3, Damrey weakened into a tropical storm north of Linyi in Shandong, and then it turned northward. A half of day later, the system weakened into a tropical depression northeast of Binzhou, before it turned northeastward and arrived at the Bohai Sea. The system dissipated near the coast of Qinhuangdao in Hebei on August 4.
Preparations and impact.
Prior to Typhoon Damrey's arrival in eastern China, officials issued a red alert, the highest level of warning in China's alert system, for Jiangsu Province and ordered the evacuation of 100,000 residents.
Striking Jiangsu Province on August 2, Damrey brought damaging wind gusts up to and heavy rains to the region. At least 21 counties across Jiangsu and neighboring Shandong Provinces were affected by the storm. Across Shangdong Province, rainfall from the storm reached . According to officials, two people were killed and twenty-nine others were injured in the hard-hit Rizhao area. Overall, at least 1,718 homes were destroyed and approximately 30,000 were damaged. Economic losses in the province were estimated at 1.69 billion yuan (US$265.2 million).
Severe flooding in Liaoning Province triggered by the typhoon's heavy rains destroyed approximately 10,000 homes and damaged 17,000 more. Economic losses from the storm were estimated at 2.36 billion yuan (US$370.4 million). In Benxi, severe flooding along the Sandaohe and Xihe Rivers trapped about 300 construction workers in a tunnel on August 6. Nine people were killed and four others were reported missing in the province. In neighboring Hebei Province, another 9,400 homes were destroyed and five person was killed and another was reported missing. Between the two provinces, at least 3.79 million people were affected by the storm. On August 4, the Chinese government launched a relief operation to aid victims of the flooding.

</doc>
<doc id="36614090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614090" title="Tiago Rafael Maia Silva">
Tiago Rafael Maia Silva

Tiago Rafael Maia Silva (born 2 June 1993) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.F. Os Belenenses as an attacking midfielder.
Football career.
Born in Lisbon, Silva joined local C.F. Os Belenenses' youth system at the age of 16, signing from S.L. Benfica. He made his senior debut on 29 July 2012, playing the full 90 minutes in a 1–1 home draw against U.D. Oliveirense for the season's League Cup. His first match in the second division occurred on 11 August, a 3–1 home win over C.D. Feirense where he also started.
Silva ultimately contributed with 37 games and four goals as the "Estádio do Restelo" side returned to the top level after a three-year absence. He made his debut in the main category of Portuguese football on 18 August 2013, being booked in a 0–3 home loss to Rio Ave FC.

</doc>
<doc id="36614107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614107" title="Syrian Support Group">
Syrian Support Group

The Syrian Support Group (SSG) is a Washington,D.C.-based non-governmental organization that was founded in December 2011 in response to the actions of the Assad regime in the Syrian civil war. A team of Syrian expatriates, led by Ontario resident Louay Sakka, founded the SSG when they came to the conclusion that armed revolution was necessary. The Syrian Support Group is the only organization legally permitted by the U.S. government to provide support directly to the Free Syrian Army (FSA). The Syrian Support Group provides aid to select units of the FSA as determined by the SSG's vetting procedure, conducted by its offices in Turkey, which seeks to ensure those units' compliance with a set of democratic principles and a lack of affiliation with extremist groups such as the Al-Nusra Front. The Syrian Support Group relies on private donations to support its operations.
On 23 July 2012, the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Asset Control granted the organization its license to fund the Free Syrian Army. On Wednesday, 1 August 2012, a Treasury Department official confirmed that they had given Syrian Support Group this license. The license requires that the organization make monthly reports of their expenditures to the U.S. Department of State. A copy of SSG's OFAC license can be viewed in full here.
In February 2013, the Chief of Staff of the Syrian opposition's Supreme Military Council, General Salim Idris, agreed to work with international governments via the Syrian Support Group in order to secure equipment for his fighters. General Idris also signed the Syrian Support Group's Proclamation of Principles on behalf of the Supreme Military Council.
On 30 April 2013, the Syrian Support Group provided logistics and transport for United States aid to the Free Syrian Army. The aid, which included $8 million in MREs and WALK kits (Warrior Aid and Litter Kits), is currently being distributed from warehouse facilities in northern Aleppo. This aid distribution has expanded into several additional shipments of food and medical supplies, totaling over $10 million.
In July 2013, a Daily Telegraph article reported that the US State Department warned the SSG that any funds it gathered could not be used for weapons. The article reported that this event lead to a decline in SSG's private donations, with the group never having more than $200,000 in its accounts. The article also claimed that in June 2013 the head of the SSG in Washington resigned after the group failed to gain traction with US Government officials. In a publicized rebuttal, SSG denied that such a warning had ever occurred, citing its ongoing relationship with the State Department as the "implementing partner" for aid shipments, as well as Ambassador Robert Ford's letter of appreciation. The SSG also maintained that the support of its donor base had not waned, and in fact this support had led to the organization's hiring of new staff members.
The Daily Telegraph article reported that the group's former European government affairs director, David Falt, alleged that the SSG spent months trying to negotiate deals to sell rights to Syrian oil output worth hundreds of millions of dollars. This effort was reportedly headed by former NATO official Brian Sayers. According to Mazen Asbahi, the president of SSG, the group's board eventually cancelled these attempted oil deals after becoming uncomfortable with them. Additionally, in a letter to the editor of the Daily Telegraph, Sayers denied that oil transactions were intended to benefit the organization itself, stating that SSG explored "using revenues from petroleum" and other materials for the direct benefit of the Free Syrian Army. Sayers also asserted that "forged and fraudulent emails" were used to form the article.

</doc>
<doc id="36614108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614108" title="Palaeonympha">
Palaeonympha

Palaeonympha is a genus of satyrid butterfly.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36614114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614114" title="Old St. Wenceslaus Catholic Parish House">
Old St. Wenceslaus Catholic Parish House

The Old St. Wenceslaus Catholic Parish House is a historic Catholic church hall located in Tabor, South Dakota. The church was constructed by immigrants from Bohemia in 1878. The church was in use until 1910, when it was replaced by the St. Wenceslaus Catholic Church and Parish House. It is the oldest brick structure in the city of Tabor. The church hall was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 8, 1988, as part of a "Thematic Nomination of Czech Folk Architecture of Southeastern South Dakota".

</doc>
<doc id="36614145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614145" title="Joseph Vogel (executive)">
Joseph Vogel (executive)

Joseph Richard Vogel (September 7, 1895 – March 1, 1969) was an American executive best known for his stint at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, including a reign as president from 1956-63.
Biography.
Vogel was born in New York and attended Townsend Harris High School. He started working part-time as an usher and at age 18 was appointed manager of the Fulton Theatre for Loews. He worked his way up Loew's Theatres and by 1945 was director of all their theatres.
In 1954 when government decree separated Loew's production and distribution actives from the exhibition company, Vogel was elected president of Loew's Inc.
MGM Presidency.
In October 1956 Vogel replaced Arthur M. Loew as president of MGM.
He had to deal with a significant corporate turmoil, including a takeover attempt in 1957 from former president Louis B. Mayer in association with two board members, Stanley Meyer and Joseph Tomlinson. Mayer attacked Vogel calling him a "fool" and not "capable of filling the post - no more capable of filling it than you would be fighting the heavyweight champion." However Vogel managed to fight off the takeover attempt and Mayer died of leukemia in 1957.
Vogel and his head of production Sol Siegel initially enjoyed a number of successful years at MGM, green lighting such movies as "Gigi" (1958), "North by Northwest" (1959), "King of Kings" (1961) and most notably "Ben Hur" (1959).
However they also oversaw a number of expensive flops, such as "Cimarron" (1960), "Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse" (1961), and especially "Mutiny on the Bounty" (1962), which ultimately caused millions in losses.
Vogel was forced to resign in January 1963, replaced by Robert O'Brien and kicked upstairs to the role of chairman. Four months later he retired to Palm Beach, where he eventually died of a heart attack.
He was survived by a wife Lena and son Robert. He was the brother of cinematographer Paul Vogel.

</doc>
<doc id="36614159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614159" title="Romano Battisti">
Romano Battisti

Romano Battisti (Priverno, 21 August 1986) is an Italian rower.
Biography.
He won silver medal in double sculls at the 2012 Summer Olympics, with Alessio Sartori

</doc>
<doc id="36614163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614163" title="Bill Williams (footballer born 1960)">
Bill Williams (footballer born 1960)

William "Bill" Williams (born 7 October 1960) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Manchester City, Rochdale and Stockport County.

</doc>
<doc id="36614165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614165" title="Sizwe Ndlovu">
Sizwe Ndlovu

Sizwe Lawrence Ndlovu (born 24 September 1980) is a South African rower. He won a gold medal in the Men's lightweight coxless four event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. It was South Africa's first ever Olympic gold medal for rowing. The rest of the team were James Thompson, John Smith and Matthew Brittain. 

</doc>
<doc id="36614168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614168" title="Van der Walt">
Van der Walt

van der Walt is an Afrikaans surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36614179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614179" title="2012 Manta Open – Doubles">
2012 Manta Open – Doubles

Brian Dabul and Izak van der Merwe were the defending champions, however chose not to play this year.<br>
Duilio Beretta and Renzo Olivo won the title, defeating Víctor Estrella and João Souza 6–3, 6–0 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36614183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614183" title="Yoandys Lescay">
Yoandys Lescay

Yoandys Alberto Lescay Prado (born 5 January 1994) is a Cuban sprinter.
He reached the semi-finals in the 200 metres at the 2012 World Junior Championships in Athletics in Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="36614184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614184" title="Paramacera">
Paramacera

Paramacera is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Nearctic and Neotropical ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36614190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614190" title="Kalamsar Mohida">
Kalamsar Mohida

Kalamsar Mohida Taloda tehsil, Nandurbar district in the Indian state of Maharashtra is located approximately 7 kilometers from Taloda tahsil.
The primary occupation is farming. The population numbers approximately 3000.
Sugar cane, bananas, papaya, cotton, and turmeric are the major crops. 
No proper road or public transit reaches the village.
In the rainy season, water flow makes it impossible to pass through to the village.
The nearest hospitals are in Taloda Taloda and Shahada, Maharashtra Shahada. 
A government school teaches first to fourth standard. 
High schools are aviailable in Taloda, including Sheth K D High School and New High School. 
The nearest technical college is Engineering College of Shahada, 25 kilometers away.
Mohida is situated between Taloda and Borad. It is 1.5 kilometers from Umri village. 

</doc>
<doc id="36614191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614191" title="John Smith (South African rower)">
John Smith (South African rower)

John Smith (born 12 January 1990) is a South African rower. He won a gold medal in the Men's lightweight coxless four event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36614192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614192" title="Palaeonympha opalina">
Palaeonympha opalina

Palaeonympha opalina is a species of satyrid butterfly. It is found in Taiwan and China.
The larvae of subspecies "macrophthalmia" feed on "Lophatherum gracile", "Oplismenus undulatifolius" (including var. microphyllus), "Miscanthus sinensis".

</doc>
<doc id="36614196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614196" title="Pellow">
Pellow

Pellow is both a surname and given name. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36614199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614199" title="Reiek">
Reiek

Reiek is a tourist spot 29 km from Aizawl, Mizoram, India. It rest at an elevation of 1548 metres overlooking Aizawl and offers view of the surrounding valleys and hills. On a clear day the plains of Bangladesh can be seen from the top of the hill. Reiek Hill is surrounded by thick lush green temperate trees and bushes.
Heritage village.
Reiek has a typical Mizo village consisting of the distinctive traditional huts of the different Mizo sub-tribes, Mizo chieftain’s house, a bachelor’s dormitory and that of a widow has been created and maintained by Tourism Department of Mizoram. The houses are fully furnished giving the visitor a peek into the glorious past of the valiant highlanders. A few Mizo modern houses have also been constructed nearby to show the changes that have taken place in the Mizo way of life in keeping pace with the modern developments. The Department also has a cafeteria and a resort providing decent food and accommodation. This is also the venue for the annual Anthurium festival and the best time to visit would be in April.
Anthurium Festival.
Anthurium Festival is a festival promoting Anthurium grown in Mizoram and the rich Mizo customs and traditions at Reiek Tlang to tourists. The Anthurium Festival is organized every year by the Tourism Department and the Horticulture Department with financial support of the central government. It has a dual purpose — promoting the cultivation and marketing of the enthralling flower and attracting more tourists to the scenic beauties of Mizoram. The festival showcases the rich and rhythmic cultural dances and games of Mizoram. Fashion shows are also a regular feature of the festival.
Wildlife.
The forests in Reiek hills are home to a fascinating variety of hill birds, including the rare Peregrine falcon which one might see perched on a lofty ledge or swooping on cliff swallows. Right on top of the peak is a big boulder jutting out over a high precipice. The Environment & Forest Department has encouraged tourist to inform the local community before trekking in the forest of Reiek.

</doc>
<doc id="36614209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614209" title="Nesseby Church">
Nesseby Church

Nesseby Church () is a parish church in Nesseby Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. It is located on a peninsula in the village of Nesseby, overlooking the Varangerfjorden. The church is part of the Nesseby parish in the Indre Finnmark deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The prayer books in the church are in the Northern Sami language.
Adjacent to the church is what is regarded by some as the oldest chapel in the Varanger area, dating from the 1700s.
Designed by Christian Heinrich Grosch and built of wood in 1858, it has seats for 250 people. It was fully restored in 1983. The church has a narrow choir whose floor is higher than that of the nave. There are sacristies beside the choir, which has a lower ceiling, of a type called a "saddle ceiling", than that of the nave. The roof is supported by wooden columns which separate the central nave from two side-naves. This style was used in churches designed by Grosch in the 1850s. The nave is also distinguished from the two side-naves by the fact that the latter have lower ceilings, a feature which, apparently, Grosch derived from German church design.

</doc>
<doc id="36614210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614210" title="Soun Veasna">
Soun Veasna

Soun Veasna (born March 27, 1994 in Cambodia) is a footballer for Svay Rieng in the Cambodian League
He has represented Cambodia at senior international level.

</doc>
<doc id="36614211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614211" title="Luino–Oleggio railway">
Luino–Oleggio railway

Luino–Oleggio railway is a railway line in Lombardy, Italy.
The railway line was opened on 4 December 1882, in order to provide a second access to the Gotthard railway.
Trafficking Novara-Laveno is closed to passenger service from 12 December 2013. Replaced by bus only in the part Sesto Calende-Laveno.

</doc>
<doc id="36614216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614216" title="Caldron Linn (Idaho)">
Caldron Linn (Idaho)

Cauldron Linn, or Caldron Linn, also known as Star Falls, is a waterfall on the Snake River in southern Idaho.
Caldron Linn was a key site on the Astor Expedition, an expedition to the Pacific Ocean led by Wilson Price Hunt. The expedition attempted to canoe down the Snake River and had already lost one of their party to the river when they encountered the waterfall. The churning waters of the falls inspired the expedition to abandon the river and continue on land to the Pacific. The waterfall was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 for its role in the expedition.

</doc>
<doc id="36614219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614219" title="Matthew Brittain">
Matthew Brittain

Matthew Brittain (born 5 May 1987) is a South African rower. He won a gold medal in the Men's lightweight coxless four event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36614220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614220" title="Van Deren">
Van Deren

Van Deren is both a surname and a given name. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36614232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614232" title="Van Dessel">
Van Dessel

Van Dessel may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="36614238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614238" title="James Thompson (rower)">
James Thompson (rower)

James Thompson (born 18 November 1986) is a South African rower. He attended school at St. Andrew's College, Grahamstown. He joined the Tuks rowing club and received a Sport Sciences degree from the University of Pretoria. Thompson won a gold medal in the Men's lightweight coxless four event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36614241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614241" title="Van Devanter">
Van Devanter

Van Devanter is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36614248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614248" title="27 Kinder European Challenge">
27 Kinder European Challenge

The 27 Kinder European Challenge, in which Nathan Farrugia and volunteers ran a full marathon, every day, across 27 different EU states, began on 11 September 2011. The Challenge was concluded successfully in Cyprus on 7 October, 27 days later. The event was funded by Ferrero, the chocolate maker. The Challenge was timed to coincide with the European Year of Volunteering and to raise funds for charity.
The first aim of the challenge was to break the world record of consecutive full marathons (42.2 km) in different countries back to back. This was accomplished using a wide range of transport including and primarily a 4-bed camper van that was driven by professional driver Lawrence Cachia from Malta. Nathan was supported by Clifford Sultana who cycled adjacent to provide food and hydration on the run. A number of journalists joined the camper van for days or short stretches to record the event. Each run started at a designated time in various European cities and the official marathon or equivalent recognised distance was measured and covered.
The second aim of the challenge was to raise funds for children's charities in the countries visited. Over €100,000 was raised (including Ferrero sponsorship) for charities chosen by the Ferrero representative in each country. The largest fundraising effort came from Malta, and was shared between Inspire Foundation and the Daniel Delicata Memorial Association for the construction of a children's outdoor play area at the new national Mater Dei Hospital. Other charities benefitted across the EU including the Children's Society in England.
Medical Interest - due to the extreme nature of the event a number of medical professionals monitored Nathan's health. Nathan is not a professional athlete and therefore there was worry about the ability of his body to tolerate the 300 km or so a week of running, for 4 whole weeks. Surprisingly, Nathan suffered no major ill effects except for a muscle tear in Marathon 10. Subsequently, his finishing times improved as the days past with the majority of the runs finishing under 4hrs. His fastest was 3hr34min (number 26 in Greece) and his slowest was Rotterdam where he was injured (in 4hr 40min).
Veracity of success - Nathan was tracked by live GPS spotter to confirm distance covered, as well as being followed by eye witnesses and the media in most countries.

</doc>
<doc id="36614251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614251" title="Alexei Klimov">
Alexei Klimov

Alexei Klimov (born 27 August 1975 in Tomsk) is a Russian sport shooter. He set a world record in the 2006 World Cup, 25 metre rapid fire pistol.

</doc>
<doc id="36614271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614271" title="Hmuifang">
Hmuifang

Hmuifang is a tourist spot near Aizawl, Mizoram. It is about 50 km from Aizawl With an elevation of 1619 metres, the mountain is still covered with virgin forests reserved since the Mizo Chief's time. Hmuifang is on the way to Lunglei.
History.
Hmuifang Tourist resort has been built right on the former land of Lallianvunga the erstwhile chief who used to rule over the villages in the mountain. Hmuifang is also the source of Tuirial River.
Thalfavang Kut.
Thalfavang Kut, a Mizo festival is being regularly being held in Hmuifang organized the Tourism Department of Mizoram to promote Tourism. Different Mizo dances like Cheraw, Sawlakai, Siktuithiang lam and Chheihlam are showcased in the festival.

</doc>
<doc id="36614273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614273" title="Van Dien">
Van Dien

Van Dien is a surname of Dutch origin. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36614284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614284" title="Van Dijck">
Van Dijck

Van Dijck is a Dutch toponymic surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36614288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614288" title="Cychrus busatoi">
Cychrus busatoi

Cychrus busatoi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Cavazzuti in 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="36614289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614289" title="Cychrus businskyanus">
Cychrus businskyanus

Cychrus businskyanus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Imura in 2000. 

</doc>
<doc id="36614291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614291" title="Cychrus businskyorum">
Cychrus businskyorum

Cychrus businskyorum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Imura in 2000. 

</doc>
<doc id="36614294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614294" title="Marianne Morris">
Marianne Morris

Marianne Morris is a poet who was born in Toronto in 1981 and raised in London. She studied English Literature at Newnham College, Cambridge, and founded the poetry micropress Bad Press.
Published works.
Morris's published works include:

</doc>
<doc id="36614298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614298" title="Riccardo Ruotolo">
Riccardo Ruotolo

Riccardo Ruotolo (November 15, 1928 – August 1, 2012) was the titular bishop of Castulo and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Manifredonia-Viesti-San Giovanni Rotondo, Italy.
Ordained to the priesthood in 1951, Ruotolo became bishop in 1995 and retired in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36614315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614315" title="Van Dooren">
Van Dooren

Van Dooren is a toponymic surname of Dutch origin and a variation of the more common Van Doorn. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36614325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614325" title="Alex Scholpp">
Alex Scholpp

Alex Scholpp is a German guitarist born in Stuttgart, who is known above all for his activity in the band Farmer Boys. His hobbies are guitar, jamming with colleagues, he likes beer and testing new guitar equipment. He also likes teaching his students to play guitar. From sports he enjoyes skateboard and surfing. He loves finding new artists, that he doesn't know yet, and cooking with his wife. In music he is still working on something new, looking for new ways how to express his feelings via guitar. Cooperating with Tarja doesn't restrict just on tours, but comprises also recording guitars for her albums. Alex is also a member of German bands Tieflader and Dacia & The WMD. He is the husband of the singer Dacia Bridges (Tape, Dacia & The WMD).

</doc>
<doc id="36614328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614328" title="Parataygetis">
Parataygetis

Parataygetis is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36614329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614329" title="St. John's German Evangelical Church">
St. John's German Evangelical Church

St. John's German Evangelical Church or variations may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36614349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614349" title="Petroleum Act">
Petroleum Act

Petroleum Act is a stock short title used in the United Kingdom for legislation relating to petroleum.
List.
The Petroleum Acts 1871 to 1881 was the collective title of the following Acts:

</doc>
<doc id="36614351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614351" title="Paryphthimoides">
Paryphthimoides

Paryphthimoides is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36614358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614358" title="Chammliberg">
Chammliberg

The Chammliberg is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located south of the Klausen Pass in the canton of Uri. While the south side of the mountain is covered by the large Hüfi Glacier, the north-west side consists of an 800 metre high face.

</doc>
<doc id="36614366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614366" title="Chief Construction Adviser to UK Government">
Chief Construction Adviser to UK Government

The role of Chief Construction Adviser is a British civil service appointment. It was created by United Kingdom ministers in 2009 to provide cross-departmental coordination and leadership on UK construction industry policy.
History.
The "creation of a post of Chief Construction Officer" was recommended by the House of Commons Business and Enterprise Select Committee in July 2008. The UK government directly or indirectly provides around 40% of the construction industry's workload so its influence as a client is significant.
Paul Morrell was the first person appointed to this pan-departmental role, with a slightly revised title of 'chief construction adviser', in November 2009; the role was initially for two years, and Morrell was re-appointed for a further one-year term in October 2011.
In July 2012, the name of Morrell's successor, Peter Hansford, was announced. Hansford took up the role on 1 December 2012. On 2 July 2014, construction minister Michael Fallon announced that Hansford's term of office would be extended to November 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="36614368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614368" title="Pharneuptychia">
Pharneuptychia

Pharneuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36614374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614374" title="Van Grunsven">
Van Grunsven

van Grunsven or VanGrunsven is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36614381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614381" title="Van Drunen">
Van Drunen

Van Drunen or VanDrunen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36614385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614385" title="Nicolau Colaco">
Nicolau Colaco

Nicolau Colaco (born 16 May 1984) is an Indian footballer who plays as a defender for Salgaocar in the I-League.
Career.
Salgaocar.
Colaco played in 14 I-League matches last season including 5 2012 AFC Cup matches for Salgaocar.
International.
On 31 July 2012 it was announced that Colaco was selected into the 37 man squad for the India national football team that would play in the 2012 Nehru Cup at the end of August.

</doc>
<doc id="36614392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614392" title="Meghan Musnicki">
Meghan Musnicki

Meghan Musnicki (born February 5, 1983 in Naples, New York) is an American rower. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics where she won the gold medal in the Women's eight.

</doc>
<doc id="36614401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614401" title="Göztepe, Istanbul">
Göztepe, Istanbul

Göztepe is a neighborhood in Kadiköy district of Istanbul, Turkey. The place's name, meaning literally "watch hill" in English language, was coined after the watchman's nickname "Gözcü Baba" of the dervish lodge, which situated on a hill there.
The neighborhood on the Asian part of Istanbul is bordered in the south by Sahilyolu (Coastline) and the Sea of Marmara, in the north by Merdivenköy, in the east by Erenköy and in the west by Çiftehavuzlar neighborhoods.
The notable high street of the Asian part of Istanbul, the Baghdad Avenue, runs through Göztepe. The city park of Göztepe is the largest green area along Baghdad Avenue covering .
History.
The neighborhood developed in the late Ottoman times during the reign of Sultan Abdul Hamid II (1876-1909) as a residence area for high court officials. In the western part of the area, wealthy Levantines and other non-Muslims settled. Wooden mansions within lavish gardens were built in Göztepe and around. At the suburb, there were also farms and dairies, which supplied the court with their products as well.
Göztepe railway station is the fourth stop from Haydarpaşa Terminal on the commuter line of Haydarpaşa-Gebze. Its opening followed the establishment of the Baghdad Railway, and contributed to further settlement in the area.
In the first half of the 20th century, the area was populated as a summer resort mostly. While meny of the historic wooden mansions made place for modern buildings following fires, a small number of them still exist.
After the construction of the highway passing through north of Göztepe, the neighborhood grew into that direction in the meadows.

</doc>
<doc id="36614405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614405" title="Teodor von Burg">
Teodor von Burg

Teodor von Burg (, born January 26, 1993 in Belgrade) is a mathematics student from Serbia. As of July 2012, he is the most successful participant of the International Mathematical Olympiad. He has won four gold medals, a silver, and a bronze medal.
Teodor attended Matematička gimnazija, a special school for gifted and talented students of mathematics, physics and informatics located in Belgrade. However, all his mathematical knowledge, Teodor owes to his private teachers, especially Prof. Dr. Vladimir Janković, his tutor for four and half years, whose ex-student, Dušan Đukić, created the most difficult problem (6) at the IMO 2012. As of October 2012, Teodor has been studying at Exeter College, Oxford University.
In Serbia, Teodor holds several records with regard to mathematical competitions (both local and international) among students up to the age of 20 years:
– the youngest competitor of the Junior Balkan Mathematical Olympiad, Balkan Mathematical Olympiad and International Mathematical Olympiad;
– the most successful competitor of the Junior Balkan Mathematical Olympiad (4 medals: 2 golds, 1 silver, 1 bronze), Balkan Mathematical Olympiad (6 medals: 3 golds, 3 silvers) and International Mathematical Olympiad (4 golds, 1 silver, 1 bronze);
– first ever to win the absolute 1st place in the Balkan Mathematical Olympiad;
– the most successful competitor in the local competitions (57 mathematical competitions: 44 first, 11 second, and 2 third prizes).
In January 2010 Teodor was awarded the Saint Sava Award, for his contribution and commitment in the field of education.
In September 2012 Teodor received the Charter of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts for his contribution in the field of Mathematics. Mathematical Faculty, Belgrade, Serbia Receiving the Charter of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts
In October 2012 Teodor received the "Karić Brothers" Award, in the field of scientific and research work. Receiving "The Karic Brothers Award" on October 8th, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36614419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614419" title="Lauren Wilkinson (rower)">
Lauren Wilkinson (rower)

Lauren Wilkinson (born October 17, 1989 in Vancouver) is a Canadian rower. She graduated from Princeton University in 2011. During her senior year at Princeton Wilkinson stroked the crew that won the I Eight event at the 2011 NCAA Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36614420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614420" title="Swiss Customs Museum">
Swiss Customs Museum

The Swiss Customs Museum, or Museo doganale svizzero, is a museum located in the Swiss canton of Ticino. The museum is sited near Cantine di Gandria, directly across the Lake Lugano from the village of Gandria, and adjacent to the border with Italy. The museum was formerly a border post on that border, but now forms part of the Swiss National Museum.
In the 19th and 20th centuries, smuggling flourished in the mountain valleys of Ticino and Graubünden, and the museum covers the history of this, and the work of customs officers to counteract it. In a modern context, it covers the work of the Swiss Federal Customs Administration and the Swiss Border Guard.
The museum has no road access, and is best reached by boat. Boats of the Società Navigazione del Lago di Lugano (SNL) provide several crossings a day to Lugano.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="36614422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614422" title="Van Dunem">
Van Dunem

Van Dunem or Van-Dúnem is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36614435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614435" title="2012–13 Scottish Youth Cup">
2012–13 Scottish Youth Cup

The 2012–13 Scottish Youth Cup was the 30th season of the Scottish Youth Cup, the national knockout tournament at youth level organised by the Scottish Football Association for its full and associate member clubs. The tournament is now for the under-20 age group to complement current youth development strategies, having formerly been an under-19 competition.
Celtic won the competition for the fourth year in succession, defeating Dunfermline Athletic, 3–1 in the final at Hampden Park.
Calendar.
The final of the competition was brought forward by one day to 1 May 2013 after a request by Dunfermline Athletic, as a number of their youth squad had stepped up to the first-team after the club entered administration.
Format.
The sixteen clubs who reached the Fourth round of the 2011–12 competition receive a bye to the third round of this season's tournament. The remaining thirty four clubs enter the first round and are initially divided into three regional groups to reduce travelling. The tournament becomes an all-in national competition from the third round onwards.
First Round.
The draws for the First and Second Rounds were conducted on 31 July 2012.
Central Group.
Three ties were drawn in this group with the following clubs receiving a bye to the second round:
North Group.
No First Round ties were drawn in this group with all the following clubs receiving byes to the Second round.
South Group.
No First Round ties were drawn in this group with all the following clubs receiving byes to the Second round.
Second Round.
The second round ties are due to be played on or around 23 September 2012.
South Group.
Gala Fairydean receive a bye to the third round.
Third Round.
The following sixteen clubs enter at this stage by virtue of having reached the fourth round of last seasons competition:
The third round draw took place on 25 September 2012 at Hampden Park, Glasgow.
Annan Athletic were expelled from the tournament due to player registration errors.
Fourth Round.
The fourth round draw was conducted on 23 October 2012.
Quarter-finals.
The Quarter-final draw was conducted on 27 November 2012.
Semi-finals.
The semi-final draw was conducted at Hampden Park on 27 November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36614439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614439" title="Pindis">
Pindis

Pindis is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36614441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614441" title="Gemsfairenstock">
Gemsfairenstock

The Gemsfairenstock is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Uri and Glarus. It lies east of the Klausen Pass, on the range east of the Clariden.
A trail leads to its summit via the western ridge.

</doc>
<doc id="36614447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614447" title="Kenneth Roy MacLeod">
Kenneth Roy MacLeod

Kenneth Roy MacLeod (September 10, 1927 – March 30, 2011) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Regina Albert Park from 1971 to 1975 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Liberal.
He was born in Wadena, Saskatchewan and was educated in Tisdale and at the University of Saskatchewan, where he received a law degree. He practised law in Saskatoon and then Regina, where he became a partner in Balfour, MacLeod, McDonald, Moss, Laschuk and Kyle. In 1968, MacLeod ran unsuccessfully as a Liberal in the federal Regina East riding. In 1973, he was named Queen's Counsel. MacLeod served as a judge in the Court of Queen's Bench for Saskatchewan from 1975 to 2002.
MacLeod was president and founder of the Kiwanis National Little League and the Saskatchewan Little League District One. A baseball field in Regina was named the Honourable Ken MacLeod Field in his honour. MacLeod was named to the Regina Sports Hall of Fame in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="36614449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614449" title="Mythology of Oceania">
Mythology of Oceania

The mythology of Oceania and the gods of the Pacific region are both complex and diverse. They have been developed over many centuries on each of the islands and atolls that make up Oceania. Some gods are shared between many groups of islands while others are specific to one set of islands or even to a single island. Their exact roles are often overlapping as one god can appear in different places under different names. A god can also appear in many different forms. 

</doc>
<doc id="36614453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614453" title="List of programs broadcast by CNBC Pakistan">
List of programs broadcast by CNBC Pakistan

This is a list of programs currently broadcast on CNBC Pakistan

</doc>
<doc id="36614455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614455" title="Van Dusen">
Van Dusen

Van Dusen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36614457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614457" title="Carse Loch">
Carse Loch

Carse Loch is situated (NX 926 849) in a low lying area, surrounded by woodland, close to the A76 at Friar's Carse, in Dumfries and Galloway, Parish of Dunscore. It was once used as a monastic fish pond and the friars are said to have hidden their treasures on the crannog in times of danger. The loch is located about 7 miles from Dumfries and 2 miles from Auldgirth.
History.
In 1465 a charter was granted by Cardinal Antonius of Rome for the Cistercian order of monks from Melrose to build a monastery on the site of the old British fort and druidical circle at Friar's Carse. Only a monastic farm or grange may have actually been established at the site of the present day hotel of Friars Carse rather than a friary as also witnessed by the names Grange Mill, Grange Loch, Grangeview, etc. 
The place name 'Court Hill' close to the loch may recall the location of the Court Hill of the friars and later feudal lairds, suggesting that the loch may have served as the drowning pit for female criminals as part of the 'pit and gallows' powers of feudal law enforcement.
The place name 'Kerse or Carse' in the Scots language refers to 'Low and fertile land adjacent to a river or loch'. The loch was once used as a fish pond by the friars of the monastic grange.
William Crawford's map of 1804 shows a Grange Mill and Grange Loch with a single island. Roy's map of 1747 shows a 'Grange Loch' with a mill nearby and a single island.
The 1855 OS map shows a substantial loch with a single island and the nearby Carse Mill corn mill with a lade avoiding the loch and joining its Main Burn outflow. By 1899 Carse Loch has reduced considerably in size and the lade from Carse Mill enters it directly.
In 1909 the loch, recorded as Friars' Carse Loch, had a surface area of between two and three acres. The loch was fed by the diverted and dammed Laggan Burn as well a burn running down from Allanton, the outflow being the Mains Burn. Since the closure of the mill the Laggan Burn no longer runs into the loch, greatly reducing the water supply.
The Crannog.
A small island in a loch near Friars' Carse was identified as a being the remains of a lake dwelling or crannog, and in 1878 was measured as being circa 80 ft by 70 ft.
Some of the timbers were morticed and bore traces of clay flooring and central paving. Medieval pottery was found and additionally a dug-out canoe or logboat with a paddle, carrying an inserted sternboard, was found in the mud near the crannog
As stated, he friars are said to have hidden their treasures on the crannog during times of war, raids from England, etc. The nearby Debatable lands were also frequently in turmoil.
An axe hammer was found on the old crannog that was located in the loch.
Carse Loch is now much reduced in surface area through drainage and is enclosed within a marsh surrounded by a part of the Stottpark woodlands. The original crannog is said to have collapsed under the water surface in 1879 following its archaeological investigation, although one or two islands are still shown on modern OS maps. The loch has since been progressively drained via the Mains Burn. 
Carse Mills.
The corn mill or miln (Scots), shown near 'Grange Loch' in 1747, was still operational in 1909 fed by the Laggan Burn with two holding ponds with a dam and sluice located to the south of the minor road at Burnhead. The OS maps show that the lade leading away from the mill originally emptied into the Mains Burn until the 1890s when the water entered the partly drained loch directly. The Mains Burn empties directly into the River Nith. A diversion lade is shown on the 19th century OS maps, allowing water to be directed away from the water wheel when required.
A smithy and a small school are marked on the 19th century OS maps next to Grangeview below Burnhead Farm.
A mill building is also shown in 1855 at Carse Mains Farm below Penflowing Bridge, where a small millpond and dam was once located. By 1899 the millpond had been drained and only a hydraulic ram is shown at the site of the old mill.
Micro-history.
In 1879 fine examples of Roman paterae or drinking bowls were found near Friars Carse during the construction of the road.
The Laggan Burn in 1909 was considered to be suitable for the production of electricity via a hydroelectric power plant.
Memorials in Dunscore Old Kirk burial ground record details of the Ireland and Fergusson families of Carse Mill.

</doc>
<doc id="36614466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614466" title="Tam Dil">
Tam Dil

Ṭam Dil is a reservoir lake situated 6 km from Saitual, the nearest town, and 64 km from Aizawl, the capital city of Mizoram, India. In Mizo language, the word "Ṭam" is a contraction of "anṭam", which means a mustard plant; and "Dil" means "lake". A new species of frog called "Leptolalax tamdil" was described from this lake in 2010.
Origin.
The origin and etymology of Ṭam Dil are shrouded in myth. Folklore has it that a married couple had a jhum plot in this small valley surrounded by small steep hills. The man unfortunately died leaving the wife to care for the crops alone. In the middle of the field was a robust mustard plant, conspicuously bigger than any other plants. One night the widow has a visitation by her husband, who informed her to take special care of the giant mustard plant as it was a harbinger of immense blessing. On the wake, she did as told, and the plant thrived very well. As time went, the widow remarried but the new husband objected to any thing reminiscence of the deceased husband, and so he plucked the plant up by the roots and discarded it. The vast hole left in the ground was then soon filled by water (seeping from the plant, according to some versions; from the ground itself, in another version) to become an exquisite lake. Hence the name of Ṭam Dil, for the "lake of the mustard".
Tourim.
The lake is reconstructed as part of building a fishing reservoir by the Fisheries Department, Government of Mizoram. Lake-side resorts are maintained by the Tourism Department.

</doc>
<doc id="36614496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614496" title="Sytske de Groot">
Sytske de Groot

Sytske de Groot (born 3 April 1986 in Delft) is a Dutch rower. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics where she won the bronze medal in the Women's eight.
As of 2012, she was a student of marine engineering at Delft University of Technology and she was a member of the Proteus-Eretes rowing club in Delft. As a part of Dutch women's eight team, she was a bronze medalist at the 2009 European Championship and a silver meadlist of the 2010 European Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36614499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614499" title="Siberian nuthatch">
Siberian nuthatch

The Siberian nuthatch ("Sitta arctica") is a small passerine bird of the family Sittidae, found in Eastern Siberia. Until 2006, it was usually treated as a subspecies of the Eurasian nuthatch ("Sitta europaea").

</doc>
<doc id="36614506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614506" title="Vágseiði">
Vágseiði

Vágseiði is an area in Vágur, Faroe Islands, located on the west coast of Suðuroy west of the village Vágur, from which it takes its name. "Eiði" is the Faroese word for "Isthmus". The distance between the east and the west coast of Vágur is only one km. There is a lake between the village and Vágseiði, the lake is called Vatnið, which is the Faroese word for Lake. The football stadium of FC Suðuroy and the sports hall Vágshøll are located on Vágseiði, 100-200 m from the cliffs. The natural harbour on Vágseiði is called Kleivin. The 200 m high cliff south of Vágseiði is called Skúvanes, and the cliffs from Skúvanes towards south are called Eggjarnar. There is a skerry, which looks like some rocks, in the bay of Vágseiði, this skerry is called Heltnarnar. The sea is often rough here and the waves often break against the cliffs here, and often Heltnarnar almost disappear in the surf.
History.
There is a small boat harbour on Vágseiði, no pier or anything like that, just a natural harbour. It is not in daily use anymore, but in the 19th and early 20th century it was a busy harbour for fishing boats. Kleivin is partially natural harbour and partially man made. Part of the cliffs have been taken away by dynamite in 1929, concrete was used to improve the harbour and wooden stocks for the boats were sat on the concrete, in order to make it easier to take the boats down to the sea. 
In 1906 fishermen from Vágur made a cable way from the gorge Múlagjógv in the west towards east to Vágseiði. The sea is more calm in the gorge, and it was better to take the boats from Múlagjógv up in the air, pulled by man power using the cable way, better than using the dangerous sea around Heltnarnar to Kleivin. The cable way was one of the reasons that the first electricity power plant in the Faroe Islands was made a few kilometers north of Vágseiði, on the other side of the mountain Gjógvárafjall in a place called Botn or Í Botni (In the Bottom). They wanted electricity for the cable way in order to drag the boats ashore. The cable way was partially financed by the fishermen who used it and partially by Vágur Municipality. 
The sea is often very rough on Vágseiði, so it could be dangerous to go fishing from this place, but they fishermen had great respect for the weather conditions. They used the other harbour on the east coast when the weather didn't allow them to go fishing from Vágseiði. There used to be boat houses on Vágseiði, but a hurricane on 14 January 1989 which caused much damage and caused the sea to go over its level, took away most of these boat houses and they have not been re-built since then. The boats are now in other boat houses around the fjord of Vágur, Vágsfjørður. Sometimes they make excursions in old wooden boats starting from Vágseiði. The boats then get transported by trucks to Vágseiði. In May 2010 people from Vágur and from some of the neighbour villages made an excursion with the old wooden rowing boats which are called Grindabátar, to Sumba in the south and back again.
External links.
The Municipality of Vágur

</doc>
<doc id="36614507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614507" title="Portobello Institute">
Portobello Institute

Portobello Institute is a private post leaving certificate college specialising in Healthcare, Beauty Therapy, Montessori, travel, business, and creative studies. The Institute is a registered HETAC and FETAC provider.
It has variety of programmes validated by a number of bodies including HETAC, ACCA (Certified Accounting Technician), BIFM, City & Guilds, FETAC, ICM, IFMA, ILM, ISSA, ITEC, and Virgin Airways. Many of its courses are aimed at specific jobs in industry, as well as professional training courses, many of its courses would be FETAC level, the Montessori Training Course would be a HETAC Level 6 Higher Certificate course.
It is located in Dominck St., Dublin, and a some of its course are available online. A graduation ceremony takes place each year, in the past few year it has taken place in the RDS in November. The 2012 graduation took place on the 10th of November in the RDS Concert Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="36614529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614529" title="Bossiaea aquifolium">
Bossiaea aquifolium

Bossiaea aquifolium , commonly known as Water Bush, is a species of flowering plant in the pea family Fabaceae. It is endemic to Southwest Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="36614563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614563" title="Jayson Megna">
Jayson Megna

Jayson Megna (born February 1, 1990) is an American professional ice hockey Forward currently playing with the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League (NHL).
Playing career.
Megna played his high school hockey at Glenbrook North High School and Tabor Academy and graduated in 2009. He then went to the USHL where he played two seasons with the Cedar Rapids Roughriders. After two seasons with Cedar Rapids, Jayson went to University of Nebraska at Omaha where he played on the same team as his brother Jaycob Megna. While there, Jayson was named to the WCHA All-Rookie Team. 
Following his Freshman year Jayson attended the Pittsburgh Penguins development camp and on August 1, 2012 he signed a two-way contract with an annual value of $925,000. In the 2013–14 season, on October 24, 2013, Jayson was recalled from the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins (AHL). He made his NHL debut against the New York Islanders on October 25, 2013. He scored his first NHL point, an assist and also his first NHL goal against the Carolina Hurricanes on October 28, 2013.
Family.
His younger brother Jaycob (born December 10, 1992) was selected by the Anaheim Ducks in the 7th round (210th overall) of the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="36614585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614585" title="Exeter">
Exeter

Exeter ( or ) is a historic city in Devon, England. It lies within the ceremonial county of Devon, of which it is the county town as well as the home of Devon County Council. Currently the administrative area has the status of a non-metropolitan district, and is therefore under the administration of the County Council. The city is on the River Exe, about northeast of Plymouth, and southwest of Bristol. According to the 2011 Census, its population in that year was 117,773.
Exeter was the most south-westerly Roman fortified settlement in Britain. Exeter Cathedral, founded in the early 12th century, became Anglican at the time of the 16th-century Reformation.
The city's transport hubs include Exeter St Davids railway station, Exeter Central railway station, the M5 motorway and Exeter International Airport connecting the city both nationally and internationally.
History.
Prehistoric and Roman times.
The favourable location of Exeter, on a dry ridge ending in a spur overlooking a navigable river teeming with fish, and fertile land nearby, suggests the site was occupied early. The discovery of coins dating from the Hellenistic period in the city indicates the existence of a settlement trading with the Mediterranean region as early as 250 BC.
The Latin name for Exeter, "Isca Dumnoniorum" ("Isca of the Dumnones or Devonians"), suggests that the city was of Celtic origin. This oppidum (a Latin term meaning an important town) on the banks of the River Exe certainly existed prior to the foundation of the Roman city in about AD 50; however, the name may have been suggested by a Celtic adviser to the Romans, rather than by the original inhabitants of the place.
Such early towns, or proto-cities, had been a feature of pre-Roman Gaul as described by Julius Caesar in his "Commentarii de Bello Gallico" ("Commentaries on the Gallic Wars"), and it is possible that they existed in neighbouring Britannia as well. "Isca" is derived from a Brythonic Celtic word for flowing water, which was given to the Exe and, elsewhere, to the River Usk on which Caerleon in Monmouthshire stands. This element is clearly present in the Modern Welsh names for Exeter (Caerwysg) and the River Exe (Afon Wysg). The Romans gave the city the name "Isca Dumnoniorum" to distinguish it from "Isca Augusta", modern Caerleon. Excavations in the 1970s and 1980s established the presence of a Roman military fortress at Exeter (constructed around AD 55) almost certainly for Legion II Augusta. In 2010, part of a Roman military works depot and supply base was excavated at the St Loyes site on Topsham Road; it lay on the line of the Roman road between the fortress at Exeter and a small fort at Topsham.
Significant parts of the Roman wall remain, though most of the visible structure is later. Most of its route can be traced on foot. A substantial Roman baths complex was excavated in the 1970s, but because of its proximity to the cathedral, it was not practicable to retain the excavation for public view. Exeter was also the southern starting point for the Fosse Way Roman road.
More than 1,000 Roman coins have been found in the city, indicating its importance as a trading centre. The dates of these coins suggest that the city was at its most prosperous in the first half of the fourth century. However, virtually no coins dated after AD 380 have been found, suggesting a rapid decline.
After the Romans left Britain in the early 5th century, nothing is known of Exeter for about 270 years, until around 680 when a document about St Boniface reports that he was educated at the Abbey in Exeter.
Celtic & Saxon times.
The Saxons arrived in Exeter after defeating the Britons at the Battle of Peonnum in Somerset in 658. It is likely that amongst the ruins of the Roman city there was plenty of room for both peoples, and the Saxons allowed the Britons to continue to live in their own quarter of the city under their own laws. This was almost certainly in the same area as the ancient British settlement – in the locality of the present-day Bartholomew Street. Until 1637 this street was known as "Britayne" in memory of the fact that it was once the British quarter. 
In 876 Exeter (then known as "Escanceaster") was attacked and briefly captured by the Danes. Alfred the Great drove them out the next summer, and in the following years made Exeter one of the four burhs in Devon, repairing the Roman city walls in the process. In 893 the city held off another siege by the Danes.
In about 928 King Athelstan caused the walls to be thoroughly repaired and at the same time drove out the Britons from the city. It is not known whether or not these Britons had lived in the city continuously since Roman times – they may have been immigrants from the countryside when Alfred made the city a burh. According to William of Malmesbury, they were sent beyond the River Tamar, thereby fixing that river as the boundary of Devon, although Athelstan may have been restoring an old Dumnonian boundary. Other references suggest that the British simply moved to what is now the St. David's area, not far outside the city walls. The quarter vacated by the Britons was then apparently adapted as "the earl's burh", and was still named "Irlesberi" in the 12th century.
In 1001 the Danes again failed to get into the city, but they were able to plunder it in 1003 because they were let in, for unknown reasons, by the French reeve of Emma of Normandy, who had been given the city as part of her dowry on her marriage to Æthelred the Unready the previous year.
Medieval times.
In 1068, possibly because Gytha Thorkelsdóttir, mother of King Harold, was living in the city, Exeter rebelled against William the Conqueror who promptly marched west and laid siege. After 18 days William accepted the city's honourable surrender in which he swore an oath not to harm the city or increase its ancient tribute. However, William quickly arranged for the building of Rougemont Castle to ensure the city's compliance in future. Properties owned by Saxon landlords were transferred into Norman hands, and on the death of Bishop Leofric in 1072, the Norman Osbern FitzOsbern was appointed his successor.
In 1136, early in the Anarchy, Rougemont Castle was held against King Stephen by Baldwin de Redvers. Redvers submitted only after a three-month siege, not when the three wells in the castle ran dry, but only once the large supplies of wine in the garrison that they were using for drinking, baking, cooking and for putting out the fires started by the besiegers, were exhausted. During the siege, King Stephen built an earthen fortification at the site now known
(erroneously) as Danes Castle.
The city held a weekly market for the benefit of its citizens from at least 1213, and by 1281 Exeter was the only town in the south west to have three market days per week. There are also records of seven annual fairs, the earliest of which dates from 1130, and all of which continued until at least the early 16th century.
During the high medieval period, both the cathedral clergy and the citizens enjoyed access to sophisticated aqueduct systems which brought pure drinking water into the city from springs in the neighbouring parish of St Sidwell’s. For part of their length, these aqueducts were conveyed through a remarkable network of subterranean tunnels, or ‘underground passages’, which survive largely intact and which may still be visited today.
Tudor and Stuart times.
In 1537, the city was made a county corporate. In 1549, the city successfully withstood a month long-siege by the so-called Prayer Book rebels: Devon and Cornish folk who had been infuriated by the radical religious policies of King Edward VI. The insurgents occupied the suburbs of Exeter, burnt down two of the city gates and attempted to undermine the city walls, but were eventually forced to abandon the siege after they had been worsted in a series of bloody battles with the king’s army. A number of rebels were executed in the immediate aftermath of the siege. The Livery Dole almshouses and chapel at Heavitree were founded in March 1591 and finished in 1594.
The city's motto, "Semper fidelis", is traditionally held to have been suggested by Elizabeth I, in acknowledgement of the city's contribution of ships to help defeat the Spanish Armada in 1588; however its first documented use is in 1660. Schools in Exeter teach that the motto was bestowed by Charles II in 1660 at the Restoration due to Exeter's role in the English Civil War.
When in 1638 Reverend John Wheelwright was exiled from the Massachusetts Bay Colony and subsequently established a community on the banks of the Squamscott River, he named the region Exeter after its Devonian counterpart. During the American Revolution it became the capital of New Hampshire.
Exeter was secured for Parliament at the beginning of the English Civil War, and its defences very much strengthened, but in September 1643 it was captured by the Cornish Royalist Army led by Prince Maurice. Thereafter, the city remained firmly under the king’s control until near the end of the war, being one of the final Royalist cities to fall into Parliamentarian hands. The surrender of Exeter was negotiated in April 1646 at Poltimore House by Thomas Fairfax. During this period, Exeter was an economically powerful city, with a strong trade of wool. This was partly due to the surrounding area which was "more fertile and better inhabited than that passed over the preceding day" according to Count Lorenzo Magalotti who visited the city when he was 26 years old. Magalotti writes of over thirty thousand people being employed in the county of Devon as part of the wool and cloth industries, merchandise that was sold to "the West Indies, Spain, France and Italy". Celia Fiennes also visited Exeter during this period, in the early 1700s. She remarked on the "vast trade" and "incredible quantity" in Exeter, recording that "it turns the most money in a week of anything in England", between £10,000 and £15,000.
Georgian and Victorian times.
Early in the Industrial Revolution, Exeter's industry developed on the basis of locally available agricultural products and, since the city's location on a fast-flowing river gave it ready access to water power, an early industrial site developed on drained marshland to the west of the city, at Exe Island. However when steam power replaced water in the 19th century, Exeter was too far from sources of coal (or iron) to develop further. As a result the city declined in relative importance, and was spared the rapid 19th century development that changed many historic European cities. Extensive canal redevelopments during this period further expanded Exeter's economy, with "vessels of 15 to 16 tons burthen up goods and merchandise from Topsham to the City Quay". In 1778 a new bridge across the Exe was opened to replace the old medieval bridge. Built at a cost of £30,000, it had three arches and was built of stone.
In 1832, cholera, which had been erupting all across Europe, reached Exeter. The only known documentation of this event was written by Dr Thomas Shapter, one of the medical doctors present during the epidemic.
The first railway to arrive in Exeter was the Bristol and Exeter Railway that opened a station at St Davids on the western edge in 1844. The South Devon Railway Company extended the line westwards to Plymouth, opening their own smaller station at St Thomas, near the lower end of Fore Street. A more central railway station, that at Queen Street, was opened by the London and South Western Railway in 1860 when it opened its alternative route to London. Butchers Lloyd Maunder moved to their present base in 1915, to gain better access to the Great Western Railway for transportation of meat products to London.
The first electricity in Exeter was provided by the "Exeter Electric Light Company", which was formed at the end of the 1880s, but it was municipalised in 1896 and became the "City of Exeter Electricity Company".
The first horse-drawn trams in Exeter were introduced in 1882 with 3 lines radiating from the city's East Gate. One line went to St David's station via New North Road, the Obelisk (where the Clock Tower now stands) and St David's Hill. The second line went out along Heavitree Road to Livery Dole and the third went to Mount Pleasant along Sidwell Street. There was a depot off New North Road.
Early 20th century.
On 29 March 1905 a new bridge across the Exe was opened replacing the former Georgian bridge. Made of cast-iron and steel with a three hinged arch design, it cost £25,000 and was designed by Sir John Wolfe Barry. Also in 1905 electric trams replaced the horse trams with a new route which passed along the High Street, down Fore Street and over the new Exe Bridge. Once over the Exe the line divided, with one route along Alphington Road and another along Cowick Street. The line to St David's Station travelled along Queen Street instead of along New North Road and the line to Heavitree was extended. On 17 March 1917, a tram went out of control going down Fore Street, hit a horse-drawn wagon, then overturned on Exe Bridge and one female passenger was killed. By the 1920s, there were problems with congestion caused by the trams, a need for expensive track renewal work and the slow speed of the trams in Exeter's narrow streets. After much discussion the council decided to replace the tram service with double-decker buses and the last tram ran on 19 August 1931. The only remaining Exeter tram in service is car 19, now at the Seaton Tramway.
Second World War to the present.
Exeter was bombed by the German Luftwaffe in the Second World War, when a total of 18 raids between 1940 and 1942 flattened much of the city centre. In 1942, as part of the Baedeker Blitz and specifically in response to the RAF bombing of Lübeck and Rostock, of the city, particularly adjacent to its central High Street and Sidwell Street, were levelled by incendiary bombing. Many historic buildings in the heart of the city were destroyed and others, including the Cathedral, were damaged.
Large areas of the city centre were rebuilt in the 1950s, when little attempt was made to preserve Exeter's ancient heritage. Damaged buildings were generally demolished rather than restored, and even the street plan was altered in an attempt to improve traffic circulation. The post-war buildings are generally perceived as being of little architectural merit, unlike many of those that they replaced, such as Bedford Circus and a section of the ancient city wall.
On 27 October 1960, following very heavy rain, the Exe overflowed and flooded large areas of Exeter including Exwick, St Thomas and Alphington. The water rose as high as 2m above ground level in places and 150 employees of the local firm Beach Bros were trapped for nine hours. 2,500 properties were flooded. Later the same year on 3 December the river levels rose again, flooding 1,200 properties. These floods led to the construction of new flood defences for Exeter. Work began in 1965, took 12 years to complete and cost £8 million. The defences included three flood relief channels, and were complemented by the construction of a two new concrete bridges (built in 1969 and 1972) to replace the old Exe Bridge which had obstructed the flow of the river and made the flooding worse.
Despite some local opposition, the Princesshay shopping centre has been redeveloped between the Cathedral Close and the High Street. The development was completed and opened on time on 20 September 2007. There are 123 varied residential units incorporated into the new Princesshay.
To enable people with limited mobility to enjoy the city, Exeter Community Transport Association provides manual and powered wheelchairs and scooters (called Shopmobility) for use by anyone suffering from short or long-term mobility impairment to access to the city centre and shopping facilities, events and meetings with friends and company.
Previously regarded as second only to Bath as an architectural site in southern England, since the 1942 bombing and subsequent reconstruction Exeter has been a city with some beautiful buildings rather than a beautiful city. As a result, although there is a significant tourist trade, Exeter is not dominated by tourism. In May 2008 there was an attempted terrorist attack on the Giraffe cafe in Princesshay.
Governance.
Exeter is in two parliamentary constituencies, the majority of the city is in the Exeter constituency but two wards (St Loyes and Topsham) are in East Devon. Exeter itself is relatively marginal, and since World War II its Member of Parliament has usually been drawn from the governing party. The Exeter MP is Ben Bradshaw and Hugo Swire represents East Devon. Exeter is part of the South West England European constituency, which elects 6 MEPs.
Exeter's city council is a district authority, and shares responsibility for local government with the Devon County Council. In May 2012 Labour became the majority party on the council. Exeter City Council's bid for the city to become a Unitary Authority was initially approved by ministers in February 2010. A judicial review was called by Devon County Council and the Court held that the Minister had acted unlawfully in granting Unitary status to Exeter at the same time, however, following the 2010 general election the new government announced in May 2010 that the reorganisation would be blocked.
From Saxon times, it was in the hundred of Wonford. Exeter has had a mayor since at least 1207 and until 2002, the city was the oldest 'Right Worshipful' Mayoralty in England. As part of the Golden Jubilee of Elizabeth II Exeter was chosen to receive the title of Lord Mayor. Councillor Granville Baldwin became the first Lord Mayor of Exeter on 1 May 2002 when Letters Patent were awarded to the city during a visit by the Queen.
The Lord Mayor is elected each year from amongst the 40 Exeter city councillors and is non-political for the term of office.
Public services.
Policing in Exeter is provided by the Devon and Cornwall Constabulary who have their headquarters based at Middlemoor in the east of the city.
The fire service is provided by the Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service, which is headquartered at Clyst St. George near Exeter. It has two fire stations located at Danes Castle and Middlemoor.
The Royal Devon and Exeter NHS Foundation Trust has a large hospital located to the south east of the city centre. Ambulance services in Exeter are provided by South Western Ambulance Service NHS Trust. The West Trust Divisional HQ and 999 control is in Exeter which provides cover for Devon, Cornwall, Somerset and the Isles of Scilly.
Geography.
The city of Exeter was established on the eastern bank of the River Exe on a ridge of land backed by a steep hill. It is at this point that the Exe, having just been joined by the River Creedy, opens onto a wide flood plain and estuary which results in quite common flooding. Historically this was the lowest bridging point of the River Exe which was tidal and navigable up to the city until the construction of weirs later in its history. This combined with the easily defensible higher ground of the ridge made the current location of the city a natural choice for settlement and trade. In George Oliver's "The History of the City of Exeter", it is noted that the most likely reasons for the original settling of what would become modern Exeter was the "fertility of the surrounding countryside" and the area's "beautiful and commanding elevation its rapid and navigable river".
Its woodland would also have been ideal for natural resources and hunting.
Exeter sits predominantly on sandstone and conglomerate geology, although the structure of the surrounding areas is varied.
The topography of the ridge which forms the backbone of the city includes a volcanic plug, on which the Rougemont Castle is situated. The Cathedral is located on the edge of this ridge and is therefore visible for a considerable distance.
Climate.
Exeter has mild wet winters and warm changeable summers with hot and cooler rainy spells. Temperatures do not vary much throughout the year. The hottest month is July with an average high of , and the coldest month is January with an average high of . January is the wettest month with of rain.
Demographics.
From the 2011 Census, the Office for National Statistics published that Exeter's district area population was 117,773; 6,697 more people than that of the last census from 2001, which indicated that Exeter had a population of 111,076. At the time of the 2011 UK census, the ethnic composition of Exeter's population was 93.1% White, with the largest minority ethnic group being Chinese at 1.7%. The White British, White Irish and other ethnic group all declined in numbers since the 2001 census (−1%, -6% and −10% respectively). Meanwhile, the Chinese and "Other Asian" had the largest increases (429% and 434% respectively). This excludes the two new ethnic groups added to the 2011 census of Gypsy or Irish Traveller and Arab.
Economy.
The Met Office, the main weather forecasting organisation for the United Kingdom and one of the most significant in the world, relocated from Bracknell in Berkshire to Exeter in early 2004. It is one of the three largest employers in the area (together with the University of Exeter and Devon County Council).
Around 35,000 people commute into Exeter on a daily basis, from nearby surrounding towns. Exeter provides services, employment and shopping for local residents within the city limits and also from nearby towns in Teignbridge, Mid Devon and East Devon, together sometimes known as the Exeter & Heart of Devon area (EHOD). Exeter therefore provides for the EHOD area population of 457,400.
Exeter has been identified among the top ten most profitable locations for a business to be based.
The city centre provides substantial shopping facilities. The High Street is mainly devoted to branches of national chains: A NEF survey in 2005 rated Exeter as the worst example of a clone town in the UK, with only a single independent store in the city's High Street, and less diversity (in terms of different categories of shop) than any other town surveyed. Three significant shopping areas that connect to the High Street provide a somewhat more varied menu. Princesshay, a post-war retail area connecting to the south side of the High Street was home to a number of independent stores prior to redevelopment in 2007, but is now also largely occupied by national chains. It is an innovative, varied development, and it is still intended that a number of the new units will be let to local independent stores. On the other side of the High Street, the partly undercover Guildhall Shopping Centre houses a mixture of national and more regional shops, and connects to the wholly enclosed Harlequins Centre where smaller businesses predominate. Smaller streets off the High Street such as Gandy Street also offer a range of independent shops.
On 26 June 2004, Exeter was granted Fairtrade City status.
Although Exeter contains a number of tourist attractions, the city is not dominated by tourism, with only 7% of employment dependent on tourism compared with 13% for Devon as a whole (2005 figures).
Future developments – The local economy in 2012 seems to be withstanding the pressure of the recession better than a lot of towns and cities in the UK. The city is rapidly expanding eastwards with a new Science Park at Redhayes, Intermodal Freight Depot (Sainsburys) at Clyst Honiton, Skypark (Business Park) adjacent the airport and then the new town of Cranbrook, Devon which will have around 6500 new homes. All these developments are adjacent each other. Cranbrook is from the City Centre, meaning it is quicker to travel to nearby towns like Honiton than into Exeter City Centre.
There are also plans to build on land in the Teignbridge and East Devon areas, which border Exeter's boundaries.
Landmarks.
Among the notable buildings in Exeter are:
Secular buildings.
Many of these are built in the local dark red sandstone, which gives its name to the castle and the park that now surrounds it (Rougemont means red hill). The pavements on Queen Street are composed of the rock diorite and exhibit feldspar crystals, while those around Princesshay are composed of granodiorite
Northernhay Gardens.
Located just outside the castle, Northernhay Gardens is the oldest public open space in England, being originally laid out in 1612 as a pleasure walk for Exeter residents. Much of Northernhay Gardens now reflects Victorian design, with trees, mature shrubs and bushes and plenty of flower beds. There are many statues here, including the war memorial by John Angel, "The Deer Stalker" by E. B. Stephens, and the Volunteer Memorial from 1895, which commemorates the formation of the 1st Rifle Volunteers in 1852. Other statues include John Dinham, Thomas Dyke Acland and Stafford Northcote (a local landowner who was a Victorian Chancellor of the Exchequer).
Transport.
Car.
The M5 motorway to Bristol and Birmingham starts at Exeter, and connects at Bristol with the M4 to London and South Wales. The older A30 road provides a more direct route to London via the A303 and M3. The M5 is the modern lowest bridging point of the River Exe. Going westwards, the A38 connects Exeter to Plymouth and south east Cornwall, whilst the A30 continues via Okehampton to north and west Cornwall. Travel by car in the city is often difficult with regular jams centred on the Exe Bridges area. To address the problem, Devon County Council is considering the introduction of congestion charges.
Bus.
Exeter's main operator of local buses is Stagecoach South West, which operates most of the services in the city. Dartline is a minor operator in the City. Former Cooks Coaches were taken over by Stagecoach forming Stagecoach South West. Western Greyhound is also a main operator connecting Exeter to Cornwall, Somerset and many different places in South West England. The
High Street, pedestrianised except for bus and bicycle traffic, serves as the main hub for local buses. Country and express services operate from the city's bus station, in Paris Street, which intersects the High Street at its eastern end; some also call at Exeter St Davids railway station for direct connection to train services.
Country bus services, mostly operated by Stagecoach, run from Exeter to most places in East and North Devon, but some are very infrequent. Regional express services run to Plymouth, Torbay, Bude, and along the Jurassic Coast to Lyme Regis and Weymouth, some operated by Stagecoach and others by First Bus. National Express operates long distance routes, for example to Heathrow and London.
Railway.
There are two main line railway routes from Exeter to London, the faster route via Taunton to London Paddington and the slower West of England Main Line via Salisbury to London Waterloo. Another main line, the Cross-Country Route, links Exeter with Bristol, Birmingham, the Midlands, Leeds, Northern England, and Scotland. Many trains on all three lines continue westwards from Exeter, variously serving Torbay, Plymouth and Cornwall. Local branch lines run to Paignton (see Riviera Line), Exmouth (see Avocet Line) and Barnstaple (see Tarka Line). There is also a summer weekend service to Okehampton for access to Dartmoor.
Exeter is served by two main railway stations. Exeter St Davids is served by all services, whilst Exeter Central is more convenient for the city centre but served only by local services and the main line route to London Waterloo. There are also six suburban stations, Topsham, St James Park, Exeter St Thomas, Polsloe Bridge, Pinhoe and Digby & Sowton, served only by local services.
The Exeter to Plymouth railway of the LSWR needs to be reopened to connect Cornwall and Plymouth to Exeter and the rest of the UK railway system on an all weather basis. There are proposals to reopen the line from Tavistock to Bere Alston for a through service to Plymouth. On the night of 4 February 2014, amid high winds and extremely rough seas, part of the sea wall at Dawlish was breached washing away around of the wall and the ballast under the railway immediately behind. The line was closed. Network Rail began repair work and the line reopened on 4 April 2014. In the wake of widespread disruption caused by damage to the mainline track at Dawlish by coastal storms in February 2014, Network Rail are considering reopening the Tavistock to Okehampton and Exeter section of the line as an alternative to the coastal route.
Air.
Exeter International Airport lies east of the city, and the local airline, previously called Jersey European and British European but now known as Flybe, is a significant local employer. It is also a base for Thomson Airways with flights to Faro, Mallorca, Lanzarote and elsewhere. The airport offers a range of scheduled flights to British and Irish regional airports and charter flights. Connections to international hubs began with Paris Charles de Gaulle in 2005 and later a daily service to Amsterdam Schiphol Airport.
Canal.
The Exeter Canal was completed in about 1566, making it one of the oldest artificial waterways in Britain. It was cut to bypass weirs that had been built across the River Exe to prevent trade in the city and to force boats to unload at Topsham from where the Earls of Devon were able to exact large tolls to transport goods to Exeter. Originally 3 feet deep and 16 feet wide (0.9 m by 5 m), it ran from just below the Countess Weir to the centre of Exeter. It was later extended to Topsham, deepened and widened, and was successful until the middle of the 19th century since when its use gradually declined – the last commercial use was in 1972. However it is now widely used for leisure purposes, and the city basin is being included as part of a £24 million redevelopment scheme.
Education.
The University of Exeter has two campuses in the city, both notable for their attractive parkland. It is one of the largest employers in the city. Exeter is one of the four main sites of the University of Plymouth. St Loye's School of Health Studies, which provides training in occupational therapy has now been incorporated into the University of Plymouth.
Exeter College is a further education college. It operates as a sixth form for the entire maintained school sector in the city.
For about 30 years the city of Exeter operated a maintained school system in which the divisions between phases came at different ages from most of the United Kingdom, with first, middle and high rather than infant, junior and secondary schools, so that children transferred between schools at the age of about 8 and 12 rather than 7 and 11. From 2005, however, it has adopted the more usual pattern, because of the pressures of the UK National Curriculum. The changeover back to the more typical structure led to a city-wide, PFI funded, rebuilding programme for the high schools and led to the changing of names for some schools. Following the reorganisation there are 25 primary schools, four referral schools, three special schools and five secondary schools within Exeter. The secondary schools are ISCA College of Media Arts (formerly Priory High School), St James School (formerly St James High School), St Luke's Science and Sports College (formerly Vincent Thompson High School), St Peter's Church of England Aided School (a consolidation of the former Bishop Blackall High School for Girls and Heles High School for Boys), and West Exe Technology College (formerly St Thomas High School).
The city has a number of independent schools, including Exeter School, Exeter Cathedral School, The Maynard School, Bramdean School, St Wilfrid's School and Exeter Tutorial College.
There are also specialist schools for pupils with sensory disability, including the Royal West of England School for the Deaf, and the West of England School for the Partially Sighted.
The Atkinson Unit is a secure specialist residential and educational complex for children in care or remanded by the courts.
Religion.
There are many churches in Exeter belonging to different Christian denominations and an Anglican cathedral. It is the seat of the Bishop of Exeter. The present building was complete by about 1400, and has the longest uninterrupted vaulted ceiling in England, and other notable features. The Anglican churches form the Exeter Deanery.
Exeter Synagogue, located off Mary Arches Street, was completed in 1763. Exeter's mosque and Islamic centre is on York Road, and serves the Southwest region as well as the city. A purpose-built mosque is currently being constructed on the same site.
At the 2001 census, 69.12% of the population stated their religion as Christian, which is lower than the regional average of 73.99% and the national average of 71.74%. All other religions were under 1%, which was slighter higher than regional averages, although much lower than national averages, except for Buddhism, which was slightly higher than the average. 20.45% stated as having no religion, which was higher than the regional average of 16.75% and the national average of 14.59 and the percentage of people not stating their religion was also slightly higher.
Anglican churches.
John Betjeman (writing in 1958) selects St David's ("Caroë's best church"), St Martin's ("characteristic little city church, 15th century"), St Mary Steps ("medieval city church; font"), St Michael's ("Victorian, on a fine site"), and St. Thomas's ("fittings"). His coverage of St Mary Arches is more detailed: "worth seeing ... as the completest Norman church in Devon: beautifully light and airy after its restoration from the bombing in 1942. 18th-century altar arrangements. Memorials to Exeter worthies, 16th to 18th centuries."
The churches include St David's, near Exeter St Davids Station. It is a fine building by W. D. Caroe and was built between 1897 and 1900. The tower stands on the northeast side, and the whole design is, according to Nikolaus Pevsner, "highly picturesque". Many of the windows are by Kempe & Tower. St Edmund-on-the-Bridge was built on the Exe Bridge ca. 1230–40. Two arches of the bridge remain under the undercroft though the church was rebuilt in the Perpendicular style in 1835, using the old materials.
St Martin's is in the Cathedral Close; the plan is odd, and there are numerous items of church furniture, though these are not of high aesthetic value. St Mary Arches is a Norman church with aisles. St Mary Steps was originally by the West Gate of the city; the font is Norman, and there is a remarkable early clock. St Michael, Heavitree was built in 1844–46 and extended later in the century. St Pancras is of the 13th century and has a nave and chancel only; the font is Norman. The plan of St Petroc's church is highly unusual: a second chancel has been added facing north while the original chancel has another use and faces east. There are two aisles on the south, one of 1413 and another of the 16th century.
St Sidwell's church is by W. Burgess, 1812, in the Perpendicular style. St Stephen's church is partly of the 13th century but most of the structure is as rebuilt in 1826. St Michael and All Angels Church on Mount Dinham has a spire which exceeds the height of the towers of Exeter Cathedral.
Sport.
The rugby union team Exeter Chiefs play at Sandy Park on the edge of the city and regularly achieve attendances of over 9,000. They play in the Aviva Premiership and moved to their new home at Sandy Park in September 2006 at a cost of £15m from their old ground which they had used since 1905.
The Chiefs achieved promotion in the 2009–10 season following back to back victories over Bristol and have remained in the top division of English rugby. In the 2011–12 season the Chiefs finished in fifth place, earning a spot in the Heineken Cup. Exeter Chiefs picked up their first silverware when they beat the current league leaders Northampton 15-8 at Sandy Park in the 2014 LV Cup final. The city also has two other clubs: Wessex Rugby Club, which is located in Exwick, and Exeter Saracens Rugby Club, which is located in Whipton.
The city's professional football club is Exeter City. The club became founder members of the Football League's new Third Division (south) in 1920, but have never progressed beyond the third tier of the English football league system and in 2003 were relegated to the Conference, reclaiming their place in 2008, before completing successive promotions to League One in 2009. They were relegated to League Two at the end of the 2011/12 season.
Exeter Cricket Club play in the Premier Division of the Devon Cricket League at both First and Second XI level.
Exeter Rowing Club enjoys much success both locally and nationally, and has a recorded history stretching back to the early 19th century.
The City of Exeter Rowing Regatta is run annually in July, and is the oldest and biggest regatta in the South West, with racing first recorded on the river in the 1860s.
The Devon & Exeter Squash club is one of the most active squash clubs in the region, annually hosting the Exeter Diamonds which is a professional team of world class players. The club also has a strong membership, high standards and a notable junior team.
The Great West Run, a half marathon, is an annual run taking to the streets of Exeter, taking place on Sunday 13 October in 2013.
Exeter's speedway team, Exeter Falcons, was founded in 1929 and were located at the County Ground until its closure in 2005. In a fixture during the 2004 season, they beat Rye House by the maximum score of 75–18 scoring 5–1s in every heat. Exeter Falcons are hoping to ride again in a proposed new location, possibly at Exeter Racecourse in 2008. The site was where Exeter Falcons legend Australian Jack Geran trained youngsters in the art of the shale sport on a speedway training track in the late 1970s and early-1980s. Speedway was also staged briefly at tracks in Alphington and Peamore after the Second World War. The history of Speedway in Exeter up to the mid-1950s has been recorded in three books by Tony Lethbridge.
Rugby league team Exeter Centurions play in the South West Division of the Rugby League Conference.
There are three archery clubs in Exeter: the Exeter Bramdean Archers, the University of Exeter Archery Club,
and the Exeter Company of Archers.
Culture.
Literature.
The "Exeter Book", an original manuscript and one of the most important documents in Anglo-Saxon literature, is kept in the vaults of the cathedral. The Exeter Book dates back to the 10th century and is one of four manuscripts that between them contain virtually all the surviving poetry in Old English. It includes most of the more highly regarded shorter poems, some religious pieces, and a series of riddles, a handful of which are famously lewd. Some of the riddles are inscribed on a highly polished steel obelisk in the High Street, placed there on 30 March 2005.
The "Exon Domesday" (so called from the preservation of the volume at Exeter), is a volume of Domesday Book that contains the full details which the original returns supplied, but only for part of south-west England, i.e. Cornwall, Devon, part of Somerset, part of Dorset and one manor of Wiltshire; it also contains a record of the geld of 1084 for the whole of these counties.
One of Rosemary Sutcliff's best-known children's books, "The Eagle of the Ninth", begins in Roman Isca Dumnoniorum. Lindsey Davis' Marcus Didius Falco was stationed with the Second Augusta legion in Isca, and revisits it in The Silver Pigs. The "Crowner John Mysteries" by Bernard Knight are a series of books set in 12th century Exeter.
Theatre.
The Northcott Theatre is located on the campus of the university and is one of relatively few provincial English theatres to maintain its own repertory company. Its annual open air Shakespeare performance in the grounds of Rougemont Castle is well regarded nationally. This theatre is the successor to the former Theatre Royal, Exeter.
There are also two other theatre buildings. The Barnfield Theatre was converted in 1972 from the Barnfield Hall which was built towards the end of the 19th century by Exeter Literary Society. The theatre is a charity and is used as a venue for both amateur and professional theatrical companies. In January 2007 it received £200,000, about the same as the original cost to build it, to refurbish its interior. The New Theatre is the home of the Cygnet Training Theatre, a member of the Conference of Drama Schools. In addition, more innovative and contemporary performances, theatrical productions and dance pieces are programmed by Exeter Phoenix off Gandy Street in the City centre; and in September 2010, the subterranean Bike Shed Theatre opened at the upper end of Fore Street, providing an intimate environment for theatre, comedy and live music.
Music.
There are two festivals each year, of all the arts but with a particular concentration of musical events: the annual "Vibraphonic" festival held in March provides a fortnight of soul, blues, jazz, funk, reggae and electronic music.
The largest orchestra based in Exeter is the EMG Symphony Orchestra which presents regular concerts at the University of Exeter and in Exeter Cathedral.
Radio.
BBC Radio Devon broadcasts to Exeter locally on FM (95.8) and AM (990 AM/MW), although the majority of programming comes from Plymouth. In the evenings, BBC Radio Devon joins the South West Regional service. Heart South West, formerly Gemini FM and Devonair, covers the city on 97.0 FM, with East Devon and Torbay using their own frequencies. Both Heart and BBC Devon broadcast from the St. Thomas transmitter, which also provides the city with television coverage; AM radio is broadcast from Pearce's Hill next to J31 of the M5. Other radio stations include Exeter FM, an easy listening station broadcasting on 107.3 FM, Phonic.FM which provides a "no adverts no playlist" alternative on 106.8 FM or online at www.phonic.fm, VI, a station broadcasting from the West of England School and College on 1386 AM/MW. The University has a well established student station, Xpression FM, which broadcasts on 87.7 FM using two low-powered transmitters, although it can be heard over much of the north of the city.
Television.
BBC Spotlight and ITV Westcountry provide Exeter with regional news outputs. The majority of the local BBC output originates in Plymouth, and ITV Westcountry is broadcast from Bristol. Both services have newsrooms in Exeter. The St Thomas and Stockland Hill transmitting station cover the city, with both transmitters now having completed the digital switchover.
Twin towns.
Exeter is twinned with Rennes in France, Bad Homburg in Germany, Yaroslavl in Russia, and Terracina in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="36614594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614594" title="Gold Creek Ranger Station">
Gold Creek Ranger Station

The Gold Creek Ranger Station is located in Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest in Elko County, Nevada, USA. It was built in 1910 to administer the Ruby Mountains Forest Reserve, which became Humboldt National Forest. The compound was later expanded by labor provided by the Civilian Conservation Corps.
The ranger station comprises nine wood frame buildings that are representative of the Bungalow/Craftsman architectural style employed by the U.S. Forest Service in its administrative facilities from 1910 to 1940. The original ranger station was built in 1910 as a combination residence and office. Supporting structures included a barn, root cellar and privy. The main building was expanded in 1915, when it was functioning as the administrative headquarters for the entire Ruby Mountains reserve. The barn was removed in the 1920s and was eventually replaced by a shed covered with corrugated metal, possibly re-using the barn's timbers. The root cellar was expanded in the 1930s by CCC labor, using faced stone from the nearby Hammond Mine. 
A new barn was built in 1934. The two story wood frame building originally accommodated four horses, but was remodeled in the 1970s to serve as a bunkhouse for Youth Conservation Corps volunteers. A wood frame combination garage and office building conforming to Forest Service Plan 1111 was built in 1933-34 and altered to include office space in 1958 and 1963. In the 1970s it was converted to a kitchen-dining hall for the YCC. In 1938 the CCC built a gas and oil house.
The compound also includes three tourist cabins. Cabin 5 was built to Forest Service Plan 99 at another site and was moved to Gold Creek. It measures . Cabin 8 matches Cabin 5, and was also moved to the site from an unknown location. Cabin 9 was built to Forest Service Plan 21 at another site and was joined to another structure when it was moved to Gold Creek. It measures by .
The Gold Creek Ranger Station was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 15, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="36614605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614605" title="Hoch Fulen">
Hoch Fulen

The Hoch Fulen is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located east of Erstfeld in the canton of Uri. It lies in the group north-west of the Gross Windgällen, between the Reuss valley and the Schächental.

</doc>
<doc id="36614610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614610" title="Ponelat v Schrepfer">
Ponelat v Schrepfer

Ponelat v Schrepfer is an important recent case in South African law, with ramifications particularly in the area of universal partnerships, in which the Supreme Court of Appeal (SCA) dismissed an appeal against an order of the Eastern Circuit Local Division High Court.
Facts.
The court "a quo" had found a tacit universal partnership to have existed between the appellant, Hans Gunter Ponelat, and the respondent, Erica Schrepfer.
From 1989 to 2005, the appellant and the respondent lived together as man and wife, sharing a joint household, first in Benoni and then in Plettenberg Bay. In the course of their relationship, the respondent contributed all she had to the joint household, financially and physically, together with the proceeds of the sale of her assets, her salary, her time, her energy, her labour, her skills and her expertise. The appellant contributed his electrical business, financed the various properties owned by the parties and provided financial security for them. The respondent also assisted with the administration of the appellant's business, and provided for his needs and comfort. After they moved to Plettenburg Bay, the respondent assisted with administration on the farm and in providing accommodation for tourists.
The relationship between the parties came to an end on April 1, 2005, whereafter the respondent moved into a flat of her own. The question before the court on appeal was whether a tacit universal partnership could be inferred from the proven facts.
Judgment.
The SCA held that the nature of the discussions between the parties prior to their cohabitating, and their intent during their years together, indicated that they had the requisite "animus contrahendi" to form a universal partnership. The essentials of a contract of universal partnership had been established:
The SCA accordingly concurred with the trial court's decision that a universal partnership had come into being in March 1989 and was terminated on April 1, 2005.
References.
Cases.
"Ponelat v Schrepfer" 2012 (1) SA 206 (SCA).

</doc>
<doc id="36614611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614611" title="Posttaygetis">
Posttaygetis

Posttaygetis is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36614624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614624" title="Praefaunula">
Praefaunula

Praefaunula is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36614627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614627" title="Exeter (disambiguation)">
Exeter (disambiguation)

Exeter is the county town of Devon. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36614630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614630" title="Valter Ryberg">
Valter Ryberg

Valter Ryberg was a Swedish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="36614636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614636" title="Prenda">
Prenda

Prenda is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36614645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614645" title="Alex Lindén">
Alex Lindén

Alex Lindén was a Swedish footballer who played as a midfielder. He played 16 matches for Malmö FF from 1930 to 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="36614653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614653" title="Luino railway station">
Luino railway station

Luino railway station is a border railway station in Italy. It divides the Swiss network (line to Cadenazzo) with the Italian one (line to Milan and line to Oleggio).
Luino is a frontier station between the Italian network, managed by Rete Ferroviaria Italiana, and the Swiss network, managed by SBB-CFF-FFS.
Services.
Luino is served by the line S30 of the Ticino rapid transit network, operated by TiLo and integrated by the regional trains Luino–Gallarate operated by the lombard railway company Trenord.

</doc>
<doc id="36614656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614656" title="Erik Eckard">
Erik Eckard

Erik Eckard was a Swedish footballer who played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36614657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614657" title="Joseph-Émile Perron">
Joseph-Émile Perron

Joseph-Émile Perron (October 26, 1893 – December 19, 1979) was a Canadian provincial politician. He was the Union Nationale member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Beauce from 1937 to 1939. He was also mayor of East Broughton Station from 1937 to 1939. He served in the Canadian Expeditionary Force during World War I and was awarded the Croix de guerre.

</doc>
<doc id="36614662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614662" title="Pseudeuptychia">
Pseudeuptychia

Pseudeuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36614664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614664" title="Butters v Mncora">
Butters v Mncora

Butters v Mncora is an important recent case in South African law, especially with respect to universal partnerships. An appeal against a decision in the Eastern Cape High Court, Port Elizabeth, by Chetty J, it was heard in the Supreme Court of Appeal by Brand JA, Heher JA, Cachalia JA, Mhlantla JA and Tshiqi JA on March 8, 2012. They delivered judgment on March 28, 2012. JJ Gauntlett SC (with RG Buchanan SC) appeared for the appellant, and A. Beyleveld SC (with NJ Mullins) for the respondent.
The court found that universal partnerships of all property which extend beyond commercial undertakings were part of Roman-Dutch law and still form part of South African law. Where the partnership enterprise extends beyond commercial undertakings, the contribution of both parties need not be confined to a profit-making entity.
The court held also that a universal partnership of all property does not require an express agreement. Like any other contract, it may also come into existence by tacit agreement: that is, by an agreement derived from the conduct of the parties.
The requirements for a universal partnership of all property, including universal partnerships between cohabitees, were found to be the same as those formulated by RJ Pothier, in "A Treatise on the Law of Partnership", for partnerships in general.
Finally, where the conduct of the parties is capable of more than one inference, the test for when a tacit universal partnership may be held to exist is whether it is more probable than not that a tacit agreement had been reached.

</doc>
<doc id="36614665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614665" title="Bälmeten">
Bälmeten

The Bälmeten (2,416 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, overlooking Erstfeld in the canton of Uri. It lies west of the Hoch Fulen, in the group north-west of the Gross Windgällen.

</doc>
<doc id="36614669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614669" title="Hugo Andersson">
Hugo Andersson

Hugo Andersson was a Swedish footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36614672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614672" title="Pseudodebis">
Pseudodebis

Pseudodebis is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36614682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614682" title="Rareuptychia">
Rareuptychia

Rareuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36614690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614690" title="Joe Cootes">
Joe Cootes

Joseph "Joe" George Cootes (born ) was a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#243), and Wellington, as a , or , i.e. number 8 or 10, or, 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
Playing career.
International honours.
Cootes represented New Zealand in 1936 against Great Britain (2 tests), in 1937 against Australia (2 tests), and on tours of Australia (in 1938) and Great Britain (in 1939).

</doc>
<doc id="36614692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614692" title="The Concourse, Chatswood">
The Concourse, Chatswood

The Concourse at Chatswood is a cultural centre in the North Shore suburb of Sydney, which is a 20-minute journey from the Central Business District. In 2007 the City of Willoughby commissioned new designs to replace the old Chatswood Civic Centre at a cost of $115 million. By 2012 the total project cost had reportedly blown out to $300 million. however, the actual construction cost was approximately $162 million to $171 million.
The first Willoughby Town Hall was built on the site in 1903. The hall doubled as the Council Chambers and the site was shared with the Council Pound, the School of Arts and the Ku-ring-gai Masonic Lodge. A three story administration building was also built on the site in 1967 (with a fourth floor added in 1980).
In 1972, the original Town Hall was demolished and replaced by a new Civic Centre, comprising the Town Hall which seated 850 people, and the smaller Bailey Hall, which seated 350. This building played an essential part in Willoughby City’s community and culture for many years. 
The new cultural complex was designed by Francis-Jones Morehen Thorp architects. Following demolition of the old buildings, construction began on The Concourse in July 2008 at a cost of approximately $162 million and was complete in July 2011. The complex was officially opened on 17 September 2011 by the Governor of NSW, Marie Bashir. 
In addition to a 5,000m2 library, The Concourse at Chatswood features a large public open space, a 500-seat theatre, rehearsal spaces, a 1,000-seat concert hall, cafés, retail and commercial outlets, a boutique hotel and a multi-purpose exhibition hall. The Concourse also includes car parking over two entire basement levels and a 5,000m3 storm water detention tank as part of an integrated water management system. 
For the Chatswood Library, where reading light for eyes of all ages was a central issue, lighting specialists Klik Systems were enlisted to design & construct energy-efficient beam luminaires. Klik Systems also contributed lighting to the new Canberra Airport and to the interactive digital art façade called Luminous at Darling Quarter Sydney. The Chatswood library occupies 5,000m2 on the lower ground level, entered via the main podium.
Patrons.
Patrons of The Concourse include leading figures in Australia’s arts industries including soprano Yvonne Kenny, poet Les Murray, authors Matthew Reilly and Renée Goossens and rock icon Angry Anderson AM. 
Reilly, author of the best selling thriller Ice Station said. "For any writer, it all starts at your local library. Chatswood Library on The Concourse offers the next generation of Willoughby-born writers an opportunity to work in a marvellous state-of-the-art facility – right on their own door step."
T.S. Eliot award winning poet Les Murray said "As a supporter and user of the Willoughby Library, I am greatly impressed by the increased size of the new library…private study rooms, meeting rooms, state-of-the-art IT facilities and lovely sunny and shaded spaces for quiet reading… the new library will be a great match for the many enthusiastic visitors it receives."
The library was complete and open in readiness for the National Year of Reading 2012 in Australia.
References.
Time Out
Berkshire Review
Opera Insider

</doc>
<doc id="36614693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614693" title="Tore Söderholm">
Tore Söderholm

Tore Söderholm is a Swedish former footballer who played as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36614696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614696" title="Phomopsis azadirachtae">
Phomopsis azadirachtae

Phomopsis azadirachtae is a fungus, a species of the "Phomopsis" genus. It has been identified as the fungus responsible for dieback in "Azadirachta indica" (Neem) in India. The species was first identified and described by Sateesh et al in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36614706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614706" title="Börje Nilsson">
Börje Nilsson

Börje Nilsson is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36614725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614725" title="Hillend Loch">
Hillend Loch

Hillend Loch is a lake located to the east of Caldercruix in North Lanarkshire, Scotland. It is bordered on its south shore by the A89 road.
History.
Hillend Loch is a naturalised reservoir established between 1797 and 1799 when the North Calder Water was dammed. It was, at the time, the largest man-made reservoir in the world. It still supplies water to the Forth & Clyde Canal and the remains of the Monkland Canal. 
The fishing rights are managed by Airdrie & District Angling Club since 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="36614726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614726" title="Mohammad Mehdi Nazari">
Mohammad Mehdi Nazari

Mohammad Mehdi Nazari (; born March 2, 1990) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Gostaresh in the Iran Pro League on loan from Esteghlal.
Club career.
Nazari has played his entire career with Fajr Sepasi. He joined Esteghlal in summer 2013. In 2014 he signed a one-year loan contract with Gostaresh Foolad.
National Team.
He made his debut under Carlos Queiroz against Saudi Arabia in 2012 WAFF.

</doc>
<doc id="36614727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614727" title="Godfrey Oboabona">
Godfrey Oboabona

Godfrey Itama Oboabona (born 16 August 1990) is a Nigerian international footballer who plays for Turkish club Çaykur Rizespor, as a defender.
Career.
Club career.
Oboabona was born in Akure and began his professional career with local club Sunshine Stars. In August 2013 he was linked with a move to English side Arsenal, but later that month signed a four-year contract with Turkish club Çaykur Rizespor. He described the transfer as a "dream move."
International football.
He made his international debut for Nigeria in 2012, and has appeared in FIFA World Cup qualifying matches. He was called up to Nigeria's 23-man squad for the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations.
He was selected for Nigeria's squad at the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup, and was named in the provisional squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36614728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614728" title="Jörgen Lundgren">
Jörgen Lundgren

Jörgen Lundgren is a Swedish former footballer who played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36614730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614730" title="Satyrotaygetis">
Satyrotaygetis

Satyrotaygetis is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36614744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614744" title="Qargi">
Qargi

Qargi (by the Inupiats), Qasgi or Qasgiq (by the Yup'iks), Qaygiq (by the Cup'iks), Kashim (by the Russians), Kariyit, a traditional large semisubterranean "men's community house" (or "communal men's house, men's house, ceremonial house, council house, dance house, communal gathering place") of the Yup'ik and Inuit, also Deg Hit'an Athabaskans (at Anvik, Alaska), was used for public and ceremonial occasions and as a men’s residence. The Qargi was the place where men built their boats, repaired their equipment, took sweat baths, educated young boys, and hosted community dances. Here people learned their oral history, songs and chants. Young boys and men learned to make tools and weapons while they listened to the traditions of their forefathers.
The qargi was almost always a separate building because the dwellings were not large enough to hold very many men. The qargi was a combination courthouse, church, workshop, dance hall, and received center, two or three times the size of a typical house. It was the place where the storytelling, dancing, singing, and games (high-kick games) that so enriched Yupik and Inuit life took place. Qargi, a communal building in which women were usually not permitted
Prior to the arrival of Christian missionaries in the 1890s, every Inupiaq settlement had one or more of these ceremonial houses.
School.
In many Inupiat communities the traditional meeting house (qargi), was the first institution to vanish as churches and schools became the dominant forces of change. At present, the Inupiat elders have no responsibility for the formal education of the young Inupiat. The western school and Inupiat qargi need not be competitive institutions but should complement each other.
Before 1950 formal education for students in Chevak, Alaska took place in the "Qaygiq", and in the homes of the people. The information taught to students in the Qaygiq included history, values, rules, regulations, and survival methods.

</doc>
<doc id="36614745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614745" title="Taydebis">
Taydebis

Taydebis is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone. It is a monotypic genus that contains only the species T. peculiaris which has a type locality of Brazil
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36614746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614746" title="Young Social Democrats (Czech Republic)">
Young Social Democrats (Czech Republic)

The Young Social Democrats (, MSD) is the youth organisation of the Czech Social Democratic Party (ČSSD) in the Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="36614752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614752" title="Ulf Sivnert">
Ulf Sivnert

Ulf Sivnert is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36614761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614761" title="Taygetina">
Taygetina

Taygetina is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone. The species in "Coeruleotaygetis" have been included in "Taygetina".
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36614772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614772" title="Thomas Weber (footballer)">
Thomas Weber (footballer)

Thomas Weber (born 29 May 1993) is an Austrian footballer who plays for Admira Wacker.
Club statistics.
"Updated to games played as of 16 June 2014."

</doc>
<doc id="36614775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614775" title="Piz Cambrialas">
Piz Cambrialas

Piz Cambrialas (3,208 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, overlooking the Val Russein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
The mountain lies in the range between the Maderanertal and the Val Russein and has two summits of nearly-identical height separated by a ca. 100 m deep saddle. The north summit (3,205 m) is 100 m southeast of the watershed and the border with the canton of Uri. It can be relatively easily ascended over the Ober Hüfifirn glacier.
The 3 m higher south summit can be reached in about an hour over the ridge connecting the summits, via a 6 hour scramble over the south ridge, or via the east ridge with up to UIAA IV+ climbing. The rarely visited true summit reportedly was only reached in 1905, very late for a mountain in the Alps and 39 years after the north summit had been scaled.

</doc>
<doc id="36614780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614780" title="La Danse">
La Danse

La Danse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36614783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614783" title="Sven Winqvist">
Sven Winqvist

Sven Winqvist was a Swedish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="36614786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614786" title="Georges-Octave Poulin">
Georges-Octave Poulin

Georges-Octave Poulin (August 20, 1894 – March 15, 1963) was a Canadian provincial politician. He was the Union Nationale member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Beauce from 1945 to 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="36614793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614793" title="Taygetomorpha">
Taygetomorpha

Taygetomorpha is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36614808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614808" title="Van Eetvelde">
Van Eetvelde

Van Eetvelde may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36614821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614821" title="Azubuike Egwuekwe">
Azubuike Egwuekwe

Azubuike Emanuel Egwuekwe (born 16 July 1989) is a Nigerian international footballer who plays for Warri Wolves, as a defender.
Career.
Egwuekwe has played club football for Nasarawa United, Yerima Strikers and Warri Wolves.
He made his international debut for Nigeria in 2012, and has appeared in FIFA World Cup qualifying matches. He was called up to Nigeria's 23-man squad for the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations.
He was selected for Nigeria's squad at the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup. He was named to Nigeria's squad for the 2014 African Nations Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36614835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614835" title="Van Eldik">
Van Eldik

van Eldik is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36614836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614836" title="Brejana">
Brejana

Brejana () is a village in the municipality of Dzhebel, in Kardzhali Province, in southern-central Bulgaria. It covers an area of 2.035 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 20 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36614857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614857" title="Gege Soriola">
Gege Soriola

Gege Soriola (born 21 November 1988) is a Nigerian international footballer who plays for Free State Stars in the South African Premier Soccer League, as a defender.
Career.
Soriola has played club football for JUTH FC, Bayelsa United, Heartland and Free State Stars.
He made his international debut for Nigeria in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36614875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614875" title="Yphthimoides">
Yphthimoides

Yphthimoides is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36614879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614879" title="Atmel AVR ATtiny comparison chart">
Atmel AVR ATtiny comparison chart

Atmel is a manufacturer of semiconductors, founded in 1984. One of its main products is microcontrollers. The smallest in their AVR family of microcontrollers are the ATtiny series (8-bit core and fewer features, fewer I/O pins, and less memory than other AVR series, all of them are available in through-hole package).
This table sums up the most interesting features of the current line-up of ATtiny microcontrollers, for easy comparison.

</doc>
<doc id="36614886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614886" title="Zofenoprilat">
Zofenoprilat

Zofenoprilat is an angiotensin-inhibitor converting enzyme and is the active free sulfhydryl form of zofenopril.

</doc>
<doc id="36614887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614887" title="Zischkaia">
Zischkaia

Zischkaia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36614891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614891" title="Juwon Oshaniwa">
Juwon Oshaniwa

Juwon Oshaniwa (born 14 September 1990) is a Nigerian international footballer who plays as a left back for Israeli Premier League club F.C. Ashdod and the Nigeria national football team.
Career.
Oshaniwa played club football in Nigeria for Kwara United, Lobi Stars and Sharks.
In September 2012 he signed a four-year deal with F.C. Ashdod.
He made his international debut for Nigeria in 2012, and has appeared in FIFA World Cup qualifying matches. He was called up to Nigeria's 23-man squad for the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations, and was named in the provisional squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36614899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614899" title="Arthur H Steinhaus">
Arthur H Steinhaus

Arthur H Steinhaus (1897–1970) was an expert on the physiology of physical fitness and sport. He received his SB, MS and PhD from the University of Chicago (1919–1928) in Zoology and Physiology and his BPE and MPE from George Williams College, Chicago, USA in Physical Education (1915–1926). George Williams College has subsequently merged with Aurora University.
Career.
For fifty years, 1915–1965, Dr. Steinhaus was associated with George Williams College as a student, teacher, Dean, and finally Dean Emeritus. After his retirement as Dean Emeritus, he was appointed Distinguished Service Professor by the Chicago College of Osteopathy on limited assignment to the Department of Physiology, and then served as a visiting professor at Michigan State University from 1966-1969. He taught in summer and evening sessions at the Universities of California, Colorado, Wisconsin, Saskatchewan, Southern California, and Northwestern. He served appointments as Fulbright Professor to Germany and Japan, did research in Germany and Denmark, and lectured in Europe, Asia, Africa, Australia, New Zealand, and Malaysia.
Recognitions.
In 1944 Steinhaus was on leave to serve as Chief of the Division of Physical Education and Health Activities in the US Office of Education. During the war he was a Civilian Advisor to the US Navy on matters of physical fitness and physical rehabilitation. He conducted research on the physiology of exercise and spent a year in Europe as a Guggenheim Fellow in the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation . He was President of the American Academy of Physical Education from 1943-1945. His writings appeared in purely research journals such as the "American Journal of Physiology", in professional journals such as the "American Journal of Public Health", and in popular magazines such as "Coronet" and "Look".
Research interests.
After 1923, he was interested in research to disclose the effects of habits of living on health and well-being. "Habits of living" include eating, drinking, exercising, fatigue, rest, relaxation, smoking and various emotional states. In later years his interest centered on interrelationship of mind and body with emphasis on mental health and "total fitness." A good deal of his scholarly work was directed toward interpreting the findings of research for the average practitioner in physical education—a kind of "middleman" function. There are occasional internet references to Steinhaus' "Peripheral Heart Action" system of circuit-style training (exact reference lacking). It is also possible that Bob Gajda, a Mr America/Mr Universe title holder in the 1960s used this system of exercise and bodybuilding (citation needed).
Arthur H Steinhaus papers are located in the Special Collections of the University of Tennessee, Knoxville (MS.0914 (more than 30 linear feet) and MS.1127. A well-developed and extensive Finding Aid has been prepared, which includes a biographical summary, quoted above, with permission of J. B. Beals (e-mail April 3, 2012).
An extensive list of Steinhaus' career accomplishments and membership details, as well as awards received and numerous writings, is included in "Contemporary Authors -- Permanent Series", (Gale: Detroit, MI)
Sample Publication.
"Tobacco and Health: Some Facts About Smoking" (New York: Association Press, 1942) "Smoking and Health" Full text available via HathiTrust

</doc>
<doc id="36614903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614903" title="Raoul Loé">
Raoul Loé

Raoul Cédric Loé (born 31 January 1989) is a Cameroonian professional footballer who plays for CA Osasuna in Spain, as a defensive midfielder.
Club career.
Born in Courbevoie, Paris, Loé moved to Spain in 2008 at the age of 19, and joined amateur team Manchego CF. On 14 August 2009 he signed a contract with AD Ceuta in the third division, after impressing in a trial; he played 35 games in his first year, and appeared in both round-of-32 legs against FC Barcelona in the following season's Copa del Rey.
In the 2011 off-season Loé moved to CA Osasuna, being assigned to the B team, also in the third level. He was first summoned to a La Liga match on 21 December 2011, but remained on the bench against UD Almería.
On 12 January 2012 Loé made his official debut for the Navarrese, against Barcelona in the campaign's domestic cup (1–2 home loss, 1–6 on aggregate). On 3 March he played his first league game, appearing the full 90 minutes in a 1–1 draw at RCD Mallorca.
International career.
On 1 June 2013 Loé was called up by Cameroon for the first time, for a friendly with Ukraine. He made his debut in the following day, starting in a 0–0 draw at Olimpiyskiy.

</doc>
<doc id="36614915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614915" title="Raheem Lawal">
Raheem Lawal

Raheem Adewole Lawal (born 4 May 1990) is a Nigerian international footballer who plays professionally for Turkish club Eskişehirspor, as a midfielder.
Career.
Lawal has played club football in Spain and Turkey for Atlético Baleares, Adana Demirspor and Mersin İdmanyurdu. On 3 February 2014, Lawal joined Turkish Süper Lig side Eskişehirspor, signing a three-and-a-half year deal.
He made his international debut for Nigeria in 2012, and has appeared in FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.

</doc>
<doc id="36614926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614926" title="The Story of Billy">
The Story of Billy

The Story of Billy () is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Wilber Pan's () ninth studio album. It was released by Universal Music Taiwan on 31 August 2012. The pre-ordering of the album began on 10 August 2012 in Taiwan and included a limited edition Rubik's Cube with each pre-order purchase. The album marked the comeback of Pan to the music scene, 19 months after the release of "808" in January 2011.
A second edition, "The Story of Billy (Flagship Edition)" (CD+DVD) (24個比利 冠軍旗艦影音版) was released on 9 October 2012, which contains a remix version of "The Story of Billy (24個比利)" and a bonus DVD with six music videos. The version released in Taiwan included an entry pass to "Will Pan Absolutely Yours Celebration Concert" (潘瑋柏「專屬於你」慶功演唱會) held on 13 October at Neo19 in Taipei.
The album's title was inspired by "The Minds of Billy Milligan", a biographical novel written by Daniel Keyes about the true account of multiple personality serial criminal Billy Milligan. It is a breakthrough for Pan as a songwriter with contribution of six songs on the album, including the title track "The Story of Billy (24個比利)".
MV and promotion.
The two lead singles of the album "Baby Tonight" and "Don't Wanna Wake Up" were both released on 24 July 2012. "Baby Tonight" is written and composed by Pan himself, "Don't Wanna Wake Up" is the Mandarin version of "Baby Tonight" and the lyrics is penned by Taiwan lyricist Yao Ruo Long. On 25 July 2012, the music videos of "Baby Tonight" and "Don't Wanna Wake Up" were released on Pan's official YouTube video channel.
After the debut of two teasers, the official music video of the title track "The Story of Billy" directed by Korean music video director Hong Wonki (ZANYBROS) and MV concept contributed by Will himself, was released on 7 August 2012, a day earlier than the initial date announced. The move was due to the music video being leaked on video sharing sites by unknown sources and Will expressed his disappointment on the incident at his official Facebook page.
On 22 August 2012, the dance version music video of "The Story of Billy" was released, after the initial version garnered more than 530,000 hits on Will Pan's official YouTube channel as of 21 August.
A press conference was held on 28 August to launch the album. Will played his new single "Forgetting The Hug" on piano and also performed "The Story of Billy". The music video of "Extravagant March" starring Taiwanese singer Jeremy Ji, was released on the same day, and the main theme of the music video was inspired by the love story of Will's parents.
In conjunction with the album promotion, Will became the first Chinese celebrity to broadcast his life snippets publicly on 24-hour Google+ Hangouts On-Air from 28 August to 29 August. The highlights of the Google+ Hangouts were later uploaded onto Will's official YouTube channel for viewing.
The music video of "Forgetting The Hug" starring Tiffany Hsu, premiered at MTV Taiwan and Pan's YouTube channel on 13 September. On 3 October 2012, a music video for the mid-tempo R&B song "Absolutely Yours" was released on his YouTube channel and Channel V. The song is an insert song for drama series "Dong Men Si Shao" (東門四少) and the music video featured Taiwanese model-singer Cai Huang Ru (Dou Hua Mei).
The second edition of "The Story of Billy" was released on 9 October which contains a remix version of "The Story of Billy" (24個比利) and a bonus DVD with six music videos. Will held a celebration concert on 13 October at Neo19 in Taipei which was broadcast live on his YouTube channel. He performed all the songs from "The Story of Billy" including a piano rendition of "24個比利 (The Story of Billy)" and a medley of his popular songs from previous albums. Singer-actress Cyndi Wang made a guest appearance at the concert and shared a dance with Pan during the song "華麗進行曲 (Extravagant March)".
The music video of the track "What Can I Do" premiered at QQ.com on 12 October and was released on Pan's YouTube channel on 13 October.
On 29 October, an excerpt from Will's Taipei celebration concert was released as the music video of "釋放自己 (Release Yourself)" on his YouTube Channel, and the electro hip-hop tune is the theme song of his third concert tour which kicked off in November 2012.
Reception.
The album debuted at number one on Taiwan's G-Music Weekly Top 20 Mandarin and Combo Charts at week 35; and Five Music Chart at week 36 with a percentage sales of 43.56%, 30.07%, and 16.68% respectively. According to Universal Music Taiwan, the album achieved 30,000 pre-orders, and the first batch of 40,000 copies were all sold out within a day of its release in Taiwan.
The title track "The Story of Billy (24個比利)" debuted at number one on MTV Taiwan Mandarin Chart and Taiwan Hito Mandarin Chart for the week of 25 August to 31 August 2012, and 27 August to 2 September 2012 respectively. The song stayed at number one for two weeks on MTV Taiwan Mandarin Chart.
The lead single "Don't Wanna Wake Up (不想醒來)" debuted at the ninth position on the 623rd edition of Global Chinese Music Chart (全球華語歌曲排行榜) and topped the chart for one week on the 625th edition. The song debuted at number eight on the 137th edition of Global Chinese Golden Chart (全球流行音樂金榜) and reached its highest position at number three on the 140th and 141st editions of the chart.
The third single "Extravagant March (華麗進行曲)" was at number one position for two weeks on MTV Taiwan Mandarin Chart. The song also topped Taiwan UFO Network Radio Chart (幽浮勁碟排行榜) on the 662nd week.
The ballad "Forgetting The Hug (忘記擁抱)" was the number one song for the 663rd week of Taiwan UFO Network Radio Chart and number one for two weeks on Taiwan Hito Mandarin Chart.
The album is listed as the 8th best selling album on Taiwan's G-Music chart in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36614930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614930" title="Bian Zhang">
Bian Zhang

Bian Zhang (originally named Bian Yun ) was a minister of the Han Dynasty as the Magistrate of Xin'an.
In AD 185, Beigong Boyu of the Qiang tribe rebelled in the Liang province. Beigong Boyu took Bian Zhang and Han Sui, another minister, hostage and stopped all attempts to return them. Bian Zhang was forced to participate in the rebellion or else he would be killed. He became the overall commander of the rebels, but was defeated in battle with Dong Zhuo and Sun Jian and died shortly after.

</doc>
<doc id="36614932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614932" title="Federispitz">
Federispitz

The Federispitz (1,865 m) is a mountain of the Appenzell Alps, overlooking the Walensee in the canton of St. Gallen. It lies south of the Speer.

</doc>
<doc id="36614935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614935" title="Henry Uche">
Henry Uche

Henry Iffanyi Uche (born 18 August 1990) is a Nigerian international footballer who plays for Albanian club FK Kukësi, as a midfielder.
Career.
Club career.
After playing in Nigeria with Shooting Stars and Enyimba, Uche moved to Albanian club FK Kukësi in January 2014.
International career.
He made his international= debut for Nigeria in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36614951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614951" title="Obinna Nwachukwu">
Obinna Nwachukwu

Obinna Nwachukwu (born 18 January 1992) is a Nigerian international footballer who plays for Heartland, as a midfielder.
Career.
Nwachukwu has played club football for Heartland.
He made his international debut for Nigeria in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36614958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614958" title="Roberto Torres Morales">
Roberto Torres Morales

Roberto Torres Morales (born 7 March 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CA Osasuna as a midfielder.
Football career.
Born in Pamplona, Navarre, Torres began his career with hometown club CA Osasuna. He spent five full seasons with the B-side in the third division, scoring a career-best 16 goals in 35 games in the 2011–12 campaign.
On 11 December 2011 Torres made his first-team and La Liga debut, coming off the bench for Lolo for the last 20 minutes of a 1–1 away draw against Málaga CF. On 9 August of the following year, he was definitely promoted to the main squad.
Despite appearing sparingly during 2012–13, Torres was handed his first start on 1 June 2013, and netted his team's first in a 2–4 loss at Real Madrid. In the following season he featured more regularly and scored five times, but suffered relegation.

</doc>
<doc id="36614964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614964" title="List of cases of police brutality in Pakistan">
List of cases of police brutality in Pakistan

This is a list of notable cases of police brutality in Pakistan. 

</doc>
<doc id="36614967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614967" title="The Christmas Collection">
The Christmas Collection

The Christmas Collection may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36614971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614971" title="Scottish Council for Voluntary Organisations">
Scottish Council for Voluntary Organisations

The Scottish Council for Voluntary Organisations (SCVO) is the national body for Scotland’s charities, voluntary organisations and social enterprises.
SCVO works to support people to take voluntary action to help themselves and others, and to bring about social change.
It provides services and support to the third sector in Scotland to advance shared values and interests.
SCVO has approximately 1400 members, ranging from individuals and grassroots groups, to Scotland-wide organisations and intermediary bodies.
The organisation employs approximately 100 staff.
Aims.
SCVO’s aims are to:
- support third sector organisations to do their work
- promote and support shared interests of third sector organisations
- connect people with ways to get involved with their communities
- as an organisation continually learn, develop and enhance its own effectiveness.
SCVO is governed by a Management Board with representatives elected from its Policy Committee. 
Martin Sime has been chief executive since 1991. Alison Elliot became convener in 2007. Shulah Allan is the current convener as from November 2013.
History.
Established on 1 October 1943, SCVO was originally known as the Scottish Council of Social Service (SCSS). During its first years much of the Council’s work was dictated by wartime need and its immediate aftermath. 
In 1983 the Council’s name was changed to the Scottish Council for Community and Voluntary Organisations with the working title of Voluntary Action for Scotland. In 1986 the name Scottish Council for Voluntary Organisations was adopted.
SCVO hosted the 6th, 7th and 8th CIVICUS World Assemblies in 2006, 2007 and 2008.
Current work.
SCVO supports the third sector in Scotland in a variety of ways, including
Sister Councils.
The equivalent infrastructure bodies for voluntary organisations in the other UK countries are:

</doc>
<doc id="36614976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614976" title="Ron Westerby">
Ron Westerby

Ronald "Ron" Eric Leslie Westerby (24 October 1920 – 3 July 1997) was a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer of the 1940s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#322), and Wellington, as a , i.e. number 8 or 10, during the era of contested scrums.
Playing career.
International honours.
Westerby represented New Zealand in 1949 against Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36614981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36614981" title="Ejike Uzoenyi">
Ejike Uzoenyi

Christantus Ejike Uzoenyi (born 23 March 1988) is a Nigerian international footballer who plays for Enugu Rangers, on loan from Mamelodi Sundowns, as a winger.
Career.
Club career.
Uzoenyi has played club football in Nigeria and France for Enyimba, Enugu Rangers and Rennes. On 20 February 2014, he signed for South African club Mamelodi Sundowns; he will remain with Enugu Rangers on loan before moving to South Africa in June 2014.
International career.
He made his international debut for Nigeria in 2012, and has appeared in FIFA World Cup qualifying matches. He was called up to Nigeria's 23-man squad for the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations. He was named to Nigeria's squad for the 2014 African Nations Championship and was selected the most valuable player of the tournament. He was also named in the provisional squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup, making the final squad after Uwa Echiejile was excluded by injury.

</doc>
<doc id="36615007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615007" title="Shoula Romano Horing">
Shoula Romano Horing

Shoula Romano Horing (born July 22, 1959) is an attorney, opinion columnist, radio talk show host, law professor, and national public speaker. Born and raised in Israel, she has lived in the United States since 1980 and in Kansas City since 1982. She frequently writes columns for the online Israeli newspaper Ynetnews and other Jewish newspapers. She writes exclusively about Israel, and what she believes to be the threats to its security and survival.
Biography.
Horing was born and raised in Tel Aviv, Israel on July 22, 1959. She is the daughter of Abraham and Zipora Romano. Her father Abraham Romano was born in Damascus, Syria, and grew up in Beirut, Lebanon in the Jewish quarter under the French Mandate. Her mother Zipora Ben Yefe was from a Yemenite Jewish family that left Ta'izz, Yemen, in 1920 due to a famine and fled to Ethiopia. Zipora was born in Dire Dawa, Ethiopia, in 1927. The family left Ethiopia in 1936, when Italy conquered Ethiopia and moved to British controlled Mandatory Palestine.
As a child, her parents took her to political rallies for then Herut leader, Menachem Begin. She lived through the Six-Day War of 1967 and the Yom Kippur War of 1973 and the terrorist attacks by the PLO and its chairman Yasser Arafat. When she was 20, she was elected to be a delegate to a Likud (Conservative) party convention. She delivered a speech imploring Begin, then Prime Minister, not to give away West Bank territory won by Israel in the Six Day War, or to recognize for the first time the local Arabs in the West Bank as Palestinians. She also criticized the Camp David Accords, the peace treaty Menachem Begin signed with Anwar Sadat of Egypt.
A year later, she was still giving speeches and rededicating many new Jewish settlements in the West Bank, when party members asked if she would consider going into politics full-time. Her mother who encouraged her to speak out suggested she take a break before making a decision. After she received her BA in Political Science from Tel Aviv University in 1981, where she was a representative of the university student's union and the national student union, Horing traveled to the United States to visit her sister, then living in Wilmington, Delaware. She planned to stay only three months but within weeks she met Michael Horing, a New Yorker who was graduating from law school. They were engaged in three weeks and married eight months later.
Early life in the United States.
Horing never returned to Israel to live but she has annually visited Israel to see her parents and her 5 siblings and participated in many political campaigns of the Likud party in Israel. After moving to Kansas City, Horing earned both a Master's in Business Administration and Law Degree from the University of Missouri–Kansas City with honors. Along the way she flew back to Israel to give birth to her daughter and son, Aurell and Ariel, now ages 26 and 24.
In 1993, after witnessing the signing ceremony of the Oslo Agreement at the White House on September 13, between Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Yasser Arafat, Horing became an outspoken critic of the agreement, the PLO, and its leader Yasser Arafat, whom she called the "most notorious terrorist in recent times".
Political activism.
She began to write her views in the "Kansas City Jewish Chronicle" to express her dissatisfaction with the peace process between Israel and the PLO, and also did so as on local American Cable vision talk shows, and public speaking engagements. On November 4 1995 she was in Tel Aviv when Israel's Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin was assassinated. Horing had arrived in Israel two days before to attend to her mother, who had suffered a stroke. The peace rally that Rabin was attending when he was shot was next to Ichilov Hospital, where Horing's mother, Zipora, was a patient. It was in Ichilov that Rabin died.
For ten years from 1997–2007, Horing was the host of a weekly radio show called "Oh Jerusalem" which aired on KCXL in Kansas City, Missouri. She donated her time to the program, which featured taped interviews with politicians and other leaders in the United States and Israel. On her show, she discussed issues concerning Israel and the Middle East. She has interviewed Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Yitzhak Shamir, Ehud Olmert, as well as Mohammed Bassiouni, former Egyptian Ambassador to Israel, and Walter Rodgers, ex-CNN Bureau Chief Correspondent in Jerusalem.
Since 1994, Horing has written articles concerning Israel and the Middle East for the "Kansas City Star", "The Jewish Press", The "National Liberty Journal", "Christians for Israel" Journal, CAMERA, and other Jewish Journals.
Since September 18, 2001, one week after the September 11 attacks in the United States, Horing has been a national speaker for the United Jewish Communities and has spoken in over 100 Jewish communities in the US and Canada, educating and raising funds and donation for local Jewish federations and the Israeli Emergency Fund Campaign. She has been a key note speaker at many rallies for Israel outlining the concessions offered by Israel to the Palestinians and their rejection by Arafat.
Since 2005, she has been a national speaker for the Jewish National Fund speaking about Israel and the "Negev Blueprint" to irrigate the desert. In addition, she has been raising funds to send to JNF's summer camps for Israeli children from northern Israel and Sderot who live under the threat of rockets fired by Hamas and Hezbollah.
In 2009, Horing traveled to Israel to campaign and vote for the election of the Likud candidate for Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu. In 2010, she started writing her opinions on the Ynetnews website criticizing positions held by President Barack Obama on Israel.
Foreign policy writing.
Horing has criticized the Israeli withdrawal from Lebanon and Gaza. She has been written in her articles and speeches about what she regards as the dangerous buildup of the Hezbollah and Hamas infrastructure and their missile arsenals in southern Lebanon and Gaza. She has also written about what she asserts to be dangers arising from the Arab Spring, the Muslim Brotherhood and other Islamist groups in Egypt, Syria, and Jordan.
She has argued that Iran should be prevented from developing weapons of mass destruction, and advocates a policy of containment of the Iranian nuclear program.
Horing believes that the strategic objective of Israel should be to strengthen its military power, and reject what she asserts to be "delusional" peace agreements, and argues that these would compromise Israel's strategic territorial assets. She believes that peace is not possible between Israel and the Arab Palestinians until the next generation of Palestinians replace the current one, who she argues are "brain washed with hatred to Jews and the State of Israel and the glorification of death and martyrdom".
At present.
Horing has been teaching Business Law, Constitutional Law, Contracts Law, International Law, and Employment Law to MBA and undergraduate students at Baker University and Webster University.

</doc>
<doc id="36615011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615011" title="Alexander Peskanov">
Alexander Peskanov

Alexander Peskanov is an American/Russian concert pianist and a composer.
Life.
Alexander Peskanov went to the Stoliarsky School of Music in Odessa, Ukraine. He emigrated to the United States from the U.S.S.R. in 1973, and attended the Juilliard School of Music. His soloist career debut was with Mstislav Rostropovich and the National Symphony. He has also appeared with the London Symphony Orchestra, the English Chamber Orchestra, the Hong Kong Philharmonic, and collaborated with cellist Yo-Yo Ma. Alexander founded the Piano Olympics in 1991, and also started the International Piano Exchange in order to teach students and teachers Russian piano techniques. He has also produced the movie soundtrack of He Knows You're Alone with his brother, Mark Peskanov.

</doc>
<doc id="36615015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615015" title="Fabien Poulin">
Fabien Poulin

Fabien Poulin (January 3, 1928 – March 7, 2005) was a Canadian provincial politician and physician. He was the Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Beauce from 1960 to 1962. He was also mayor of Lac-Poulin, Quebec from 1963 to 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="36615016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615016" title="Mattstock">
Mattstock

The Mattstock (also known as "Mattstogg") (1,936 m) is a mountain of the Appenzell Alps, overlooking the Walensee in the canton of St. Gallen. It lies south of the Speer, on the range between the Toggenburg and the Linth valley.

</doc>
<doc id="36615048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615048" title="Anne Schellekens">
Anne Schellekens

Anne Schellekens (April 18, 1986, Rotterdam) is a Dutch female rower. 
She won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36615049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615049" title="Jacobine Veenhoven">
Jacobine Veenhoven

Jacobine Veenhoven (born January 30, 1984, Laren) is a Dutch female rower. She won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36615072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615072" title="Bethel (CDP), Vermont">
Bethel (CDP), Vermont

Bethel is a census-designated place (CDP) that comprises the central village of the town of Bethel, Windsor County, Vermont, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population of the CDP was 569, compared to 2,030 for the entire town of Bethel.
Geography.
Bethel is located along the Third Branch of the White River, at its confluence with the White River. Vermont Routes 12 and 107 diverge at the village, with Route 12 heading north up the Third Branch valley towards Randolph and Route 107 heading southwest up the White River valley towards Stockbridge. The two routes travel east in a concurrency down the White River valley into Royalton.

</doc>
<doc id="36615077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615077" title="List of programs broadcast by SBT">
List of programs broadcast by SBT

This is a list of programs broadcast by Sistema Brasileiro de Televisão (SBT), a Brazilian television network. Bolds indicates reruns of programs.

</doc>
<doc id="36615084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615084" title="Brian McGuinness">
Brian McGuinness

Brian McGuinness (born Bernard Francis McGuinness, 22 October 1927, in Wrexham, United Kingdom) is an eminent British philosopher.
Formerly a pupil of RM Hare, McGuinness has become a noted expert in the works of Ludwig Wittgenstein. McGuinness was a Fellow and Tutor at Queen's College in Oxford University from 1953 to 1988, and took a post at the Netherlands Institute for Advanced Study. Since 1990, he is a professor at the University of Siena, Italy. From 1990 to 1993, he was director of the faculty of philosophy and social sciences of this university.

</doc>
<doc id="36615087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615087" title="Sci Academy">
Sci Academy

Sci Academy, formerly known as New Orleans Charter Science and Math Academy, is a charter school in Eastern New Orleans, Louisiana. The Recovery School District oversees the school. Wendy Kopp of "The Atlantic" said that, at the school, there is "required rigorous coursework, an intense culture of character-building, and an all-out effort by teachers[...]" The school is part of the Collegiate Academies network.
History.
The school opened in the 2008-2009 school year at grade nine. As of March 2008 the school's location had not yet been decided, but possible locations were East New Orleans and Gentilly. It was modeled after the New Orleans Charter Science and Math High School (SciHigh). Most New Orleans area charter schools which were opening at the time started with students younger than high school age, and then added grades as the students advanced and grew older. Ben Marcovitz, then 28 years old, founded the school. Marcovitz, a graduate of Yale University, had previously taught at Sci High. He also previously taught at Saint Mary's Academy.
In September 2010 Oprah Winfrey presented a $1 million check from the Oprah's Angel Network to the school principal, Ben Marcovitz. Sci Academy was one of six schools to receive $1 million checks from Oprah on that occasion. In October 2010, parents of children with disabilities filed a lawsuit against the school, saying that the school disciminated against students with disabilities, with the Southern Poverty Law Center representing the families. Students protested discipline policies at the school in November, 2013. 
Management.
The school uses long school days, analyzes individual test results carefully, and splits students into groups of ability within each classroom. Cindy Chang of the "Times Picayune" said that these methods are "not uncommon elsewhere." The school gives constant boosts of self-esteem to students in order to replicate boosts of self-esteem that wealthier children get in their houses, and it also gives individual attention to students; Chang said that these methods "sethe school apart". Chang said that the school "dole[s out liberally" positive reinforcement for academic achievement and also "qualities like helping others," and that the praise, given on a daily basis from teachers, and the "celebration" assembly, held every week, "convince students that they can be the first in their families to go to college, if only they work hard."
The school uses specialized vocabulary, referring to all students as "scholars" and teachers ask students to "spark," or to visibly show enthusiasm and energy, and to "track," or look at a person who is speaking. The school hosts weekly seminars on the importance of using formal speech and what clothes one should wear to a job interview. Chang says that the school also discusses plans to attend universities in an "unrelenting" manner. The school assigns individual groups of students to a faculty member for all four years as part of its "advisory" system. Chang said that the system "ensures that each child has a surrogate parent at the school and helps to inculcate the values and behavioral norms associated with the college-bound upper middle class."
Marcovitz said that the most successful teachers, during their first years, work 12 hours per day, for six hours per week. The school pays its teachers 20% higher than the average pay in the Recovery School District, partly due to the long working hours. Staff meetings occur at the beginning of every school day. Chang says "Teachers and administrators gather in a circle, slapping their thighs in an insistent rhythm that will form the backdrop of a praise session worthy of a religious revival." Teachers publicly post their telephone numbers in their classrooms, and they take telephone calls from students until 9:30 PM at night.
Curriculum.
Originally the school used a standard curriculum for a 9th grade level in American schools. It later concluded that its students needed to develop additional reading skills, so it added a literacy program, and according to principal Ben Marcovitz, the curriculum "basically changed over a weekend." The school stopped assigning students to read novels such as "Lord of the Flies", and began extra grammar and writing classes. The school offered courses in fluency and phonics.
Admissions.
The school has an open admission system. In 2010, despite an increase in the school's reputation, it had not experienced having a waiting list or finding an increase in academic ability in incoming freshmen. As of early November 2010, the school had remaining openings for ninth grade students. Cindy Chang of the "Times Picayune" said "Administrators quickly refute the notion that they are "creaming" the top students and denying admission to others" and that the school says that it takes "anyone who comes through the door [...] including special-needs students".
Teacher hiring and recruitment.
Marcovitz individually selects teachers by traveling to their home states, observing them teaching class lessons and giving them suggestions on how to improve. One week later, he travels back to the prospective teachers and observes them teaching to see if they have incorporated his suggestions. The recruitment process can take up to six to eight weeks.
Campus.
As of November 2010 the school is located in modular buildings on the former Abramson High School campus on Read Avenue, in New Orleans East. During that year, Cindy Chang of the "Times Picayune" said that the school hallway coverings are "makeshift." As of 2010, when a strong rain occurs, the hallway coverings cannot prevent flooding and classes are delayed. The Abramson campus property is adjacent to the campus of the Sarah T. Reed Elementary School.
In the northern hemisphere summer of 2010 the school moved from a set of modular buildings on Dwyer Road. As of 2010 the school is planning to move into a permanent campus, being built with $1.8 million of Federal Emergency Management Agency funds that had been awarded to the New Orleans school system.
Student body.
As of November 2010, the school had 225 students in the ninth, tenth, and eleventh grades. As of 2010, the majority of students are from Eastern New Orleans and Gentilly. The school has students from other areas in New Orleans. Residents of New Orleans, post-Hurricane Katrina, can choose schools regardless of where they live in the city.
As of September 2010, about 85% of the students were eligible for free or reduced price lunches. As of November 2010 almost 90% of students were eligible. During the same period, special needs students made up 15-20% of the students at Sci Academy, while the New Orleans public school average was 12%.
Incoming freshmen.
In November 2010, Cindy Chang of the "Times Picayune" said "As a rule, students do not enter Sci Academy any better-prepared than their counterparts at Carver, Clark, Cohen, John McDonogh or Sarah T. Reed. Most are tragically behind, with years of catching up to do in the 20-month span before they sit for the GEE." As of the same year, the incoming freshmen came to school with even fewer academic skills than the school's first class of incoming freshmen. 41% of incoming freshmen, a plurality, had the reading levels of fourth grade or below, and 9% had first grade reading levels. 41% had reading levels from the fifth grade to the eighth grade levels, and 8% of students read at grade level or above. Chang added that "Students bring with them the same set of social ills -- single-parent homes, violence-plagued neighborhoods, poverty-related health problems -- found at other urban high schools."
Teacher demographics.
As of 2010, most teachers are young White Americans who are not from Louisiana. As of 2010, most teachers are in their 20s or their early 30s and many had served in Teach for America, and many had graduated from prestigious universities such as Harvard University, University of California Berkeley, and Yale University.
Student culture.
Cindy Chang of the "Times Picayune" said that "teenagers sit bolt upright in their seats -- no surreptitious napping here -- and getting good grades is considered cool." According to Macovitz, as paraphrased by Chang, fights become more infrequent "once the faculty convinces new students that they are safe at school and do not need to prove their toughness."
Student performance.
In 2008-2009 the average 9th grader had a 4th grade reading level. Average reading levels improved by 3.5 grades in the span of less than one year. At that point, the school's scores ranked as the third best in New Orleans and the best in the Recovery School District for Louisiana state English language arts examinations. Between 2009 and 2010 the School Performance Score increased by 7.6 points. In the 2009-2010 school year the school had the highest Graduate Exit Exam (GEE) scores in the RSD and the third highest in the city; two academically selective schools, Benjamin Franklin High School and Lusher Charter School, received higher GEE scores. 80% of the Sci Academy students received "basic" or higher in the English language arts section. 88% scored "basic" or higher in mathematics. 43% achieved "advanced" or "mastery" in mathematics. 19% of the students each at Walter L. Cohen High School and John McDonogh Senior High School received "basic" or higher in the English language arts section.. In 2010 Sci Academy was the highest performing non-selective public high school in New Orleans.
Student uniforms.
The school has school uniforms consisting of polo shirts and khaki pants.
Extracurricular activities.
Chang said "As with many fledgling charter schools, extracurricular activities are being added gradually." The American football team was scheduled to begin playing its first games in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36615094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615094" title="Morrisville Yard">
Morrisville Yard

Morrisville Yard is a rail yard used by New Jersey Transit rail operations for trains on its Northeast Corridor Line. It is located about two miles west of the New Jersey state capital, Trenton, in Morrisville, Pennsylvania, and is accessible via the Morrisville-Trenton Railroad Bridge on the Delaware River. Conrail maintains a classification yard at its western end.
The Morrisville Yard was originally a freight yard for the Pennsylvania Railroad, and later Penn Central. New Jersey Transit (NJT) took over partial control of the site and commissioned STV to expand and modernize it in phases. The facility is equipped with repair and maintenance shops, train washing facilities, communications offices, and crew quarters,
In 2004, NJT opened a new facility at the site to replace the haphazard collection of storage tracks around the Trenton Station complex known as the Barracks Yard. Another expansion of the yard was opened in 2008. This not only increased the absolute number of trains that could be stored at the end of the line, but also reduced the number of relay movements needed to position trains in at the correct platform at the Trenton Transit Center. Capacity was also increased by a flying junction so that trains no longer needed to cross all 4 mainline tracks to access their storage tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="36615097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615097" title="Theo Fennell">
Theo Fennell

Theo Fennell is a British jewellery designer.
Personal life.
Theo Fennell's full name is Alister Theodore Fennell. He lives in London with his wife Louise ("née" MacGregor), an author. The son of an army family, he travelled all over the world as a child. He was educated at Eton College, and then went to art school at York and later to the Byam Shaw School of Art in London.
The couple have two daughters, Emerald, a writer and actor, and Coco, a clothing/fashion designer.
Career.
Fennell's first job was as an apprentice and designer at Edward Barnard, a family-run silversmiths in Hatton Garden, London, then 350 years old, and he has spent time in a workshop most days of his life since then. He went solo in a small studio of his own in Hatton Garden, designing and creating silverware and then jewellery, before founding his eponymous company in Fulham Road, London, in 1982.
In 2006, Theo Fennell Plc stock was listed on Alternative Investment Market. By August 2013 the share price stood at less than 10% of the high it had reached in early 2007. The company has been loss-making for several years. In 2009, in an effort to stem continuing losses, a management shake-up saw Fennell rejoin the Board, having previously stood down in order to allow free rein to a new management team. On 25 August, the company announced that as a result of a proposed refinancing, and acquisition of shares by private equity investors, it would cease its AIM listing in October 2013, subject to the necessary approvals.
Theo Fennell creates bespoke trophies and gifts for companies, charities and events such as The Italian Formula One Grand Prix, The Monaco Formula One Grand Prix, The Dubai Championship Stakes, the Man of the Match Trophy for the FA Cup Final and the Nordorff Robbins Silver Clef Awards. As a liveryman of Worshipful Company of Goldsmiths, Fennell currently has apprentices training in his workshop.
Theo Fennell’s pieces are now in private collections.
Events and Activities.
In 2007 Theo Fennell held an exhibition at Royal Academy of Art, Burlington Gardens. 
Entitled ‘Show Off!’ it consisted of an array of installations, dioramas, paintings, presentations and sculptures, each showcasing a piece of Fennell’s jewellery.
In 2008 Theo Fennell founded The Original Design Partnership, a design consultancy, specialising in jewellery, silver and curios while also working in other design fields. In this environment Fennell has been able to work with and mentor young British designers.
In October 2010, Theo Fennell launched his first range of Silver Jewellery, ALIAS. The collection was designed to be accessible for a wider audience while maintaining originality of design and quality of craftsmanship.

</doc>
<doc id="36615107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615107" title="Kungälv school shooting">
Kungälv school shooting

The Kungälv school shooting took place on 4 March 1961 in Kungälvs läroverk, in central Kungälv in Västra Götaland, Sweden. The school is currently known as Thorildskolan.
This was the first reported School shooting in Sweden and one of the earliest in Europe. Seven youngsters were wounded by 15 bullets fired by the perpetrator and one died from his wounds.
The memory of the murdered Per Håkan Altvall is kept alive in Kungälv via a stipend "awarded annually to one or a number of students know for good friendship and social support to students"
Incident and perpetrator.
Around 23.30 on March 4, 1961, a large group of youngsters were dancing in the school gym hall. During the last dance, 17-year-old perpetrator Ove Conry Andersson entered, pulled out a gun and started shooting randomly. The youngsters attempted to hide under chairs and behind a piano, and some girls started to cry.
Seven youngsters were wounded, including the 18 year old Per Håkan Altvall who later died from his wounds. He was hit in the stomach by several bullets. The wounded were first taken to a class room in the school and later to Kungälv hospital.
Kungälv police chased the gunman all night on the road to Ytterby, where it was assumed he had escaped. Kungälv police requested assistance from police in both Ytterby and Gothenburg.
The following morning, March 5, just before 8 AM, the killer showed up at the police station, driven there by an older coworker. A few hours later, the 17 year old gunman had willingly told the police all his details of the incident.
On March 6, all of the school gathered in the gym hall in memory of Per Altvall.
Some bullet holes from this shooting are still visible above the stairs in Thorildskolan.
Conry Andersson committed suicide on 12 August 2008. At the time of his death he resided at 67F Västra Gatan in Kungälv according to Sveriges Dödbok 1901-2009.
Sources.
https://www.flashback.org/t921242p4

</doc>
<doc id="36615109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615109" title="Perseus (missile)">
Perseus (missile)

Perseus or CVS401 Perseus - named after the hero Perseus () from Greek mythology - is a stealth supersonic cruise missile currently under development by MBDA in consultation with the Royal Navy and Marine Nationale. The weapon was first unveiled at the 2011 Paris Air Show. CVS401 Perseus is primarily a surface-launched and submarine-launched supersonic cruise missile built around an advanced, agile and stealthy airframe. It is initially intended to replace the French and British anti-ship missiles currently in service with the Royal Navy and Marine Nationale (Harpoon and Exocet).
With further weapon system integration, Perseus is also expected to eventually replace MBDA's Storm Shadow air-launched land-attack cruise missiles currently in service with the Royal Air Force and French Air Force.
Characteristics.
MBDA describes the missile as a "Unique multi-role, multi-Platform weapon system" to be integrated on all major weapon platforms such as; warships, submarines, aircraft and land-based platforms.
The stealthy Perseus missile is planned to have a range of 300 km reaching speeds of Mach 3. It is powered by a ramjet motor, built around a highly compact Continuous Detonation Wave Engine (CDWE). The missile is 5 metres in length and weighs around 800 kg, with a 200 kg "main" warhead. In addition to the main warhead, Perseus is equipped with 2x 40–50 kg inertially guided effectors from lateral bays which can be released before the missile hits its target. This unique feature allows Perseus to strike either a multitude of targets in the same area, or to strike a singular large target - such as a major warship - in several different areas at once for maximum destruction. "In this case, a linear attack pattern could be selected, munitions striking the forward, centre and aft sections simultaneously. If a unitary blast is required, then the effectors remain on board the parent missile to add their blast effect to the central warhead."
Two types of attack profiles are envisaged: A high-altitude approach, for engaging land based targets and a Sea-skimming low-altitude approach followed by a pop-up maneuver for engaging surface threats like enemy warships. The missiles "skimming the sea at wave top" followed by a pop-up maneuver would only allow an estimated 3 second response time for enemy warships.
The missiles sensor suite includes;
The missile also features a "semi-active laser guidance capability." MBDA believes that this guidance method will remain important for time-sensitive targeting for many years to come. Satellite datalink is to be incorporated for "in-flight re-targeting, using thin-profile, low-observable active antenna arrays."
The missile will be VLS launched and is compatible with the American Mark 41 Vertical Launching System and the French A70 Sylver Vertical Launching System. The missile may eventually equip the Royal Navys future Global Combat Ship.

</doc>
<doc id="36615113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615113" title="Paul-Émile Allard">
Paul-Émile Allard

Paul-Émile Allard (July 15, 1920 – January 6, 1995) was a Canadian provincial politician. He was the Union Nationale member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Beauce from 1962 to 1970. He was the Minister of Natural Resources from 1967 to 1970. He was also mayor of Saint-Joseph-de-Beauce, Quebec from 1959 to 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="36615120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615120" title="Cavendish (CDP), Vermont">
Cavendish (CDP), Vermont

Cavendish is a census-designated place (CDP) that comprises the central village of the town of Cavendish, Windsor County, Vermont, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population of the CDP was 179, compared to 1,367 for the entire town of Cavendish.
Geography.
Cavendish is located along Vermont Route 131 in the Black River valley. Route 131 heads west to Proctorsville, a larger village within the town of Cavendish, then connects with Vermont Route 103 to Ludlow. To the east, Route 131 leads to the village of Ascutney on the Connecticut River.

</doc>
<doc id="36615125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615125" title="United Arab Emirates at the FIFA World Cup">
United Arab Emirates at the FIFA World Cup

The FIFA World Cup, sometimes called the Football World Cup or the Soccer World Cup, but usually referred to simply as the World Cup, is an international association football competition contested by the men's national teams of the members of "Fédération Internationale de Football Association" (FIFA), the sport's global governing body. The championship has been awarded every four years since the first tournament in 1930, except in 1942 and 1946, due to World War II.
The tournament consists of two parts, the qualification phase and the final phase (officially called the "World Cup Finals"). The qualification phase, which currently take place over the three years preceding the Finals, is used to determine which teams qualify for the Finals. The current format of the Finals involves 32 teams competing for the title, at venues within the host nation (or nations) over a period of about a month. The World Cup Finals is the most widely-viewed sporting event in the world, with an estimated 715.1 million people watching the 2006 tournament final.
The UAE have appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on one occasion in 1990 where they lost all three games.
1990 FIFA World Cup.
Head coach: Carlos Alberto Parreira
West Germany vs UAE.
Ismaïl Mubarak got the only goal for the UAE in the first minute of the second half when he latched onto a ball in the box after a mistake by a German defender and hit a low left footed shot into the net.
Yugoslavia vs UAE.
Thani Jumaa got the only goal for the UAE in the 22nd minute when he headed home from six yards after a cross from the left.

</doc>
<doc id="36615126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615126" title="1982–83 Galatasaray S.K. season">
1982–83 Galatasaray S.K. season

The 1982–83 season was Galatasaray's 79th in existence and the 25th consecutive season in the 1. Lig. This article shows statistics of the club's players in the season, and also lists all matches that the club have played in the season.
1. Lig.
Matches.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"
Türkiye Kupası.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"
Friendly Matches.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"

</doc>
<doc id="36615130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615130" title="Alibeyli, Erdemli">
Alibeyli, Erdemli

Alibeyli is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the Taurus Mountains where there are spruce forests. The distance to Erdenli is and to Mersin is . The population of the village was 580 as of 2011. The population of Alibeyli is composed of a once-nomadic tribe "Bağdili" (an Oghuz Turk tribe), which settled in 1800 in its present location. The major economic activity is fruit farming; peaches, apples, and cherries are among the main crops of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="36615132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615132" title="Devon Torrence">
Devon Torrence

Devon M. Torrence (born May 8, 1989) is a professional baseball outfielder in the Kansas City Royals organization. He also played American and Canadian football as a cornerback in the National Football League (NFL) and Canadian Football League (CFL). Torrence signed with Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent in 2011. He was also a member of the Cincinnati Bengals, New York Jets and the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League. He played College football at Ohio State. 
Early years.
Torrence attended Canton South High School in Canton, Ohio. Torrence was selected to the first-team all-conference in his last three years of high school. Torrence also played wide receiver, safety and running back during high school.
College career.
Torrence played football at Ohio State. In all 4 years in Ohio State, He finished with 99 tackles, 4 Interceptions, 5 Forced fumbles, One Sack.
In his Senior year, On September 11, 2010, He recorded 8 tackles and One pass deflection against Miami (FL) and Ohio State won 36-24. On September 18, 2010, He recorded 1 tackle and 2 pass deflections against Ohio as Ohio State wins 43-7. On September 25, 2010, He just recorded 2 tackles against Eastern Michigan as Ohio State wins 73-20. On October 2, 2010, He recorded 3 tackles against Illinois and Ohio State wins 24-13. On October 9, 2010, He recorded one tackle, an interception and 2 passes defended against Indiana as Ohio State wins 38-10. On October 16, 2010, He recorded 6 tackles and passes defended against No. 18 ranked Wisconsin but Ohio State loss 31-18.
In his Junior year, On September 5, 2009, He recorded 2 tackles in the season opener against Navy as Ohio State wins 31-27. On September 12, 2009, He recorded 8 tackles and one sack against No. 3 USC but Ohio State loss 18-15. On September 19, 2009, He recorded one tackle against Toledo in a shutout victory 38-0. On September 26, 2009, He recorded 3 tackles against Illinois as Ohio State won the game 30-0. On October 3, 2009, He recorded a tackle and a forced fumble against Indiana as Ohio State wins 33-14.
In his Sophomore year, On October 18, 2008, He recorded one tackle and a forced fumble against Michigan State as Ohio State wins 45-7.
In his Freshman year, On September 8, 2007, He played at Wide receiver in which He had one reception for no yards against Akron as Ohio State wins 20-2.
Baseball career.
Torrence was drafted by the Houston Astros in the 16th round of the 2007 MLB June Amateur Draft. Torrence played two seasons as an Outfielder for the Greeneville Astros a minor league baseball team of the Appalachian League and Rookie-level affiliate of the Houston Astros. In two seasons with the Greenville Astros, He played in 64 games in which he had 5 RBIs, batting average of .150, 7 stolen bases and Slugging percentage of .170. On February 16, 2014, He signed with the Kansas City Royals to a minor league contract. 
Professional career.
Minnesota Vikings.
On July 28, 2011, Torrence signed with Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent. He played all four preseason games and recorded two tackles on defense and two on Special teams. On September 2, 2011, Torrence was waived before the 2011 season.
Cinncianti Bengals.
On December 19, 2011, Torrence signed with the Cincinnati Bengals to the practice squad. On January 2, 2012, he was waived.
New York Jets.
On August 1, 2012 Torrence signed with New York Jets. On August 14, 2012, He was released.
Montreal Alouettes.
On June 14, 2013, He signed with the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League. On June 21, 2013, He was released by the team just before the 2013 CFL season began.

</doc>
<doc id="36615136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615136" title="Juan Flores (1930s footballer)">
Juan Flores (1930s footballer)

Juan Flores was a former professional association footballer from Peru. He played primarily as a forward. During his career, Flores played for Mariscal Sucre FBC and in the 1937 Campeonato Peruano de Fútbol season he finished as the league's top scorer.

</doc>
<doc id="36615147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615147" title="Majid Heidari">
Majid Heidari

Majid Heidari (born July 13, 1982) is an Iranian football player who plays in the defender position. He is currently a member of the Iran's Premier League football club, Saba Qom F.C..
Club career.
Heidari plays for Pas Hamedan from 2009 to 2011. He joined Fajr Sepasi in 2011 but the contract had been terminated by the club because of the problems between Heidari and the club's coach, Mahmoud Yavari. in winter 2012 he joined Saba Qom.
Club Career Statistics.
Last Update 2 August 2012 

</doc>
<doc id="36615151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615151" title="Blind Justice (1986 film)">
Blind Justice (1986 film)

Blind Justice is a drama television film starring Tim Matheson, Mimi Kuzyk and Philip Charles MacKenzie. It was directed by Rod Holcomb and written by Josephine Cummings and Richard Yalem. The film first aired on March 9, 1986 on the Columbia Broadcasting System.
The film is based on a true story.
Background.
The film stars Tim Matheson as Jim Anderson, Mimi Kuzyk as Cathy Anderson and Philip Charles MacKenzie as John Pierson. Others in the film include Lisa Eichhorn as Carolyn Shetland, Tom Atkins as Kramer and John Kellogg as Jim's father.
For years after the film's original broadcast, the film remained on out-of-print VHS only, released in America via Fox Home Entertainment. Another out-of-print version was released in Brazil via Abril Vídeo, whilst a now out-of-print VHS release via CBS/Fox Video Ltd was also released in the UK. In July 2012, the DVD was given a DVD release in America only via CBS Home Entertainment, which is now manufactured on demand using DVD-R recordable media via Amazon.com only.
The film's tagline on the UK VHS release reads ""When the law is out to get you, innocence won't protect you.""
"Blind Justice" was created by the production company Columbia Broadcasting System (CBS).
Plot.
The average world of an average man turns upside down when he is arrested as the prime suspect in a series of rapes and robberies. In a gripping tale, professional photographer Jim Anderson (Tim Matheson) becomes trapped in a web of circumstantial evidence. After a zealous policeman arrests Anderson for indecent exporsure for taking an impromptu leak during his morning run, he is soon fingered by witnesses as the criminal in relation to the rapes and robberies, despite his innocence. For the next 14 months, his life is hell. The case against him is so strong and his resemblance to the criminal is so exact, he begins to question his own innocence. Wrongly-accused and suffering the growing suspicions of his loyal wife (Mimi Kuzyk), Anderson begins to crack under the strain of clearing his name. He is forced to endure the ruthlessness of a police and legal system that becomes convinced that they have the right man. It also examines the personal impact that comes from such an assault. Too much circumstantial evidence surrounds the case, and too much information leaks out to the public; even if Matheson beats the rap, he'll be ruined in his community. Police Officer Kramer (Tom Atkins) is determined to bring him to justice, whilst Carolyn Shetland (Lisa Eichorn) is Anderson's defense attorney.
Critical reception.
Allmovie gave the film three out of five stars, writing ""Blind Justice is a fact-based TV movie starring Tim Matheson, here made to look "normal" with glasses and mustache.""

</doc>
<doc id="36615168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615168" title="Fie Udby Erichsen">
Fie Udby Erichsen

Fie Udby Erichsen (born 23 April 1985 in Hobro) is a Danish rower. She set the indoor rowing world record for female rowers in the under 12 years old category in 1998 with a time of 7:30.3. She won the silver medal in the single sculls at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36615177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615177" title="Hartland (CDP), Vermont">
Hartland (CDP), Vermont

Hartland is a census-designated place (CDP) that comprises the central village of the town of Hartland, Windsor County, Vermont, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population of the CDP was 380, compared to 3,393 for the entire town of Hartland.
Geography.
Hartland is located at the intersection of U.S. Route 5 and Vermont Route 12 in eastern Windsor County. Route 12 travels north to Woodstock, while Route 5 heads north to White River Junction. The two roads travel south in a concurrency to Windsor. Interstate 91 passes east of the village, with access via Exit 9.

</doc>
<doc id="36615181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615181" title="Andonios Liveralis">
Andonios Liveralis

Andonios Liveralis (Greek: Αντώνιος Λιβεράλης or Λιμπεράλης, Italian: "Antonio Liberali"; 1814, Corfu – 1842 Corfu) was a Greek conductor and composer of the early Ionian school. He was the son of Italian conductor Domenico Liveralis and one of Nikolaos Mantzaros' favorite students. He later continued his studies at the Conservatory of San Pietro a Majella in Naples. When he returned to Corfu he was joyfully received into the circle of national composers, where he was considered a musician of great talent. He then began working as assistant to his teacher Mantzaros, who left him very little time for his own compositions. He was among the first teachers of his younger brother Iosif and served as vice director of music to the Philharmonic Society of Corfu. 
Liveralis' compositions are largely limited to minor forms. He wrote a series of fixed funeral marches, which were later published in two volumes. The march "O Kambouris" (Ο Καμπούρης, 'The Hunchback') achieved great popularity in Corfu. He also devoted himself to composing piano music and to the creation of a rich song repertoire. His one-act opera is the only sure finished work for the stage by the composer. He was born a Catholic, but was converted to Greek Orthodox faith and adopted the patriotic name of Eleftheriadis (Greek: Ελευθεριάδης). After his untimely death, he was buried in a magnificent funeral to which the orchestra of the Philharmonic Society of Corfu played.

</doc>
<doc id="36615198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615198" title="Aydınlar, Erdemli">
Aydınlar, Erdemli

Aydınlar (formerly Avgadı) is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated in Taurus Mountains. The distance to Erdenli is and to Mersin is . population of the village was 233 as of 2011. There are cedar and turpentine forests around the village and the former name of the village may refer to game animals ("av" in Turkish means hunt). The major economic activity is agriculture. Apple, cherry and cereals are produced. Animal breeding is another acticity.

</doc>
<doc id="36615208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615208" title="Jack Scarisbrick">
Jack Scarisbrick

Professor John Joseph Scarisbrick (often shortened to J.J. Scarisbrick), was born in 1928 in London. He is a Tudor historian and the founder of British pro-life charity, LIFE.
Scarisbrick was educated at The John Fisher School and later Christ's College, Cambridge, after spending two years in the Royal Air Force. His most critically acclaimed work is "Henry VIII", published in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="36615215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615215" title="Mantelliceras">
Mantelliceras

Mantelliceras is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to the subclass Ammonoidea and family Acanthoceratidae, that lived during the upper Albian stage up to the late Cenomanian stage of the Late Cretaceous.
Description.
"Mantelliceras" is characterized by a strongly ribbed, moderately involute shell with a moderately wide umbilicus, and rounded whorl section. The final whorl leaves inner whorls partly exposed. High standing ribs cross over the venter smoothly. Primary ribs arise from the ubilical wall. Secondaries, usually one per intervening space, arise higher on the flanks. Species of "Mantelliceras" are known to reach a diameter of about 13 centimeters.
Distribution.
Species of "Mantelliceras"' have been found in Cretaceous sediments in Angola, France, Germany, Japan, Mexico, Russia, Spain, the United Kingdom and United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36615217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615217" title="Mohammad Bidarian">
Mohammad Bidarian

Mohammad Bidarian (; born September 9, 1988 in Tehran) is an Iranian Swimmer. He holds Iran's 50 meters freestyle with a time of 23:67 seconds. Bidarian competed in 2012 Summer Olympics – Men's 100 metre freestyle and finished 42nd.

</doc>
<doc id="36615225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615225" title="Rhodesian giraffe">
Rhodesian giraffe

The Rhodesian Giraffe, Giraffa Camelopardalis thornicrofti, is one of nine subspecies of giraffe. It is also known as Thornicroft’s Giraffe and Luangwa Giraffe. It is considered to be geographically isolated, occurring only in Zambia’s South Luangwa Valley. An estimated 1,500 live in the wild, with no captive populations. The lifespan of the Rhodesian giraffe is 22 years for males and 28 years for females.
The species was originally named after Harry Scott Thornicroft, a commissioner in what was then North-Western Rhodesia and later Northern Rhodesia.
Physical Description.
The Rhodesian giraffe is tall with very long necks. They have long, dark-colored tongues and skin-colored horns. Giraffes have a typical coat pattern, with regional differences among subspecies. The pattern consists of large, irregular shaped brown to black patches separated by white to yellow bands. The male giraffes’ coats darken with age, particularly the patches. The darkening of the coat has not been studied extensively enough to indicate absolute age, however it can estimate relative age of male Rhodesian giraffes.
Range, Distribution, and Habitat.
Giraffes occur in arid and dry-savanna zones in sub-Saharan Africa, provided trees are available as a food source (IUCN). The Rhodesian giraffe is endemic to Zambia. Giraffes are herd animals with an extremely flexible social system.
Diet.
Giraffes are exclusively browsers that primarily feed on leaves and shoots of trees and shrubs. Giraffes consume deciduous plants in the wet season and transition to evergreen and semi-evergreen species in the dry season. They choose flowers, fruits, and pods when they are available. They are true ruminants with fore stomach fermentation. Their food intake is approximately 2.1% of the body mass of females and 1.6% for males. They obtain their water through the foliage they consume, but drink regularly when water is available. Giraffes seek out Acacia species when browsing. Their feeding stimulates shoot production of the species.
Reproduction.
The Rhodesian giraffes breed throughout the year. They reach sexual maturity at approximately six years, and then produce offspring approximately every 677 days. About half of all calves die before one year of age, due to predation. Giraffes can become pregnant while lactating, a very unusual characteristic.
Conservation.
Giraffes are widely distributed throughout sub-Saharan Africa, but the subspecies Giraffa Camelopardalis thornicrofti is endemic to Zambia with a population of less than 1,500. There are no Rhodesian giraffes in captivity. Ecotourism has played a vital role in conservation of all subspecies of giraffes, due to their popularity with tourists (Lindsey). Giraffes as a species are classified as “Least Concern” according to the IUCN, but their populations are declining. Their primary threats are poaching, human population growth, habitat loss, habitat fragmentation, and habitat degradation.

</doc>
<doc id="36615240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615240" title="Lombok Institute of Flight Technology">
Lombok Institute of Flight Technology

Lombok Institute of Flight Technology, also known as LIFT, is an Indonesian higher learning institution specializing in theoretical and practical aeronautical science education. Based on Lombok island (approx 60 miles east of Bali island) the institute received its educational accreditation as a flight academy from Directorate General of Civil Aviation of Indonesia in 2010. The institute operates from Selaparang Airport in Mataram.
History.
LIFT was established in June 2010 in cooperation with a private investor from Hong Kong and a local managaement from Jakarta. LIFT was the first flight training facility in Indonesia to operate glass cockpit Liberty XL2 aircraft.
Establishment.
LIFT has aviation business roots in Indonesia dating to 2005, with the establishment of PT Sky Aviation, a small charter company, which was providing inter-island VIP charter service using US-built Cirrus SR22 aircraft. The operation was housed in the same hangar as the current company's flight operations base. In 2010, the investment company decided to move to a more profitable flight training sector of aviation business and sold PT Sky Aviation to a local Indonesian investment firm while establishing Lombok Institute of Fight Technology.
Aircraft.
LIFT purchased its first fleet of six Liberty XL2 flight training aircraft from Liberty Aerospace Corporation in Melbourne, Florida, in 2010 and shipped them to Johor Baru to be later ferried to Lombok. It owns and operates five Liberty XL2 aircraft, both Classic and Vingard editions.
Synthetic flight.
The flight simulation department houses two advanced full-motion flight simulators capable of realistic reproduction of flight in Liberty XL2 aircraft.
Operation.
The first training flight was made in December 2010.
Organization and administration.
Senior management.
The institute is governed by the former Indonesia's presidential pilot Capt Rahman Sulistyo with support from the satellite administrative branch located in Jakarta Nusa Alam.
The LIFT's department of aeronautical theory is primarily responsible for instruction in Jakarta's college section of aeronautical theory under close supervision of DGCA Indonesia
Key persons.
The institute is a Pt 141 flight training academy and appoints three management persons for their flight training, maintenance and quality control departments. -approved key persons for years 2010-2012 are:
Campus.
The fight training campus is located in Senggigi resort area on the island of Lombok, West Nusa Tengara in Indonesia. 
A satellite campus (academics only) is located in Serpong, Tangerang, in West Jakarta
Satellite facilities.
Satellite facilities are located in Selaparang International Airport, in Lombok International Airport, Nusa Alam in Jakarta and Sumbawa Besar Regional Airport in Sumbawa
Academics.
The institute offers professional pilots courses in the following areas of aeronautical theory:
Research.
The institute is participating in the Liberty XL2 aircraft type certification research.
Notable people.
Faculty and staff.
LIFT's faculty includes many aeronautical science professionals. Key persons in the flight department in 2012 are Chief Flight Instructor Russell Sherwood

</doc>
<doc id="36615242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615242" title="Çerçili">
Çerçili

Çerçili (formerly Ali) is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in Taurus Mountains. The distance to Erdenli is and to Mersin is . population of the village was 665 as of 2011. The major economic activity is agriculture. Animalal breeding is another acticity.

</doc>
<doc id="36615247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615247" title="Elmar Gasimov">
Elmar Gasimov

Elmar Gasimov (, born 2 November 1988, Baku, Azerbaijan SSR, Soviet Union) is an Azerbaijani judoka. He has competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
He won the gold medal in the final of the European Youth Championship in Yerevan, after defeating Lukáš Krpálek, which made him first Azerbaijani to win in Armenia since fall of USSR.

</doc>
<doc id="36615254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615254" title="Joseph Crow">
Joseph Crow

Joseph Crow may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36615291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615291" title="Ken English">
Ken English

Kenneth "Ken" Hamilton English was a New Zealand rugby league footballer of the 1950s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#328), and Wellington, as a , i.e. number 8 or 10, during the era of contested scrums.
Playing career.
A New Zealand Police officer, English switched codes from rugby union in the later 1940's, joining the St. George club in the Wellington Rugby League. 
In 1947 English was part of the Wellington side that defeated the West Coast 11-4 to win the Northern Union Cup for the first time. In 1949 he was part of the Southern Provinces team that held the touring Australian side to 17-15.
International honours.
After a brilliant trial, English made his New Zealand Kiwis debut against the 1951 touring French side. With team mate Johnny Dodd, English was selected on the 1951-1952 tour of Great Britain and France. He played in fourteen games on the tour, scoring three tries, but never played another test match.

</doc>
<doc id="36615298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615298" title="Studerhorn">
Studerhorn

The Studerhorn (3,634 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It lies between the Finsteraarhorn and the Oberaarhorn, on the ridge separating the basins of the Unteraar Glacier (north) and the Fiescher Glacier (south).
The mountain was named in honour of the Swiss geologist Gottlieb Samuel Studer.

</doc>
<doc id="36615307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615307" title="Norwich (CDP), Vermont">
Norwich (CDP), Vermont

Norwich is a census-designated place (CDP) that comprises the central village of the town of Norwich, Windsor County, Vermont, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population of the CDP was 878, compared to 3,414 for the entire town of Norwich.
Geography.
Norwich is located in northeastern Windsor County. U.S. Route 5 passes through the village, connecting with Thetford to the north and White River Junction to the south. Interstate 91 forms the eastern edge of the CDP, with access to the village at Exit 13. Vermont Route 10A leads east from Exit 13 across the Connecticut River to Hanover, New Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="36615317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615317" title="Christopher, Kentucky">
Christopher, Kentucky

Christopher is an unincorporated community and coal town in Perry County, Kentucky, United States. Their Post Office has been closed.
A post office was established in 1914 in the community then called Douglas. Douglas was renamed Christopher in 1918 in honor of the local Columbus Mining Co., whose founders are said to have come from Columbus, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="36615318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615318" title="2012 Western &amp; Southern Open">
2012 Western &amp; Southern Open

The 2012 Western and Southern Open (known as such for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 111th edition (for the men) and the 84th (for the women) of the Cincinnati Masters, and was part of the ATP World Tour Masters 1000 of the 2012 ATP World Tour, and of the WTA Premier 5 tournaments of the 2012 WTA Tour. The tournament was held at the Lindner Family Tennis Center in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States, from August 11 to August 19.
ATP singles main draw entrants.
Seeds.
The following players were seeded in the main singles draw, following the ATP Rankings of August 6, 2012:
Other entrants.
The following players received wild cards into the main singles draw:
The following players received entry from the singles qualifying draw:
The following players received entry as lucky losers:
ATP doubles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
WTA singles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wild cards into the main singles draw:
The following players received entry from the singles qualifying draw:
The following players received entry as lucky losers:
WTA doubles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
The following pairs received entry as alternates:

</doc>
<doc id="36615344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615344" title="Clemons, Kentucky">
Clemons, Kentucky

Clemons is an unincorporated community and coal town in Perry County, Kentucky, United States. Their Post Office has been closed.

</doc>
<doc id="36615355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615355" title="Darfork, Kentucky">
Darfork, Kentucky

Darfork is an unincorporated community and coal town in Perry County, Kentucky, United States. Their Post Office has been closed.

</doc>
<doc id="36615359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615359" title="Motiongram">
Motiongram

A motiongram is a spatiotemporal display of motion, created from a video recording. Motiongrams are created using a video processing technique, in which a motion image is collapsed into a series of 1 pixel wide stripes and plotted next to one another.
Challenge.
The traditional way of representing (human) motion visually, is either by displaying individual frames from a video file as a keyframe display or by doing one or more forms of feature extraction and subsequent plotting of the resultant data. Neither of these are ideal to give a good impression of the actual motion happening in the sequence. Keyframe displays only show postures and not motion, while feature graphs often rely on multiple analysis steps. Motiongrams are useful as an intermediary step to show spatiotemporal information of a movement sequence, but with no need for doing a full analysis of the data.
History.
The term motiongram was first proposed by Alexander Refsum Jensenius in 2006, and the technique has later been refined by him and others. The technique was inspired by the pioneering work of Muybridge and Marey from the 19th century, as well as the slit-scan community in the 20th century. Motiongrams resemble slit-scan photographs, but are different in that they are created from frame-differenced motion-images. The result is that only motion is shown in the final display.
Implementation.
An overview of creating a motiongram is shown in Figure 1. The process starts by reading a video stream, and doing simple image adjustments, e.g., changing the brightness and contrast. The next step involves producing the motion image by calculating the absolute frame difference between successive video frames, followed by applying some noise removal algorithms. The motiongram is created by calculating the normalized mean value for each row or column in the motion image. This means that for each image matrix of size MxN, a Mx1 or 1xN matrix is calculated. Drawing these 1 pixel wide “stripes” next to each other over time results in the final motiongram.
The motiongram technique has been implemented as modules in the open framework Jamoma for Max, as well as for the EyesWeb platform and in Matlab. There are also two standalone applications for OSX and Windows: VideoAnalysis (non-realtime) and AudioVideoAnalysis (realtime).
Examples.
Motiongrams allow for quick navigation in video material and for comparative analysis of motion qualities. Although quite rough, it is easy to see differences in the quantity of motion and similarities in upward/downward patterns between motion sequences.
Limitations.
Since motiongrams are made by averaging over either the rows or columns of a video file, only one dimension will be shown in the final motiongram. Thus a horizontal motiongram will mainly represent vertical motion, while a vertical motiongram will mainly represent horizontal motion.

</doc>
<doc id="36615364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615364" title="Lamont, Kentucky">
Lamont, Kentucky

Lamont is an unincorporated community and coal town in Perry County, Kentucky, United States. Their Post Office has been closed.

</doc>
<doc id="36615373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615373" title="Lothair, Kentucky">
Lothair, Kentucky

Lothair is an unincorporated community and coal town in Perry County, Kentucky, United States. Their Post Office has been closed.

</doc>
<doc id="36615388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615388" title="Johnny Dodd (rugby league)">
Johnny Dodd (rugby league)

John "Johnny" Fraser Dodd (16 March 1928 – 25 October 2007) was a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#340), and Wellington, as a , i.e. number 6.
Playing career.
Dodd played for the St. George club in the Wellington Rugby League competition and represented Wellington. After a brilliant trial match in 1951 Dodd was selected for the New Zealand Kiwis tour of Great Britain and France. Due to injuries Dodd didn't play a test on tour, however he did score four tries in nine tour games.
Dodd played for the North Island in 1952. He was part of St. George's premierships in 1953, 1955, 1957 and 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="36615396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615396" title="Aleksandar Aleksandrov (rower)">
Aleksandar Aleksandrov (rower)

Aleksandar Aleksandrov (born 9 April 1990 in Sofia) is an Azerbaijani rower. He finished 5th in the single sculls at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36615416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615416" title="GroupArgent">
GroupArgent

GroupArgent is a privately held investment banking firm providing mergers and acquisitions (M&A) advisory, capital raising, and business acceleration services to technology and digital marketing companies. The firm provides transaction services to company principals, acquirers, and investors in the U.S and internationally. GroupArgent has deep experience in cross-border transactions in Latin America, Brazil, and other emerging markets. The firm is headquartered in New York City with representation in London, Sao Paulo, and Buenos Aires.
History.
GroupArgent, originally founded in 2005 as Milbank Roy & Co., refocused to technology verticals under new ownership in 2009, when Andrew Meyers, Pierre-Georges Roy, and Maurice Watkins became the firm's operating partners. Prior to the reorganization, GroupArgent focused broadly on mergers and acquisitions and capital-raising advisory for the larger TMT (Technology-Media-Telecom) market. As part of the new transition, the company formed specific practices in ecommerce, cloud computing, interactive marketing and advertising, and digital content.
The rebranded firm continued to build on its international experience in Latin America, Brazil, Europe, and corresponding growing bodies of work for advisory in cross-border transactions. To expand its global footprint, GroupArgent entered into a strategic partnership in 2011 with Results International, a UK-based investment bank focused on the digital and marketing sectors.
Since its founding, GroupArgent has completed 100+ transactions in the U.S. and internationally.
References.
Category: Investment banking

</doc>
<doc id="36615418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615418" title="Ancient X-Files">
Ancient X-Files

Ancient X-Files is a series on the National Geographic Channel. Each episode contains one or two mysterious stories of the ancient past. As the show unfolds, it attempts to scientifically investigate legends and myths.
Episodes.
The stories of the episodes are sometimes aired in different order.
External links.
Ancient X-Files at imdb.com

</doc>
<doc id="36615425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615425" title="Nittur, Shimoga">
Nittur, Shimoga

Nittur is a village located in Hosanagara Taluk, Shimoga District, Karnataka, India. The village is located in dense forest, on Shimoga-Kollur state highway and Kodachadri peak falls within the jurisdiction of Nittur Grama Panchayat. 
Activity.
Main activity of villagers around Nittur is agriculture, with arecanut garden taking main share. Smalltime homestay accommodation is also available around this village.
Trekking.
Nittur is starting point of one of the trekking routes to Kodachadri peak, which is located at about 15 km from the village.

</doc>
<doc id="36615426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615426" title="All Manipur Football Association">
All Manipur Football Association

All Manipur Football Association (AMFA) is the state governing body of football in MANIPUR, India. It is affiliated with the All India Football Federation, the national governing body.
The AMFA's State League is the highest League and the biggest tournament in Manipur conducted by AMFA is CC MEET.

</doc>
<doc id="36615445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615445" title="Handball Korea League">
Handball Korea League

The Handball Korea League (HKL) is a semi-professional handball league in South Korea . The league has been sponsored by SK Group since 2011 and therefore the league is called the "SK Handball Korea League".
The league is hosted at the SK Olympic Handball Gymnasium within the Olympic Park in Bangi-dong, Songpa-gu, Seoul. In 2011 the former 'Olympic Fencing Gymnasium' was remodel for handball games at a cost of , specialized with handball only courts.
Teams.
2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36615465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615465" title="Mother and Jack">
Mother and Jack

"Mother and Jack'" is a song by Robin Gibb, released first as the B-side of "Saved by the Bell" in June 1969. And it was released as the sixth track on his debut album "Robin's Reign" in 1970. This song was released on Polydor Records in UK and Atco Records in the US. The song features the bass guitar work by Maurice Gibb. The song was recorded in De Lane Lea Studios, London in March 1969. In Canada, Japan, France and in the United States, both A B side was released as a double A.
Bruce Eder at Allmusic describes this song as "calypso-flavored piece" that was sort of Gibb's answer to the Bee Gees' "I.O.I.O.".
The song was included on the Bee Gees' 1983 compilation "Bee Gees" on RSO Records. It was also included on "Swan Songs: Rare Recordings, Vol. 3" on Wohnstubb Recordings, released in Europe in 2002.
Track listing.
All tracks written and composed by Robin Gibb.

</doc>
<doc id="36615496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615496" title="Themeda quadrivalvis">
Themeda quadrivalvis

Themeda quadrivalvis is a species of grass known by the common names grader grass, habana grass, and kangaroo grass, not to be confused with "Themeda triandra", which is also known as kangaroo grass. It is native to India, Nepal, and Malaysia. It can also be found in many other places as an introduced species and often a noxious weed. It occurs in the United States, New Caledonia, Fiji, Mauritius, Thailand, Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, China, the Middle East and tropical America. It is a troublesome exotic weed in Australia, especially in northern regions. It is also an agricultural weed in crops such as sugar cane and lucerne.
This species is an annual grass growing up to 2 meters tall. The usually folded leaves are up to 60 centimeters long. The seed heads are rounded or fan-shaped and are accompanied by leaflike bracts. The grass becomes orange, red, or golden brown at maturity. The clustered spikelets in the seed heads have some tubercle-based hairs and twisted awns, which can be up to 5 centimeters long. The awn is hygroscopic, twisting when moist and drilling the seed into the soil. This species is similar to "Themeda triandra", a native species which tends to be smaller and more brown in color. Grader grass is a prolific producer of seed; there can be up to 1000 seeds in a single seed head. The seed is dispersed by graders, on fur and clothing, and as a contaminant of pasture seed supplies. The seed is sometimes found as a contaminant of bird seed, as well.
This grass is a major noxious weed in parts of Australia, where it was introduced in the 1930s. It may have arrived in supplies of straw packing. The plant was first recorded in Australia in September 1935 near Habana in the Mackay Region of Queensland. It then spread as a contaminant of seed. The weed easily invades ecosystems, displacing native vegetation. It grows quickly, producing flowers within 5 to 6 weeks after germination, and seed within 10 weeks. Flowering generally occurs in February to June in Australia. Germination can occur throughout the year, however, given adequate moisture. The grass easily colonizes disturbed areas such as roadsides. While the grass is cultivated for animal fodder in India, it is unpalatable throughout most of the year in Australia, forming wide monotypic stands that displace palatable grasses. It also forms a heavy fuel load, increasing the likelihood of fire.

</doc>
<doc id="36615543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615543" title="Mike Owusu">
Mike Owusu

Mike Owusu is a Ghanaian former footballer who played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36615550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615550" title="IAE Lille">
IAE Lille

IAE de Lille, also known as Institut d'Administration des Entreprises de Lille is the business school of Lille University of Science and Technology. It is also a component of the "Réseau des IAE", bringing together 33 similar business schools around France. Being one of the top French universities in management, school is highly internationalized and has an alumni network of 18,000 former students throughout the world.
IAE Lille is situated in old town of Lille.
IAE participates in Erasmus Programme and also maintains exchange agreements with several universities across Europe, Asia and America.
Admissions.
Students are recruited after a Bachelor or Master's degree from Public Universities, Grandes Ecoles, Grands Etablissements or equivalents.
Candidates need to show very good academic records, pass an entrance examination, and show working knowledge of the French language.
Ranking.
The IAE Lille has been ranked #10 Business school in France by Le Nouvel Economiste.
History.
The Institut d'Administration des Entreprises de Lille was established in 1956 by Gaston Berger. The vocation of the school is to provide skills in Management and Business Administration to executives and students from various backgrounds (in engineering, law, humanities...) and to offer advanced expertise to high potential professionals.
Campus.
In 1996 main campus was moved to a remodeled 18th century building in the Old town of Lille.
Research.
IAE de Lille participates in the management research studies. About a hundred of researches work for Center of national scientific research in 5 topics:

</doc>
<doc id="36615566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615566" title="Jan Bengtsson">
Jan Bengtsson

Jan Bengtsson is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36615589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615589" title="Ramon Filippini">
Ramon Filippini

Ramon Filippini is a Swedish former footballer with Italian decent who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36615598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615598" title="Right-sided aortic arch">
Right-sided aortic arch

Right-sided aortic arch is a rare anatomical variant in which the aortic arch is on the right side rather than on the left. During normal embryonic development, the aortic arch is formed by the left fourth aortic arch and the left dorsal aorta. In people with a right-sided aortic arch, instead the right dorsal aorta persists and the distal left aorta disappears.
Classification.
Several types of right-sided aortic arch exist, the most common ones being right-sided aortic arch with aberrant left subclavian artery and the mirror-image type. The variant with aberrant left subclavian artery is associated with congenital heart disease in only a small minority of affected people. The mirror-image type of right aortic arch is very strongly associated with congenital heart disease, in most cases tetralogy of Fallot.
Pathophysiology.
The causes of right-sided aortic arch are still unknown. 22q11 deletions have been found in some patients.
Symptoms.
A right-sided aortic arch does not cause symptoms on itself, however when it is accompanied by other vascular abnormalities, it may form a vascular ring, causing symptoms due to compression of the trachea and/or oesophagus.
Diagnosis.
During pregnancy, prenatal ultrasound may reveal the abnormal course of the arch. On chest radiography, a right-sided aortic arch is visualized by the aortic knob (the prominent shadow of the aortic arch) that is located right from the sternum instead of left. Complex lesions are often assessed by MRI or CT.
Epidemiology.
Right-sided aortic arch is rare, with a prevalence among adults of about 0.01%.
See also.
Aortic arches for a description of the embryological development of the aortic arch

</doc>
<doc id="36615604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615604" title="Bau Airport">
Bau Airport

Bau Airport is an airport serving Bau, Democratic Republic of the Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="36615609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615609" title="Robert Dunn (biologist)">
Robert Dunn (biologist)

Robert Dunn is a biologist, writer and associate professor in the Department of Biological Sciences at North Carolina State University. His popular science articles have appeared at magazines such as BBC Wildlife Magazine, Scientific American, Smithsonian Magazine, National Geographic and others. He is quickly becoming known for efforts to involve the public as citizen scientists in arthropod surveys and bacterial flora studies. His projects include studies of belly button biodiversity, mites that live on human faces, ants in backyards, and fungi and bacteria in houses. 
He was a Fulbright fellow in Australia.
Biography.
Dunn grew up in the then rural town of Hartland, Michigan. Dunn earned a BA in Biology from Kalamazoo College in 1997. While at Kalamazoo College Dunn traveled to Ecuador. There, he and a friend were attacked by monkeys. In Ecuador, Dunn also lived in a small wooden shack beside a river in a forest called Guajalito. There, he sometimes ate dinner with an old Czech woman who had migrated to Ecuador during World War II. A river flowed behind the shack and up in the hills around the shack spectacled bears were common. While at the shack, Dunn conducted a study on epiphytic bromeliads that live on trees. Parts of the study were successful, but Dunn's attempt to also study what lived in the bromeliads failed when horses came to the shack at night and ate the bromeliads.
Dunn obtained a PhD in Ecology and Evolution from the University of Connecticut in 2003. At the University of Connecticut, Dunn studied the recovery of tropical forests in Costa Rica, Peru and Bolivia after clear-cutting and use for traditional agriculture. He sought to understand how long it takes for the biodiversity of animals to return to regenerating forests. He was then a Fulbright fellow at Curtin University in Australia where he worked with Jonathan Majer and Byron Lamont to study the dispersal of seeds. In Australia, many thousands of rare and interesting plant species have seeds dispersed by ants. The seeds produce a small fruit (an elaiosome) that the ants use to carry them back to their nests. They then feed the fruit to their babies and the seed itself germinates in the ants' garbage much the way that papaya seeds grow out of human latrines throughout the tropics. These seeds also sometimes travel much longer distances in the guts of birds. Dunn worked with other scientists to show that emus can carry seeds, even those that have evolved to be carried by ants, great distances across Australia. In Australia, Dunn was also kicked by a kangaroo. 
Dunn was a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Tennessee, Knoxville for one year. In Knoxville, Dunn worked with Nate Sanders and studied the biodiversity of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park. Dunn joined the faculty at North Carolina State University in 2005, first in the Zoology Department, then in Biology Department and now in the Biological Sciences Department. At North Carolina State University Dunn runs the yourwildlife.org program which aims to understand, while working with the public, the species that live around us in our daily lives.

</doc>
