<doc id="36561175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561175" title="Management accounting principles">
Management accounting principles

Management accounting principles (MAP) were developed to serve the core needs of internal management to improve decision support objectives, internal business processes, resource application, customer value, and capacity utilization needed to achieve corporate goals in an optimal manner. Another term often used for management accounting principles for these purposes is managerial costing principles. The two management accounting principles are: 
These two principles serve the management accounting community and its customers – the management of businesses. The above principles are incorporated into the Managerial Costing Conceptual Framework (MCCF) along with concepts and constraints to help govern the management accounting practice. The framework ends decades of confusion surrounding management accounting approaches, tools and techniques and their capabilities.
The framework of principles, concepts, and constraints will drive the classification of management accounting practices in the profession to ""enable a better understanding both inside the profession and outside, of the compromises that result from inappropriate principles"". Without foundational principles, managers and accounting professionals have no consistent footing on which to challenge or evaluate new theories of methods for managerial costing.
Some management accounting methods are designed primarily to serve and comply with financial accountancy guidelines. The importance of having distinct and separate principles exclusively for Management Accounting has received support and acknowledgement after almost a century of work on the topic. The idea that separate management accounting principles exist for managerial decision support distinct from financial reporting needs is now recognized by professional accounting bodies such as the International Federation of Accountants Professional Accountants In Business Committee and the Institute of Management Accountants Managerial Costing Conceptual Framework (MCCF) Task Force.
Brief History.
Prior to 1929 no group – public or private – was issuing or responsible for any accounting standards. After the 1929 stock market crash, a call to regain the public's confidence and investor's trust was demanded and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 was passed resulting in public companies being supervised by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). This set the groundwork for GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (United States), outlining financial accounting principles for external reporting standards for users of financial statements' information such as capital markets and creditors.
Over the next 47 years many individual committees, professional bodies and boards released various financial accounting procedural frameworks until 1976 when work began on a US framework that remains in place today, governed by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). 
Note: Since April 1, 2001 the International Accounting Standards Board has been working on developing new international financial reporting standards. The new standards, referred to as International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), aim to update and refine existing concepts and provide descriptive guidance that includes comparisons of reporting requirements between IFRS and U.S. GAAP. As a result of establishing International Financial Reporting Standards, the IASB and FASB Conceptual Frameworks and Standards are in the process of being updated and converged to reflect the changes in markets, business practices and the economic environment that have occurred in the two or more decades since the concepts were first developed. One of the foundations of a set of Financial Accounting Standards is the creation of a Conceptual Framework that defines the principles upon which the standards will be based. Most major national and international accounting standards have developed conceptual frameworks to support their work on setting standards.
In contrast, management accounting principles have been overlooked from both a conceptual and a standards point of view and, for the most part, overshadowed by financial accounting standards. Generally accepted accounting principles applies strictly to financial accounting because it was either the only guidance they had at the time, or did not know what else to do.
Until recently, no serious work has been done by the accounting profession on the conceptual differences between the use of management accounting techniques to support GAAP financial reporting and management accounting techniques used for internal decision support. This greatly compromises the management accounting practice and the ability of management accountants to provide managers with relevant decision support and optimization information. Yet, several innovative thinkers, shown in the Timeline below, saw value in management accounting having its own distinct set of principles. Over the last century it is more and more evident that management accounting principles be viewed as "indispensable to the evaluation and improvement of MA methods and practices" (Clinton, Van der Merwe 2012).
Importance and objectives.
Management accounting for use inside an organization must reflect the reality of the operations and resources used by the organization in monetary terms. Unlike financial reporting, where the objective focuses on external investors and creditors seek to compare investment options across the capital markets, management accounting focuses on the economic choices and constraints within an organization. There are two interrelated parts in understanding why management accounting principles are so important and how these principles help managers achieve their primary objective: enterprise optimization.
The first principal part deals with the actual modeling of a company's operations, where the management accountant establishes and builds causal relationships based on the "principle of causality" and related management accounting concepts. Part two involves the "principle of analogy" and the manager's analytical needs for decision support information provided by part one (its cause-and-effect relationships). Part two requires analyzing the information in light of one or more decision alternatives so that the decision maker(s) can reach the optimum decision. The cumulative application of both principles (causality and analogy) achieves management accounting's objectives and fulfills the managers' needs – the optimization of the company's operations, generally referred to as enterprise optimization.
First objective - managerial costing is: 
Second objective – managerial costing aids managers:
At a more granular level the consistent application of management accounting's principles hold a number of benefits for an organization.
Truth as the foundation.
It is managerial accountants' job to provide correct information to all internal managers. In other words, the costing information gathered must be factual and truthful, as in 'what is the cost that reflects the actual use of the resources and processes'. Therefore, truth corresponds to facts and when applied to Management Accounting it translates to resources in operation creates a factual situation. Obviously, the resources and operations about which a manager makes decisions on are based on factual information. The manager's decision will act to change the current situation since the manager is interested in the economic impact of the possible outcomes.
Philip Lawton, investment professional and co-author of "The Top Ten Operational Risks: A Survival Guide for Investment Management Firms and Hedge Funds" writes 
The Correspondence theory of truth was originally defined by Aristotle; however, a simpler and more up-to-date definition is: ""A statement or opinion is true if what it corresponds to is a fact."" The correspondence definition of truth forms the foundational building blocks for management accounting's principles. In this regard, the foundation of MAP is grounded in the laws of logic and structured reasoning outlined and discussed at length in the Management Accounting Philosophy series published in Cost Management. The recognition of truth as the basis for management accounting goes back a long way.
This emphasis on truth should not be confused with precision; it should be clear that costing methods are disputable, while principles are not. Principles support managers who are required to make inferences about future outcomes of all the decision alternatives they are considering based on cause and effect insights. The use of principles enables managers to deal with causes and their effects in different time frames. This is not to say that management accounting is a science, it is not. But Decision science —that which management accounting supports, with the information it provides — is a science
The growth of management accounting and its practices as outlined in "Management Accounting – Approaches, Techniques and Management Processes", mentions that management accountants remain dissatisfied with the quality of their management accounting information in the absence of guiding principles. This disconnect is clearly documented in research such as the "2003 Survey of Management Accounting" by Ernst & Young LLP; co-sponsored by IMA and the follow up survey "2012 Alta Via, SAP, and IMA Management Accounting Survey: A Replication and Longitudinal Comparison". Confusion and frustration took hold of the MA profession partly because accountants were trying to satisfy two very different goals with one information system; the compliance needs of financial reporting (GAAP) alongside managerial costing decision analysis needs. In addition, controllers, accountants, and managers who were seeking to improve operations or resolve internal costing issues discovered that when selecting different costing methods, each one subscribes to assorted allocation techniques and produces very different results. And finally, the lack of a conceptual framework and foundational principles that previously did not exist in order to do costing for internal decision support.
Contradicting theories and practices do not instill trust or truth towards the optimization of an entity. Foundational principles are intended to drive the classification of approaches, tools, and processes, thereby providing a way for accountants and managers to evaluate the tools and approaches they may be considering for the decision or costing tasks at hand. The principles function as a way of better understanding the risks and compromises associated with a practice or method when it strays from the principles of causality and analogy.
Not GAAP.
Companies need to identify the economic reality of their organization based on resources and operations, not reflect dollar values calculated using accrual-based accounting methods that conform to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (United States). Accountants may argue that financial accounting principles represent true values and are more than sufficient for management accounting purposes. Maximizing financial statement results is a primary objective; however, focusing only on accounting numbers or common financial ratios can lead to bad behavior versus focusing on operations and resource use for long term sustainable economic success.
By examining two of the four financial accounting principles, it will reveal that financial accounting principles (e.g., Historical cost, Revenue recognition, Matching principle, and Full Disclosure) do not serve the objectives of management accounting. Let's examine the following two GAAP principles:
The two financial accounting principles noted above briefly describes the chasm that exists between financial accounting and managerial accounting objectives. Financial accounting's objective is to produce a coherent set of standards for consistency and comparability purposes; therefore, providing external parties in the capital markets, a level playing field for evaluating a company's individual performance as well as across other competing businesses. Where Management accounting's objectives exist is to inform internal managers of the correct choices for long term economic success.
As discussed with Larry R. White, task force member of the Managerial Costing Conceptual Framework, in CFO.com, 
Concepts and Constraints.
Principles.
Management accountants can rely on "causality" and "analogy" as foundational principles as they are grounded in decision science – the laws of logic. 
Principle of Causality enables modeling the organization's costs based on the relationship between the inputs and outputs of the resources involved in the production of products and services it provides. Often this is straightforward when dealing with strong causal relationships (i.e. raw materials to make product A). However, where weaker causal relationships exist, costs need to be attributed according to the concept of attributability, which maintains the integrity of causality.
Principle of Analogy governs the user of management accounting information's ability to apply the knowledge or insights gained from the causal relationships modeled (e.g., in planning, control, what-if analysis) using inductive and deductive reasoning about past and future outcomes for continuous optimization efforts.
Concepts.
The following concepts serve as operational guidelines and modeling building blocks to the two main principles (causality and analogy) in developing a reflective cause & effect model and then using the information the model provides. These concepts are intended to cover a variety of assumptions that would make up a model, their characteristics, and relationships and to provide rational perspectives when modeling many managerial costing issues.
The first ten concepts support the "Principle of Causality" the modeling of Cause&Effect-based modeling principles, while the remaining four concepts are applicable to the "Principle of Analogy" and informational in nature and supports managers with decision making guidelines.
Constraints.
The following constraints have been identified for management accounting. The quantitative and qualitative characteristics of these constraints are meant to serve as controls or checks and balances when constructing a cost model or when using management accounting information. The first five constraints are specific to Causality in the cost model, while the remaining two constraints deal with Analogy and the use of the information.

</doc>
<doc id="36561176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561176" title="Episcopal Conference of Panama">
Episcopal Conference of Panama

The Episcopal Conference of Panama is the union of all the bishops of Panama, which in turn are the holders of each diocese.
The Episcopal Conference of Panama forms a single Ecclesiastical Province, which consists of:
An Archdiocese:
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Panama
Five Dioceses:
Roman Catholic Diocese of Chitre
Roman Catholic Diocese of Santiago de Veraguas
Roman Catholic Diocese of David
Roman Catholic Diocese of Colón-Kuna Yala
Roman Catholic Diocese of Penonomé
An Apostolic Vicariate:
Apostolic Vicariate of Darien
A Prelature:
Roman Catholic Territorial Prelature of Bocas del Toro

</doc>
<doc id="36561178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561178" title="List of British Army full generals">
List of British Army full generals

This is a list of full generals in the British Army since its establishment in 1707 following the Acts of Union. The rank of general (or "full general" to distinguish it from the lower general officer ranks) is the highest rank currently achievable by serving officers in the British Army. It ranks above lieutenant-general and below field marshal which is now only awarded as an honorary rank.

</doc>
<doc id="36561232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561232" title="Damask, Iran">
Damask, Iran

Damask (, also Romanized as Dāmask) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 634, in 162 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36561237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561237" title="Fernand Picard">
Fernand Picard

Fernand Picard (April 3, 1917 – October 1, 1986) was a Canadian politician.
Born in Montreal, Quebec, Picard was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec in 1966 for Olier. A Liberal, he was re-elected in 1970 and in 1973 in the riding of Viau. He did not run in 1976.
He died in Montreal in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="36561238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561238" title="Ashot-Sahak of Vaspurakan">
Ashot-Sahak of Vaspurakan

Ashot-Sahak Artsruni (died 991) was the fourth King of Vaspurakan, from the Artsruni dynasty. On the death of his father Abusahl-Hamazasp in 968/969, the kingdom was divided among his three sons, and Ashot, as the eldest, retained the royal title and the suzerainty over his younger brothers. On his death he was succeeded as king by his brother Gurgen-Khachik, who bypassed the rights of Ashot's sons.

</doc>
<doc id="36561272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561272" title="Deh Pain">
Deh Pain

Deh Pain or Deh-e Pain () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36561282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561282" title="Gurgen-Khachik of Vaspurakan">
Gurgen-Khachik of Vaspurakan

Gurgen-Khachik Artsruni (died 1003) was the fifth King of Vaspurakan, from the Artsruni dynasty. On the death of his father Abusahl-Hamazasp in 968/969, the kingdom was divided among his three sons, and Ashot-Sahak, as the eldest, retained the royal title and the suzerainty over his younger brothers. On Ashot's death, Gurgen usurped the throne from Ashot's sons and reigned as king until his own death in 1003. He was succeeded as king by his brother Seneqerim-Hovhannes.

</doc>
<doc id="36561293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561293" title="List of magazines in Belgium">
List of magazines in Belgium

The following is a list of Belgium magazines.

</doc>
<doc id="36561298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561298" title="Aces &amp; Eights">
Aces &amp; Eights

Aces & Eights was a villanous stable in the promotion Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), initially consisting of a group of masked wrestlers before their identities were revealed. It had the gimmick of an outlaw motorcycle club; members of the stable rode motorcycles, wore cut-offs and were referred to as either "prospects" or "patched in". The name of the stable is a reference to the two pair poker hand known as the "dead man's hand".
History.
Takeover of TNA.
The stable debuted on the June 14, 2012 episode of "Impact Wrestling", with three masked wrestlers attacking Sting as he discussed his induction to the TNA Hall of Fame. On July 5, 2012, an unnamed man delivered an envelope to TNA General Manager Hulk Hogan containing a photograph of aces and eights playing cards (known as the "dead man's hand") and a note reading "see you next week", saying "we're not cowards... we've got something for you Hogan, wait and see!"
Aces & Eights returned (in greater numbers) to TNA on the July 12, 2012 episode of "Impact Wrestling", attacking both Sting and Hogan, with Hogan billed as having sustained a pelvic fracture (providing a kayfabe explanation for his absence from television while recovering from surgery to alleviate back pain). Over the next several weeks, the stable continued to attack both faces and heels.
Aces & Eights made its first appearance on pay-per-view at Hardcore Justice on August 12, 2012, attacking D'Angelo Dinero backstage (providing a kayfabe explanation for his absence from television to recuperate from a shoulder injury). Aces & Eights later interfered in a four-way tables match, attacking Jeff Hardy and the eventual winner, Bully Ray.
On the August 23, 2012 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Aces & Eights brawled with members of the TNA roster, injuring the right arm of TNA World Heavyweight Champion Austin Aries. One week later, Aces & Eights attacked Aries again, knocking him unconscious with a foreign object. The following week on IMPACT, a low-level member of Aces & Eights named Mike was interrogated by Austin Aries into leaking information about Aces & Eights, but the Aces & Eights came out and knocked out Mike with a hammer to prevent him from revealing anything.
At No Surrender, on September 9, 2012, Aces & Eights again brawled with the TNA roster following a fight between Aries and a member called "The Armbreaker", injuring the shoulder of Jeff Hardy prior to his Bound for Glory series final against Bully Ray.
Aces & Eights wrestled its first match at the Bound for Glory pay-per-view on October 14, 2012, where two unnamed members of the stable defeated Sting and Bully Ray in a no disqualification tag team match to win unfettered access to the Impact Wrestling Zone (Aces & Eights had agreed to leave TNA if they'd lost). They won following interference from two other members of the stable, one of whom was subsequently unmasked and revealed as Devon, a member of the TNA roster and the former tag team partner of Bully Ray. Devon was the first member of Aces & Eights to be formally identified by TNA.
On the October 18, 2012 episode of "Impact", Devon, speaking for the gang (his vest identified him as "Sergeant-at-Arms"), threatened the TNA roster, who responded by attacking Aces & Eights. Sting challenged Devon to a match, which Sting won by disqualification when Aces & Eights interfered.
On the October 25 "Impact", Aces & Eights announced they would target a victim, chosen by throwing a dart at a photo collage of TNA wrestlers and later revealed to be Kurt Angle (a previous target of Aces & Eights). Angle had just lost a World Heavyweight Championship match to Jeff Hardy. Bully Ray confronted his "brother" Devon, who claimed Hogan's mistreatment of him was why he joined Aces & Eights. After Devon announced that he and Bully were no longer brothers, Bully called Devon a "coward" and challenged him to a match on the "Open Fight Night" episode of "Impact", on November 1.
That match ended in a brawl between the TNA roster and Aces & Eights, during which Joseph Park unmasked a member, revealing him as Drew Hankinson.
On the November 8 "Impact", Hankinson was introduced as D.O.C. (Director of Chaos), a prospect of Aces & Eights. Later that night, D.O.C. teamed with Devon to wrestle Sting and Angle. Sting and Angle won by disqualification when Devon used Sting's baseball bat. D.O.C. then drove Sting through a table, to prove his worth to the group. Sting was then attacked by several members and beaten with a ball-peen hammer by D.O.C.
D.O.C. defeated Joseph Park, and Devon lost to Kurt Angle at the Turning Point pay-per-view on November 11.
On the November 15 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Aces & Eights chose Magnus as their next victim; Devon used a baseball bat and D.O.C. a ball-peen hammer to injure Magnus' knees. Later that night, Kurt Angle teamed with Garett Bischoff to defeat Devon and an unnamed member, despite D.O.C. attempting to interfere in the match. As a reward for his loyalty, D.O.C. was promoted from a prospect to a patched in member.
On the December 6 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Devon became the first member of Aces & Eights to win a title, defeating Samoa Joe for the Television Championship, after interference from D.O.C. Later that night, the group attacked Angle again, as well as Jeff Hardy after being paid to do so by Bobby Roode. At Final Resolution, Devon, D.O.C., and two masked members lost to Kurt Angle, Samoa Joe, Garett Bischoff, and Wes Brisco, after Angle pinned one of the masked members.
On the December 27 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Aces & Eights offered membership to Mr. Anderson. Anderson accepted that offer on the January 3, 2013 episode. Later that night, Devon and a masked Aces & Eights member were defeated by Kurt Angle and Samoa Joe in a tag team cage match. Afterwards, several Aces & Eights members attacked Angle and Joe. Sting made his return and helped them fight off Aces & Eights with his baseball bat. Angle unmasked Devon's tag team partner, revealing him as Knox (renamed "Knux" in March 2013).
On January 13, 2013, at Genesis, Aces & Eights went two for three: Mr. Anderson defeated Samoa Joe and Devon defeated Joseph Park, before D.O.C. lost to Sting.
On the January 17 "Impact", Aces & Eights crashed Bully Ray & Brooke Hogan's wedding and attacked Bully, Hulk Hogan, and two of Bully's groomsmen, Tommy Dreamer and Brother Runt, after Bully's best man, Taz, revealed himself as the newest member. During the beatdown, Knux and D.O.C. taunted Brooke and forced her to watch. Sting tried to make the save, but was also beaten down. Aces & Eights then ran off, leaving Brooke to tend to her father and fiance.
On the January 24 "Championship Thursday" edition of "Impact", Taz explained why he joined Aces & Eights and implied that his contract with TNA makes him effectively immune to retaliation by TNA Management; Taz also mentioned working for a "higher power" within the Aces & Eights. Later that night, Bully Ray swore revenge upon the Aces & Eights, singling out Devon and Taz as his main targets. Kurt Angle called out Mr. Anderson and challenged him to a steel cage match at "Open Fight Night" on the January 31 "Impact". Just after Jeff Hardy defeated Christopher Daniels in the main event, Taz distracted Hardy as a masked member of Aces & Eights attacked Hardy from behind, injuring Hardy's left leg.
On the January 31st "Open Fight Night" edition of "Impact", it was revealed that Angle's friends, Wes Brisco and Garett Bischoff, were also members of the Aces & Eights. Angle defeated Anderson in their cage match while Brisco watched from ringside; after the match, a masked member of Aces & Eights confronted Angle, then revealed himself as Bischoff. Brisco feigned surprise, then suddenly attacked Angle along with Bischoff; Brisco then took his suit jacket off and let his hair down as he revealed his own Aces & Eights vest. Magnus made his return and fought Devon, but D.O.C. and Knux interfered; Magnus threw his attackers over the top rope and forced them to retreat. Hulk Hogan reinstated Bully Ray and made a match for the February 7 "Impact": Bully & Sting vs. Devon & D.O.C. in a tables tag match.
On the February 7th "Impact", Bischoff stated that he joined Aces & Eights since he gets no respect from the fans, and Brisco says he joined since Hulk Hogan disrespected him. Devon then threatens Angle, saying that Aces & Eights will end his career. In the main event, Bully Ray & Sting defeated Devon & D.O.C. in their tables tag match; Sting gave D.O.C. a Scorpion Deathdrop and Bully drove his former brother Devon through a table for the win.
On the February 14th "Impact", Sting accepted Aces & Eight's challenge at Lockdown: Sting and three members of the TNA Roster will face Devon, D.O.C., Knux and Mr. Anderson in a 4-on-4 tag team match. Later that night, Angle faced Samoa Joe in a World Heavyweight Championship contender's match, but Brisco & Bischoff interfered and attacked both Angle and Joe, resulting in a "No Contest" for the match. At the end of the night, Hogan was about to announce the #1 contender for the World Heavyweight Championship title, but Aces & Eights rushed the ring and surrounded Hogan; Sting and Bully Ray came out for the save, forcing the Aces & Eights to retreat.
On the February 21st "Impact", Bischoff faced Samoa Joe, but Brisco intervened, resulting in Bischoff's disqualification. Angle rushed to the ring for the save; as Bischoff and Brisco retreated through the crowd, Angle challenged Brisco to a steel cage match at "Lockdown". In the main event, Devon, D.O.C. and Anderson faced Sting, Bully Ray and Hogan in a six-man tag match, but Hogan was a no-show. As Sting & Bully prepared to finish off Anderson, Aces & Eights dragged Brooke Hogan and her father to the ring, forcing Bully Ray to rush to their aid; D.O.C. took advantage of the distraction to execute a big boot to the face followed by the pin on Sting, who was then beaten down by the Aces & Eights.
On the February 28th "Impact", Sting expanded the Lethal Lockdown match at Lockdown to 5-on-5: Devon, D.O.C., Anderson, Knux and Bischoff will face ""Team TNA"", consisting of Sting, Samoa Joe, Magnus, James Storm and Eric Young; as Sting distracted the Aces & Eights, Young snuck into the ring and attacked Aces & Eights from behind, then "Team TNA" fought Aces & Eights and forced them to retreat. At the end of the night, Kurt Angle chanced upon Mr. Anderson and beat him down, then Angle invaded the Aces & Eights Clubhouse, attacking Devon and the masked Vice-President. Angle smashed a bottle over the VP's head before unmasking him; a shocked Angle then angrily berated the VP, whose face was never shown on camera. The show ended as the other members of Aces & Eights attacked Angle from behind.
The March 7th episode of "Impact" had Brisco coming out to the ring to insult Angle, who responded by attacking Brisco. As TNA officials attempted to separate Brisco and Angle, Angle pointed at one of the officials, D'Lo Brown, who then kicked Angle in the groin and revealed himself as the Vice-President of the Aces & Eights. Devon then faced Sting in the first match in a Best-of-Three series to determine the which team would get the advantage at "Lockdown"; Devon pinned Sting after a fan blinded Sting by throwing beer in his face. In the second match of the series, Samoa Joe & Magnus defeated D.O.C. & Bischoff, and in the last match of the series, Mr. Anderson pinned James Storm after Aces & Eights distracted Storm, thus giving Aces & Eights the "Man-Advantage" at "Lockdown". The show ended with Brown leading Aces & Eights into the ring for a brawl with "Team TNA".
At the "Lockdown" pay-per-view, Brisco won his match against Angle with help from Brown. Later in the night, Aces & Eights lost the "Lethal Lockdown" match after Eric Young landed an elbow drop from the top of the steel cage for the pin. Later in the night, Aces & Eights interfered in the Steel Cage match between Bully Ray and Jeff Hardy. Devon tossed a hammer to Bully Ray, who used it on Jeff Hardy to win the World Title, turning heel in the process. Bully Ray announced after the match that he used Hulk and Brooke to become champion and revealed himself to be the President of Aces & Eights. On April 11, 2013, Ray defended the World Title in a Full Metal Mayhem against Hardy. On May 2, 2013, Brown was defeated by Kurt Angle in a "I Quit" match after swearing on his colors that he'd beat Angle, resulting in Bully Ray demoting him to prospect (on July 17, Brown was released from TNA, thus permanently removing him from Aces & Eights). On the 16th of May Mr. Anderson told Kurt Angle that on the following week's episode of Impact, AJ Styles would be patched in to the Aces & Eights. Styles did accept the leather vest and attacked Kurt with a hammer the following week, however, he attacked the other members of the Aces & Eights.
At the Slammiversary pay-per-view, Devon defeated Joseph Park by count out (due to a pre-match attack by Devon and Knux) to retain his title, only to lose it to Abyss, Park's brother. Bischoff, Anderson, and Brisco would also fall in defeat to Samoa Joe, Magnus, and Jeff Hardy in a six man tag. Bully Ray managed to defeat Sting in his "No Holds Barred" match, after knocking him down with a hammer which means Sting can never challenge for the World Heavyweight Championship again.
Downfall.
After Slammiversary, Sting announced the return of The Main Event Mafia to war with Aces and Eights. On the June 13th edition of "Impact Wrestling", Mr. Anderson won a battle royal which also included fellow members Devon, D.O.C., Knux, Wes Brisco, and Garett Bischoff for a spot in the 2013 Bound for Glory Series after D.O.C. was forcibly thrown out by Anderson after refusing to voluntarily eliminate himself as the other members had done.
On the July 11th edition of "Impact Wrestling", D.O.C. lost his bid to become the Vice-President of Aces and Eights as Knux gave his deciding vote to Mr. Anderson, to D.O.C.'s disgust. On July 12, 2013, D.O.C. parted ways with TNA after his contract expired (it was explained on-screen that he turned in his kutte over losing the VP bid to Anderson). On July 18 at "Impact Wrestling: Destination X", Bully Ray lost the World Heavyweight Championship to Chris Sabin following interference from both Aces & Eights and the Main Event Mafia. On the August 1 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Kurt Angle announced that the Main Event Mafia and Aces & Eights will face in a 5-on-5 tag match at "Impact Wrestling: Hardcore Justice" on August 15, whereby the person to be pinned or submit must leave TNA.
The 5-on-5 match would be delayed until the August 22 episode of "Impact Wrestling" due to Kurt Angle entering rehab for his DUI. At "Impact Wrestling: Hardcore Justice", Bully Ray regained the TNA World Heavyweight Championship, defeating Sabin in a steel cage match after Tito Ortiz (who officially joined Aces & Eights) and Mr. Anderson interfered. Later in the evening (for the episode to be aired on August 22) The Main Event Mafia (who recruited AJ Styles to be Angle's replacement) defeated Aces & Eights after Styles pinned Devon following a Styles Clash. This forced Devon to leave TNA, thus also removing him from Aces & Eights. On the same show, Bully Ray also revealed that he had been involved romantically with Brooke Tessmacher, now named just Brooke. Brooke then also officially joined Aces & Eights.
Following weeks of dissension, and after Hulk Hogan enforced the rule that Bully Ray must challenge one of the members of the group for the next title defense on the September 12 special episode of "Impact Wrestling: No Surrender", on the September 5 episode of "Impact", Mr. Anderson intentionally missed handing the hammer to Bully Ray to get out of "Scorpion Deathlock" by Sting, thus losing the no-DQ match. Anderson confronted Bully Ray and revealed he would be the challenger. On "Impact Wrestling: No Surrender", it was announced that Bellator MMA had pulled Ortiz from TNA programming due to his upcoming PPV fight with Rampage Jackson. On the same show, Bully emerged victorious over Anderson in a Last Man Standing match with the help of the other group members, and took the kutte from Anderson after a post-match beating, effectively removing him as Vice President and a member of the group. It caused a rift within the stable as the remaining members tried to voice their opinions on Bully Ray's clouded judgments after he started his relationship with Tessmacher and ousted Mr. Anderson. On the episode aired on September 26, Knux called out Bully Ray again for hanging around with Tessmacher rather than taking care of the remaining members, and barred him from participation from the next tag match against The Main Event Mafia. Later in the night, after Aces & Eights were defeated by the Main Event Mafia after Samoa Joe forced Wes Brisco to submit, Bully Ray came to the ring and told Brisco that he was out of Aces and Eights, but Brisco refused to hand his kutte over to Ray. Ray then hit Brisco with a Clothesline and a Piledriver, after which Knux and Bischoff, after some hesitation, eventually took Brisco's kutte off and gave it to Ray. At Bound for Glory 2013, despite interference from Dixie Carter and the Aces & Eights, Bully Ray lost the TNA World Heavyweight Championship to AJ Styles. On the October 24 episode of "Impact", Mr. Anderson returned and cost Bully Ray his rematch with Styles for the World Heavyweight Championship.
On the November 14 edition of "Impact", Mr. Anderson challenged Bully Ray to a No Disqualification match with the stipulation that if Ray loses, the Aces are gone but if Anderson loses, he must leave. They announced it was going to be for next week's "Impact Wrestling: Turning Point". The same day Anderson came out and gave Garett Bischoff a piledriver on the stage. At "Impact Wrestling: Turning Point", Anderson defeated Ray in a No Disqualification match. Due to the stipulations of the match, the stable disbanded.

</doc>
<doc id="36561317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561317" title="Nughab, Torbat-e Heydarieh">
Nughab, Torbat-e Heydarieh

Nughab (, also Romanized as Nūghāb; also known as Nūqāb and Noqāb) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 902, in 222 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36561323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561323" title="Pulp stones">
Pulp stones

Pulp stone or denticles are nodular, calcified masses appearing in either or both in coronal and root portion of the pulp organ in teeth.
They are classified:
True denticles are formed by odontoblasts. 
False denticles are formed by an accumulation of mineral around debris, often in a concentric manner.

</doc>
<doc id="36561335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561335" title="Ivan Mrkić">
Ivan Mrkić

Ivan Mrkić (, , born 30 May, 1953) is a Serbian diplomat and the former Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Early life and education.
Mrkić was born in Belgrade, Serbia, Yugoslavia, where he finished his elementary and secondary education. He graduated from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Law in 1977.
He speaks English and French.
Professional career.
Mrkić started his diplomatic career soon after graduation, with a job at the Federal Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Yugoslavia.
Between 1979 and 1982, Mrkić worked as a clerk in the Administration of International Relations of the Federal Ministry for Foreign Affairs. He attended a United Nations Disarmament Fellowship in Geneva, Vienna, New York, and Boston during those years as well. 
He continued on in the roles of counselor, then Assistant Chief of the Division of Multilateral Activities. He was also a participant in United Nations General Assembly sessions, as well as in the delegation at the Ninth Conference of the Non Aligned Movement in Belgrade in 2012.
Mrkić continued his diplomatic service in Brussels, where he served as the Minister Counselor for the Yugoslav mission to the European Community between 1990 and 1992. During that period, he participated in the work of the Conference on the former Yugoslavia in the Hague and Brussels.
From 1992 to 1993, Mrkić served as Chief of the Cabinet under Dobrica Ćosić, the first President of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
In 1993, Mrkić was appointed to the office of the Yugoslav Embassy's chargé d'affaires in Cyprus, after which he became the Yugoslav Ambassador in Nicosia, Cyprus, where he remained until 1999. He then shifted into an ambassadorial role as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Belgrade, and became Deputy Head for Bilateral Affairs in 2000. In 2001, he accepted an appointment as Head of Bilateral Relations and Assistant to the Federal Minister of Foreign Affairs. 
Starting in 2004, Mrkić joined a group of ambassadors for special and ad hoc duties in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the then Serbia and Montenegro.
In 2005, he served as President of the National Commission for the Implementation of the Chemical Weapons Convention, appointed by the Council of Ministers of Serbia and Montenegro.
In 2006, Ivan Mrkić was appointed as Ambassador of the Republic of Serbia to Tokyo, Japan, where he served his diplomatic tenure until 2011.
After completion of his service in Japan in 2011, Ambassador Mrkić was appointed State Secretary in the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Serbia under his predecessor Vuk Jeremić, where he stayed until his appointment as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Minister of Foreign Affairs.
On 27 July, 2012, Mrkić was appointed as the Serbian Minister of Foreign Affairs in the cabinet of Prime Minister Ivica Dačić. 
He was appointed as a career diplomat and independent candidate, not aligned with any party, but was endorsed by Serbian Progressive Party.
Immediately after his appointment, Mrkić acknowledged that there would be no changes in Serbia’s foreign policy. He explained that a foundation for foreign policy would remain, preserving territorial integrity and sovereignty, and that the priority would be fully-fledged European Union membership. 
"We know what our foundations and priorities are and we point out our pathway toward the EU membership and that is not any different than it was in the previous period." Mrkić gave this quote during an interview with Serbian Broadcaster B92. When asked about the future relations with Moscow and Washington, he said, "Serbia has exceptionally good relations with Russia while it wanted to deepen and improve the existing solid partnership with the U.S." When it came to regional cooperation and good neighborly relations, Mrkić stated, "I expect that there will be intensive communication with colleagues from the neighboring countries in the future period and that we will be seeing each other at numerous meetings."
Personal life.
Ivan Mrkić is married to Ivona, and they have two children: Mirko and Marko.

</doc>
<doc id="36561341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561341" title="Robert Burdett (died 1549)">
Robert Burdett (died 1549)

Robert Burdett (by 1510-1549), of Bramcote, Warwickshire, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Leicester 1542, Leicestershire 1545 and Warwickshire 1547.

</doc>
<doc id="36561344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561344" title="Race Imboden">
Race Imboden

Race Imboden (born April 17, 1993 in Tampa, Florida) is an American foil fencer and menswear fashion model.
Personal life.
Imboden was born in Tampa, Florida. His parents gave him his name after the "Jonny Quest" character Race Bannon. He moved to Atlanta at a young age. His first sports were skateboard and BMX; a skating accident left him with a crooked nose and a scar on his lip. He was playing with a toy sword in a park when a stranger suggested his parents that he take up fencing. Shortly afterwards his family moved to Park Slope, Brooklyn, New York City.
Imboden joined the Fencer's Club in Manhattan, where he first met Jed Dupree and Dan Kellner, both of whom were foil fencing athletes in the 2004 Summer Olympics. Both men would later work with Race as a student. Imboden was educated at the Dwight School, which supported his budding sports career. He fought his first international competition at age 14 and later earned the bronze medal in the cadet (U17) world fencing championships in 2010. After graduating High School in spring 2011 he decided not to go to Notre Dame, with which he had signed a letter of intent, but to take a year off to focus on his training. Race Imboden is now a member of the Brooklyn Bridge Fencing Club, in the DUMBO section of Brooklyn with Dan Kellner as his coach.
Imboden's other passion is hip hop. He interned at independent label Fool's Gold in 2012 and is a DJ in his spare time. He began modelling after being scouted by an agent during the London Olympics. In 2013 he made models.com's "hot list" of the most in-demand newcomers in the business.
Career.
Imboden won the 2011 Men's Foil National championship in Portland, Oregon and won the gold medal in individual and team foil at the 2011 and 2012 Pan American Fencing Championships. He took part in the 2012 Summer Olympic Games in London, finishing 9th after being eliminated by Andrea Baldini of Italy.
In 2013 Imboden won the Gold Medal at the 2013 Copa Villa La Habana, his first World Cup title, breaking a 14-year drought of US Foil World Cup Champions. He is now one of two US men's foil fencers to have won a World Cup competition. In June of the same year he won a silver medal in the Pan American fencing Championships in Cartagena after being defeated in the final by his teammate Gerek Meinhardt. At the 2013 World Fencing Championships in Budapest Imboden was defeated in the table of 16 by Ukraine's Rostyslav Hertsyk, who later earned a bronze medal. He took part in the team event for the United States, who lost the final to Italy and took the silver medal. Imboden finished 10th in the 2012-2013 FIE world rankings.
Imboden began the 2013–2014 season win a silver medal finish in the 2013 World Combat Games. He won his second USA Division-1 National Championship title in April 2014, defeating David Willette 15-6.

</doc>
<doc id="36561348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561348" title="Saveh, Razavi Khorasan">
Saveh, Razavi Khorasan

Saveh (, also Romanized as Şa‘veh; also known as Şavah) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 90, in 25 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36561358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561358" title="Ekkalam">
Ekkalam

The ekkalam is an aerophone instrument mainly used in Tamil Nadu, India. It consists of a large brass tube with one end having a bell. This instrument produces sound by vibration of air injected by the player, altering the pitch by changing the lip tension and the power of air flow. It is played in temple festivals or celebrations. Most of the sound produced travels straight outward from the bell. It is played along with a drum or another ekkalam.

</doc>
<doc id="36561378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561378" title="The Federation of Private Entrepreneurs of La Paz">
The Federation of Private Entrepreneurs of La Paz

The Federation of Private Entrepreneurs of La Paz (Federación de Empresarios Privados de la Paz, FEPLP), is a civil association, independent and autonomous, that represents all the private business in the Department of La Paz, Bolivia. A non-profit organization, the Federation of Private Entrepreneurs of La Paz was founded on November 25, 1993, as a result of the necessity to protect and represent private entrepreneurs and their chambers in La Paz, as well as to promote economic and social development in La Paz.
About the FEPLP.
As a membership organization, FEPLP´s lobby and advocacy efforts are on behalf of private chambers and business associations. 
Since March 24, 2011, the President of the Federation of Private Entrepreneurs of La Paz has been Dr. Luis Urquizo Valdivia, and the current Executive Director is Soraya Fernández Jáurgeui. President Urquizo's priorities involve increasing private sector participation in the development of La Paz, as well as looking for public and private partnerships to achieve this goal.
The FEPLP´s mission is to group and lead business organizations in the Department of La Paz, offer support, and represent their interests through the creation of initiatives that promote the environment for economic growth.
2012 FEPLP affiliates include:
2013 FEPLP affiliates include:
Recent initiatives.
In 2011, the FEPLP was part of the jury panel for the Business Award "La Paz - Leader" 2011 "Promoting productivity and business competitiveness"
From 2011 to 2012, the FELPLP worked on the initiative Forum for the Development of the Department of La Paz, A partnership with government entities, foundations, and other organizations to undertake and design actions to articulate all different levels of government and public entities, and to prioritize actions that would lead to the development of La Paz. The main participants were: the Association of Organizations of Ecological Producers of Bolivia (la Asociación de Organizaciones de Productores Ecológicos de Bolivia, AOPEB), the Joint Committee of Campesino Economic Organizations (Coordinadora Integral de Organizaciones Económicas Campesinas, CIOEC), the Federation of Private Entrepreneurs of La Paz (FEPLP), the government of La Paz, the Jubilee Foundation, the University of San Andrés (Universidad de San Andrés), and the Autonomous Government of the Municipality of La Paz (Gobierno Autónomo Municipal de La Paz, GAMLP),). The FEPLP then coordinated roundtables to further discuss the topics concluded at the Forum. The priority areas taken into consideration were energy, tourism, textiles, water, organic food production, and the importance of improving productive supply chains.
Some of the sponsors of the Forum were the Embassy of Denmark, PNUD Art Bolivia, Al Invest IV Region Andina, and National Chamber of Commerce, Bolivia.

</doc>
<doc id="36561387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561387" title="Chairman of Committees (New Zealand Legislative Council)">
Chairman of Committees (New Zealand Legislative Council)

The Chairman of Committees was an elected position of the New Zealand Legislative Council. The role was established in 1865 and existed until the abolition of the Legislative Council. The roles of the Chairman of Committees were to deputise for the Speaker, and to chair the House when it was in committee. The role of Chairman of Committees also existed for the House of Representatives.
Appointment.
Initially, the Legislative Council elected its Chairman of Committees at the beginning of each parliamentary session, with the Legislative Council and the House of Representatives meeting at the same time. The Standing Orders were adjusted in 1928, providing for a three-year tenure in alignment with the electoral cycle of the House of Representatives.
Office holders.
The following is a list of Chairmen of Committees of the Legislative Council:

</doc>
<doc id="36561427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561427" title="Henry Poole (died 1580)">
Henry Poole (died 1580)

Henry Poole (by 15261580), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Wootton Bassett during October 1553.

</doc>
<doc id="36561435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561435" title="Venezuelan Episcopal Conference">
Venezuelan Episcopal Conference

The Venezuelan Episcopal Conference (CEV) is a permanent institution. Its stated aim is, according to Second Vatican Council, associated with the Bishops of the Republic to exercise together, as an expression of collegial spirit, certain pastoral functions on the faithful of their territory and to promote according to the rule of law, the greater good which the Catholic Church offers humankind, especially through forms and programs of the apostolate fittingly adapted to the circumstances of time and place.
Base teacher.
The documents outline the very life and work of the 113 Episcopal Conferences, currently in the world, are: "Lumen Gentium" (23), "Christus Dominus" (37-38), "Ecclesiae Imago" (211), "Sanctae Ecclesiae" (41), "Apostolos Suos" and the Code of Canon Law (cc.447-459).
The decree Christus Dominus of Vatican II, on the Pastoral Office of Bishops in the Church (approved on October 28, 1965), devotes Chapter III Cooperation of Bishops to the common good of the other Churches. In particular, the numbers 37 and 38 refer to the Episcopal Conferences. Previously, the decree specifies: "From the first centuries of the Church, the bishops who were in charge of particular churches, moved by the communion of fraternal charity and zeal for the universal mission entrusted to the Apostles, joined forces and wills to promote the good of the particular Churches. " (Cf. 36).
Further emphasizes that, in modern times, the bishops find it very difficult to fulfill in a timely and fruitful mission "but work closely together with other bishops." The Council reminds the institution, in some nations, of the Episcopal Conferences, which have allowed a more coordinated and apostolate, therefore, more fruitful, so that "this sacred Council thinks should be large so that in all the earth , the Bishops of the same nation or region are grouped into single board (assembly), meeting at stated times, in order to communicate the lights of prudence and experience, to deliberate together to form a holy force cooperation for the common good of the churches "(cf. 37).
Immediately enacts, among other things, concerning: - the objectives of the Episcopal Conference (cf. 38, 1), - to whom belong to them (cf. 38, 2) - to the rules: Each Conference shall prepare their own, to be approved by the Apostolic See, and shall be laid in the various agencies that compose it (cf. 38, 3), - the decisions made, so when they are approved and shall be binding (cf. 38, 4); In accordance with the provisions of Council's decree, it should proceed in each country, to organize the respective Episcopal Conferences.
In July 1973 (see Church of Venezuela, Year I, No. 1), see the Bulletin of the Permanent Secretariat of the Bishops of Venezuela. In this Bulletin is collected, from birth, all concerning the Venezuelan Episcopal Conference.
Indeed, in No. 2 (November 1973, p. 15-20), broadly outlined the Plenary Meeting of the Venezuelan Episcopal Conference, held from 9 to July 14, 1973-sort of constituent -. On pages 15 to 20 of this issue, disclosed the STATUTES OF THE VENEZUELAN BISHOPS, preceded by a brief note that says: The Venezuelan Episcopal Conference, on the 12th. Meeting of its last Plenary Assembly (14/07/73) approved the new statutes of the same ... And he adds: Here are the new Constitution, preceded by the Decree of the Sacred Congregation for Bishops for which are ratified. On the next page published (in Latin) to the Decree of the Sacred Congregation for Bishops, issued in Rome on September 29, 1973, are the statutes, which include the following chapters:
1. PURPOSE AND ORGANS OF THE CONFERENCE.
2. PLENARY ASSEMBLY.
3. PERMANENT CENTRAL COMMITTEE
4. SPECIAL COMMISSIONS
5. SECRETARIAD PERMANENT.
6. MISCELLANEOUS.
FIRST ASSEMBLY PLENARY MEETING OF THE VENEZUELAN BISHOPS, under the new Constitution, was held from 7 to 12 January 1974, starting the enumeration of the Episcopal Assemblies currently in effect. The Venezuelan Episcopal Conference consisted of:
Directive.
Presidency of the CEV. January 2009 - January 2012. Standing Committee
Members of the CEV.
Members of the Venezuelan Episcopal Conference (CEV) are: 

</doc>
<doc id="36561438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561438" title="1973–74 Leicester City F.C. season">
1973–74 Leicester City F.C. season

During the 1973–74 English football season, Leicester City F.C. competed in the Football League First Division.
Season summary.
The 1973–74 season was a solid one for Leicester, starting the league well going eight matches unbeaten. There was also some entrancing entertainment served up but too many draws prevented the Foxes from challenging for a UEFA Cup place and had to settle for a creditable 9th place finish. Their main highlight was the FA Cup by reaching their sixth semi-final in their history, to set up an ensuing tie with favourites Liverpool. They held the Reds to a 0-0 draw at Old Trafford with a solid defensive display to set up an interesting replay at Villa Park but despite equalising through Len Glover after being 1-0 down, it ended in disappointment as the Foxes suffered a 3-1 defeat.
Final league table.
P = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GA = Goal average; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points
Results.
"Leicester City's score comes first"
Squad.
[http://www.11v11.com/teams/leicester-city/tab/players/season/1974]

</doc>
<doc id="36561439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561439" title="Seneqerim-Hovhannes of Vaspurakan">
Seneqerim-Hovhannes of Vaspurakan

Seneqerim-Hovhannes Artsruni (), also found variously as Senekerim-John, Sennecherim or Sennacherib-John, was the sixth and last King of Vaspurakan, from the Artsruni dynasty. On the death of his father Abusahl-Hamazasp in 968, the kingdom was divided among his three sons, and Ashot-Sahak, as the eldest, retained the royal title and the suzerainty over his younger brothers. On his death, royal power was usurped by the second son, Gurgen-Khachik, who reigned as king until his own death in 1003. At that point, Hovhannes-Seneqerim also withheld power from his nephews and crowned himself king.
His authority was weak, as the result of the successive usurpations, and his realm was increasingly threatened by Turkmen attacks. He therefore appealed to the protection of the Byzantine emperor Basil II, and in 1021 he handed over his entire kingdom in exchange for vast domains in Sebasteia, where he and 14,000 of his retainers settled. The Kingdom of Vaspurakan became the Byzantine theme of Vasprakania or Media.

</doc>
<doc id="36561444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561444" title="Elias White">
Elias White

Elias N. White (June 26, 1826 - ?) was an American farmer and produce dealer from Burlington, Wisconsin who spent three one-year terms (1874-1876) as a "People's Reform" member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Background.
White was born June 26, 1826, in Lyons, New York, where he received a common school education. H became a farmer and produce dealer; and moved from New York state to Waukegan, Illinois in 1852, and from there to Lyons in Walworth County, Wisconsin in 1860. He was postmaster in Lyons for four years before moving from Lyons to Burlington in 1868.
Elective office.
He served two years as chairman of the town board of Burlington, and on the Racine County, Wisconsin board of supervisors; and was twice elected chairman of the county board. He ran for the Assembly for the second Racine County district in 1871 as a Democrat, losing to Republican William Vail Moore with 970 votes to Moore's 1184. He was elected in 1873 as part of the "Reform" or "People's Reform" party, a coalition of Democrats, reform and Liberal Republicans, and Grangers, which secured the election of William Robert Taylor as Governor in 1873; with 1,106 votes, against 1,005 for Republican John Balloch (Republican incumbent Richard Richards was not a candidate for re-election). He was assigned to the standing committees on insurance, banks and banking; and on assessment and collection of taxes. He was re-elected in 1874 (1430 votes to 1199 for former Assemblyman Republican Hiram D. Morse) and again in 1875, receiving 1,054, against 1,003 for Republican Peter Meyers. He was not a candidate for re-election in 1876, and was succeeded by Republican John T. Rice.

</doc>
<doc id="36561446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561446" title="Henry Poole (died 1559)">
Henry Poole (died 1559)

Henry Poole (died 1559), was an English politician.
He was the eldest son of Henry Poole of Chesterfield, Derbyshire.
He served as a Justice of the Peace for Leicestershire from 1538 until his death, was commissioner for musters in 1539 and 1546 and commissioner for relief in 1550. He was elected a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Leicestershire in April 1554. He was appointed High Sheriff of Warwickshire and Leicestershire for 1558-59 but died during the latter year. His term of office was completed by his brother-in-law Brian Cave.
He married Dorothy, the daughter of Richard Cave of Stanford, Northamptonshire, and the widow of John Smith of Withcote. They had one son.

</doc>
<doc id="36561455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561455" title="Ghonchi, Iran">
Ghonchi, Iran

Ghonchi (, also Romanized as Ghonchī; also known as Qonchī) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 157, in 43 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36561457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561457" title="Richard Manners">
Richard Manners

Sir Richard Manners (by 1510 - 9 February 1551) of Garendon Park, Leicestershire, was an English politician.
He was born before 1510, a younger son of George Manners, 11th Lord Ros and Anne, the daughter and heiress of Sir Thomas St. Leger of Guildford, Surrey and brought up in the household of his great-uncle Sir Thomas Lovell.
He entered court on Lovell’s death in 1524. He was an esquire of the body by 1539-44 or later, a cupbearer in the household of Queen Anne of Cleves in 1540 and a member of the Council of the North in 1542. He was also elected a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Leicestershire in 1542. He held a number of commissions and served as deputy-warden of the east and middle Scottish Marches in 1548.
In 1539 he married, Margaret, the daughter of Sir Robert Dymoke of Scrivelsby, Lincolnshire and widow of Richard Vernon of Haddon, Derbyshire and of (Sir) William Coffin of Portledge, Devon and Bakewell, Derbyshire which brought him the estate at Garendon Park, near Loughborough. He was knighted the same year and was appointed High Sheriff of Warwickshire and Leicestershire for 1549–50.
He died childless in London in 1551 and was succeeded by his nephew, Henry Manners, 2nd Earl of Rutland.

</doc>
<doc id="36561473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561473" title="Mast Ali, Iran">
Mast Ali, Iran

Mast Ali (, also Romanized as Mast ‘Alī) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36561477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561477" title="Clarence Louie">
Clarence Louie

Clarence Louie is a Canadian First Nations leader and businessman. Louie has been the chief of the Osoyoos Indian Band in British Columbia’s Okanagan for ten terms, the first beginning in 1985. He has been credited with contributing to the economic success of the small community, and has received regional, national, and international recognition, including the Order of British Columbia in 2004.
Early life.
Louie was born near Oliver in 1960 and raised on the Osoyoos reserve by a single mother. Due to high unemployment, many adults in the community had to work as transient labourers on fruit orchards in nearby Washington State. Louie was forced to be self-sufficient during his childhood years. At age 19, he left British Columbia and enrolled in First Nations University in Regina, Saskatchewan. He then studied Native Studies at the University of Lethbridge in Alberta. After receiving his degree, he returned to the Okanagan.
Tenure as Chief.
At 24 years of age, Louie was elected as chief of the Osoyoos Indian Band. The Band has 450 members, and controls of land. He started the Osoyoos Indian Band Development Corporation (OIBDC) in 1988. Through the corporation's efforts, the previously impoverished band started or acquired nine businesses, including tourism, construction, and recreation companies. The Band now employs 700 people including non-First Nations. A high-profile business started by the OIBDC during Louie's tenure is Nk'Mip Cellars, the first aboriginal-owned winery in North America.
Louie has served 10 terms as of 2012, winning every election but one since 1985. He consulted with federal finance minister Jim Flaherty in 2008 on matters of economic development. He is a two-term chair of the National Aboriginal Economic Development Board. In 2003, Louie was chosen by the U.S. Department of State as one of six Canadian First Nations leaders to review economic development in American Indian communities. In 2004, he received the Order of British Columbia. Louie has also been involved in land claim settlements with the provincial government.

</doc>
<doc id="36561479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561479" title="Karacaoğlan, Mut">
Karacaoğlan, Mut

Karacaoğlan is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated in Toros Mountains to the east of Mut and to the south of Sason canyon. It is a rather desolate village the distance to Mut is and to Mersin is . The population of the village is 383 as of 2011. The population of the village is composed of Turkmens. The former name of the village was Çukur. But after the tomb of the famous Turkish folk poet Karacaoğlan (1606-1680) was discovered in the village graveyard, it was renamed after Karacaoğlan. Main economic activity of Karacaoğlan is agriculture..

</doc>
<doc id="36561481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561481" title="HOBBIES (electromagnetic solver)">
HOBBIES (electromagnetic solver)

HOBBIES is a general purpose electromagnetic solver for various of applications. The name is an acronym for Higher Order Basis Based Integral Equation Solver. The software is based on the Method of Moments (MoM), and it employs higher order polynomials as the basis functions for the frequency domain integral equation solver. The higher-order basis functions can significantly reduce the number of unknowns compared with the traditional piece-wise basis functions, e.g., Rao-Wiltion-Glisson triangular patch basis functions (RWGs).
HOBBIES can be used to solve various types of electromagnetic field problems including antenna design, antenna placement, scattering analysis, EMI/EMC analysis, etc.. And the software pioneered the commercial implementation of parallel computation for solving extremely electrically large problems using modest computational resources.
External links.
www.mbc3.net

</doc>
<doc id="36561485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561485" title="One Off (OVA)">
One Off (OVA)

Story.
The story follows a young girl named Haruno Shiozaki and her friends who enjoy motorcycles and one day meet a curious motorcyclist named Cynthia.

</doc>
<doc id="36561486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561486" title="Nezamiyeh, Iran">
Nezamiyeh, Iran

Nezamiyeh (, also Romanized as Nez̧āmīyeh; also known as Kūlābād) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 441, in 105 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36561489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561489" title="John Villers">
John Villers

Sir John Villers (1485/1486 - 8 December 1544), of Brooksby Hall, Leicestershire, was an English politician.
He was the only son of Sir John Villers of Brooksby. He succeeded his father in 1506 and was knighted c.1515.
In 1520 he was with Henry VIII at the Field of Cloth of Gold and the meeting with Charles V at Gravelines and in 1522 served in the Picardy campaign. He returned to France ten years later for Henry VIII’s meeting with Francis I at Calais.
He served as a commissioner on many occasions during his lifetime. He was a Justice of the Peace for Leicestershire from 1514 to his death and appointed High Sheriff of Warwickshire and Leicestershire for 1531–32 and 1537–38. He was made a knight of the body by 1532-33 or later. He was elected a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Leicestershire in 1539.
He married Elizabeth, the daughter of John Winger of London, with whom he had a daughter. With no legitimate male heir, his bequeathed his lands at Brooksby and elsewhere to his brothers and an illegitimate son.

</doc>
<doc id="36561509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561509" title="Master Oats">
Master Oats

Master Oats (14 May 1986 – 21 May 2012) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. A specialist steeplechaser, he ran twenty-one time and won ten races. He was campaigned mainly at distances in excess of three miles and was particularly effective on soft or heavy ground. Over a period of sixteen months between November 1993 and March 1995 Master Oats won nine of his eleven races and improved from racing in minor handicaps to become the highest-rated staying chaser in Britain. His winning run culminated in a win in the 1995 Cheltenham Gold Cup. He also ran in three editions of the Grand National, twice carrying top weight. His later career was disrupted by injury and he failed to win again after his Gold Cup success. Master Oats was retired from racing in 1998 and died in 2012.
Background.
Master Oats was a chestnut horse with a narrow white stripe bred by Robin and Scarlett Knipe at the Cobhall Court Stud near Allensmore in Herefordshire. He was sired by Oats, a successful National Hunt stallion whose other progeny included the Champion Hurdle winner Flakey Dove.
Master Oats was sent to the Doncaster Sales as a foal in 1986 where he was sold for £6,000. He first raced in the colours of Mrs Hugh Maitland-Jones and was sent into training with Henrietta Knight. After one run in an amateur Point-to-point race he was moved to the Lambourn stable of Kim Bailey, who trained him throughout the rest of his racing career. Master Oats usually raced in a sheepskin noseband. Throughout his racing career, Master Oats suffered from a tendency to break blood vessels under stress, and therefore had to be trained with unusual care.
Racing career.
1991–1992: early career.
Unlike many steeplechasers, Master Oats never competed in National Hunt flat races or over hurdles. He ran once without success in an amateur point-to-point race before beginning his career under National Hunt rules in Novice chases. After being pulled-up at Newbury Racecourse in November, he was campaigned at minor tracks, winning at Southwell Racecourse and being place at Wolverhampton and Stratford.
After his first season, Master Oats' racing career was disrupted by injury and he was off the racecourse for eighteen months. During this time he entered into the ownership of Paul Matthews.
1993/1994 season.
Master Oats returned in November 1993 with an official rating of 107, placing him approximately sixty pounds below championship class. He began in a handicap race at Uttoxeter Racecourse and won by a length and a half despite breaking a blood vessel. This was the first occasion on which he was ridden by Norman Williamson who became his regular jockey. In late December he won a similar event at Huntingdon Racecourse by twelve lengths under top weight of 165 pounds and then finished second at Wincanton in January. Later that month he won a handicap at Lingfield Park by two lengths despite being eased down by Williamson at the finish. Master Oats' rating had moved up to 137 by this time although his most valuable race win had earned bis owners less than £4,000.
Master Oats next race saw him take on much stronger opposition in the Greenalls Gold Cup over three and a half miles at Sandown Park. The race was considered a trial for the Grand National and attracted leading chasers including Garrison Savannah (Cheltenham Gold Cup), Young Hustler (RSA Chase) and Moorcroft Boy (Scottish Grand National). Williamson sent Master Oats into the lead four fences from the finish and the gelding "turned the race into a procession" (according to "The Independent") staying on strongly on the soft ground to win by fifteen lengths. At Aintree Racecourse on 9 April, Master Oats started third favourite of the thirty-six runners in the 1994 Grand National at odds of 9/1, and was expected to be ideally suited by the heavy ground. Master Oats appeared to be going well and was moving up towards the leaders when he fell at the thirteenth fence of the race won by Miinnehoma. The horse was not injured and returned two weeks later to end his season with a very easy win under top weight win in a race at Perth.
1994/1995 season.
Master Oats first run of the 1994/95 season saw him pitted against the 1992 Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Cool Ground and the 1992 Grand National winner Party Politics in the Rehearsal Chase at Chepstow. He took the lead at the eleventh fence and stayed on to repel the challenge of Party Politics by four lengths. On New Year's Eve Master Oats started 5/2 joint favourite for the Welsh National over three and three quarter miles on heavy ground. The race was moved to Newbury from its traditional venue at Chepstow, where racing had been abandoned owing to the weather and ground conditions. Williamson sent him into the lead four fences from the finish and the horse steadily increased his lead to win by twenty lengths from Earth Summit. After the race he was heavily backed for the Cheltenham Gold Cup, and bookmakers responded by cutting his odds from 16/1 to 9/2 favourite. The ground remained heavy in January when Master Oats contested the Pillar Property Chase at Cheltenham, starting favourite ahead of the King George VI Chase winner Barton Bank. On his first appearance at the course, Master Oats went clear of his opponents two fences from the finish and won by fifteen lengths from the mare Dubacilla with Barton Bank third. Following this race Timeform rated Master Oats as the best long-distance chaser in training by a margin of six pounds and described him as looking "all over a Gold Cup winner".
Master Oats went to the 1995 Cheltenham Festival having won four consecutive long distance chases, all on soft or heavy ground. In the Cheltenham Gold Cup he was reopposed by Barton Bank, Dubacilla, Young Hustler and Miinnehoma, but his biggest rival in the betting was Jodami who had won the race in 1993 and finished second to The Fellow in 1994. The ground conditions were among the most testing ever seen at the course and one fence was omitted for safety reasons. Master Oats jumped poorly in the early stages but recovered to take the lead two fences out, overtaking the Irish challenger Merry Gale. He had established a clear lead at the final obstacle and stayed on strongly up the Cheltenham hill to win by fifteen lengths from Dubacilla. The win made Bailey and Williamson the first trainer-jockey combination in forty-five years to win the two most important races at the festival, having won the Champion Hurdle with Alderbrook two days earlier. Williamson, who admitted to having been concerned in the early stages, celebrated with a flying dismount before describing the win as "what I've dreamed of all my life."
A change in the weather meant that the soft ground which had prevailed throughout the season had changed to "good" ground by the time that the 1995 Grand National was run three and a half weeks later. Despite the unfavourable ground and top weight of 164 pounds, Master Oats started 5/1 favourite against thirty-four opponents. Williamson positioned the gelding on the far outside of the field and moved forward into second place behind the eventual winner Royal Athlete at Becher's Brook on the second circuit. Master Oats was still in second at the penultimate obstacle, but faded in the closing stages to finish seventh, sixteen lengths behind the winner. Bailey later said that Master Oats was in better form for the National than he had been in the Gold Cup and that "if he'd had his ground, he would have won by half the track."
1995–1997: later career.
Master Oats' subsequent career was a disappointment, as he never reproduced the form he showed in 1994 and early 1995. On his first start of the 1995/1996 season he ran inexplicably badly before being pulled up in the Rehearsal Chase. He finished a distant third to One Man in the King George VI Chase at Sandown Park in January 1996 and second to Imperial Call when favourite for the Hennessy Gold Cup a month later. He then sustained a leg injury which prevented him from defending the Gold Cup and ruled him out for the rest of the season.
After a break of more than a year, Master Oats returned to racing with the Grand National as his objective. He started favourite for the Grand National Trial Chase at Punchestown Racecourse in February 1997 but was pulled up three fences from the finish. Despite his lack of recent success, he was again allotted top weight of 164 pounds for the 1997 Grand National. He ran well for much of the way before finishing fifth of the thirty-six runners behind Lord Gyllene. According to Williamson, "Only sheer courage got him home. He was knackered but it was almost as good as winning." The following year, Master Oats' was taking part in a hunt when he sustained a serious tendon injury which ended his racing career.
Retirement.
Master Oats spent his retirement at the home of Lord Leigh near Adlestrop in Gloucestershire, where he was reportedly popular with the villagers. In 2010, he took part in a parade of former champions at the Cheltenham Festival. Master Oats died of a heart attack on 21 May 2012 at the age of twenty-six and was buried at Adlestrop.
Assessment and honours.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Master Oats a "superior" Gold Cup winner and the twenty-third best steeplechaser of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="36561517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561517" title="Daniel Fischlin">
Daniel Fischlin

Daniel Fischlin is a University Research Chair and Full Professor of English and Theatre Studies at the University of Guelph.
Fischlin has a BFA in Music Performance, an MA in Interdisciplinary Studies (Musicology/English Literature; Concordia University), and a PhD in English Literature (York University), with a dissertation on the English lute song directed by Richard Hillman. In addition to his research activities in the arts and humanities he has been active as a musician for most of his life, most recently with the free-improvisation group, the Vertical Squirrels.
Research.
Fischlin’s specialty is early modern Renaissance studies. His experience teaching Shakespeare has led to a number of projects including "Adaptations of Shakespeare: A Critical Anthology of Plays from the 17th Century to the Present", co-edited with Mark Fortier, published in 2000 by Routledge. Additionally he is the founder and director of the Canadian Adaptations of Shakespeare Project (CASP), the largest online resource in the world for the study of Shakespeare’s relation to a national theatrical practice. The website was launched in 2004 and expanded in August 2007.
In early 2009, he launched the Shakespeare Made in Canada Virtual Exhibit, which he curated at the MacDonald Stewart Arts Centre, in Guelph, ON. The Exhibit houses a multitude of resources (film, photographs, and other multimedia) that document the relationship between Canadian culture and Shakespeare. It brought together, for the first time, hundreds of rare artifacts, including the Canadian-owned Sanders Portrait of Shakespeare, contemporary Canadian theatre designs, Shakespeare in French Canada, contemporary Aboriginal adaptations of Shakespeare, new portraiture, an innovative learning commons for youth, as well as new and archival material from the CASP project. The exhibit inspired the publication of a book, "Shakespeare Made in Canada: Contemporary Canadian Adaptations in Theatre, Pop Media, and Visual Arts", which documented the Shakespeare Made in Canada Exhibit and was edited by Fischlin and co-curator Judith Nasby.
Fischlin has experience in humanities computing design and innovation. Among others, he has been creator and designer on a number of online projects including literacy games for youth, interactive readers, content-based site design, and the Romeo + Juliet app, released in 2011 on the Apple iOS platform for iPhone, iPad, and iPod. Fischlin was also the lead designer/creator/producer of ‘Speare, an online 3D video game for youth that teaches Shakespearean literacy, launched in April 2007. He was also the creative mind behind the online literacy game "Chronos", launched in the fall of 2008 on the CASP site. Additionally, Fischlin played a key role in the 2008 film "Battle of Wills" by Anne Henderson, documenting the steps taken to authenticate the Sanders Portrait of Shakespeare.
Music.
Fischlin is active as a musician and has recorded most recently with the Vertical Squirrels, an instant composition, free improvisation collective he co-founded with Ajay Heble, Lewis Melville, and Rob Wallace. 
The Vertical Squirrels is “a Canadian free improvisation musical collective dedicated to diverse musical expressions as a teaching and learning tool––and also as a vehicle for building community and establishing positive dialogue across personal, cultural, linguistic, geographic, and political barriers.” Initially conceived as an informal outlet to get Heble back into playing piano after years of curating the Guelph Jazz Festival (but rarely performing himself), the Squirrels quickly morphed into a recording and gigging band focused on their distinctive brand of in-the-moment improvisation. Since then, the Vertical Squirrels have performed, playlisted, and reviewed internationally. 
The band's first CD, "Hold True (Accroche-toi!)" was released in 2010 on the Montreal-based label Ambiances Magnétiques and their second CD, "Winter’s Gate", was released in 2011 under the BarCode Free label. The band’s latest endeavor is an album in collaboration with Grammy-nominated Canadian jazz musician Jane Bunnett, as well as Larry Cramer, Ben Grossman, and Scott Merritt, forthcoming in 2013.
Works.
Fischlin has co-edited two books on the socio-political implications of improvised creative musics with Ajay Heble, project director of the MCRI research project, 'Improvisation, Community, and Social Practice'. These are The Other Side of Nowhere: Jazz, Improvisation, and Communities in Dialogue and Rebel Musics: Human Rights, Resistant Sounds, and the Politics of Music Making. He has also published two other books that study the relations between music and literary texts and music, nationalism, and gender and has published 14 books with several forthcoming across a range of disciplines including human rights, literary theory and biography, Latin American studies, and Jacobean studies. University presses with whom he has published include Oxford University Press, Columbia University Press, Duke University Press, Wesleyan University Press, and Wayne State University Press.
Fischlin's most recent books, co-authored with Martha Nandorfy, include The Concise Guide to Global Human Rights (Oxford University Press and Black Rose Books, 2007), and sequel to that book entitled The Community of Rights / The Rights of Community (also with Oxford University Press and Black Rose Books). These latter two books are part of the "Rights Trilogy,' co-authored with Nandorfy, which focuses on rights theory from the perspective of storytelling, principles of earth democracy, and a critique of conventional discourses of rights that exclude the environment. 
The first book in the trilogy, Eduardo Galeano: Through the Looking Glass was the first full-length, critical study of the Uruguayan writer Eduardo Galeano, author of the Memory of Fire trilogy, and of the ground-breaking political critique Open Veins of Latin America. Part political biography, part cultural theory, Fischlin's and Nandorfy's book examines events that shaped Galeano's life through the lens of the rights implications embedded in the stories he tells—from his close personal friendship with Allende, through the dictatorships in Uruguay and Argentina that forced him into exile, to the ongoing relationship between Galeano and Subcomandante Marcos, leader of the Chiapas rebellion.
Published with Duke University Press is another co-authored book (with Ajay Heble and George Lipsitz) that addresses rights issues in relation to improvisation and musical discourses associated with jazz, entitled The Fierce Urgency of Now: Improvisation, Rights, and the Ethics of Co-creation. Another forthcoming book is OuterSpeares: Shakespeare, Intermedia, and the Limits of Adaptation, which examines the relations between Shakespearean adaptation and intermedia. Fischlin is also the General Editor of the new Duke University Press book series entitled Improvisation, Community, and Social Practice, featuring books written as part of the research outcomes associated with the MCRI project of the same name. He is a founding co-editor of Critical Studies in Improvisation/Études critiques en improvisation, a journal, which is an open-access, peer-reviewed, electronic, academic journal on improvisation, community, and social practice housed at the University of Guelph. In 2013, he was named as General Editor of the Oxford University Press re-edition of Shakespeare plays from a specifically Canadian scholarly perspective, Shakespeare Made in Canada.
List of Publications.
OuterSpeares: Shakespeare, Intermedia, and the Limits of Adaptation. Ed. Daniel Fischlin. (forthcoming University of Toronto Press, 2013).
“The Fierce Urgency of Now”: Improvisation, Rights, and the Ethics of Co-creation. Co-authored with Ajay Heble and George Lipsitz. Durham, NC: Duke University Press, (2013).
The Community of Rights • The Rights of Community. Co-authored with Martha Nandorfy. Montreal: Black Rose Books, 2011, and New Delhi: Oxford University Press, 2012. 
Improvisation, Human Rights, and the Politics of Hope. Co-authored with Ajay Heble and George Lipsitz. Wesleyan University Press, 2010.
A Concise Guide to Global Human Rights. Co-authored with Martha Nandorfy. New Delhi: Oxford University Press, 2007. (Hardcover). Paperback Rpt. New Delhi: Oxford UP, 2012.
Creator and editor; The Interactive Folio and Study Guide: Romeo and Juliet. Canadian Adaptations of Shakespeare Project (April, 2007).
Shakespeare Made in Canada: Contemporary Canadian Adaptations in Theatre, Pop Media and Visual Arts. Co-editor with Judith Nasby. Guelph: Macdonald Stewart Art Centre, 2007. 
A Concise Guide to Global Human Rights. Co-authored with Martha Nandorfy. Montreal: Black Rose Books, 2006. (Hardcover and Softcover). 
The Other Side of Nowhere: Jazz, Improvisation, and Communities in Dialogue. Co-edited with Ajay Heble. Wesleyan University Press; Music/Culture Series, 2004. 
Rebel Musics: Human Rights, Resistant Sounds, and the Politics of Music Making. Co-edited with Ajay Heble. Montreal: Black Rose Books, 2003. 
Eduardo Galeano: Through the Looking Glass. Co-authored with Martha Nandorfy. Montreal: Black Rose Books; 2002. Published in conjunction with the Institute of Policy Alternatives of Montréal (IPAM). 
Royal Subjects: Essays on the Writings of James (VI)I. Co-edited with Mark Fortier; Foreword by Kevin Sharpe. Wayne State UP, 2002. 
Adaptations of Shakespeare: A Critical Anthology of Plays from the 17th Century to the Present. Co-edited with Mark Fortier. London: Routledge, 2000). 
In Small Proportions: A Poetics of the English Ayre, 1596-1622. Wayne State UP, 1998. Nominated for the ACLA Harry Levin Prize; the Roland A. Bainton Prize (AHA); the First Book Prize (MLA); the Phyllis Goodhart Gordan Book Prize (RSA); the British Council Prize in the Humanities; and the Greenberg Prize (AMS).
The Work of Opera: Genre, Nationhood, and Sexual Difference. Co-edited with Richard Dellamora. Columbia UP, 1997.
James I: The True Law of Free Monarchies and Basilikon Doron. Introduced, annotated, and co-edited with Mark Fortier. Tudor and Stuart Text Series. Toronto: Centre for Reformation and Renaissance Studies, 1996. 
Negation, Critical Theory, and Postmodern Textuality. Dordrecht: Kluwer, 1994.
Book Series Edited.
General Editor. Improvisation, Community, and Social Practice Series. Duke University Press. 2012 (ongoing).
General Editor. Shakespeare Made in Canada Series. Oxford University Press. 2013 (ongoing).
Awards.
Fischlin has won a number of teaching and research awards including:
• the OCUFA (Ontario Confederation of University Faculty Associations) Distinguished Teaching Award;
• the University of Guelph Faculty Association (UGFA) Distinguished Professor Award for Teaching;
• the University of Guelph College of Arts Teaching Excellence Award;
• the Premier’s Research Excellence Award (Government of Ontario), first-ever to be awarded to a researcher in the Humanities;
• several Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada (SSHRC) Standard Research Awards;
• and as a core researcher/applicant on the multi-million dollar Improvisation, Community, and Social Practice MCRI grant.

</doc>
<doc id="36561518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561518" title="Thomas Brokesby">
Thomas Brokesby

Thomas Brokesby (by 1483-1544 or later), of the Inner Temple, London and Leicester, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Leicester in 1529 and Leicestershire 1542.

</doc>
<doc id="36561519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561519" title="V Latin American Episcopal Conference and the Caribbean">
V Latin American Episcopal Conference and the Caribbean

The V Latin American Episcopal Conference and the Caribbean, or Conference of Aparecida, was opened by Pope Benedict XVI in Aparecida, on May 13 and ended on May 31 of 2007. The theme of the Fifth Conference was: "Disciples and Missionaries of Jesus Christ so that our peoples may have life in Him," inspired by a passage from the Gospel of John, who narrates "I am the Way, the Truth and the Life" (Jn 14, 6).
The Conference was convened by Pope John Paul II and specified by Benedict XVI. It was organized by the Latin American Episcopal Council, under the guidance of the Pontifical Commission for Latin America. The regulation of the Fifth Conference was approved on April 8, 2006.
The conference used a tool wiki for the preparation of texts for discussion.
The other four lectures were:
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil (July 25 to August 4 of 1955)
Medellin, Colombia (August 28 to September 6 of 1968)
Puebla, Mexico (January 27 to February 13 of 1979)
Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic (October 12 - October 28 of 1992), coinciding with the latter holding the five hundred year presence of the gospel in America.
See also.
Continental Mission

</doc>
<doc id="36561543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561543" title="Dietary management of Parkinson's disease">
Dietary management of Parkinson's disease

Parkinson's disease is the 2nd most prevalent neurological disorder within the United States and Europe, affecting around 1% of the population over the age of 60. While the link connecting the onset of Parkinson’s disease to environmental factors is known, the link between dietary patterns and the disease is just beginning to be researched more fully. Additionally, other research has sought to examine the symptoms of the disease and propose methods on how to alleviate these symptoms through changes in diet. Current medications that work to alleviate the symptoms of Parkinson’s disease can also be made more effective through changes in diet.
Background.
Parkinson’s disease is a degenerative disorder of the central nervous system that results due to the death of dopamine producing cells within the central nervous system. Because of the death of these cells, less dopamine is available within the brain, resulting in tremors and other side effects within motor functions. The reason for the deaths of these cells is a topic of current research, with some theories suggesting a contribution of oxidative stress due to free radicals and inflammation. Currently, there are no treatments to cure Parkinson’s disease, yet a variety of treatment options are available to alleviate the symptoms including medication and dietary changes.
Dietary prevention and neuroprotection.
Many theories of the cause of PD symptoms point to the death of dopamine producing neurons within the central nervous system due to oxidative stress. This oxidative stress is caused by metabolism and the production of molecules known as free radicals. Upon accumulation of these free radicals within the brain, they can cause damage to neurons. Additionally, dopamine producing neurons are particularly vulnerable to oxidative stress due to the relatively high levels of metabolism associated with the production of dopamine, resulting in comparatively higher amounts of free radicals being produced by these dopamine producing neurons. The effects of dopamine within the brain are widespread, including the control of voluntary motor control. With the death of these dopamine producing cells within an area of the mid brain known as the substantia nigra, the central nervous system has less control over the body, resulting in the tremors and rigidity seen in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Antioxidants are suggested to be useful in preventing PD because they scavenge free radicals such as reactive nitrogen and oxygen, preventing their build up and the destruction of dopamine producing neurons. Current research has attempted to link dietary patterns to the likelihood of developing Parkinson’s disease. Promising research shows that a diet consisting of foods typically associated with a Mediterranean diet may act as a preventative measure for the disease due to the high levels of antioxidants found in within these foods such as complex phenols, vitamins C and E, and carotenoids. A typical Mediterranean Diet consists of a high intake of vegetables, legumes, fruits, and cereals, olive oil (unsaturated fatty acids), fish and low to moderate intake of foods such as dairy, meats, poultry. Other research has shown that diets rich in dairy products result in a higher likelihood of developing Parkinson’s disease. Additionally, it has been seen that the intake of animal fats may be linked to the development of the disease. It has also been suggested that a diet that results in high plasma urate can result in a reduced risk of developing PD due to urate’s ability to reduce oxidative stresses by scavenging peroxynitrite and hydroxyl radicals.
Management of symptoms through diet.
Typical symptoms of the disease include bodily shaking, rigidity, slowness of movement, difficulty in movement, as well as other motor related symptoms. As the disease progresses, patients suffer from cognitive and behavior problems such as dementia, sensory impairment, sleep problems, and emotional issues. PD can have an effect on neurons that control the digestive process, so subjects may experience constipation and gastroparesis due to the disease. PD may also make a subject more tired in the later parts of the day, decreasing the likelihood to want to eat food and leading to further dietary problems.
No special diet is required for subjects with PD, yet a well balanced diet is beneficial due to the effects of increased energy and improved effectiveness of drugs. Additional, in research it has been shown that nutritionally healthy, balanced meals enable the most effective use of symptom reducing drugs. In order to cope with the decrease in energy that many patients express, smaller meals are recommended for such cases. A good diet includes high fiber foods (such as vegetables, dried peas, beans, whole grain foods, pasta, rice, and fresh fruit) in order to reduce constipation, low saturated fats and cholesterol, low sugar and salt intake, plenty of water, and limited alcohol intake.
Dietary considerations with medications.
Treatments are only effective in moderating the symptoms of the disease, mainly with drugs including levodopa (L-DOPA) and dopamine agonists. Once too many dopamine producing cells have been lost however, the effects of L-DOPA become less effective. Once this occurs, a complication known as dyskenesia commonly occurs in which subjects undergo involuntary writhing movements despite the use of L-DOPA. The effects of dyskenesia vary between periods of high symptoms and low symptoms. In order to limit the onset of dyskenesia, typical L-DOPA dosages are kept as low as possible while still achieving desired results. Lastly, in cases in which drugs are ineffective, deep brain stimulation and surgery can be used to reduce symptoms.
Levodopa is taken orally and is absorbed through the small intestines into the blood, competing for access with natural proteins. Additionally, once the drug has entered the blood stream, L-DOPA utilizes the same pathways to cross the blood brain barrier as natural protein. Only about 5 – 10% of levodopa crosses the blood brain barrier, while the remaining is metabolized elsewhere in the body. The metabolism of medications elsewhere is known to cause side effects such as nausea, dsykinesias, and stiffness.
In order to improve the effectiveness of PD drugs such as L-DOPA, a diet low in excessive protein is recommended since L-DOPA competes with these dietary proteins for access to the blood and brain. It is therefore recommended that the drug be taken so that it is not affected by digestion. It is recommended to take L-DOPA ideally 30 minutes before eating or at least 1 hour afterwards. A protein redistribution diet is sometimes recommended in which most protein should be eaten in the afternoon. However, with the development of dyskinesias the protein redistribution diet need not apply because slowing the absorption of L-DOPA may be beneficial. Plenty of water with the intake of L-DOPA ensures that the drug will be absorbed more quickly. L-DOPA can cause nausea in some subjects when taken on an empty stomach. Methods to reduce nausea include taking carbidopa (Sinemet), sugary drinks to calm the stomach, and avoidance of orange and grapefruit juices due to high acidity. Some PD medications are known to cause the subject to become thirsty, and methods to reduce thirst include drinking plenty of water as well as limiting caffeine uptake because it may interfere with medication or increase thirst.

</doc>
<doc id="36561549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561549" title="Robert Strelley">
Robert Strelley

Robert Strelley (by 1518-1554), of Great Bowden, Leicestershire, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Leicestershire in October 1553.

</doc>
<doc id="36561561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561561" title="Dmytro Kryzhanovskyy">
Dmytro Kryzhanovskyy

Dmytro Kryzhanovskyy is a paralympic swimmer from Ukraine competing mainly in category S5 events.
Dmytro has competed in two paralympics for Ukraine winning a total of four medals including one gold. His first games were the 2004 Summer Paralympics where he competed in the 50m butterfly finishing fifth, winning silver in both the 50m and 100m freestyle behind Spain's Sebastien Rodrigeuz who set a new world record in both events. His second games were the 2008 Summer Paralympics where he competed as part of the 20pt 4x50m medley where the Ukrainian team finished fifth, he also finished second again in the 100m freestyle this time behind Brazil's Daniel Dias who broke the old world record before beating Daniel into silver medal position in the 50m freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="36561562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561562" title="Theophil Henry Hildebrandt">
Theophil Henry Hildebrandt

Theophil Henry Hildebrandt (24 July 1888 Dover, Ohio – 9 October 1980 Ann Arbor, Michigan) was an American mathematician who did research on functional analysis and integration theory.
Hildebrandt graduated from high school at age 14 and at age 17 in 1905 received his bachelor's degree from the University of Illinois. As a graduate student at the University of Chicago he earned his master's degree in 1906 and his PhD in 1910. He became an instructor at the University of Michigan in 1909 and then a full professor in 1923, serving as chair of the mathematics department from 1934 until his retirement in 1957. His doctoral students include Ralph S. Phillips and John V. Wehausen.
In 1929 Hildebrandt received the Chauvenet Prize for his 1926 expository article "The Borel theorem and its generalizations". He served two years, 1945 and 1946, as president of the American Mathematical Society. The U. of Michigan established in 1962 in his honor the T. H. Hildebrandt Research Instructorships, which were changed in 1974 to assistant professorships.
Hildebrandt, as an instructor at the U. of Michigan, enrolled in the School of Music and earned a degree in music with a major in organ. He played the organ in his local church. He married Dora E. Ware in 1921, and they had four children.

</doc>
<doc id="36561566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561566" title="Nasar, Iran">
Nasar, Iran

Nasar (, also Romanized as Nasr; also known as Naşr-e Qūrlas, Naşr-e Qūrlāsan, and Nasr-i-Qurlās) is a village in Pain Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,403, in 876 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36561596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561596" title="Bristol Naturalists' Society">
Bristol Naturalists' Society

The Bristol Naturalists' Society is an organisation whose objectives include the promotion of the study of natural history, particularly that of the Bristol area, and the conservation of the fauna, flora, and geological sites of Britain. It was founded in 1862 and celebrated its 150th anniversary in 2012.
Early history.
The Bristol Naturalists' Society was established on 8 May 1862. The purpose of the organisation was to promote natural science through a schedule of regular meetings during which scientific subjects were addressed and associated items were exhibited. Other goals included the amassing of a library of books connected to natural science, as well as the publication of the "Proceedings" of the society. Monthly meetings of the general membership were held from October to May at University College, Bristol, the predecessor to the University of Bristol. The society maintained close ties to the University of Bristol and the Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery throughout its history. During the society's general meetings, lectures were given, usually by club members. At least one excursion was undertaken each summer. In addition to general membership, club members could opt to join one or more of the specialised sections of the association: Botanical, Entomological, and Geological. The sections held meetings as well. Sections in Chemistry and Ornithology were added later in the nineteenth century. The Library of the Bristol Naturalists' Society was in its rooms at the Literary and Philosophic Club at 20 Berkeley Square, now the University and Literary Club (Unilit). In addition to books and periodicals, the library contained other valuable works. The "Proceedings of the Bristol Naturalists' Society" were published annually.
Previous presidents of the Bristol Naturalists' Society have included many notable members of the Bristol community. The first president of the organisation was the geologist William Sanders (1799–1875). He held the office of president from 1862 to 1875. Professor Conwy Lloyd Morgan (1852–1936) of University College, Bristol, later the University of Bristol, was another eminent member of the community who served as president of the society. Morgan was also elected to the presidency of the Clifton Antiquarian Club. The first female president of the Bristol Naturalists' Society was Ida Roper, who was elected to that office in 1913. Roper was also a member of the Clifton Antiquarian Club, contributing papers to the sixth and seventh volumes of the "Proceedings of the Clifton Antiquarian Club". Other notable members of the Bristol Naturalists' Society included three Fellows of the Entomological Society of London: Alfred Edmund Hudd, who was first appointed to the Council of the society in 1875, Stephen Barton (d. 1898), and George C. Griffiths (1852–1924).
Recent history.
In 1972, the association became a charity. On 29 June 2010, the membership of the Bristol Naturalists' Society approved their constitution at the annual general meeting. The constitution adopted indicated that the objectives of the society were "the promotion of education and research into natural history including geology with special reference to the Bristol district" and "the promotion of the conservation of the British fauna and flora and the protection of geological and physiographical sites." Current specialised sections of the club include Botany, Geology, Invertebrate, Mammal, and Ornithology. The Library of the Bristol Naturalists' Society is located at the Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery on Queens Road. Lectures held in 2012 include two hosted by the Botanical section: "Salisbury Plain" by Sharon Pilkington in February, and "Plants of the Drawdown Zone" by Dr. Camillla Lambrick in March.
The Bristol Naturalists' Society celebrated its 150th anniversary in 2012. Events held by the society to mark the anniversary included a photographic exhibition, "Natural History Photographs of the Region," on 14 April 2012 at Bradbury Hall in Henleaze, Bristol. In addition, an anniversary dinner was held on 8 May 2012 at the Freemasons' Hall in Bristol. The University of Bristol Botanic Garden also celebrated the society's anniversary. Their special event, "A Celebration and Illustration of Bristol Flora, New Paintings and Rare Plants of the West Country," was held on 2–5 June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36561598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561598" title="Tomáš Medveď">
Tomáš Medveď

Tomáš Medveď (born 31 December 1973) is a retired Slovak football striker and currently manager of FC Petržalka 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="36561599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561599" title="Silver cyanate">
Silver cyanate

Silver cyanate is a chemical compound and the cyanate salt of silver.
It can be prepared by reaction of potassium cyanate or urea with silver nitrate.
Silver cyanate is a beige to gray powder. It crystallises in the monoclinic crystal system in space group "P"21/"m" with parameters a = 547.3 pm, b = 637.2 pm, c = 341.6 pm und β = 91°.
With nitric acid silver cyanate reacts to form carbon dioxide and ammonium nitrate. 

</doc>
<doc id="36561618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561618" title="Episcopal Conference of Chile">
Episcopal Conference of Chile

The Episcopal Conference of Chile (Spanish: "Conferencia Episcopal de Chile", CECh) is an agency of the Catholic Church which includes all the Archbishops and Diocesan Bishops, the Diocesan Directors and all those equivalent in law to the diocesan bishops, the Military Bishop, the coadjutor and auxiliary and Headlines Bishops performing their functions within the Chilean territory conferred by the Holy See or the Episcopal Conference.
This organization allows the Bishops jointly exercise certain pastoral functions in a collegial manner. Usually meet at Assembly where national contingency discuss issues or topics that are related to the development of the Catholic Church in Chile. Express their opinion through documents or letters that are made known to the public. Also connected with the Government, through the General Secretariat of the Presidency of the Republic.
This body is responsible for discerning proposed major guidelines regarding evangelization and religious education in Chile, which continuously focuses on topics like how to evangelize, the socio-economic problems the country and other short-term.
The President of the Conference (from the November 19, 2010 and for three years), is the Archbishop of Santiago, Monsignor Ricardo Ezzati Andrello SDB. As in Chile, also in the whole world there by episcopal conferences of which the bishops exercise their pastoral mission of collegiate way.
List of Presidents of the Episcopal Conference of Chile.
Cardinal Jose Maria Caro (1957-1958)
Alfredo Silva Santiago (1958-1962)
Cardinal Raúl Silva Henríquez (1962-1968)
Jose Manuel Santos (1968-1971)
Cardinal Raúl Silva Henríquez (1971-1975)
Cardinal Juan Francisco Fresno (1975-1977)
Francisco de Borja Valenzuela Ríos (1978-1979)
Jose Manuel Santos (1980-1983)
Bernardino Piñera (1984-1987)
Carlos Gonzalez Cruchaga (1988-1992)
Fernando Ruiz Ariztía (1993-1995)
Cardinal Carlos Oviedo Cavada (1995-1998)
Ariztía Fernando Ruiz (1998)
Cardinal Francisco Javier Errazuriz Ossa (1999-2004)
Alejandro Goic (2004-2010)
Ricardo Ezzati Andrello S.D.B. (2010 -)
See also.
Latin American Episcopal Council (CELAM)

</doc>
<doc id="36561621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561621" title="Bertram Batlogg">
Bertram Batlogg

Bertram Josef Richard Batlogg is an Austrian physicist known for his research on high-temperature superconductivity. 
Batlogg was born in the town of Bludenz in Austria. He is the great-grandson of the Swiss freedom fighter Johann Josef Batlogg. Batlogg was educated in the Swiss Federal Institute ETH Zurich, earning his diploma in physics in 1974, and his Ph.D. in 1979 working with mixed valence rare earth compounds. He then joined the Bell Labs, first as a post-doctoral researcher, and rising to be the head of the Solid State Physics and Materials Research Division at Bell Labs by 1986. After the discovery of high-temperature superconductors in 1987, Batlogg studied various cuprate compounds and together with Bob Cava discovered several transition metal oxide superconductors with high transition temperatures. In 1997, he won the Bell Labs' Bernd Mathias Prize for his research on superconductivity.
Starting in 1998, Batlogg worked with Christian Kloc and Jan Hendrik Schön to study electronic properties of organic crystals. Over the next two years, the collaboration produced a series of ground-breaking papers regarding properties of these materials. However, the experimental data provided by Schön was later shown to be fraudulent, and several of the most important papers were retracted by the authors. The incident came to be known as the Schön scandal. Batlogg, Kloc along with Schön's other collaborators were cleared of all scientific wrongdoing by an external committee appointed by Bell Labs.
Batlogg joined ETH, Zurich as a professor in 2000, where he has remained since.

</doc>
<doc id="36561628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561628" title="Lyser i mørke">
Lyser i mørke

Lyser i Mørke is a song by Danish singer Medina from her third studio album "For altid". It was released as the fifth single from the album on 12 July 2012. "Lyser i Mørke" peaked at number 5 in Denmark. A music video for the song was recorded on early June, and released the same day of the release of the single.

</doc>
<doc id="36561639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561639" title="Ádám Albert">
Ádám Albert

Ádám Albert (born 16 October 1990 in Budapest) is a professional Hungarian footballer who currently plays for Egri FC.
Club statistics.
"Updated to games played as of 4 March 2014."

</doc>
<doc id="36561660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561660" title="Bearsdale, Illinois">
Bearsdale, Illinois

Bearsdale is an unincorporated community in Hickory Point Township, Macon County, Illinois, United States. Bearsdale is located along Illinois Route 121 northwest of downtown Decatur.

</doc>
<doc id="36561681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561681" title="Düben Heath Nature Park">
Düben Heath Nature Park

The Düben Heath Nature Park (), which covers large areas of the eponymous Düben Heath, was the first nature park in Germany that resulted from a citizen's initiative and not from a government office. Around 1990, in order to prevent the further spreading and advancement of brown coal mining in the neighbourhood, the first citizens' initiatives were established for the protection and conservation of nature in the area.
The park is covered by a very varied, rolling heathland formed as a result of the Saale glaciation. It is a traditional excursion and recreation area in the relatively sparsely wooded heart of Central Germany. Its area is roughly evenly divided between the states of Saxony and Saxony-Anhalt, about midway between Wittenberg in the northeast and Leipzig in the southwest. Other major towns in the immediate vicinity are Dessau, Bitterfeld and Torgau. In the north and northeast the nature park is bounded by the floodplain of the Middle Elbe. On its western perimeter are the towns of Bitterfeld and Gräfenhainichen and the River Mulde. The interior of the park is accessible on the B 2 federal highway. It extends south as far as the B 87 with the towns of Eilenburg and Bad Düben. Geologically it is a landscape of terminal moraines and sandurs, composed predominantly of coniferous forest, mixed forest, lakes, bogs and grassland. The main species of tree is the pine.
The park covers about 770 square kilometres in toto and has a population of 68,400 (as at 31 Dec 2000) with a density of 89 inhabitants per km². 66% of the area is forest, 29% is used for agriculture, 2% are urban areas, 2% is water and 1% is used by industry and infrastructure. There are about 1,000 kilometres of designated cycle paths and hiking trails.
The nature park is supported by the Düben Heath Association ("Verein Dübener Heide"). The association, originally founded on 28 September 1930, was re-established on 31 March 1990. It is a member of the Association of German Nature Parks and the Association of German Mountain and Rambling Clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="36561685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561685" title="Sangamon, Illinois">
Sangamon, Illinois

Sangamon is an unincorporated community in Oakley Township, Macon County, Illinois, United States. Sangamon is located along the Norfolk Southern Railway east-northeast of downtown Decatur.

</doc>
<doc id="36561697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561697" title="Episcopal Conference of Colombia">
Episcopal Conference of Colombia

The Episcopal Conference of Colombia is an administrative institution and permanence of the Catholic Church, composed of all the bishops of the dioceses of Colombia in a college, in communion with the Roman Pontiff and under his authority to exercise set of certain pastoral functions of the episcopate on the faithful of their territory under the rule of law and statutes, in order to promote the life of the Church, to strengthen its mission of evangelization and respond more effectively to the greater good that the Church should seek to men.
Ecclesiastical Organization.
The Catholic Church is present in 13 locations with groundwater, 52 suffragan dioceses, 10 apostolic vicariate 1 and Military Ordinary:
The Archdiocese of Barranquilla is suffragan dioceses of The Tour Santa Marta and Valledupar Riohacha
The Archdiocese of Bogotá has as suffragan dioceses of Engativá Facatativá Fontibón Soacha and Zipaquirá Girardot
The Archdiocese of Bucaramanga is suffragan diocese of Barrancabermeja Malaga Soatá Socorro and San Gil and Velez
The Archdiocese of Cali diocese is suffragan of Carthage and Palmyra Buga Buenaventura
The Archdiocese of Cartagena is Magangué suffragan dioceses of Monteria and Sincelejo Montelibano
The Archdiocese of Ibague is suffragan dioceses of Florence Garzon Lebanon Cord-Honda and Neiva
The Archdiocese of Manila has the suffragan dioceses of La Dorada-Guaduas Armenia and Pereira
The Archdiocese of Medellín has the suffragan dioceses of Caldas Girardota Jericho and Sonson-Rionegro
The Archdiocese of New Pamplona diocese is suffragan of Ocana and Cucuta Tibú Arauca
The Archdiocese of Popayan is suffragan dioceses of Ipiales Mocoa Sibundoy meals and Tumaco
The Archdiocese of Santa Fe de Antioquia is suffragan diocese of Apartado Tado-Istmina Quibdó and Santa Rosa de Osos
The Archdiocese of Tunja is suffragan dioceses of Chiquinquirá Duitama-Sogamoso Garagoa and Yopal
The Archdiocese of Villavicencio is suffragan dioceses of Colombia Granada and San Jose del Guaviare
The Vicariate Apostolic of Guapi, Inirida, Leticia, Mitu Puerto Carreno Puerto Gaitan, San Andres and Providencia, San Vicente, Puerto Leguizamo, Tierradentro and Trinidad are immediately subject to the Holy See
The Military Ordinary in Colombia
Apostolic Nuncio.
In the 19th century was established Apostolic Delegation in Colombia. In May 8, 1916 became the apostolic Internunciature. July 20, 1917 was elevated to the rank of Apostolic Nuncio. Nunzio is the seat of the capital of Bogota.
Episcopal Conference.
Colombian Bishops, is the Conference of the Episcopal Conferences of Colombia (Episcopal Conference of Colombia, CCA). The ECC was established following the invitation of Pope Leo XIII, who in 1899 had suggested to the local churches to meet at conferences in southern U.S. bishops to reorganize and revitalize the Church in Latin America. Fifteen Colombian bishops meet for the first time on September 14, 1908 in Bogota, chaired by Archbishop Bernardo Herrera Restrepo was the second meeting of the bishops of Latin Americans, after the one held in Mexico City by Mexican Bishops in 1900. Two documents were signed collectively: the first focuses on the defense of priests and religious who are victims of the attacks the Masons, the second is a call to Christian life and its obligations, and an invocation to harmony and peace. At this first meeting, the ECC decided to meet regularly every three years, so that from 1908 to 1965 (the end of the Second Vatican Council held 21 plenary meetings. During assembly of 1951 was of Colombia established the Permanent Secretariat Bishops, the governing body of the various committees that divide the CEC. With the Second Vatican Council of the CEC, in light of the conciliar documents, at best clarifies the nature of 'conference' of the bishops' and perfected the organization of the Permanent Secretariat.
The purpose of the ECC is the study and adoption of these common tools, in accordance with Canon Law, allow coordination of the exercise of the pastoral care of the Colombian Catholic Church (section 1 of the statutes of the ECC). The Conference is composed of a president, a Secretariat and the General Assembly plenary rights and that this form of episcopal commissions of 15 and 11 departments that touch all aspects of church life and social development.
The CCA is a member of the Latin American Episcopal Council (CELAM).
List of Presidents of the Episcopal Conference:
1908 - 1928 Bernardo Herrera Restrepo (Archbishop of Bogotá)
1928 - 1950 Ismael Perdomo Borrero (Archbishop of Bogotá)
1950 - 1959 Crisanto Luque Sánchez (Archbishop of Bogotá)
1959 - 1964 Luis Concha Córdoba (Archbishop of Bogotá)
1964 - 1972 Aníbal Muñoz Duque (The Archbishop of Pamplona and New coadjutor bishop of Bogotá)
1972 - 1978 Jose de Jesus Rodriguez Pepper (Bishop of Garzon and Archbishop of Manila)
1978 - 1984 Mario Revollo Bravo (Archbishop of Nueva Pamplona)
1984 - 1987 Hector Rueda Hernández (Archbishop of Bucaramanga)
1987 - 1990 Alfonso Lopez Trujillo (archbishop of Medellin)
1990 - 1996 Pedro Rubiano Saenz (archbishop of Cali and the Archbishop of Bogota)
1996 - 2002 Alberto Giraldo Jaramillo (Archbishop of Popayán and the Archbishop of Medellin)
2002 - 2005 Pedro Rubiano Saenz (Archbishop of Bogotá)
2005 - 2008 Luis Augusto Castro Quiroga (Archbishop of Tunja)
2008–present: Ruben Salazar Gomez (Archbishop of Barranquilla and the Archbishop of Bogota)

</doc>
<doc id="36561703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561703" title="Dhaka North City Corporation">
Dhaka North City Corporation

Dhaka North City Corporation (DNCC) is the self-governing corporation that is associated with the task of running the affairs of the suburb towns of Dhaka Metropolitan Region.
History.
Dhaka North City Corporation was established on 29 November 2011. Prior to the establishment of the corporation, this urban area was governed by the former Dhaka City Corporation. Dhaka North City Corporation is the second largest city of Bangladesh after Dhaka South City.
At past days, there were two municipalities named Mirpur Pourosova & Gulshan Pourosova and some Union Parisads of Dhaka District on this urban region.
Administration.
Dhaka North City Corporation consists of 36 wards covering the thanas of Mirpur, Mohammadpur, Sher-E-Bangla Nagar, Pallabi, Adabor, Kafrul, Dhaka Cantonment, Gulshan, Banani, Badda, Uttara & some others.

</doc>
<doc id="36561727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561727" title="Paraguayan Episcopal Conference">
Paraguayan Episcopal Conference

The Paraguayan Episcopal Conference (Spanish: Conferencia Episcopal Paraguaya, CEP) is an agency of the Catholic Church which gathers the bishops of Paraguay.
History.
Since 1929 some bishops of the country are beginning to exercise a collegial teaching by issuing joint pastoral letters and decrees, and agree to meet regularly since 1955. The following year he founded the Episcopal Conference in Paraguay, which then becomes Venerable Episcopado Paraguayo, and finally assumed its present name in 1960.
Members and Bodies.
They are part of the PEC archbishops and bishops (owners, retired, brothers) of the Catholic Church in Paraguay, including the ordinary soldier.
List of Presidents.
1958 - 1970: Juan José Aníbal Mena Porta
1970 - 1973: Pastor Ramon Bogarín Argana
1973 - 1985: Felipe Santiago Benítez Avalos
1985 - 1989: Ismael Blas Rolón Silvero
1989 - 1990: Felipe Santiago Benítez Avalos
1990 - 1994: Jorge Adolfo Carlos Livieres Banks
1994 - 1999: Oscar Páez Garcete
1999 - 2002: Jorge Adolfo Carlos Livieres Banks
2002 - 2005: Catalino Claudio Giménez Medina
2005 - 2009: Ignacio Gogorza Izaguirre
2009 - 2011: Eustaquio Pastor Cuquejo Verga
2011 - ... : Catalino Claudio Giménez Medina

</doc>
<doc id="36561728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561728" title="Logistics Bureau">
Logistics Bureau

Logistics Bureau is a management consulting company established in 1997 focused solely on logistics and the supply chain. The company serves clients worldwide and has offices in Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Singapore, Bangkok and Ho Chi Minh City.
Rob O'Byrne is the founder of the company and now serves as owner and Group Managing Director. He is a member of the Logistics Association of Australia and a frequent speaker on the topics of logistics and supply chain management. He has also served as a judge for "Logistics and Materials Handing" magazine's Mercury Awards.
The company branched out to southeastern Asia in 1999 and launched Benchmarking Success in 2004. Logistics Bureau acquired Dawson Consulting in 2007. As of their fifteenth anniversary in 2012, the company had completed over 1,200 projects in 23 countries saving clients over $1.87 Billion AUD.
Services.
The company employs over 35 specialist consultants that offer services including strategies, tactics, operations, optimization, and execution along with market research and environmental analysis to reduce costs and to improve customer service and sales. Informational offerings include "Supply Chain Secrets" a collection of guides, and Supply Chain School.

</doc>
<doc id="36561730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561730" title="Konstantin Lisenkov">
Konstantin Lisenkov

Konstantin Lisenkov is a paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category S8 events.
Konstantin was part of the Russian team that travelled to Beijing for the 2008 Summer Paralympics where he won one of each medal. His gold medal came in the 100m backstroke where he broke the world record, the silver medal was in the 100m freestyle where he was beaten by home swimmer Xiaofu Wang who set a new games record and the bronze came in the 50m freestyle. He also competed in the 100m butterfly where he failed to make the final and was part of the Russian teams in the 4x100m medley and 4x100m freestyle finishing sixth and eighth respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="36561732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561732" title="Queen Elizabeth Gate">
Queen Elizabeth Gate

Queen Elizabeth Gate, also known as the Queen Mother's Gate, is an entrance consisting of two pairs and two single gates of forged stainless steel and bronze situated in Hyde Park, London, behind Apsley House at Hyde Park Corner. There is also a center feature made of painted cast iron.
It was opened by Queen Elizabeth II in 1993 to celebrate the 90th birthday of her mother, Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother. It cost £1.5 million to construct, raised by private individuals and public funding, under the patronage of Prince Michael of Kent.
The site's architect was Richard Rogers.The stainless steel and bronze gates, railings and lights were designed and made by Giusseppe Lund. The center piece, featuring a red lion and a white unicorn, was designed by sculptor David Wynn.
The organic nature of the forged steel reflects the Queen Mother's love of flowers, particularly those from a cottage garden. Her life spanned most of the century and this is represented by a flow from formal symmetry at the base of the gates upwards to an increasing freedom of line at the top. Many of the elements are free to move when touched and the whole structure vibrates when moved. This is in direct contrast to the heavier rectilinear gates found in other entrances to the park.
Although much admired there were initial concerns that the metal was rusting due to a misunderstanding of the nature of the gate's coloring which was in fact a deliberate creation of chromium oxides with the application of heat. This treatment has since proved to be extremely durable thanks to the initial intensifying of the chromium content on the surface by the use of electro-polishing

</doc>
<doc id="36561740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561740" title="Edward M. Hackett">
Edward M. Hackett

Edward M. Hackett was an architect, builder and lumber company owner in Reedsburg, Wisconsin. He built his own house (the National Register of Historic Places listed Edward M. Hackett House) at 612 East Main Street (1877-1878) in the High Victorian Gothic architectural style; including a steeply pitched roofline, arched heads over the windows, bargeboards, tower and finials. He also designed the Second Empire style hotel now known as Touchdown Tavern at 125 Main Street. It was constructed in 1886 for $10,000. William Dieks, builder of the 226 North Pine house, was a partner of Hackett's and worked as a carpenter.

</doc>
<doc id="36561771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561771" title="Redykołka">
Redykołka

Redykołka is a type of cheese produced in the Podhale region of Poland. It is sometimes known as the "younger sister" of the Oscypek cheese and the two are occasionally confused. The cheese is often made in the shape of animals, hearts, or decorative wreaths.

</doc>
<doc id="36561787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561787" title="Vision Divine (album)">
Vision Divine (album)

Vision Divine is the first studio album by the Italian progressive power metal band Vision Divine released in 1999.
Track listing.
All music written by Fabio Lione (Tordiglione) and Olaf Thörsen (Magnani) except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="36561814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561814" title="SCRIM">
SCRIM

SCRIM (Sideway-force Coefficient Routine Investigation Machine) is a machine, originally developed by TRL Limited in the United Kingdom, in order to measure the wet skidding resistance of a road surface.
SCRIM has a daily survey capacity of 200 to 300 km depending upon road type. A SCRIM survey in the UK can be undertaken at two different target test speeds of 50 and 80 km/h. The permitted speed range covering these target speeds is 25 to 85 km/h. Skidding resistance data recorded at speeds within this range can be speed corrected to give equivalent values at 50 km/h.
The SKM is a similar device to the SCRIM. It also operates on the sideway force principle and is the main equipment used for friction testing throughout Germany.
Other friction testing devices include the Pavement Friction Tester, devices by Norsemeter and the Griptester all devices have their own benefits.

</doc>
<doc id="36561862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561862" title="Ernest Ouandié">
Ernest Ouandié

Ernest Ouandié (1924 – 15 January 1971) was a leader of the struggle for independence of Cameroon in the 1950s who continued to resist the government of President Ahmadou Ahidjo after Cameroon became independent in 1960. He was captured in 1970, tried and found guilty of plotting to assassinate the President, and was publicly executed on 15 January 1971 in Bafoussam.
Early years.
Ernest Ouandié was born in 1924 in Ndumla, Bana district in Haut-Nkam in a Bamiléké family.
He attended public school in Bafoussam, and then "l’Ecole Primaire Supérieure de Yaoundé" where he obtained a "Diplôme des Moniteurs Indigènes" (DMI) in November 1943 and began work as a teacher.
In 1944 he joined the Union of Confederate Trade-Unions of Cameroon, affiliated with the French General Confederation of Labour (CGT).
From 1944 to 1948, Ernest Ouandié taught at Edéa.
In October 7, 1948, he was posted to Dschang. A month later, he was posted to Douala as director of the New-Bell Bamiléké public school.
In 1948 Ouandié became a member of the Union of the Peoples of Cameroon ("Union des Populations du Cameroun" – UPC), a left-wing pro-independence political party.
He was elected vice president of the UPC four years later. 
In September 1953 he was assigned to Doumé and Yoko in Mbam-et-Kim. 
In December 1954 he was posted to Batouri, then Bertoua.
Finally, in January 1955 he was assigned to Douala again.
He attended the World Congress of Democratic Youth in China in December 1954, and also traveled to Paris and Moscow.
Freedom Fighter.
In April and May 1955 the UPC held a series of militant meetings, circulated pamphlets and organized strikes.
On 20 June 1955 the UPC leader, Ruben Um Nyobé, was sentenced in his absence to six months in prison and a large fine.
On 13 July 1955 the French government of Edgar Faure dissolved the UPC by decree. 
Most of the UPC leaders moved to Kumba in the British-administered Southern Cameroons to avoid being jailed by the colonial power. 
Armed revolution broke out in Cameroon.
Ruben Um Nyobé remained in the French zone in the forest near his home village of Boumnyébel, where he had taken refuge in April 1955.
This village lies just east of the Sanaga-Maritime area of the Littoral province on the road connecting Edéa to Yaoundé, the capital.
The UPC nationalist rebels conducted a fierce struggle against the French, who fought back equally ruthlessly.
The insurgents were forced to take refuge in the swamps and forests.
Ruben Um Nyobé was cornered in the Sanaga-Maritime area and killed on 13 September 1958.
Ouandié had taken refuge in Kumba in 1956.
In July 1957, under pressure from the French, the British authorities in western Cameroon deported Ernest Ouandié and other leaders of the UPC to Khartoum, Sudan.
He then moved in turn to Cairo, Egypt, to Conakry, Guinea and finally to Accra, Ghana.
After Cameroon gained independence in 1960, UPC rebels who had been fighting the French colonial government continued to fight the government of President Ahmadou Ahidjo, whom they considered to be a puppet of the French.
Ahidjo had asked the French to lend troops to keep the peace during and after the transition to democracy. Led by General Max Briand, who had served previously in Algeria and Indochina, these troops conducted a brutal "cleansing" campaign in the Bamiléké territory of the West, Centre and Littoral provinces.
Some reports say that over a quarter of a million people died.
In 1960 Ouandié, Félix-Roland Moumié, Abel Kingué and other UPC leaders were exiled, isolated and desperate.
The UPC leadership was increasingly involved in factional squabbles, out of touch with what was happening in Cameroon.
Moumié was poisoned by French agents using thallium on 13 October 1960 and died on 4 November 1960, leaving Ouandié as head of the UPC. 
On 1 May 1961 the military tribunal in Yaoundé condemned Oaundié and Abel Kingué (in their absence) to deportation.
That year Ouandié returned secretly from Accra to Cameroon to work towards the overthrow of the Ahidjo regime.
The Southern Cameroons (now the Southwest and Northwest regions) gained independence from the British and joined a loose federation with East Cameroon on 1 October 1961.
Abel Kingué died in Cairo on 16 June 1964, leaving Ouandié the last member of the original leadership.
President Ahidjo declared that Ouandié was public enemy number one.
Led by Ouandié, guerrilla warfare against the Ahidjo regime by the "Armée de libération nationale Kamerounaise" (ANLK) continued throughout the 1960s, with the zones of activity gradually becoming depopulated and the guerrilla numbers slowly dwindling.
The rebel leader Tankeu Noé was captured and executed.
In January 1964, public executions of fifteen captured rebels were staged in Douala, Bafoussam and Edéa as part of the celebrations of the fourth anniversary of independence.
Meanwhile, the UPC members in exile were locked in a power struggle that caused Ouandié and his "maquis" to increasingly fear betrayal, 
while the government used the fear of the rebel forces to justify increasing the security forces occupying the Bamiléké towns and villages. 
The guerrillas lived a hunted life and were often short of food. 
A surviving member of the rebel force said that they did not do much fighting except in the kitchen.
Capture and execution.
Albert Ndongmo, also a Bamiléké, was made Bishop of Nkongsamba in 1964 in a diocese contained within the zone of guerrilla operations.
By Ndongmo's account, in 1965 President Ahmadou Ahidjo asked him to try to mediate with Ouandié to try to end the fighting. 
In the following years Ndongmo had a series of meetings with the rebels.
In 1970 Ouandié called for help, and Ndongmo picked him up in his car and took him to his own house, where he let him stay for several nights.
Ndongmo claimed that his actions were consistent with President Ahidjo's instructions, but it seems clear that he sympathized strongly with the rebels
although he did not approve of their methods.
Ndongmo was called to go to Rome to answer some questions about business dealings, but before leaving he sent Ouandié and his secretary to take refuge with his catechist on the outskirts of Mbanga. The catechist refused to accept Oaundie, and alerted the police.
Ouandié and the secretary went on the run, but were in unfamiliar territory and were hunted by the local people as well as the police.
Disagreeing over directions, they parted company.
Ouandié tried to hide in the banana plantations, even under bridges, but was hopelessly lost.
On 19 August 1970 Ouandié surrendered to the authorities near the town of Loum.
Exhausted, thirsty, hungry and disoriented, he had asked a passer-by for help. The man recognized him and led him towards a nearby gendarmerie. 
When they neared the building and Ouandié recognized his situation,
he abandoned his guide and simply walked into the post and told them who he was.
At first the officers panicked and fled, but then returned and called for help.
Ouandié was taken by helicopter to Yaoundé and imprisoned.
Ndongmo was arrested when he returned from Rome.
On 29 August the "Cameroon Times" ran a lead story titled "Bishop Ndongmo arrested for alleged subversion."
The paper also reported that Ouandie had given in to government forces.
The reporter, editor and publisher of the paper were arrested, tried and convicted by a military tribunal on charges of publishing false information. The court said that the term "give in" could be taken to mean that the government was unable to catch Ouandié, which would tend to undermine and ridicule the government. The court said that he had been captured.
Ouandié was tried in December 1970 and condemned to death.
He was executed by firing squad on 15 January 1971 at Bafoussam.
Legacy.
Bishop Ndongmo was also tried for treason by a military tribunal in January 1971, found guilty and sentenced to death by firing squad. However, the sentence was commuted to life imprisonment, and he was sent to a prison camp in Tcholliré. Ndongmo was pardoned in 1976 on condition that he leave the country.
In January 1991 on the weekend following the 20th anniversary of Ouandié's death there were moves by opposition groups to lay flowers on the place where he had died. The Governor of Western Province told the population to remain at home, troops were placed on alert and security stepped up throughout Bafoussam, particularly around the place where Ouandié's was executed. According to one account, "The forces of law and order, alerted by the gathering crowds, descended on the site, dispersing the crowd and seizing the bouquets of flowers. people were arrested by soldiers and taken to the office of the provincial Governor; there they were interrogated."
After a change of policy, on 16 December 1991 Ouandié was declared a national hero by the parliament of Cameroon.
In January 2012 the reconstituted "Union des Populations du Cameroun" (UPC) protested that Ouandié's grave had been desecrated.
The UPC recalled that he had been designated a National Hero by the act of 1991, and said some minimum level of security should have been provided for his grave.
The grave was untended and the right side of the tomb was broken. However, it is possible that the damage to the tomb had been done by Ouandié's family in a ritual common to that part of the country.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36561875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561875" title="Line echo wave pattern">
Line echo wave pattern

A line echo wave pattern (LEWP) is a weather radar formation in which an area of thunderstorms forms a mesoscale low-pressure area with a rotating "head" and, typically, a bow echo to its south (or equatorward). LEWP often are associated with a multiple-bow serial derecho and often produce tornadoes, some of which can be strong.
A LEWP, according to the NWAS, is defined as "a squall line that has developed into a wave-like pattern due to acceleration at one end of the line and deceleration along the portion immediately adjacent."
A LEWP can be compared to the bow echo, which usually indicates a powerful convective windstorm. Areas hit by the apices of bows often see the worst weather, with the highest winds and very heavy rain. However, if the sides of the bows reach enough of an orientation parallel to the derecho's movement, a very long-duration heavy rain event can result, leading to flash flooding. A serial derecho can be in the form of a LEWP or a single, very large bow echo.

</doc>
<doc id="36561885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561885" title="Sheriff of Clark County">
Sheriff of Clark County

Sheriff of Clark County, officially The Sheriff of the County of Clark, is the chief law enforcement officer of Clark County, Nevada. The sheriff heads the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department, which has joint jurisdiction within the City of Las Vegas and Clark County. The sheriff is the only elected head law enforcement officer within the county, and, as such, is not under the direct control of the county government.
The current sheriff is Douglas C. Gillespie, who became sheriff in January 2007 and was elected to a second term in November 2010

</doc>
<doc id="36561905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561905" title="George Turpin (MP)">
George Turpin (MP)

Sir George Turpin (1529-1583), of Knaptoft, Leicestershire and London, was an English Member of Parliament.
He was the younger son of John Turpin of Knaptoft. He succeeded his brother in 1551 and was knighted 21 August 1566.
He was elected a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Leicestershire in November 1554, 1563 and 1572. He was a Justice of the Peace for Leicestershire and was appointed High Sheriff of Warwickshire and Leicestershire for 1565 and High Sheriff of Leicestershire only for 1574–75.
He married Frances, the daughter of Sir Robert Lane of Horton, Northamptonshire, with whom he had a son, William, and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="36561921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561921" title="William Faunt">
William Faunt

William Faunt (1495/1496-1559), of Foston, Leicestershire, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Leicester October 1553 Leicestershire 1555.

</doc>
<doc id="36561930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561930" title="Sabrakamani">
Sabrakamani

Sabrakamani was a Nubian king who is mentioned only in an inscription found so far. It is found in the Amun temple at Kawa. This badly damaged inscription also mentions king Piye-Iry-qo, who therefore preceded him. The inscription is on top of two inscriptions from Amanineteyerike, which is an indication that Sabrakamani reigned later than Amanineteyerike. The inscription lists dedications to the temple. Sabrakamani dates possibly in the first half of the 3rd century BC.

</doc>
<doc id="36561937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561937" title="Düben Heath">
Düben Heath

The Düben Heath () is a landscape in Germany in eastern Saxony-Anhalt and northern Saxony, between the rivers Elbe and the Mulde, on the northern edge of the Leipzig Bay.
It is bounded in the west by the town of Dessau, in the north by the Elbe valley (Wittenberg, Pretzsch), in the southeast by Torgau, in the south by Eilenburg and the course of the Mulde through Bad Düben and Bitterfeld.
The Düben Heath is a terminal moraine landscape formed during the Saale glaciation (Plateau of Gräfenhainichen-Schmiedeberg) with predominantly sandy soils. Beneath this Pleistocene cover lie lignite-bearing strata. The majority of the Düben Heath is covered by forest.
The eastern part of the Düben Heath, with the resort of Bad Düben, is designated as a nature park. In the western part around Gräfenhainichen and Bitterfeld, lignite was extracted until the end of the 1980s in open pits; as a result large areas of the natural woodland landscape were destroyed. Since then, the pits have been remediated and the hollows with water. In the vicinity of Gräfenhainichen on a peninsula in the flooded "Ferropolis" open pit a museum of technology has been established, where open pit mining equipment and railway vehicles are displayed.
The dialects spoken in the Düben Heath in former times were as different as the landscape of the heath is varied. These dialects are sub-groups of the Upper Saxon German dialect, which is one of the central German languages. The development of these dialects was a result of several settlement phases, shaped by the borders of different domains and foreign influences.
With the settlement of displaced persons from the former eastern territories of Germany in the late 1940s, the migration of labour, the influence of literature, press, radio and television, the dialects of the Düben Heath are now hardly spoken.

</doc>
<doc id="36561941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561941" title="Hell Hath No Fury (Civet album)">
Hell Hath No Fury (Civet album)

Hell Hath No Fury is the fourth album by American punk rock band Civet. The album was released on September 9, 2008. It was their first release on independent label Hellcat Records. It is the last Civet album featuring Jacqui Valentine as the band's bassist and the only one featuring Danni Harrowyn. 

</doc>
<doc id="36561949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561949" title="William Skeffington (died 1571)">
William Skeffington (died 1571)

William Skeffington (by 152122 September 1571), of Skeffington, Leicestershire, was an English Member of Parliament.
He was the eldest son of Thomas Skeffington of Skeffington and succeeded his father in 1543.
He was a Justice of the Peace for Leicestershire from 1547 to his death and a Commissioner for Relief in 1550. He was elected a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Leicestershire in 1555 and was appointed High Sheriff of Warwickshire and Leicestershire for 1560–61.
He married Mary, the daughter of Thomas Cave of Stanford, Northamptonshire; they had 2 sons and 3 daughters. He was succeeded by his eldest son Thomas.

</doc>
<doc id="36561956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561956" title="Aburni">
Aburni

Aburni was a king of Nobatia, who ruled around 450 AD as the successor of Silko.
Aburni is known from a letter that was found at Qasr Ibrim. The letter was written in bad Greek directed by the king of the Blemmyes, Phonen, and his son, the phylarch Breytek, to Aburni Nakase and his sons, and Mouses. This is the answer to a lost letter.
The letter makes clear-speakers, that he is the enemy and called Nobatäer various conflicts he had with his successor and Silko Aburni. Reported speaking of animals, which were exchanged for land on which Silko killed blemmyrischen phylarch Yeny and have kidnapped numerous priests. It remains unclear whether Phonen got back his land. Speaking, however, testified the last ruler of the Blemmyrer and one may suspect that succeeded Aburni to destroy them and take over their kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="36561959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561959" title="List of mayors of Baton Rouge, Louisiana">
List of mayors of Baton Rouge, Louisiana

The office of Mayor of Baton Rouge was formally created in 1850 as the chief executive of the City of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, which has been the state capital of Louisiana continuously since 1849.
In 1947, the government of the city and the Parish of East Baton Rouge were consolidated and in 1982 they were merged into a single governing body. At that time, the title of the Mayor changed to "Mayor-President."

</doc>
<doc id="36561981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36561981" title="Nicholas Beaumont">
Nicholas Beaumont

Nicholas Beaumont (born before 1526-85), of Coleorton, Leicestershire, was an English politician.
He was the eldest son of Richard Beaumont of Coleorton.
He was a Justice of the Peace for Leicestershire from 1588 and was appointed High Sheriff of Leicestershire for 1577–78.
He was elected a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Leicestershire in 1563 and 1572 and for Bramber in 1584.
He married Anne, the daughter of William Saunders of Welford, Northamptonshire and had 4 sons, including his heir Henry Beaumont, MP for Leicester and another son, Thomas Beaumont who succeeded his brother as MP for Leicester.

</doc>
<doc id="36562004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562004" title="Gábor Sztankó">
Gábor Sztankó

Gábor Sztankó (born 18 January 1985 in Vác) is a professional Hungarian footballer who currently plays for Egri FC.

</doc>
<doc id="36562005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562005" title="Francis Hastings (died 1595)">
Francis Hastings (died 1595)

Francis Hastings (1560-1595), of Old Place, near Ashby Castle, Leicestershire, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Leicestershire in 1593.

</doc>
<doc id="36562009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562009" title="Edward A. Lawrence">
Edward A. Lawrence

Edward Arthur Lawrence (November 2, 1831 Bay Side, Queens County, New York – 1883) was an American politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of Effingham Lawrence (1779–1850), First Judge of the Queens County Court from 1818 to 1823, and Ann (Townsend) Lawrence (1786–1845). On December 7, 1855, he married Hannah Russell Mickle (b. 1837), daughter of Mayor of New York Andrew H. Mickle (1805–1863).
As a Democrat, he was Supervisor of the Town of Flushing for twelve years, a member of the New York State Assembly (Queens Co., 1st D.) in 1858 and 1859, and a member of the New York State Senate (1st D.) in 1860 and 1861.
He was buried at the Lawrence Burying Ground in Bay Side.
Assemblyman Solomon Townsend (1746–1811) was his grandfather; State Senator Samuel Townsend (d. 1790) was his great-grandfather.

</doc>
<doc id="36562012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562012" title="Bathouism">
Bathouism

Bathouism is the traditional religion of the Bodo people, named after "Bathou" which in Bodo means the "five principles". The five principles are: "bar" (air), "san" (sun), "ha" (earth), "or" (fire) and "okhrang" (sky). The chief deity, called "Bathoubwrai" ("bwarai": "the Elder")—omnipresent, omniscient and omnipotent—is said to have created the five principles. Though there are other minor gods and goddesses, Bathoubwrai is considered the Supreme God. The second most important deity is "Mainao", the consort of Bathoubwrai, who is considered as the "protector of the rice fields".
Sijou plant.
The "sijou" plant signifies Bathoubwrai. Families that follow Bathouism plant a sijou shrub at the northeast corner of their courtyard, in an altar called "sijousali". Bodo communities that follow Bathouism generally plant a sijou shrub at a community land, fenced with eighteen pairs of bamboo strips with five fastenings. Each pair symbolizes a pair of minor god-goddess. The five fastenings signify, from bottom: birth, pain, death, marriage and peace/pleasure. The bottom three fastenings, called "bando", are those that one cannot escape in life; whereas the top two one could.
Gods, goddesses and gurus.
The eighteen pairs of gods-goddesses are: 1 Mwnsinsin bwrai-Mwnsinsin burwi, 2 Si Bwrai-Si Burwi, 3 Aham Bwrai-Aham Burwi, 4 Khuria Bwrai-Khuria Burwi, 5 Eheo Bwrai-Eheo Burwi 6 Mainao Bwrai-Mainao-Burwi, 7 Bwlli Bwrai-Bwlli Burwi, 8 Deva Bwrai-Devi Burwi, 9 Gongar Bwrai-Gongar Burwi, 10 Joumwn Bwrai-Joumwn Burwi, 11 Song Raja-Song Rani, 12 Hasung Bwrai-Hasung Burwi, 13 Rajong Bwrai-Rajong burwi, 14 Agrang Bwrai-Agrang Burwi, 15 Hazw Bwrai-Hazw Burwi, 16. Emao Bwrai-Emao Burwi 17. Mohela Bwrai-Mohela Burwi and 18. Hafao Bwrai-Hafao Burwi.
Worship.
Traditional.
Traditional Bathouism does not have any written scripture or religious book, nor temples. The worship is performed at the sijousali, and constituted offering animals and fowls for sacrifice and rice beer. Notable religious festivals were "Kherai", "Garja" and others. These ceremonies are performed by priests called "Douri" (male priest) and "Doudini" (female priest). This religion was not organized.
Revivalism/Reformation.
"All Bathou Religious Union", an organization, was constituted in 1992; and it has begun reviving and reforming the traditional religion. The traditional role of the "Douri" and "Doudini" are replaced by the "Gwthari Asari" appointed by the organization, and a band of singers who sing in a practice called "Bathou Aroj". The construction of temples, resembling churches or mosques called "Thansali", have come into being. Bathou aroj is performed on Tuesdays in Thansalis. Sacrifices of animals and fowls, and offering of rice beer as modes of worship has been replaced by offering of flowers, fruits and the burning of incense. The partaking of "prasad" has become popular.

</doc>
<doc id="36562036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562036" title="Enamorada">
Enamorada

Enamorada may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36562116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562116" title="Giant Orange">
Giant Orange

Giant Orange is the third studio album by rock group Cheap Girls, released on February 21, 2012. It was the first release for the band after signing with Rise Records and is available on CD, vinyl and as a digital download. The album was produced by Laura Jane Grace of American punk rock band Against Me! and was the first time the band worked with a producer. With the exception of tambourine, the album was recorded using only guitar, bass, drums and vocals. The track "Gone All Summer" is the introduction music on Kyle Kinane's "Whiskey Icarus" stand-up comedy special released on CD and DVD.
Recording.
Recording for the album began on October 11, 2011, at Total Trebel Studio in Elkton, Florida. It was the first album recorded at the studio, which was converted from an old post office.
Release.
The album was released on February 21, 2012. It debuted at number 49 on the "Billboard" Heatseekers Albums chart.
Singles.
"Ruby" was released for digital download on January 3, 2012, as the first single from the album.
Critical reception.
"Giant Orange" received generally positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received an average score of 70, based on 6 reviews, indicating "generally favorable" feedback. Chrysta Cherrie of AllMusic rated the album three and a half out of five stars, writing that "its bold catchiness will keep listeners engaged, from the major chord melody and mid-'90s Merge Records grit of opener "Gone All Summer," to the ringing guitar and back-and-forth harmonies of "Mercy-Go-Round."
Credits.
Credits are adapted from AllMusic.

</doc>
<doc id="36562117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562117" title="LEWP">
LEWP

LEWP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36562125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562125" title="Tin Gods">
Tin Gods

Tin Gods is a lost 1926 silent film drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released by Paramount Pictures. It is based on a play, "Tin Gods", by William Anthony McGuire. Allan Dwan directed and Thomas Meighan starred. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562136" title="Joan Tomàs Roca">
Joan Tomàs Roca

Joan Tomàs Roca (born 1951) is an Andorran sports-shooter who has competed in four Olympics with the 2012 Summer Olympics set to be his fifth. He was his nation's flag-bearer in the 2012 Opening Ceremony. He is one of the oldest competitors at the 2012 Summer Olympics at the age of 61.

</doc>
<doc id="36562139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562139" title="Altmar, Illinois">
Altmar, Illinois

Altmar is an unincorporated community in Eagle Township, LaSalle County, Illinois, United States. Altmar is located along the Norfolk Southern Railway west of Kangley.

</doc>
<doc id="36562152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562152" title="List of Hey Dad..! guest stars">
List of Hey Dad..! guest stars

The following is a list of guest stars on the Australian sitcom "Hey Dad..!".

</doc>
<doc id="36562163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562163" title="Helena Historic District (Helena, Montana)">
Helena Historic District (Helena, Montana)

The Helena Historic District (HHD) is a federally designated historic district in Helena, Montana, United States. Since its establishment in 1972, the HHD has had boundary adjustments in 1990 and 1993. The original 1972 designation was composed of two unconnected sections known as "Downtown" and "West Residential".
Downtown section.
Helena was initially founded in the downtown section. On July 14, 1864 four miners, dubbed the "Four Georgians" (though only one was from Georgia), discovered gold in a creekbed along what today is Helena's downtown main street, Last Chance Gulch. This sparked a cultural and building boom that lasted 30 years and Helena became the state capital. The city grew from south to north along Last Chance Gulch, its main street, and hence the evolution of architectural styles can be traced. At the southern end the road is narrow with small log and stone buildings and at the northern end the road is wider and has large stonework homes. Few major downtown buildings were built in the years immediately after the Panic of 1893, which among other problems, caused the closing of the local silver mines. This resulted in downtown Helena having a sharp division in its older and newer sections. Most of the newer buildings were small, had a single function, and had a false front. At the time of the initial 1972 NRHP nomination, some of the significant buildings that still stood from that early time were: the Electric and Power Blocks, Helena Athletic Association, Auerbach Buildings, Merchants Hotel (later Monticello Apartments), Atlas Block, Diamond Block, the Wheat Building (Merchants National Bank Building) and the Lewis and Clark County Courthouse. A major fire in 1928 had an impact on the area, destroying many original buildings, including the Granite, Bailey, Gold, and New York Store blocks. Additional buildings in the downtown section were damaged or destroyed in the 1935 Helena earthquake.
Helena's early commercial district was located along State, Edwards, and Broadway Streets, but fires destroyed much of this area in 1869, 1872, and 1874. Much of what was built afterwards was built in the Western Commercial style, with splendid brickwork and simple lines. The Beaux Arts Parchen Drug Building, Colwell Building, and the Penn-Block Bristol Hotel were French Renaissance. The Denver Block and Sands Brothers Dry Goods were Romanesque Revival. By the mid-1880s at least 18 architectural firms had been established in Helena or called in from back East. Several of these architects were part of or influenced by the Chicago school of architecture. This influence is seen in the Atlas Building, Securities Building, Power Block, and the Lewis and Clark County Courthouse.
The most significant changes to the area occurred in the early 1970s, when a major urban renewal project demolished about 240 buildings within the original Helena Historic District—61 of them were of historical significance. Most of these buildings were commercial in nature and were concentrated in the southeastern section of the district. The architectural and historical building survey initiated prior to the project was later deemed incomplete, and the decision to destroy many buildings of "indisputable historic and architectural significance" created significant controversy in the community. Urban renewal was viewed by many locals as a "disaster" equal to the 1935 earthquake, as many "insipid" new buildings were put on in the place of demolished historic structures. However, many historically significant buildings are still standing today including the Atlas block, the Securities building, the Placer Hotel, the Iron Front hotel and the Montana Club.
West Residential section.
The West Residential section is located on the lower slopes of Mount Helena, west of the downtown area. The streets in this section are lined with trees and stone walls, and many homes date from the last quarter of the 19th century. Mansions in this section include those once owned by United States Senator Thomas C. Power, B. H. Tatum, D. A. G. Floweree, and S. T. Hauser. The architecture of these homes is quite varied.
Urban Renewal and the boundary increase of 1990.
When over 240 buildings within the original Helena Historic District were demolished due to urban renewal, the southeastern section where the demolition of the 1970s was the greatest was delisted, and a roughly 5-block area north of the original downtown district was added in 1990. The residential sections boundaries were not altered at that time, although the construction of Cruse Avenue, a wide, modern street intended to be a traffic bypass, split the residential district from the downtown. St. Peter's Episcopal Cathedral and the First Unitarian Church (now Grandstreet Theater) were included in this amended district. The boundary change also resulted in the period of significance being extended from 1900 to 1948 to reflect the significant early 20th century changes to the area. In addition, the south end of Last Chance Gulch was closed off and a pedestrian walking mall was created.
Historic buildings and areas lost in urban renewal included the razing of 150 buildings in a seven block area and the former Wall street being completely eliminated. This area was infilled with three modern buildings and a park. This demolition also resulted in the loss of west State street and what remained of Helena's Chinatown, the Electric Block, Colwell Building the Helena YMCA, the Novelty Block, Homer block, and the most controversial demolition, the Marlow Theater.
Boundary increase of 1993.
Approximately three blocks of mixed commercial and residential buildings centered on North Rodney Street, east of the earlier downtown section, were added to the district in 1993. They represent a period of development from 1878 to 1948. Many of these structures were built in the late 1800s in an effort to move to an area considered safer than those ravaged by the earlier Helena fires. Several commercial structures here were built by members of Helena's Jewish business community. This activity, and the Jewish population peaked in the 1890s, and was halted by the Panic of 1893. Limited construction began again after 1900 and continued slowly for the next few decades, but by 1929, there were no Jewish-owned buildings or residences in the neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="36562173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562173" title="JD5037">
JD5037

JD5037 is an antiobesity drug candidate which acts as a peripherally-restricted cannabinoid inverse agonist at CB1 receptors. It is very selective for the CB1 subtype, with a Ki of 0.35nM, >700-fold higher affinity than it has for CB2 receptors.
In animal studies, JD5037 does not readily cross the blood brain barrier and thus is not expected to produce the psychiatric side effects in humans which led to the withdrawal of rimonabant from the market. Its antiobesity effects are believed to be mediated by blockade of peripheral CB1 receptors, resulting in decreased leptin expression and secretion and increased leptin clearance by the kidneys. In obese mice given the drug, the resulting resensitization to leptin levels produced decreased food intake, weight loss, and normalized responses to glucose and insulin.
JD5037 is covered in the following US Patents issued to Jenrin Discovery: 8,088,809 (1/3/12) ), 7,666,889 (2/23/10), 7,482,470 (1/27/09). The synthesis of JD-5037 and related analogs along with structure activity relationships has been reported.
A review on the approaches and compound types being pursued as peripherally restricted CB1 receptor blockers, including JD5037, has been published. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562184" title="Karen Torrez">
Karen Torrez

Karen Milenka Torrez Guzman (born 29 July 1992) is a Bolivian swimmer from Cochabamba. She competes in the Women's 100m Freestyle. She was flag bearer for the nation at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36562187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562187" title="Farm Ridge, Illinois">
Farm Ridge, Illinois

Farm Ridge is an unincorporated community in Farm Ridge Township, LaSalle County, Illinois, United States. Farm Ridge is west of Grand Ridge.

</doc>
<doc id="36562192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562192" title="All-India Anti-Terrorist Front">
All-India Anti-Terrorist Front

All-India Anti-Terrorist Front (AIATF) is an anti-terrorist organisation led by Maninderjeet Singh Bitta

</doc>
<doc id="36562195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562195" title="Gastrodynerus">
Gastrodynerus

Gastrodynerus is a small south-western nearctic genus of potter wasps with four currently recognized species, all of them found in Mexico. "Gastrodynerus vanduzeei" is also found in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36562210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562210" title="Baker, Illinois">
Baker, Illinois

Baker is an unincorporated community in Adams Township, LaSalle County, Illinois, United States. Baker is located near Illinois Route 23 south of Leland.

</doc>
<doc id="36562214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562214" title="La Société (restaurant)">
La Société (restaurant)

La Société is a restaurant located on Bloor Street, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is a French Bistro operated by INK Entertainment and owned by Danny Soberano and Charles Khabouth. The opening night was June 15, 2011 which had celebrity guest attendees, including Stephen Wong Ka-lok of Greta Constantine and Kevin Brauch.
Design.
The 1920s Parisian bistro theme of La Société's interior design was done by "Munge Leung". It features hand painted windows, burgundy velvet walls, marble floors, a full raw bar and a patio. One of its main staples is its multi-level, out-door patio. The restaurant in total can seat more than 300.

</doc>
<doc id="36562216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562216" title="Multi-screen video">
Multi-screen video

In the fields of broadcasting and content delivery, multiscreen video describes video content transformed into multiple formats, bit rates and resolutions for display on devices such as television, mobile phone, tablet computer and computer. Additional devices may include video game consoles such as the Xbox 360, or internet enabled television.
History.
As video moved to digital formats, content began to stream across IP networks. The term developed as more electronic devices transmitted video. Technical and advertising professionals began to refer to video content transmitted across multiple devices as multiscreen video. Notable industry usage includes The Nielsen Company, Cisco Systems and Google.

</doc>
<doc id="36562227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562227" title="Jackie Brookner">
Jackie Brookner

Jackie Brookner (born 1945) is an ecological artist, writer, and educator. She works with ecologists, design professionals, engineers, communities, and policy-makers on water remediation/public art projects for parks, wetlands, rivers, and urban stormwater runoff. In these projects, local resources become the focal point of community collaboration and collective creative agency. 
Brookner is based in New York City and works and lectures internationally.
Education.
Brookner was born in Providence, Rhode Island, and received her B.A. from Wellesley College. She completed all work for a Ph.D. in Art History from Harvard University, except the dissertation, as her focus shifted to making sculpture in 1971. In 1975 she assisted steel sculptor Isaac Witkin in Bennington, Vermont. The following year, she moved to New York City and attended the New York Studio School, where she studied drawing with Nicolas Carone.
Early work.
Brookner’s landscape-scale ecological art evolved from her sculptures and installations from the 1980s and early 1990s. In the early 1980s at Oscarsson Hood Gallery in New York, Brookner exhibited cast bronze sculptures that were based on the movement of water and growth in plants. In 1987, she began juxtaposing materials such as soil, velvet, inner tubes, pillow stuffing, exhaust pipes, and chiffon to explore the psychological and gendered associations these materials carried.
Soil works.
In the early 1990s, Brookner's writing focused on how our materialistic culture could be so at war with the matrix of its own matter, the Earth. Using soil as a metaphor for raw matter in her wall pieces and Soil Chairs, she investigated the cultural associations of dirt, excrement, sex, and death. In her museum installations, Brookner focused on historical relationships of soil in particular regions.
"Of Earth and Cotton" (1994–98).
This project traveled from 1994 to 1998 to the following venues: McKissick Museum, Columbia, South Carolina (1994); Diggs Gallery, Winston-Salem State University, North Carolina (1995); The Hunter Museum of Art, Chattanooga, Tennessee (1995); The Columbus Museum, Columbus, Georgia (1995); University of North Texas Art Gallery, Denton, Texas (1996); The National Civil Rights Museum, Memphis, Tennessee (1996); Gallery 210, University of Missouri, St. Louis, Missouri (1998). The project evolved as it crossed the southern U.S. to follow the migration of the Cotton Belt from the Carolinas westward. At each location, Brookner spoke with former cotton farmers who hand-picked cotton in the 1930s and 1940s, as she modeled portraits of their feet with local soil. These became the focal points of installations where they rested on 60-tons of soil or 2,500-pounds of ginned cotton. Accompanying the installation was a video documenting Brookner’s conversations and forty Farm Security Administration photographs from the 1930s (selected by Susan Harris Edwards) depicting the living and working conditions of cotton farmers during the Depression.
"Native Tongues", Miro Foundation, Barcelona, Spain (1997).
While listening to the Castillian (Spanish) and Catalan languages, Brookner imagined the shapes of the tongues speaking them. She then sculpted Castillian and Catalan tongues from soils collected in central Spain and Catalonia, respectively. The same soils were used to make a 50-foot wall-drawing based on phonetics diagrams that map where the tongue is placed to make specific sounds. This sound, sculpture, and drawing installation explored the corporeality of speech in the context of Catalonia where regional languages, prohibited and politicized under Franco’s regime, intersect with homeland, territory, and power.
Biosculptures.
Brookner was guest editor of the College Art Association’s "Art Journal" on “Art and Ecology” (1992). Her research for this issue inspired her to develop a practice that could provide ecological benefits and help transform cultural values.
This research led Brookner to develop her Biosculptures: living water filtration systems that unite the conceptual and aesthetic capacities of sculpture with ecological function. These sculpted wetland ecosystems are made of mosses and plants growing on stone and concrete substrates, while the water they filter is inhabited by fish, snails, plants, and other organisms. Together they are complete ecosystems. The plants and the bacteria that live in their root zones convert waste and pollutants in the water into food for their own metabolism, demonstrating that in healthy natural systems there is no waste.
The first Biosculpture, "Prima Lingua," was commissioned in 1995 by Appalachian State University for the exhibition “Views From Ground Level, Art and Ecology in the Late Nineties.” It is a large tongue that licks and cleans the polluted water in which it stands. "I’m You", commissioned in 2000 by Wave Hill, Bronx, New York, for the exhibition “Abundant Invention,” resembles human hands but is based on microscopic moss structures. 
In her Biosculptures and other works, Brookner frequently uses imagery where parts of the body stand for the whole. This reflects the paradox of how humans consider themselves as independent wholes even though we are actually parts of an interdependent universe.
Landscape-scale water projects/creative catalyst.
Since 2002, Brookner has been collaborating with ecologists, engineers, policy makers, design professionals, and community residents to create multifunctional water remediation/public art projects. These landscape-scale public projects demonstrate how stormwater and other polluted waters can be reclaimed and used to restore habitat in parks, wetlands, rivers, former sewage treatment lagoons, and other contexts.
"The Fargo Project", Fargo, North Dakota (2010-ongoing).
Brookner is working with the City of Fargo, residents, and local artists to transform an 18-acre stormwater detention basin into a multifunctional neighborhood commons through a process intended to catalyze collective creative agency within Fargo's diverse population. It will include restored prairie and wetland habitats, an orchard, natural play areas, an amphitheater, festival spaces, gathering areas, and community gardens that will feed 50 families. This pilot project will be a model for 19 other neighborhood basins throughout Fargo.
"Veden Taika (The Magic of Water)", Halikonlahti Bird Pools, Salo, Finland (2007–09).
"Veden Taika" consists of three floating islands that provide safe habitat for nesting birds, improve water quality through phytoremediation with native wetland plants and subsurface aeration, and create an aesthetic focal point in a former sewage treatment lagoon. The project was conceived in consultation with local ecologists and artist/project manager Tuula Nikulainen, engineered with Biomatrix Water, and implemented in collaboration with high school students, local artists, local scientists, volunteers, and city agencies. One of the successful goals of the project was to create collaborations between city agencies, who have not worked together before, to provide solutions to local environmental problems.
"Urban Rain", Roosevelt Community Center, San Jose, California (2005–08).
Brookner’s work at this LEED gold-certified building captures stormwater runoff from the roof with two sculptural rock filtration systems: the Coyote Creek and Thumbprint Filters. "Urban Rain" reduces the volume and improves the quality of the water entering into the stormwater sewer system and the Coyote Creek Watershed. The Coyote Creek Filter contextualizes the building itself as a watershed within the larger Coyote Creek watershed and reveals infiltration processes that normally happen underground. The imagery of the Thumbprint Filter is based on the spiral pattern of a real thumbprint, and echoes the spiral eddies of wind, water, and galaxies.
Dreher Park Art and Design, West Palm Beach, Florida, with Angelo Ciotti (2003–04).
Brookner and Ciotti were part of the design team to enhance water flow, flood control systems, and recreational facilities for the redesign of Dreher Park. They conceived the "Elders’ Cove" landscape complex to feature the then-underutilized Northern section of the park. "Elders’ Cove" includes a 14-foot Biosculpture in one of the new detention ponds, a viewing and fishing dock, wetland habitats, mounds that reclaim and sculpt soil from the lake excavations, and a gathering area that draws on the area’s Seminole history.
"Laughing Brook", Salway Park, Cincinnati, Ohio (2002–09).
This project consists of over 100 Biosculptures in constructed wetlands that treat stormwater runoff from 3 acres of ballfields and parking lots to lessen pollutant impact on the adjacent endangered Mill Creek. The stormwater, collected in a 10,000-gallon underground cistern, irrigates the Biosculptures. The water cycles repeatedly through the wetland until the next large rainfall, when it is released into the creek. The entire system is solar powered. The Biosculptures are shaped like hands that gradually transform into six species of fish that would inhabit the river if it were healthy. Brookner collaborated with the Mill Creek Restoration Project and Human Nature Landscape Architects, local artists, high school students, and other volunteers to build, plant, and maintain the project.
"Art and Community Landscapes" (2002–03).
Brookner and Susan Steinman were selected to be artists in residence with the National Park Service Rivers and Trails Conservation Assistance program through a National Endowment for the Arts and National Park Service partnership called “Art and Community Landscapes.” Working with three towns, Tillamook, Oregon, Puyallup, Washington, and Caldwell, Idaho, to build communities of support for local creek daylighting and trail projects, they created concept plans and guided public ecological art projects. They also started annual river celebrations that continue today and fostered many new partnerships between different interest groups in each city.
"The Gift of Water", Grossenhain, Germany (2001).
This Biosculpture is part of a wetland pond that provides natural filtration for a large public swimming complex used daily by over 1,500 people. Two large moss-covered hands reach from the bank of the wetland into the pond, cupping the water in which they are immersed.
Teaching.
Brookner has taught at the University of Pennsylvania, Harvard University, Bard College, the New York Studio School, and Parsons The New School for Design, where she continues to teach.

</doc>
<doc id="36562234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562234" title="Oreumenes">
Oreumenes

Oreumenes is a small Far East genus of large Eumenes-like potter wasps.

</doc>
<doc id="36562269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562269" title="Lorene Bazolo">
Lorene Bazolo

Lorene Bazolo (born 4 May 1983) is a Congolese athlete from Brazzaville. She competes in the 100m and 200m sprint. She is the national record holder in the 100 metres, with a time of 11.72 seconds. She was flag bearer for the nation at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36562278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562278" title="Episcopal Conference of the Pacific">
Episcopal Conference of the Pacific

The Episcopal Conference of the Pacific (, CEPAC) is the episcopal conference of the Catholic Church that includes the bishops of several islands in Oceania. The CEPAC is a member of the Federation of Catholic Bishops' Conferences of Oceania, FCBCO.
Presidents of CEPAC.
List of Presidents of the Episcopal Conference of the Pacific:
1970-1971: George Hamilton Pearce, Archbishop of Suva
1971-1978: Pierre-Paul-Émile Martin, Archbishop of Nouméa
1978-1982: Patelisio Punou-Ki-Hihifo Finau, Bishop of Tonga
1982-1987: Petero Mataca, Archbishop of Suva
1987-1991: Francis Roland-Lambert, Bishop of Port-Vila
1991-1996: Anthony Sablam Apuron, Archbishop of Agaña
1996-2003: Michel-Marie-Bernard Calvet, Archbishop of Nouméa
2003-2010: Anthony Sablan Apuron, Archbishop of Agaña
2010- "present": Soane Patita Paini Mafi, Bishop of Tonga

</doc>
<doc id="36562291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562291" title="Sorot River">
Sorot River

The Sorot () is a river in Novorzhevsky, Bezhanitsky, and Pushkinogorsky Districts of Pskov Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Velikaya River. It is long, and the area of its basin . The main tributary of the Sorot is the Lsta (left).
The source of the Sorot is Lake Mikhalkinskoye in the eastern part of Novorzhevsky District. The river flows to the east, reaches the boundary between Novorzhevsky and Bezhanitsky Districts and turns north such that a stretch of it forms the boundary. Further north, it turns west, accepts the Lsta from the left, crosses Novorzhevsky and Pushkinogorsky Districts, and joins the Velikaya downstream of the village of Selikhnovo. In the lower course, the Sorot flows through the Mikhaylovskoye Museum Reserve. The town of Novorzhev is located on the banks of the Sorot.
The Sorot flows through a number of lakes, the biggest of which are Lake Beloguli and Lake Posadnikovskoye.
The drainage basin of the Sorot is large and includes Novorzhevsky District, the northeastern part of Pushkinogorsky District, the western part of Bezhanitsky District, as well as minor areas in Dedovichsky and Porkhovsky Districts.

</doc>
<doc id="36562293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562293" title="Bala Velayat Rural District (Torbat-e Heydarieh County)">
Bala Velayat Rural District (Torbat-e Heydarieh County)

Bala Velayat Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20,908, in 5,698 families. The rural district has 32 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562294" title="Blakes, Illinois">
Blakes, Illinois

Blakes is an unincorporated community in Serena Township, LaSalle County, Illinois, United States. Blakes is located along the Illinois Railway north-northeast of Ottawa.

</doc>
<doc id="36562307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562307" title="Pachycoelius">
Pachycoelius

Pachycoelius is an Australian genus of potter wasps.

</doc>
<doc id="36562309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562309" title="Prince Mumba">
Prince Mumba

Prince Moses Mumba (born 28 September 1984) is a Zambian Olympic track and field athlete, specializing in the 800 metres. He competed for Zambia at the 2004 and the 2012 Summer Olympics. He also competed in the 2002 Commonwealth Games, the 2002 World Junior Championships in Athletics, the 2005, 2009 and 2011 IAAF World Championships in Athletics and the 2007 and 2011 All Africa Games.
Mumba was born in Kitwe, Zambia. he trains in the United States, with the famed Santa Monica Track Club. He originally came to the US to go to college at Oral Roberts University where he was a track standout. He is a member of the Oral Roberts University Hall of Fame.
He works as track and field coach at the Windward School in Mar Vista, California.
Mumba was the flagbearer for Zambia at the 2012 Summer Olympics Opening and Closing Ceremonies.

</doc>
<doc id="36562312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562312" title="Elimus">
Elimus

Elimus is an Australian genus of potter wasps.

</doc>
<doc id="36562319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562319" title="Pain Velayat Rural District (Torbat-e Heydarieh County)">
Pain Velayat Rural District (Torbat-e Heydarieh County)

Pain Velayat Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10,375, in 2,782 families. The rural district has 29 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562333" title="Roqicheh Rural District">
Roqicheh Rural District

Roqicheh Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Kadkan District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,582, in 897 families. The rural district has 13 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562339" title="Holy Way">
Holy Way

The Holy Way () came about as a result of the canonization of Bishop Benno of Meissen. It led from Bohemia to Meissen and ran between Grillenburg and Wilsdruff in the present-day district of Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge in the opposite direction and parallel with the Saxon St. James' Way ("Sächsischen Jakobsweg"). Original sections of the route have survived, for example in the Tharandt Forest between Grillenburg and Spechtshausen.

</doc>
<doc id="36562342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562342" title="Kadkan Rural District">
Kadkan Rural District

Kadkan Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Kadkan District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,107, in 1,204 families. The rural district has 5 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562345" title="Flammodynerus">
Flammodynerus

Flammodynerus is an Australian genus of potter wasps.

</doc>
<doc id="36562350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562350" title="Bayg Rural District">
Bayg Rural District

Bayg Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Bayg District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 8,327, in 2,465 families. The rural district has 8 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562358" title="Macrocalymma">
Macrocalymma

Macrocalymma is an Australian genus of potter wasps.

</doc>
<doc id="36562366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562366" title="Microdynerus">
Microdynerus

Microdynerus is a Holarctic genus of small potter wasps.

</doc>
<doc id="36562368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562368" title="Megan Kufeld">
Megan Kufeld

Megan Kufeld (born March 25, 1993) is an American soccer goalkeeper for the Seattle Sounders Women of the United Soccer Leagues W-League. 
She played for the US WNT U-17 and U-23 teams. 
Kufeld committed to the University of Washington Huskies for 2011 and redshirted for the season.

</doc>
<doc id="36562374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562374" title="Lanitz Escapade Two">
Lanitz Escapade Two

The Lanitz Escapade Two is a German ultralight aircraft, derived from the Just Escapade and produced by Lanitz Aviation of Leipzig. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
Design and development.
The aircraft was designed to comply with the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight rules. It features a strut-braced high-wing, a two-seats-in-side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit, convertible fixed tricycle landing gear and conventional landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The Escapade Two fuselage is made from powder coated welded steel tubing, with its wing made with an aluminium spar and spruce ribs. The aircraft is covered with Oratex aircraft fabric. Its span wing has an area of and can be folded for ground transportation on a trailer or for storage in two minutes. The standard engine available is the ULPower UL260i four-stroke powerplant. The landing gear can be changed from nose wheel to tail wheel configuration in about two hours.
The Escapade Two is certified to United Kingdom BCAR Section "S" and German microlight standards.

</doc>
<doc id="36562379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562379" title="Paralastor">
Paralastor

Paralastor is a very large Australian genus of potter wasps.

</doc>
<doc id="36562383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562383" title="Nadin Dawani">
Nadin Dawani

Nadin Dawani (born 20 April 1988) is a Jordanian Taekwondo practitioner who competes in the 67 kg category. She was born in Amman, Jordan on 20 April 1988. She became the first Jordanian Taekwondo player to be named Asian Champion after winning the gold medal at the 2012 Asian Taekwondo Championships in Vietnam and has qualified for and represented Jordan in the Olympic games of 2004, 2008 and 2012. 
2012 Olympics.
She was flag bearer at 2012 Summer Olympics. In the 2012 olympics, she lost 13—8 in the preliminary round to Maryna Konieva of Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="36562394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562394" title="Bala Rokh Rural District">
Bala Rokh Rural District

Bala Rokh Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7,483, in 1,981 families. The rural district has 19 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562400" title="Chingiz Mamedov">
Chingiz Mamedov

Chingiz Mamedov (born July 9, 1989) is a Kyrgyzstani judoka who competes in the 90 kg category. He was flag bearer at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36562402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562402" title="Serhiy Klippert">
Serhiy Klippert

Sergii Klippert is a paralympic swimmer from Ukraine competing mainly in category S12 events.
Sergii has competed at two paralympic games, in 2004 and 2008, winning a total of nine medals including two gold. In the 2004 games he competed in the 100m breaststroke, 200m individual medley and 400m freestyle as well as winning silver in the 100m backstroke behind Belarusian Raman Makarau who set a new Paralympic games record he was also part of the Ukrainian teams that won the 4x100m freestyle and 4x100m medley gold medals, both in world record times. In Beijing in 2008 he finished fourth in the 100m butterfly as well as finishing second in the 100m freestyle behind his compatriot Maksym Veraksa who won in a new world record time. He also finished second in the 100m backstroke behind world record breaker Alexander Nevolin-Svetov of Russia, he then finished behind both Maksym and Alexander in the 50m freestyle and 200m medley and picked up further bronzes in the 400m freestyle and 100m breaststroke.

</doc>
<doc id="36562403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562403" title="Mian Rokh Rural District">
Mian Rokh Rural District

Mian Rokh Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,903, in 1,429 families. The rural district has 20 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562408" title="Parodynerus">
Parodynerus

Parodynerus is an Australian genus of potter wasps.

</doc>
<doc id="36562413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562413" title="Conference of the Latin Bishops of the Arab Regions">
Conference of the Latin Bishops of the Arab Regions

The Conference of Latin Bishops in the Arab Regions (French: Conférence des Latins Bishop's dans les Arabes Regions) is an agency of the Catholic Church which gathers the bishops of Latin rite members of the Arab States of the Middle East and East Africa.
History.
The Conference was established in 1967 by the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples, and its statutes were confirmed in 1989.
Members and Bodies.
They are part of the Conference, the titular bishops, emeritus, assistants and auxiliary staff of the dioceses following:
Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem to: Israel, Palestine, Jordan and Cyprus
Archdiocese of Baghdad, Iraq
Diocese of Djibouti, Djibouti
Diocese of Mogadishu, Somalia
Vicariate Apostolic of Beirut, Lebanon
Vicariate Apostolic of Alexandria, Egypt
Vicariate Apostolic of Aleppo, Syria
Vicariate Apostolic of South Arabia to United Arab Emirates,
Oman and Yemen
Northern Vicariate Apostolic to Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Kuwait and Qatar
List of Presidents.
1965 - 1970: Alberto Gori
1970 - 1987: James Joseph Beltritti
1987 - 2008: Michel Sabbah
2008 -: Fouad Twal

</doc>
<doc id="36562415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562415" title="Pain Rokh Rural District">
Pain Rokh Rural District

Pain Rokh Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10,156, in 2,458 families. The rural district has 20 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562420" title="Pseudalastor">
Pseudalastor

Pseudalastor is an Australian genus of potter wasps.

</doc>
<doc id="36562427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562427" title="Catharine, Illinois">
Catharine, Illinois

Catharine, also known as Burgess Junction, is an unincorporated community in Serena Township, LaSalle County, Illinois, United States. Catharine is located along County Route 2 west of Sheridan.

</doc>
<doc id="36562435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562435" title="Engelska">
Engelska

The Engelska (Swedish for "English") or Danish Engelsk is a 16-bar Scandinavian folk dance in 2/4. Its name comes from the adoption in Scandinavia of English English country dances and contra dances in the early 19th century. In Denmark the description "Engelsk" was used for both line and square dances of English origin.

</doc>
<doc id="36562446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562446" title="Pseudepipona">
Pseudepipona

Pseudepipona is a genus of potter wasps found in the Palearctic, Nearctic, Afrotropical and Australian regions.

</doc>
<doc id="36562457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562457" title="Madrona Manor">
Madrona Manor

Madrona Manor is a Victorian-era Wine Country bed and breakfast inn in Healdsburg, California, United States, featuring a Michelin-starred restaurant.
History.
In 1879, John Alexander Paxton, a wealthy San Franciscan, bought of land in the Dry Creek Valley area for $10,500. He named this property, just west of Healdsburg, "Madrona Knoll Rancho" as the word "Madrona" is the local term for an "Arbutus" species, notably the distinctive small tree "Arbutus menziesii". In 1880–1881, he built a 17-room, three-story gabled mansion on the property, to which he commuted on weekends from his work in the city.
Paxton died in 1888, leaving 1/4 of his estate to his sister-in-law Mary McClellan, 9/16 to his wife, Hannah McClellan Paxton, and 3/16 to his second son, Charles. He disinherited his eldest son, Blitz, due to disappointment. After Hannah died in 1902, the estate was neglected. Charles died in 1910, leaving Blitz to administer the property. He subdivided the land, and sold along with the buildings to D. H. Botchford in 1918 for $17,500.
In 1981, the property (then down to eight acres) was turned from a family residence into a country inn by new owner John Harry Muir. The Manor was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 2 April 1987.
Bill and Trudi Konrad purchased the Manor in 1999.
In 2006 it was briefly reported that Francis Ford Coppola had purchased the mansion, but a few weeks later the Konrads announced that they could not reach an agreement.
Lodging.
The inn has 23 guest rooms and suites, some of which are in the Carriage House (also built in 1880) and private cottages. The grounds are a popular location for weddings and weekend getaways from San Francisco and Silicon Valley.
Restaurant.
Muir had used his children as chefs, but in 1999 the Konrads brought in Jesse Mallgren to run their restaurant. Since then, he has become one of the area's finest chefs, culminating in the restaurant being awarded a Michelin star in 2008.
Begun during Muir's ownership, and continuing to the present day, are the annual "Dickens Dinners." The November and December dinners feature entertainment along with traditional holiday dishes made with local seasonal ingredients.

</doc>
<doc id="36562468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562468" title="Scandal (season 2)">
Scandal (season 2)

Scandal is an American political thriller television series starring Kerry Washington, created by Shonda Rhimes. The second season of Scandal began airing on September 27, 2012 and concluded on May 16, 2013 and consisted of 22 episodes. The program airs at the same time in Canada through the City television system with simsubbing of the ABC feed.
Cast.
Several casting changes occurred: Henry Ian Cusick as Stephen Finch exited and both Bellamy Young, as First Lady of the United States, and Joshua Malina, as David Rosen, were bumped up to series regulars. Season two began airing in September in the same time slot.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="36562489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562489" title="Rodman Teltull">
Rodman Teltull

Rodman Teltull (born 29 January 1994 in Koror, Palau) is a Palauan sprinter who competes in the 100 metres. He was flag bearer for Palau at the 2012 Summer Olympics opening ceremony. He took part in the 100 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, but did not progress past the preliminaries, though he set a career-best time of 11.06.

</doc>
<doc id="36562503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562503" title="Children's Songs">
Children's Songs

Children's Songs may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36562505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562505" title="Ayanna Alexander">
Ayanna Alexander

Ayanna Alexander is a track and field athlete from Trinidad and Tobago who competes primarily in the triple jump. She competed in track and field collegiately in the United States at Louisiana Tech University and at McLean High School in McLean, VA. She is the Trinidad and Tobago national record holder in the triple jump at 14.15 meters and is the first and only athlete from Trinidad and Tobago to qualify in the triple jump for the Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36562510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562510" title="REGI Base Foundation">
REGI Base Foundation

The REGI Base Foundation is a nonprofit organization based in Prague, Czech Republic, whose goal is to ensure the best possible treatment for veterans of foreign wars.
With a state-of-the-art facility currently being constructed in Svémyslice, Czech Republic, wounded veterans will be able to socialize, recover, and progress with fellow veterans who have similar conditions.
The intent is to provide a location where wounded warriors can receive year-round care if they cannot be treated at home or by the state.
Origins.
The inspiration for REGI Base Foundation came after Chief Warrant Officer Jiří (Regi) Schams was severely wounded during a suicide attack in March 2008 in the Helmand province of Afghanistan. Regi himself had little chance for survival after the attack, but showed signs of improvement after several months of treatment. Today, Regi is confined to a wheelchair due to his brain injury that has affected his motor skills and coordination.
Current Projects.
Project Svémyslice.
The aim of the Foundation is to build a unique, one-of-a-kind facility in the Czech Republic with specialized equipment to provide comprehensive care and rehabilitation to veterans with disabilities. This will provide a one-stop-shop for social, health, and cultural rehabilitation. The interdisciplinary approach to creating a functional system to ensure a complete recovery (based on a responsible collaboration by medical health professionals) not only encourages the participation of major clients, but also family members and friends.
Upon completion, the complex will include a dedicated medical section (equipped with cutting-edge and modern medical equipment and re-convalescent rehabilitation procedures) and provide housing units for long-term therapy clients and hotel-type rooms (for the accommodation of family members, friends, and other visitors).
The center will be open to veterans from both NATO member states and other international armed forces.
Future.
In addition to its original location, REGI Base is also pursuing an expansion of the foundation in San Antonio, Texas, to serve wounded veterans within the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36562513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562513" title="Rylan Hainje">
Rylan Hainje

Rylan Hainje (born March 9, 1980) is an American basketball player. A forward and shooting guard, Hainje was named Horizon League Player of the Year in 2002. Hainje joined the Butler Bulldogs beginning the 1998–99 season after graduating from and playing basketball and football at Cathedral High School in Indianapolis. Upon graduating from Butler, Hainje played professionally in Europe and in the United States as part of the International Basketball League until 2005.
High school.
As a two-sport athlete at Cathedral High School, Hainje helped lead his high school to Indiana High School Athletic Association state championships in both football and basketball. He was both the leading scorer and rebounder on Cathedral team which won the Indiana 3A state basketball title in 1997-98, and was named to the all-sectional, all-regional, all-semistate and all-state tournament teams. In his final season with Cathedral, Hainje averaged 16.8 points and 9.0 rebounds, 2.5 assists, and 1.9 steals per game and was named Indianapolis "City Player of the Year". He was also the starting tight end on Cathedral's state championship football team in 1996.
College.
Hainje was one of two freshmen to play in all 32 games and was a starter in Butler's final 28 games, finishing as the team's second-leading rebounder and third-leading scorer as he scored in double-figures in 10 games. He was named to the 1999 Midwestern Collegiate Conference (MCC) All-Newcomer team. In the 1999 NIT, Hainje shared Butler's scoring lead with 15 points against Old Dominion. 
In his sophomore season, Hainje played in all 31 games, including 28 as a starter. He finished second on the team in minutes played, scoring, and rebounding, and third in assists while he was ranked eighth in the MCC in steals. In the MCC championship gamed, Hainje posted 11 points and a team-high eight rebounds. 
During the 2000–01 season, Hainje started all 32 games, was named to the MCC All-Defensive Team, earned a spot on the MCC All-Tournament team, became the first player since 1997-98 to lead Butler in scoring in three consecutive games (Evansville, Indiana State and UNC-Wilmington), the first Butler player since '97-98 to post back-to-back 20-point performances (Evansville and Indiana State), led the Bulldogs with five 20-point efforts, finished second on the team in rebounding and field goal shooting, and ranked fifth in the conference in field goal shooting. He scored in double-figures in 16 games, including 15 points against #23 Wake Forest in the first round of the NCAA Tournament. Notably, Hainje had team-highs of 18 points and six rebounds against Arizona in the Fiesta Bowl Classic, less than four hours after being treated at a hospital for flu-like symptoms. 
During his senior season, Hainje again played in all 32 games, starting 31 and earning a career highs in points per game (15.2), rebounds per game (6.0)and free throw percentage (71.6%). During the season, Hainje led Butler to its first victory over Purdue since 1954 as he scored 25 points in a 74-68 victory. At the culmination of the season, he was named the 2002 Horizon League Player of the Year.
Professional career.
After graduating from Butler, Hainje considered a return to football as an NFL tight end, and the Indianapolis Colts sent him through a private workout. He opted to continue with basketball and was a member of the Indiana Pacers Summer League Team in 2002. He next played internationally in Körmend, Hungary, where he averaged 12 points and 5 rebounds as he led his team to the Hungarian National Championship. The next season, 2003-2004, Rylan played for Levallois Basket in Roanne, France, averaging 16.5 points and 6.3 rebounds a game. In 2004, Hainje joined the Gary Steelheads, where coach Duane Ticknor described Hainje as "an explosive player with a lot of scoring punch. He does a lot of little things that might not show up in the box score but are appreciated by his teammates and the coaching staff. We are happy to have Rylan on board and are excited to see him perform when training camp opens."

</doc>
<doc id="36562529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562529" title="Bahiya Al-Hamad">
Bahiya Al-Hamad

Bahiya Mansour Al-Hamad (born 21 June 1992 in Qatar) is a Qatari rifle shooter. She was flag bearer at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Bahiya Al-Hamad was named by the Qatar Olympic Committee (QOC) as Best Female Athlete of the Year 2011-2012 . She qualified for the 1st Youth Olympic Games - 2010 Singapore, where she was the flag-bearer at the Opening Ceremony.
Two of her cousins, Amna (air rifle) and Wasmiya Al Abdullah (shotgun), are also members of the national team.
Bahiya Al-Hamad made her Olympic debut for Qatar at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. She placed 17th of 56 at the Women's 10 metre air rifle competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36562530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562530" title="2012–13 Beşiktaş J.K. season">
2012–13 Beşiktaş J.K. season

The 2012-13 season will be the 109th year of Beşiktaş J.K. and their 55th consecutive year in the Süper Lig.
Transfers.
In.
Total spending: €3M 

</doc>
<doc id="36562535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562535" title="Quintin Barry's Top 20 Countdown">
Quintin Barry's Top 20 Countdown

"Quintin Barry's Top 20 Countdown (commonly abbreviated to QB20") is an internationally syndicated, independent radio program created by Quintin Barry and is distributed worldwide by QB Productions.
As its title implies, "QB20" counts down the twenty most popular songs in the United States of America, from #20 to #1. The charts currently are based on data from Mediabase, and published in the Tuesday Edition of "USA Today".
History.
The QB20 debuted in June 2010 on internet radio station "Star 107 The Hits Channel", its only affiliate station. As of August 2012 it currently airs on 12 affiliate stations.
Special Countdowns.
Occasionally "QB's Top 20" airs special countdowns in place of the regular "QB's Top 20" countdown show. These included:

</doc>
<doc id="36562537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562537" title="Thomas A. Gardiner">
Thomas A. Gardiner

Thomas A. Gardiner (August 2, 1832 New York City – May 2, 1881 Brooklyn, Kings County, New York) was an American politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of George W. Gardiner (d. 1852), an Irish-born merchant. The family removed to Brooklyn in 1840. 
As a Democrat, he was a member of the New York State Assembly (Kings Co., 4th D.) in 1859; a member of the New York State Senate (2nd D.) in 1860 and 1861; and Treasurer of Kings County from 1863 to 1880.
He died at his residence, at 49 Portland Ave., Brooklyn, of "hemorrhage of the lungs".

</doc>
<doc id="36562541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562541" title="Love &amp; Consequences">
Love &amp; Consequences

Love & Consequences is the third studio album by American R&B singer Gerald Levert. It was released on July 21, 1998 on 
East West Records. The album was a commercial success, peaking at #17 on the Billboard 200 chart and at #2 on the Top R&B Albums. In addition to his longtime collaborator, Edwin "Tony" Nicholas, Levert worked with more writers and producers including R. Kelly, Joe Little III of Rude Boys (whom Levert discovered) and Darrell "Delite" Allamby. 
Singles included on the album were "Thinkin' Bout It", and "Taking Everything". Both were top 5 R&B hits overall and Levert's biggest crossover hits at #12 and #11 on the Hot 100 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="36562551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562551" title="Besk, Torbat-e Heydarieh">
Besk, Torbat-e Heydarieh

Besk (; also known as Besg, Baiāq, Bāyak, Bāyg, and Bish Baik) is a village in Bayg Rural District, Bayg District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 430, in 121 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562572" title="Zamzam Mohamed Farah">
Zamzam Mohamed Farah

Zamzam Mohamed Farah (born 19 March 1991) is a Somali female athlete from Mogadishu who competes in the Women's 400m. She was one of only two Somali athletes in the London 2012 Games. 
Early life.
Farah was inspired by Mo Farah, a British Somali athlete to take up running. She competed in the London 2012 Olympics at the age of 18-years-old where she participated in the 400m. She also was the flag bearer at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
The facilities she trained in lacked proper equipment. In order to prepare for the Olympics, she and her teammates trained outside where they at times dodged bullets. Their running route was called "the road of death." 
Zamzam ran the 400m heats in a time of 1:20.48 seconds, about 30 seconds behind the winner of her heats. She finished the race as the slowest athlete in the first round, she ended up 45th out of a standing of 49 only ahead of people who did not start, did not finish and ahead of people who were disqualified. She was fasting while she competed in London.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics she received several death threats through Facebook and other communication outlets for exposing herself. Although the threats were worrisome she did not apply for asylum as some news outlets were reporting. Farah still trains and hopes to compete in the next summer Olympics. 
Farah’s initiative in competing at the London Olympics was not about winning but delivering a message to the world that regardless what is happening in Somalia it is still alive. Also her presence at the Olympics is empowering to other women especially Somali women. 
Quotes.
"The most important thing is being able to carry the Somali flag with 203 other countries in the Olympics. That in itself is success." 
"Somalia is not dead. It’s alive."
"I am not going there to win, but for pride...I will be representing my flag, my soil and its people."

</doc>
<doc id="36562584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562584" title="White Lake School District (South Dakota)">
White Lake School District (South Dakota)

The White Lake School District is a public school district in Aurora County, South Dakota, United States, based in White Lake, South Dakota.
Schools.
The White Lake School District has one elementary school, one junior high school, and one high school.

</doc>
<doc id="36562585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562585" title="Fadihah">
Fadihah

Fadihah (, also Romanized as Fadīhah, Fadiha, and Fadīheh; also known as Fadīmeh and Pia) is a village in Bayg Rural District, Bayg District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 380, in 122 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562586" title="Alaxmi Ka Super Parivaar">
Alaxmi Ka Super Parivaar

Alaxmi Ka Super Parivaar, formerly known as Alaxmi - Hamari Super Bahu, is a family drama which airs on Life OK. It is based on the popular Bengali serial, Songsar Sukher Hoy Romonir Gune, that airs on Star Jalsa. 
The show is doing average by gaining (0.70) TRPs but is doing better than any other show at the 9 p.m.(IST) slot on Life OK, since the channel's launch. It was earlier decided to go off air but at the eleventh hour, it got three months extension. It turned from daily to weekly one hour show. From 27th Oct 2012 it started airing every Sat-Sun 7.00 PM. With the change in time slot, the title also changed. It is now titled as "Alaxmi Ka Super Parivaar".
Plot.
Set in the holy city of Dwarka–it is now being currently believed that the city will sink if the Kapadia family in the city does not stop fighting. 
The head of the Kapadia family is a man called Natwarlal. His younger brother Mohandas has three sons and three daughter-in-laws living with him. The women in the house are constantly fighting amongst themselves and making the men compete and fight. Mohandas has grandchildren also who do not fight amongst themselves but constantly get caught in the crossfire. Natwarlal just wants to abandon the family and lead a peaceful family life elsewhere but Mohandas believes it is his duty to look after his children and grandchildren.
The brothers have split their father's transport business into three setups and fight over clients and cut into each other's business. The elder brother Ram, had been in the lockup for a few days. Instead of helping their brother they had chosen to split the business. The brothers are also suspicious of each other because the 99 year lease to this house had been renewed but has gone missing. 
Mohandas's wife Shantiben died twenty two years ago. Post her death he chose the spouses for his three children and rues the days when he made the choice. Although Shantiben is dead and gone to the whole world she loves her husband so much that she still comes and talks to her husband through her photographs and advises him to establish a long holding peace in the house. For bringing prosperity to the house, she believes an antidote is required and the antidote to prosperity is misfortune. She tells him that he will find the antidote once he gets an invite. Mohandas wonders where the invitation will come from.
Twenty kilometres away from this is a village called Sajjan where an orphan girl lives with her Mama and Mami. Her name is Laxmi but the whole world calls her Alaxmi. Her Mami is very cruel to her and so are two of her cousins but her Mama and one cousin love and care for her. Alaxmi is the leader of the children in the village and she is very friendly with a girl called Mini who is of the same age. It so happens that Mini is set to be married off and the invite for the same reaches Mohan Das. How? Mini's father is good friend of Mohandas and this is how he gets the invitation.
Mohandas and Natwarlal are somehow reluctant to take the whole bickering family along so they just take along the eldest son's younger son–Kishan along with him to the wedding. At the wedding Mohandas meets and starts observing the antics of Laxmi. He starts to believe that she can set his household right. To top it all she is literally named Alaxmi and she will definitely prove to be the antidote to the constant strife in his house. He realises that Laxmi never cries in the face of adversity and has practical solutions for every problem and therefore she can take care of herself in "Kargil".
Kishan wants to study "Fashion Design" in Ahmedabad at NIID and for this he needs money which his parents are not willing to give him because they don't think it is worth paying for their son's "Tailoring Training". Mohandas promises Kishan that he will pay for his education if he agrees to marry Laxmi and send him to Ahmedabad.
Laxmi is married off to Kishan and Kishan finds it difficult to tolerate the antics of his "childwoman bride" because she refuses to behave like a traditional bahu. But Laxmi is the perfect antidote to problems of this household and she starts setting things right in her own style and not in a preachy manner.
Laxmi realises that it is the split in the business that is at the core of the discord and she makes them realise that they can run a much better business if they together and become each other's strength. She also stops them from being evicted from the house by finding the lease papers. She does a whole lot of things to help them arrive at total peace. Laxmi also helps Ram absolve himself mof the crime he had never committed.
While Laxmi solves the problems of others and turns them into friends, she begins to face problems of her own. By the time she realises what a husband-wife relationship is, Kishan is already lost to her as Kishan meets a young girl, Kashvi from the rich Sarabhai family of Ahmedabad. Kashvi is his co-student and Kishan is immensely attracted to her. When Kishan is slated to return home he simply tells everyone that he is not coming back to his wife. 
The Kapadia family stands with Laxmi this time and decides to support her and help her unite with Kishan just as she has helped them unite.

</doc>
<doc id="36562595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562595" title="Sa'd al-Dawla">
Sa'd al-Dawla

Sa'd al-Dawla Abu 'l-Ma'ali Sharif, more commonly known by his "laqab" (honorific epithet), Sa'd al-Dawla (), was the second ruler of the Hamdanid Emirate of Aleppo, encompassing most of northern Syria. The son of the emirate's founder, Sayf al-Dawla, he inherited the throne at a young age and in the midst of a major Byzantine offensive that within two years conquered the western portions of his realm and turned Aleppo into a tributary state. Facing a multitude of rebellions and desertions until 977, Sa'd was unable even to enter his own capital, which was in the hands of his father's chief minister, Qarquya. By maintaining close relations with the Buyids, he managed to re-establish his authority in parts of the Jazira, but his rule was soon challenged by the rebellion of his governor Bakjur, who was supported by the Fatimids of Egypt. In turn, Sa'd came to rely increasingly on Byzantine assistance, although he continued to fluctuate in his allegiance between Byzantium, the Buyids, and the Fatimids.
Biography.
Early years.
Sa'd al-Dawla was the son of Sayf al-Dawla, the first Emir of Aleppo, and the sister of Sayf al-Dawla's cousin and court poet, Abu Firas. At the time of his father's death, in February 967, he was only fifteen, and resided at the emirate's Jaziran capital, Mayyafariqin. His succession to the emirate was unopposed, but the state his father had left him was crumbling: the Byzantine emperor Nikephoros II had just conquered Cilicia and was raiding its northern and western provinces, while rebellions of his closest lieutenants had plagued Sayf al-Dawla's last years.
Sa'd al-Dawla reached Aleppo, which for years had been governed by Sayf al-Dawla's chief minister and chamberlain ("hajib"), Qarquya, in June/July 967. Almost immediately he was confronted by a rebellion of his uncle, Abu Firas, at the time governor of Homs, which lasted until the latter's death in battle in April 968. At the same time, Aleppo itself was threatened by the Byzantines, and Sa'd al-Dawla, on the advice of Qarquya, left the city. The Byzantines did not attack the city, but Qarquya and his fellow "ghilman" (military slaves) seized the moment to claim the city for themselves. Accompanied by 300 faithful followers, Sa'd al-Dawla was thus reduced to wandering from city to city across the lands that were nominally his, hoping to gain entry: Saruj, Manbij and Harran refused to support him, while at Mayyafariqin his own mother refused to let him in. Finally, he found refuge at Homs. In the meantime, many of his father's old supporters left to join his cousin Abu Taghlib, Emir of Mosul, who used the opportunity to expand his own territory. Immediately after Sayf al-Dawla's death, he captured al-Raqqah, and by 971 extended his control over the provinces of Diyar Bakr and Diyar Mudar. Sa'd al-Dawla, unable to offer any resistance, tacitly accepted these losses as well as his cousin's suzerainty. 
The year 969 was a crucial one in Syrian history, as it marked the climax of the Byzantine advance. In October, the generals Michael Bourtzes and Peter Phokas captured Antioch, securing their control over the north Syrian littoral. Soon after, the Byzantines marched against Aleppo itself and forced Qarquya to sign a treaty (December 969 or January 970) making Aleppo a tributary Byzantine protectorate with Qarquya as emir and his deputy, Bakjur, as his designated successor. At the same time, in Egypt, the Fatimids defeated the Ikhshidids and gained control of the country, from where they advanced into southern Syria. The competition between these two powers, Byzantium and the Fatimids, would shape the history of Syria and of Aleppo for the next fifty years.
Recovery of Aleppo, conflicts with Bakjur, the Fatimids and Byzantium.
It was not until 977 that Sa'd al-Dawla managed to regain his capital, which by now was under the control of Bakjur, who in 975 had deposed and imprisoned Qarquya. Aided by some of his father's "ghilman", and, crucially, the powerful Banu Kilab tribe living around Aleppo, Sa'd al-Dawla besieged Aleppo and captured it. Qarquya was set free and again entrusted with the affairs of state until his death a few years later, while Bakjur was given the governorship of Homs. Soon after, in 979, he was able to capitalize upon Abu Taghlib's conflict with the Buyids of Iraq to recover some of his father's domains in the Jazira: after acknowledging Buyid suzerainty, he received governorship of the Diyar Mudar, except for al-Raqqah and Rahba. At the same time, he also received from the Abbasid Caliph—who was a puppet of the Buyids—the honorific "laqab" by which he is known. 
Bakjur, in the meantime, had used his new post at Homs to open contacts with the Fatimids, who intended to use him as a pawn to subdue Aleppo and complete their conquest of the entirety of Syria. Sa'd al-Dawla himself oscillated between the Fatimids and Byzantium: on the one hand he resented Byzantine overlordship and was willing to acknowledge the Fatimid Caliph, but on the other hand was did not want to see his domain become merely another Fatimid province like southern Syria. His first attempt to shake free of the Byzantine protectorate, in 981, thus ended in failure due to lack of outside support, when a Byzantine army appeared before Aleppo's walls to enforce compliance. The Fatimids now induced Bakjur to act, and in September 983, the latter launched an attack on Aleppo with the support of Fatimid troops. Sa'd al-Dawla was forced to appeal to the Byzantine emperor Basil II for help, and the siege was raised by a Byzantine army under Bardas Phokas the Younger. The Byzantines then proceeded to sack Homs in October. The city was returned to Hamdanid control, while Bakjur fled to Fatimid territory, where he assumed the governorship of Damascus. It is an indication of the strained relations between Sa'd al-Dawla and his "saviours" that after Bakjur's flight, there were clashes between Byzantine and Hamdanid troops, which were settled only when the Hamdanid emir agreed to pay twice the usual yearly amount of tribute of 20,000 gold dinars. 
Hamdanid relations with Byzantium collapsed completely in 985–986, after the Fatimids took the Byzantine fortress of Balanyas. Sa'd al-Dawla refused to continue paying tribute. As a result, the Byzantines under Bardas Phokas invaded his territory and sacked Killis before retracing their steps and marching south to an unsuccessful siege of Apamea. In retaliation, Sa'd al-Dawla sent his troops to raze the famous monastery of Qal'at Sim'an. However, soon after that, in May 986, the prospect of an imminent conclusion of a peace between Byzantium and Egypt forced Sa'd al-Dawla to return to his earlier allegiance, and he re-affirmed his tributary status on the same terms as before. This did not prevent Sa'd al-Dawla from supporting the Byzantine general Bardas Skleros in his second rebellion against Basil II, once he was released from Buyid captivity in December 896, nor of recognizing Fatimid suzerainty in the same month, especially as Byzantium now descended into a civil war that lasted until 989.
Warfare with the Fatimids once again threatened in 991, again because of Bakjur. He had governed Damascus until 988, when he was deposed, and then fled to Raqqah. From there, though with little support from the Fatimids, he tried to attack Aleppo. Sa'd al-Dawla, with Byzantine assistance in the form of troops under the "doux" of Antioch, Michael Bourtzes, was able to defeat and capture Bakjur at Na'ura east of Aleppo in April 991, and later had him executed. Nevertheless, relations with the Fatimids soured over Sa'd al-Dawla's arrest of Bakjur's children, and it was only his death of hemiplegia in December 991 that stopped him from attacking Fatimid possessions. 
Sa'd al-Dawla was succeeded by his son, Sa'id Abu 'l-Fada'il Sa'id al-Dawla, but real power rested in the hands of Sa'd al-Dawla's former chamberlain, Lu'lu'. Several of the Hamdanid "ghilman", resenting the influence of Lu'lu', went over to the Fatimids, who now launched a sustained offensive against Aleppo under the Turkish general Manjutakin. Only the personal intervention of Basil II in 995 and again in 999 would save the emirate from Fatimid conquest. Warfare lasted until 1000, when a peace treaty was concluded guaranteeing Aleppo's continued existence as a buffer state between the two powers. Finally, in 1002, Lu'lu' assassinated Sa'id al-Dawla and assumed control of Aleppo in his own name.

</doc>
<doc id="36562600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562600" title="Geshn, Razavi Khorasan">
Geshn, Razavi Khorasan

Geshn () is a village in Bayg Rural District, Bayg District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 88, in 31 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562609" title="Geshn">
Geshn

Geshn () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36562615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562615" title="Majededdin Ghazal">
Majededdin Ghazal

Majededdin Ghazal (born 21 April 1987 in Damascus) is a Syrian high jumper. He was flag bearer at the 2012 Summer Olympics. In the Men's high jump event, he ranked 28th and did not advance to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36562616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562616" title="Hesar, Torbat-e Heydarieh">
Hesar, Torbat-e Heydarieh

Hesar (, also Romanized as Ḩeşār) is a village in Bayg Rural District, Bayg District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,265, in 399 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562622" title="Khvoresh Bar">
Khvoresh Bar

Khvoresh Bar (; also known as Khūresh and Kūresh Bar) is a village in Bayg Rural District, Bayg District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 350, in 93 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562635" title="Ganzi Mugula">
Ganzi Mugula

Ganzi Mugula (born 24 July 1979) is an Olympic swimmer from Uganda. He has swum for Uganda at the:
At the 2012 Olympics, he served as Uganda's flagbearer.

</doc>
<doc id="36562654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562654" title="Allied Stars Ltd">
Allied Stars Ltd

Allied Stars Ltd is a film production company created by Egyptian businessman Mohamed Al-Fayed in the late 1970s.
Al-Fayed appointed his son, Dodi Fayed as the chief executive. Allied Star's first production was the 1980 musical "Breaking Glass", which flopped, costing Al-Fayed £50,000. The next production backed by Allied Stars was the drama "Chariots of Fire", in which Al-Fayed invested £3 million and purchased a 25% stake in the film. The film was also financed by Twentieth Century Fox and distributed by Alan Ladd, Jr.'s The Ladd Company. Dodi Fayed was barred from the set of "Chariots of Fire" by the director, David Putnam, after he distributed cocaine to the cast. Putnam also described Fayed as "one of the laziest human beings I've ever come across...So the idea of him being an executive producer was always going to be hopeless because he had the attention span of the average flea". Putnam's allegations were rejected by Michael Cole, Al-Fayed's spokesperson.
Before the completion of "Chariots of Fire", Al-Fayed sold his stake for a share of the profits if the film succeeded. The film was a huge success and earned Allied Stars $6 million.
Keith Allen's 2011 documentary on the death of Diana, Princess of Wales, "Unlawful Killing", was funded by Al-Fayed at a cost of £2.5 million, and produced by Allied Stars.

</doc>
<doc id="36562655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562655" title="Rud Majan">
Rud Majan

Rud Majan (, also Romanized as Rūd Ma‘jan; also known as Rāzmaghān, Rāzmgahān, and Zarmajān) is a village in Bayg Rural District, Bayg District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 956, in 330 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562663" title="Razg, Torbat-e Heydarieh">
Razg, Torbat-e Heydarieh

Razg (; also known as Razak, Razk, Razq, Razzāq, and Razzīq) is a village in Bayg Rural District, Bayg District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 463, in 117 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562665" title="Kurdish Supreme Committee">
Kurdish Supreme Committee

The Kurdish Supreme Committee (Kurdish: "Desteya Bilind a Kurd") is a governing body of Syrian Kurdistan, which was founded by the Kurdish Democratic Union Party (PYD) and the Kurdish National Council (KNC), following the signing on 12 July 2012 of a cooperation agreement between the two parties in Hewlêr, Iraqi Kurdistan under the auspice of the Iraqi Kurdistan President Massoud Barzani. The member board consists of an equal number of PYD and KNC members. The committee's armed wing is the Popular Protection Units.

</doc>
<doc id="36562675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562675" title="Thomas Nichols Putnam House">
Thomas Nichols Putnam House

The Thomas Nichols Putnam House on Main St. in Carrington, North Dakota, United States, is an American Foursquare house with Classical Revival architecture elements that was built in 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
Thomas Nichols Putnam was an early settler of Carrington. He influenced the community's development through his lumberyard business and in many other ways.

</doc>
<doc id="36562676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562676" title="Miracast">
Miracast

Miracast is a peer-to-peer wireless screencasting standard formed via Wi-Fi Direct connections in a manner similar to Bluetooth. It enables wireless delivery of audio and video to or from desktops, tablets, mobile phones, and other devices. It allows users to, for example, echo display from a phone or tablet onto a TV, share a laptop screen with the conference room projector in real-time, and watch live programs from a home cable box on a tablet. Both the sending and receiving devices must support Miracast for the technology to work. However, to stream music and movies to a device, such as a TV, that does not support Miracast, adapters are available that plug into HDMI or USB ports.
Miracast allows a portable device or computer to send, securely, up to 1080p HD video and 5.1 surround sound (AAC and AC3 are optional codecs, mandated codec is linear pulse-code modulation — 16 bits 48 kHz 2 channels). The protocol uses a direct Wi-Fi connection between the two devices without involvement of a wireless router and cannot be used to stream to a router access point. It was created by the Wi-Fi Alliance.
Devices.
The Wi-Fi Alliance maintains a current list of Miracast-certified devices, both source devices and display devices. The technology and certification is fairly new with the first devices being certified in September 2012. As of January 19, 2013, only just over 100 devices in total were certified.
Nvidia announced support for it in their Tegra 3 platform, and Freescale Semiconductor, Texas Instruments, Qualcomm, Marvell Technology Group and other chip vendors have also announced their plans to support it.
Both devices (the sender and the receiver) need to be Miracast certified for the technology to work. However, to stream music and movies to a non-certified device there will be Miracast adapters available that plug into HDMI or USB ports.
On 29 October 2012, Google announced that Android version 4.2 (updated version of Jelly Bean) will support the Miracast wireless display standard, and by default will have integrated features for it. As of January 8, 2013, the LG Nexus 4 and Sony's Xperia Z, ZL, T and V officially support the function, as does HTC One, Motorola in their Droid Maxx & Ultra flagships, and Samsung in its Galaxy S III and Galaxy Note II under the moniker "AllShare Cast". The Galaxy S4 uses Samsung Link for its implementation. In October 2013, BlackBerry released its 10.2.1 update to the existing line of BlackBerry 10 devices, which brings Miracast and Wi-Fi Direct support to the Z30,Z10,Q10 and Q5 models.
In April 2013, Rockchip unveiled a Miracast adapter powered by the RK2928.
Microsoft also added support for Miracast in Windows 8.1 (announced this in June 2013). This functionality first became available in the Windows 8.1 Preview, and is available on hardware with supported Miracast drivers from hardware (GPU) manufacturers such as those listed above.
On 28 July 2013, Google announced the availability of the Chromecast powered by a Marvell DE3005-A1, but despite the similarity in name and Google's early support of Miracast in Android, the Chromecast does not support Miracast at this time.
Advantages.
The technology was promoted to work across devices, regardless of brand. Miracast devices negotiate settings for each connection, which simplifies the process for the users.
In particular, it obviates having to worry about format or codec details. Miracast is "effectively a wireless HDMI cable, copying everything from one screen to another using the H.264 codec and its own digital rights management (DRM) layer emulating the HDMI system". The Wi-Fi Alliance suggested that Miracast could also be used by a set-top box wanting to stream content to a TV, or tablet.
Types of media streamed.
Miracast can stream videos that are in 1080p, media with DRM such as DVDs, as well as protected premium content streaming, enabling devices to stream feature films and other copy-protected materials. This is accomplished by using a Wi-Fi version of the same trusted content mechanisms used on cable-based HDMI and DisplayPort connections.
Disadvantages.
Miracast is limited to Wi-Fi Direct supported devices. Comparing to other IP-based screen mirroring applications such as Splashtop, MirrorOp, VNC and RDP, Miracast cannot run on all IP networks such as conventional Wi-Fi, wired Ethernet, HomePlug powerline networking and Internet, but those IP-based screen mirroring applications can run on Wi-Fi Direct. The Miracast standard also has "optional components" such as Wireless Multimedia Extensions (WMM). The use of optional components in "standards" often causes issues if one vendor supports the options components and another does not. Its reliance on Wi-Fi Direct also reduces the attractiveness of the technology in enterprise environments.
Latency.
Certification does not mandate a maximum latency (i.e. the time between display of picture on the source and display of the mirrored image on the sync display).
Legacy device incompatibility.
The Wi-Fi Alliance certified the Wi-Fi Direct protocol in October 2010, and the first smartphone to ship with Wi-Fi Direct was the Samsung Galaxy S II, released in February 2011. All new Android devices starting with Android 4.0x (Ice Cream Sandwich) support Wi-Fi Direct. Desktop PC hardware can be upgraded with new Wi-Fi-Direct-compatible hardware. Only embedded devices will not be able to be upgraded.
There are serious incompatibilities between Miracast devices.
OS support.
Miracast support is built into Android 4.2 or later and starting with Android 4.4, devices can be certified to the Wi-Fi Alliance Display Specification as Miracast compatible. Miracast is also built into BlackBerry 10.2.1 devices and Microsoft Windows Phone 8.1 and Windows 8.1 although developers can implement Miracast on top of the built-in Wi-Fi Direct support in Windows 7 and Windows 8. Another way to support Miracast in Windows is with Intel's proprietary WiDi v3.5 or above. Apple supports its own AirPlay mirroring instead of Miracast on OS X.
For the Linux desktop there exists MiracleCast which provides early support for miracast but is not tied to that single protocol.
Business.
IHS iSuppli Research predicts annual shipments of Miracast-certified devices to exceed one billion units by 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="36562686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562686" title="The Burning Prince">
The Burning Prince

The Burning Prince is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". 
Plot.
The Doctor arrives in the glorious galactic Drashani Empire, after a terminated wedding brings two royal houses to war.

</doc>
<doc id="36562689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562689" title="Dan Buckingham">
Dan Buckingham

Dan Buckingham is a wheelchair rugby player from New Zealand, and a member of the national team, the Wheel Blacks.
Dan first made the team for the Chris Handy Cup tournament against Australia in 2001.
He competed as part of the Wheel Blacks in the 2004 Summer Paralympics where they won the gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36562699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562699" title="Daily Sun (Warner Robins, Georgia)">
Daily Sun (Warner Robins, Georgia)

The Daily Sun was a daily newspaper founded in 1969 by Foy Evans to serve Warner Robins, Georgia.
Evans sold the paper to Roy H. Park in 1972. Park's papers were acquired by Media General in 1996. In 1997, Media General sold 43 papers to Community Newspaper Holdings. CNHI sold "The Daily Sun" to Knight Ridder, owner of the "The Macon Telegraph", later in the year as part of a newspaper trade. It was published in Warner Robins from 1969 until 2003, when it was merged with "The Macon Telegraph". The merged newspaper became known as "The Telegraph". The final edition of "The Daily Sun" was published February 2, 2003.
From 2002 to 2008, a weekly section of "The Telegraph" known as "Houston Peach" covered news in Houston County. Since 2008, a free weekly newspaper and portion of "The Telegraph" website known as "The Sun News" has been dedicated to news from Houston County.

</doc>
<doc id="36562703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562703" title="Rudl">
Rudl

The rudl or rull is a western Norwegian couple's folk dance in 2/4 or duple 6/8 related to the Swedish "snoa".

</doc>
<doc id="36562704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562704" title="Razzaq">
Razzaq

Razzaq (Arabic, Persian, Urdu: رزاق) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36562716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562716" title="José Moldes">
José Moldes

José Moldes (January 1, 1785 - April 18, 1824) was an Argentine military leader. He was born in the Salta Province, and moved to Spain in his infancy. His father was Antonio Moldes y González, from Barro (Barro is a municipality in Galicia, Spain in the province of Pontevedra). He served in the Spanish army, and joined lodges in Cádiz opposed to the absolutist monarchy. He left Spain and moved to Buenos Aires, supporting the faction of Mariano Moreno after the May Revolution. He was exiled by the 1811 coup, but returned to the Assembly of the Year XIII. He was proposed in 1816 as a possible Supreme Director of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata by deputies of the Congress of Tucumán, but José de San Martín feared that his strong feud with Buenos Aires may break national unity, and opposed his candidacy.

</doc>
<doc id="36562722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562722" title="Sorkhabad, Razavi Khorasan">
Sorkhabad, Razavi Khorasan

Sorkhabad (, also Romanized as Sorkhābād) is a village in Bayg Rural District, Bayg District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 435, in 146 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562742" title="Anniversary Park">
Anniversary Park

Anniversary Park is an urban park located at the south end of the George Washington University campus, on F Street between Northwest 21st and 22nd Streets, in Washington, D.C. The park commemorates George Washington University's 175th anniversary and contains benches, a garden and grills. As part of the GW Alumni Brick Program, bricks for the class of 1996 are located in Anniversary Park.

</doc>
<doc id="36562749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562749" title="Sorkhabad">
Sorkhabad

Sorkhabad (), also rendered as Surkhabad, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36562753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562753" title="Abrud, Torbat-e Heydarieh">
Abrud, Torbat-e Heydarieh

Abrud (, also Romanized as Ābrūd; also known as Uru) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,636, in 420 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562755" title="Apoquindo Avenue">
Apoquindo Avenue

Apoquindo Avenue is a major thoroughfare in Santiago, Chile. It extends through the district of Las Condes.
Description.
Apoquindo Avenue originates immediately east of Tobalaba Avenue. The main stretch of this street runs eastward from the eastern end of Providencia Avenue at Canal San Carlos to Américo Vespucio Avenue, passing on the way through El Golf neighborhood. Glass fronted buildings rise on both sides of the avenue along this section. It has three lanes each way and wide sidewalks.
West of Manquehue Avenue, Las Condes Avenue branches off from Apoquindo. The San Vicente Ferrer Church marks the terminus of the avenue.
Santiago Metro.
The eastern portion of the Line 1 of the Santiago Metro runs under Apoquindo Avenue, stopping at El Golf, Alcántara, Escuela Militar, Manquehue, Hernando de Magallanes and Los Dominicos stations.

</doc>
<doc id="36562760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562760" title="Johan Letzelter">
Johan Letzelter

Johan Letzelter (born 19 September 1984) is a French professional footballer who last played as a defender for Chamois Niortais.

</doc>
<doc id="36562761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562761" title="Mauro Vila">
Mauro Vila

Mauro Vila (born February 23, 1986 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for Universidad Técnica de Cajamarca of the Torneo Descentralizado in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="36562763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562763" title="Hindenburg disaster in popular culture">
Hindenburg disaster in popular culture

The Hindenburg disaster has featured in a variety of popular culture films, TV programs and books. 
Film.
"The Hindenburg" is a 1975 film about the disaster. Although much of the storyline is fictional, they were based on real bomb threats before the flight began, as well as proponents of the sabotage theory.
"Hindenburg" is a 2011 made-for-TV film starring Maximillian Simonischek, Lauren Lee Smith, Stacy Keach and Greta Scacchi. It was initially aired on RTL dubbed in German as a two-part series and later released as a DVD in English. It was later aired in US on Encore. Similar to the 1975 film, it focuses on the sabotage theory, though much of the storyline is completely fictional.
Literature.
In the Neal Stephenson novel "Cryptonomicon" the fictional character Lawrence Waterhouse is atop a fire tower in the Pine Barrens when he is "distracted by a false sunrise that lit up the clouds off to the northeast." Upon reaching the scene the author describes a disjointed scene of news reporters, an intense fire, people carrying charred bodies onto stretchers, and "a rocket-shaped pod stuck askew from the sand, supporting an umbrella of bent-back propellers." Lawrence Waterhouse returns to the campsite and remarks, "Also I dreamed last night that a zeppelin was burning."
In the 2001 novel "Passage" by Connie Willis, the Hindenburg disaster is referred to at length, as the favorite disaster of Maisie, a little girl with heart problems and a passion for famous disasters, in the hospital where Dr. Joanna Lander, the main character, is investigating near-death experiences.
Love and Hydrogen, by Jim Shepard, deals with two crew men aboard the Hindenburg, Meinert and Gnüss, and their hidden love. The story takes place a day before the explosion and the moment of.
In Book three of the The Pendragon Adventures by D.J. MacHale: The Never War. The Hindenburg disaster is the major event to change first earth.The Traveler eventually realize that the Hindenburg disaster must happen to prevent larger disasters such as an atomic bomb dropped on the U.S.
Music.
Blues musician Lead Belly wrote a song titled, "The Hindenburg Disaster" (1937). This song can be heard on the record "Leadbelly: The Library of Congress Recordings", recorded by John A. Lomax and Alan Lomax for Folkways Music Publishers.
The cover of Led Zeppelin's self-titled debut album shows a stylized photo of the "Hindenburg" disaster with the band's name in the upper left corner. The name of the band itself is in reference to a crashing zeppelin.
Television.
In season 1, episode 4 of "Entourage (TV Series)", Ari suggests to Vince that his next movie should be Hindenburg stating that, "It's like Titanic on a blimp." No further reference is made in the episode.
In season 2, episode 17 of "", the twist at the end of "Bon Voyage" reveals that the story has been taking place on the "Hindenburg" moments before the crash. At the end of the episode, the story was revealed to be fictional.
"Seinfeld" made at least two references to the disaster. At the end of the episode "The Pothole," Newman's mail truck erupts into flames (after a series of events caused by Kramer), causing him to cry out, "Oh, the humanity!" The episode "The Puerto Rican Day" features a subplot in which George attempts to deliver a comical line ("That's gotta hurt!") during the fiery climax of the (fictional) film "Blimp: The Hindenburg Story".
In "The Sopranos" episode, "Soprano Home Movies", Phil Leotardo notes the disappearance of Fat Dom Gamiello, and surmises that the Sopranos family killed Dom because he was last seen in New Jersey. Tony Soprano denies that claim, emphasizing the lack of evidence to support it, and adds: "The "Hindenburg" was last seen in New Jersey, too".
In the 1996 episode of The Simpsons "Bart the Fink" Bart receives a cheque book depicting the Hindenburg Disaster.
In "Rescue Me's" first season episode "Kansas", Sean Garrity learns about the Hindenburg disaster after his crew made fun of him for not knowing what it was.
The "Hindenburg" disaster is chronicled in the popular 1970s television drama, "The Waltons" where John Boy Walton wins a writing contest to cover the landing of the "Hindenburg", witnessing the unforeseen tragedy up close and in person. Original newsreel footage of the event was integrated into the episode's scenes.
On the popular CBS situation comedy "WKRP in Cincinnati" episode "Turkeys Away" the depiction of falling turkeys by Les Nessman is intended to emulate Herbert Morrison's broadcast.
In season 4 of the sitcom 'Til Death, Brad Garrett's character Eddy is writing a book on the "Hindenberg" disaster.
In the season 11 episode of "Family Guy" titled "Yug Ylimaf", Brian goes back in time to the "Hindenberg" disaster to have sex with a girl he met. They use the footage of the disaster in that scene and add Brian and the girl to the footage.
On "The Richard Bey Show" they used the audio from the disaster as a sound effect, specifically the "Oh the humanity!" line.
Victor Rjesnjansky on A&E's "" often refers to his competitors, Ricky and Bubba, as "the Hindenburgs," a reference to their portly physique.
In the "Archer" episode "Skytanic", which takes place on board an airship, Archer makes several references to the Hindenberg due to his paranoia about the airship catching fire, despite the airship's captain repeatedly telling him that the ship uses non-flammable helium.
Television investigations.
The Discovery Channel series "MythBusters" explored the incendiary paint hypothesis and the hydrogen hypothesis in an episode that aired January 10, 2007. While their experiments didn't concern what actually started the fire, the show's hosts, Adam Savage and Jamie Hyneman, demonstrated that when set alight with a blowtorch a 1:50 scale model of the "Hindenburg" burnt twice as fast in the presence of diffused hydrogen as without it. Combustion was observed in the burning skin, which would have accelerated the fire, but their experiments showed that hydrogen was the main fuel. The hydrogen filled model produced a fire with flames that came out of the nose and resembled the newsreel footage of the "Hindenburg" disaster. That program concluded that the IPT myth was "Busted".
The "MythBusters" constructed three 1/50 scale models made out of welded steel wire and covered in cotton fabric. They were suspended from a hangar ceiling and stayed horizontal the entire time. The first model was painted with iron-oxide and then aluminum powder dopes, closely replicating the actual skin of the "Hindenburg". Ignited with a blowtorch, it took about 2 minutes to burn, with thermite-like events (sparkling blazes) noted in a few places. The second model had the same skin, but a water trough inside diffused hydrogen gas at sub-explosive concentrations. This one burned about twice as fast, with more thermite burning. The third model, done more for spectacle than anything else, had the skin painted with a thermite-like iron-oxide and aluminum powder enriched dope. It was noted that it would probably be far too heavy to fly. With model 2's hydrogen enrichment, it took 30 seconds to completely consume the skin. The conclusion was that neither the hydrogen gas nor the flammable skin bore sole responsibility for the speed of the fire, but both contributed.
The National Geographic Channel program "Seconds From Disaster" had veteran air crash investigator Greg Feith study all of the available evidence, including eyewitness accounts, interviews with the last two living survivors, newsreel footage, weather reports, and the "Hindenburg" blueprints. Feith burned a sample of doped cloth and it took one minute to consume the whole piece, ruling out the skin as the primary accelerant. Feith's investigation came to a conclusion that the hydrogen puncture hypothesis was most probable. He also proved that by adding white cloth to a hydrogen flame that it would change the fire's color from invisible to orange.
"In Search of...", a show mainly focused on paranormal investigations and conspiracy theories, made an episode based on this tragic accident, and immediately raised the question of whether it was really an accident or instead sabotage by then-Nazi Germany.
In popular Sly Cooper Franchise, Bentley references to Hindenburg by stating "Hindenburg part 2" while the player is carrying a tnt on their back with a timer about to explode.

</doc>
<doc id="36562765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562765" title="Battle of Roncevaux Pass (824)">
Battle of Roncevaux Pass (824)

The Battle of Roncevaux Pass was a battle in which a Basque army defeated a Carolingian military expedition in 824. The battle took place only 46 years after the first Battle of Roncevaux Pass (778) in a confrontation showing similar features: a Basque force engaging from the mountains a northbound expedition led by the Franks, and the same geographical setting (the Roncevaux Pass or a spot near-by). The battle resulted in the defeat of the Carolingian military expedition and the capture of its commanders Aeblus and Aznar Sánchez in 824. The clash was to have further reaching consequences than those of the 778 engagement: the immediate establishment of the independent Kingdom of Pamplona. 
Background.
After Louis the Pious' half-hearted expedition to Pamplona circa 814, Eneko Arista, who held strong family ties with the Banu Qasi led by his half-brother Musa, prevailed in the fortress circa 816 (or earlier) after news of Charlemagne's death (814) spread and a Frankish vassal, Belasko of Pamplona—"Velasco", cited as "Balask al-Yalaski" in Muslim sources—was defeated in the Battle of Pancorbo. In 816 the revolt in Pamplona extended north across the Pyrenees, and in 816 Louis the Pious deposed Seguin (Sihimin) Duke of Vasconia and count of Bordeaux, who had been created duke of Vasconia in 812, for failing to suppress or sympathising with the rebellion, so triggering a widespread revolt. 
The Basque lords both sides of the Pyrenees rebelled but were soon subdued in Dax by the Carolingian king Louis (817). Lupus Centullo was then appointed duke (818), but this too was immediately deposed after he rebelled. Meanwhile, in Aragon (Jaca) the pro-Frankish count Aznar Galindez was overthrown by Eneko´s allied count Garcia Malo (Garcia, 'the young' in old Basque) in 820. All Vasconia remained at this point in a shaky state of rebellion and the Frankish tenure on the Hispanic Marches was shifting out of control.
The battle.
In 824 an expedition was mustered by the Carolingian king in the Vasconia remaining under Frankish overlordship (north of the Pyrenees). The military force was headed by the Duke of Vasconia Aznar Sanchez (maybe son of the Basque duke Lupo), who led Basque troops hailing from current Gascony, and count Aeblus (""Aeblus et Asinarius comites cum copiis Wasconum ad Pampilonam missi""), commanding a Frankish army. The military force headed south with a view to quashing the Basque rebellion centred in Pamplona. The expedition arrived in the Basque stronghold, but found no resistance and with the expedition having accomplished its goals they made their way back north with goods looted on the town. 
However, on the sinuous narrow passes of the region of Cize (according to Umayyad chroniclers), a joint force including Navarrese (Eneko Arista), Banu Qasi and Aragonese awaited them hidden in the forests. The Basques engaged the two columns in their terrain and the Carolingian forces were severely crushed. Not only were the troops routed, but the two commanders of the expedition were captured by the assailants.
Aftermath.
After the Carolingian defeat, the two commanders followed a different fate: while the Frankish count Aeblus was sent prisoner to Córdoba, Aznar Sánchez was released thanks to his kinship with the captors (""Asinarius vero misericordia eorum, qui eum ceperant, quasi qui consanguineus eorum esset"") a fact that evidenced the good relations entertained at that moment by the joint Banu Qasi - Arista tandem with the Cordovan Umayyad, maybe after the accession to the throne of Abd ar-Rahman II in 822.
Eneko Arista came up victorious after the battle and became the undisputed ruler of Pamplona. The new independent Basque kingdom brought about the definite detachment of the territories south of the Pyrenées from the Duchy of Vasconia suzerain to the Franks, as well as the loss of control over the Hispanic Marches for them and the start of an on-off alliance between the kings of Pamplona and the muwallad Banu Qasi.

</doc>
<doc id="36562781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562781" title="Ab Barik-e Olya, Razavi Khorasan">
Ab Barik-e Olya, Razavi Khorasan

Ab Barik-e Olya (, also Romanized as Āb Barīk-e ‘Olyā and Āb Barīk ‘Olyā; also known as Āb Bārīk, Āb Bārīk-e Bālā, Obalik, and Obalik Bāla ) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 19 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562799" title="Winter House (Goodrich, North Dakota)">
Winter House (Goodrich, North Dakota)

The Winter House near Goodrich, North Dakota was built in 1900. It built in vernacular Russian-German style by Daniel Winter. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places but was delisted in 2009.
Delisting usually means that a building was demolished or otherwise lost its historic integrity.
Built by immigrant Daniel Winter, it is significant as a surviving example of what is termed "puddled clay" construction, brought from Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="36562801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562801" title="Springar">
Springar

The springar is a Norwegian couple's folk dance with an uneven 3/4 rhythm, traditionally danced by a man and a woman. The man is given more opportunity to improvise his moves.

</doc>
<doc id="36562806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562806" title="Academia Brasileira de Médicos Escritores">
Academia Brasileira de Médicos Escritores

The Academia Brasileira de Médicos Escritores (Brazilian Academy of Medical Writers), founded in November 26, 1987 and officially installed on May 26, 1989, the city of Rio de Janeiro is an academy of letters that meets medical writers in Brazil.
It is the first academy in Brazil that uniquely brings together medical writers, and also unique in the world with this feature.
It is affiliated to the "Association of Brazilian Academies of Arts" (Associação das Academias de Letras do Brasil).
History.
The creation of an academy of medical writers was designed by the physician Matheus Vasconcelos, launching the idea at the regional Rio de Janeiro of Brazilian Society of Medical Writers.
Since then, a group formed by Matheus Vasconcelos himself and more Marco Aurelio Caldas Barbosa, Miguel Callile Junior, Tito de Abreu Fialho, Maria José Werneck, Luiz de Araujo Gondim Lins, Perilo Galvão Peixoto and Syllos Sant'anna Reis went to meet as the organizing committee of the academy then gestated.
Matheus Vasconcelos and Miguel Callile Junior died before installation of the academy, becoming the patrons of their seat.
Patrons and members.
The Abrames is composed of fifty seats, with the principle of tenure changed, creating the membership emeritus, occurs when the vacancy of the seat without its owner, still alive, miss the academic condition.

</doc>
<doc id="36562807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562807" title="The Acheron Pulse">
The Acheron Pulse

The Acheron Pulse is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Plot.
The Doctor returns to The Drashani Empire, which is now under attack from alien invaders known as The Wrath.

</doc>
<doc id="36562808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562808" title="2012–13 Crystal Palace F.C. season">
2012–13 Crystal Palace F.C. season

The 2012–13 season is the eighth consecutive season in the Championship. This season saw Dougie Freedman take charge for a third season, before departing to manage Bolton on 23 October. Lennie Lawrence and Curtis Fleming acted in caretaker roles, with Lawrence managing for the away games against Barnsley and Leicester which saw Palace take four points. Although Ian Holloway was appointed manager on 3 November, Fleming took charge for that day's home win against Blackburn. Holloway's first game in charge was the 5-0 home win against Ipswich which saw the club climb to the top of the table.
The 2-1 away victory against Peterborough United F.C. on 10 November saw the club make their best start to the season in 37 years. With the following home win against Derby on 17 November Palace extended their unbeaten run to 14 games, a run ended by the away defeat to Leeds United on 24 November. Palace managed to score in every single one of the first 18 matches of the 2012–2013 Championship season, a feat unmatched in the division this season.
Despite a poor run towards the end of the season with only 1 win in their final 10 league games, Crystal Palace gained promotion to the Premier League for the 1st time in 8 years after beating Watford 1-0 in the 2013 Football League Championship play-off Final at Wembley.
In the League Cup Palace beat Exeter away, coming from behind to win 2-1, before losing to Preston, again away from home, in the second round. The third round of the FA Cup saw Palace entertain Stoke at home, a game which saw the club earn a replay after a 0-0 draw against a Stoke team featuring Michael Owen and Peter Crouch.
Squad statistics.
Statistics.
Green means the player is on loan, red means that a loan was terminated.

</doc>
<doc id="36562834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562834" title="Quentin Bernard">
Quentin Bernard

Quentin Bernard (born 7 July 1989) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Ligue 2 side Chamois Niortais.

</doc>
<doc id="36562836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562836" title="Tēvita ʻUnga">
Tēvita ʻUnga

Tēvita ʻUnga (c. 1824 – 18 December 1879) was the first Crown Prince and Prime Minister of Tonga.
Life.
Born in circa 1824 to Tuʻi Haʻapai Tāufaʻāhau and one of his secondary wives, Kalolaine Fusimatalili, of the Fusitua line. His father Tāufaʻāhau later became King George Tupou I of a united Tonga.
On 7 August 1831, Tupou was baptised into the Christian faith along with ʻUnga and his sibling. He was given the name "Tēvita" or David after the biblical King David. Following Tupou's marriage to Sālote Lupepauʻu in the Christian rite, he cast aside his secondary consorts and declared all his children by them illegitimate including ʻUnga. After his father moved to Tongatapu, he appointed ʻUnga as acting governor of Vavaʻu. In July 1865, English explorer Julius Brenchley visited Vavaʻu for five days and met governor ʻUnga, who he described:
The governor is a very tall, imposing-looking man, in spite of the loss of an eye, the result either of an accident or a wound in war. He was also minus two fingers, cut off as a tribute, according to the custom of these islands, to some deceased relatives. David has the reputation of being a great warrior, and a friend of civilization; he speaks a little English, provided there be no missionary within earshot. I found him dressed in a piece of tapa, which he told me he changed every three days, and which covered all his body with the exception of his legs and feet. He has a bed and some old furniture of European make; his flag, the same as his father's, is red, with a cross of the same colour on a white ground in the upper corner.
After the death of Queen Sālote Lupepauʻu's son Prince Vuna Takitakimālohi in 1862, Tupou I was left without an heir to the throne. As a result, ʻUnga was legitimized and named Crown Prince under the terms of the first written constitution of Tonga in 4 November 1875. ʻUnga was appointed the first Prime Minister of Tonga in 1 January 1876, a post he held until his death.
In his lifetime, he also composed the words to ""Ko e fasi ʻo e tuʻi ʻo e ʻOtu Tonga"", which was adopted as the Tongan national anthem in 1874.
In November 1879, Reverend Shirley Waldemar Baker accompanied ʻUnga to Auckland for medical treatment. The Prince had been suffering from a serious liver ailment. The treatment was unable to save the Prince and he died in Auckland on 18 December 1879. Through the influence of Reverend Baker, the Crown Prince's remains were brought back on the German warship "Nautilus" on 20 May 1880. The funeral on 10 June at ʻUiha, Haʻapai was attended by the German marines aboard and gun salutes from the "Nautilus" added much pomp and grandeur to the event.
As a sign of his gratitude, King Tupou I appointed Reverend Baker the next Prime Minister of Tonga.
His father Tupou I would outlive ʻUnga's three children and be succeeded by his great-grandson George Tupou II, ʻUnga's maternal grandson.
Marriage and issue.
His first wife was Fifita Vavaʻu (1835–1860), second daughter of Liufau, Tuʻi Haʻangana Ngata, by his second wife, Hulita Tuʻifua. From his first marriage, he had three children:
His second wife was Teisa Palu, daughter of Maheʻuliʻuli, 1st Fangupo, and his wife Levave. They had no children.

</doc>
<doc id="36562843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562843" title="Thelma Glass">
Thelma Glass

Thelma Glass (May 16, 1916 – July 24, 2012) was an American civil rights activist, noted for helping to organize the Montgomery Bus Boycott of 1955, and a professor of geography.
Glass was born Thelma McWilliams in Mobile, Alabama, to a hotel cook and homemaker. She graduated from Dunbar High School (Mobile) and attended Alabama State University and Columbia University.
In 1955, after Rosa Parks' arrest, Glass and the other members of the Women's Political Council, called for a boycott of the Montgomery bus system, thus beginning the Montgomery Bus Boycott, a key action in the Civil Rights Movement. Glass had joined the organization in 1947 and in 1955 was its secretary. The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. joined in the protests as well and worked with her. She passed out fliers, alerted the community, and urged passengers to walk or car-pool. Soon she noticed every bus that went by was empty of passengers. Although there was sometimes violent retaliation, the boycott continued and eventually the Supreme Court ruled that segregation on buses was unconstitutional and the boycott ended.
She married Arthur Glass in 1942, and both she taught geography at Alabama State University, where her husband was also a professor. 
She died in 2012 at age 96.

</doc>
<doc id="36562844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562844" title="Ab Barik-e Sofla, Razavi Khorasan">
Ab Barik-e Sofla, Razavi Khorasan

Ab Barik-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Āb Bārīk-e Soflá and Āb Bārīk Soflá; also known as Āb Bārīk-e Pā’īn and Dar Sarv-i-Bārik) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 126, in 33 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562847" title="Wahpeton Hospital">
Wahpeton Hospital

The Wahpeton Hospital on Dakota Avenue in Wahpeton, North Dakota was built in 1911. It has Classical Revival architecture.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1983.
According to its NRHP nomination it is, architecturally, "the finest private building in Wahpeton, surpassed in quality and size only by such
public buildings as the Leach Public Library, Richland County Court House, and Wahpeton city hall."

</doc>
<doc id="36562859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562859" title="List of Saving Hope episodes">
List of Saving Hope episodes

"Saving Hope" is a Canadian television supernatural medical drama that debuted on the CTV and NBC networks simultaneously on 7 June 2012. The show's central character is Dr. Alex Reid (Erica Durance), a doctor whose fiancé, Dr. Charles Harris (Michael Shanks), is in a coma after being in a car accident. The show follows the life of Harris in his coma state, and Reid dealing with patients, and "hoping" that he will survive. Dr. Reid is the Chief Surgical Resident at Hope Zion Hospital in Toronto, and Dr. Harris would normally be the Chief of Surgery at Hope Zion, but had been replaced due to his current condition. On 25 July 2012, CTV ordered season 2, with 13 new episodes, for summer 2013. In September 2012, NBC pulled the last two episodes of the first season, and will be airing them only online, subsequently canceling their syndication of the series. On 16 November 2012, CTV announced they had increased their episode order for season 2 to 18 episodes.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Episodes.
Season 3 (2014).
On 7 November 2013, CTV has ordered 18 new episodes bringing the series total to 49 episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="36562863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562863" title="Chasing the Sky">
Chasing the Sky

Chasing the Sky may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36562874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562874" title="Abdaru">
Abdaru

Abdaru (, also Romanized as Ābdārū) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 244, in 70 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562887" title="Ahmadabad-e Sheykh">
Ahmadabad-e Sheykh

Ahmadabad-e Sheykh (, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Sheykh; also known as Aḩmadābād and Kalāteh-ye Sheykh) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 208, in 57 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562898" title="Aq Dash, Torbat-e Heydarieh">
Aq Dash, Torbat-e Heydarieh

Aq Dash (, also Romanized as Āq Dāsh; also known as Āq Dāsh-e Pā’īn) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 135, in 26 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562910" title="Ray Opera House">
Ray Opera House

Ray Opera House on Main St. in Ray, North Dakota, United States, was built in 1904. It also has been known as Charlson`s Store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="36562912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562912" title="Charl Bouwer">
Charl Bouwer

Charl Bouwer is a paralympic swimmer from South Africa competing in category S13 events. He was born in Kimberley.
Swimming career.
Paralympics.
At the 2004 Summer Paralympics he competed in the 100m backstroke, 200m individual medley and 400m freestyle. 
At the 2008 Summer Paralympics he competed in S13 100m butterfly, 400m freestyle, 100m freestyle, 100m backstroke, 50m freestyle. He won gold and set a new world record in the 400m freestyle.
At the 2012 Summer Paralympics he participated in the S13 class Men's 50m, 100m and 400m freestyle; 100m butterfly; 100m backstroke and the SM13 Men's 200m individual medley. He won gold in the 50m freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="36562917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562917" title="Bruce Carson">
Bruce Carson

Bruce Carson is a former aide and senior advisor
On July 27, 2012, Carson was charged with influence peddling by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. He was scheduled to attend a closed-door, judicial pre-trial October 17, 2012, and then make an appearance in remand court on October 22. However, due to a health problem, the trial was delayed. His trial his now scheduled to begin on May 26, 2014.
In May 2014, Carson was further charged with three counts of prohibited lobbying and a single count of influence peddling. He is due in court to face these charges on June 18, 2014 in Ottawa.
1978–1993.
Since his early 30s, Carson had numerous legal difficulties related to financial improprieties, most of which involved fraud or non-payment of obligations.
In 1978, Carson was ordered by a court judgement to pay a company over $1,900, stemming from a bounced cheque.
In May 1979, Carson and his then-wife defaulted on their mortgage payments. This resulted in a Supreme Court of Ontario writ allowing possession of their property to be claimed by a savings and loan company. During that time, he was also sued by for $1,189.50 by the Hudson's Bay Company for unpaid merchandise.
Early in the 1980s, he was disbarred by the Law Society of Upper Canada and sentenced to a jail term for defrauding clients on two occasions. In 1981, the disbarment finding summary stated that his "fiscal position had deteriorated due to a land development project in which he had become involved and due to an extravagant lifestyle."
In 1980, Carson faced a court order to pay $3,000 plus interest for non-payment of funds on the lease of a Lincoln Continental.
From 1984 to 1990, during John Turner's incumbency, the Liberal caucus research bureau pays Carson for freelance work.
In 1990, while employment doing research for the Library of Parliament, Carson was charged with fraud involving Budget Car and Truck Rental and a 1989 Toyota. Also during that year, he was charged with both the Bank of Montreal and the Toronto-Dominion Bank, each for amounts greater than $1,000. In June of that year, he pleaded guilty to all three counts, and received a suspended sentence with 24 months probation, provided that he "continue treatment at the R.O.H. (Royal Ottawa Hospital)," and pay $4,000 in restitution to Budget Car and Truck Rental within 23 months.
Later in the 1990s, Carson worked for the Progressive Conservative research service at the Ontario legislature, and for Conservative senators on Parliament Hill.
Carson was declared a bankrupt in 1993 with a debt of over $103,000. In 2002, he had $369,000 in "liabilities" and agreed to what is termed a "proposal", a mitigating measure, an option to avoid bankruptcy which allows one to arrange to pay one's debts.
Position as senior advisor to the Prime Minister, Stephen Harper.
On February 6, 2006, he began employment with the Prime Minister's Office as an aide and senior advisor. Harper has stated that he did not know of Carson's convictions in the 1980s, or the fact that he had received court-ordered psychiatric treatment, but didn't know his criminal record was more extensive or that he had received court-ordered psychiatric treatment before working for the PMO. Carson left the Prime Minister's office in 2008.
Employment at the Canada School of Energy and Environment.
After leaving the Prime Minister's office in 2008, he began employment as executive director of the Canada School of Energy and Environment on August 14, 2008. The institution was set up by the University of Calgary, the University of Alberta and the University of Lethbridge. It is funded by a grant from the Canadian federal government. The organization coordinates clean energy research. He returned to the Prime Minister's office for a short time in January 2009, then later that year, returned to the Canada School of Energy and Environment.
Lobbying allegations.
Carson was allegedly lobbying on behalf of H2O Pros, an Ottawa-based water company that had a financial connection to his fiancee. Carson is alleged to have been helping secure a contract involving the sale of water filtration systems to the Indian Affairs Department to First Nations in need of clean drinking water. Carson was never registered as a lobbyist, and as a former political staff member, was prohibited from lobbying government agencies for five years after leaving office. On March 25, 2011, head of H20 Global Group, Patrick Hill, denied that Carson had lobbied on his behalf.
On February 6, 2009, during leave from his position as head of the Canada School of Energy and Environment, the Deputy Minister of Natural Resources Cassie Doyle received an email from Carson's account, lobbying for a $25 million grant on behalf of the organization. Carson stated later that the email was drafted before he returned to the Prime Ministers office, and that it had been sent accidentally.
Carson was present at the signing of the contract, witnessing and initialing it. The contract guaranteed 20 percent of the gross profits go to Michele McPherson. McPherson is 22 years old, his fiancee, and an alleged former escort. She is alleged to have acted as an intermediary.
Letters expressing concern.
In April 2011, Conservative Party officials released two letters that were sent by Stephen Harper's former chief of staff Guy Giorno two years earlier in January 2009 to the federal conflict of interest and ethics commissioner. The letters indicate that Carson, while working at the Prime Minister's office in 2009, may have been engaged in lobbying to secure a $25 million grant for the School of Energy and Environment. Carbon Management Canada eventually received the grant, an organization with which Carson is also affiliated. The letters also reveal that some of the senior staff members were concerned enough to alert the federal conflict of interest and ethics commissioners.
Then Deputy Minister of the Environment Ian Shugart sent a third letter to the federal conflict of interest and ethics commissioner. However, Prime Minister Harper stated that before the 2010 claims that influenced peddling allegations, his senior staff had no prior knowledge of any controversial activity by Carson. Harper stated: "The fact is, I did not know about these revelations that we're finding out today. I don't know why I did not know."
2012 influence peddling charges.
On July 27, 2012, Carson was charged with influence peddling by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police's "A" Division Commercial Crime Section. The charge is formally known under the Canada Criminal Code (Section 121(1)(d)) as "Fraud on the Government".
The RCMP started the investigation in March 2011, after Prime Minister’s office provided a referral. prompted by the publication of an APTN National News story that investigating and revealing that in 2010
The single count of influence peddling is a result of Carson's alleged acceptance of commission for a third party connected to a business transaction related to the Canadian Government.
The Prime Minister's office also asked that the Ethics Commission and Lobbying Commission both investigate Carson. Neither commission has yet to release the result of their probes.
Carson was scheduled to appear at the Ontario Court of Justice in Ottawa on September 10, 2012. His lawyer, Pat McCann, stated that Carson is not in custody, but has been summoned to surrender himself when he appears in court.
On October 1, 2012, Carson appeared briefly in court in Ottawa to schedule dates for two future appearances. The first will be a closed-door, judicial pre-trial between party lawyers and a judge on October 17. The second will be an appearance in remand court on October 22. Patrick McCann, Carson's lawyer, declined comment while leaving the court.
In May 2014, the RCMP laid a further four charges against Carson resulting from his lobbying for the Canada School of Energy and Environment and the Energy Policy Institute of Canada. The new charges are three counts of prohibited lobbying and a single count of influence peddling. He is due in court to face these charges on June 18, 2014 in Ottawa.

</doc>
<doc id="36562931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562931" title="Old Armory (Williston, North Dakota)">
Old Armory (Williston, North Dakota)

The Old Armory on 1st Ave., E., in Williston, North Dakota was built in 1915 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
According to its NRHP nomination, the building's significance rests on two factors:
The Old Armory brought together diverse sectors of the public in its creation and
subsequent use: local government, military, private business, and the general
townspeople. In architectural character it is uncommon, yet representative of a oncepopular
type of design for armory buildings in the state.
Although designed by Robert Stacy-Judd, a distinguished architect, the architect's prominence is not noted in the NRHP nomination. In 2012, the local community planned various historically sensitive renovations and fundraising to support the work.

</doc>
<doc id="36562934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562934" title="Derakht-e Senjed, Torbat-e Heydarieh">
Derakht-e Senjed, Torbat-e Heydarieh

Derakht-e Senjed () is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 679, in 117 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562938" title="Fathabad, Torbat-e Heydarieh">
Fathabad, Torbat-e Heydarieh

Fathabad (, also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 182, in 48 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562942" title="Fakhrabad, Torbat-e Heydarieh">
Fakhrabad, Torbat-e Heydarieh

Fakhrabad (, also Romanized as Fakhrābād) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 646, in 170 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562944" title="Jai Bhagwan">
Jai Bhagwan

Jai Bhagwan (Born May 11, 1985), a two-time Asian Championships medallist and a bronze winner at the 2010 Commonwealth Games will be representing India in Boxing in the light weight (60 kg) during the 2012 London Olympics.
Bhagwan qualified for the London Games, by reaching the quarterfinals of the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Baku. He was coached by the Indian Boxing Coach Gurbaksh Singh Sandhu.
In 2011, he appeared in reality game show, hosted by Shahrukh Khan, "" and one of .
In his dominating performance, he thrashed Andrique Allisop of Seychelles 18—8 in the opening round to storm into the pre—quarterfinals of the lightweight (60 kg) category in the Olympics on 29 July 2012. On 2 August 2012, Jai Bhagwan lost to Kazakh fighter Gani Zhailauov at the London Olympics in the pre-quarterfinals of the men's 60 kg category.

</doc>
<doc id="36562945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562945" title="Blue Mountain (Brandon Heath album)">
Blue Mountain (Brandon Heath album)

Blue Mountain is the fourth studio album by contemporary Christian musician Brandon Heath. It was released on October 9, 2012, through Reunion Records. The album has had success on the chart, as has the song "Jesus in Disguise".
Release.
"Blue Mountain" was released on October 9, 2012, through Reunion Records in the United States. It debuted at No. 5 on the Top Current Contemporary Christian Chart, and at No. 97 on the "Billboard 200 chart, which both positions were taken on October 27, 2012.
Music and lyrics.
At "Christianity Today", Andy Argyrakis wrote that "The Nashville native taps into childhood trips throughout Appalachia to visit his grandparents, resulting in a laid back, roots-centered record (with an ever so slight penchant for hip-hop rhythms) that's never short on pop sensibility. Topically, Heath blends tributes to his grandfather (a war veteran and church elder) and mentor Bob Goff (founder of social justice non-profit Restore International) with a fictional farmer, coal miner, and death row inmate—with a redemptive thread masterfully tying all of these compelling tales together." Alpha Omega News' Tom Frigoli said that "Throughout the record messages of hope, redemption, and love are underlined through the stories of Blue Mountain’s residents", and told that "listeners will experience the stories of a wise sage, a coal miner, and even a prisoner on death row, to name a few. Even though many of the stories are fictional, it’s easy for listeners to claim those stories as their own and relate to the themes in a very profound way. This is a testament to Brandon’s incredible song (and story) writing talents." At Allmusic, Robert Ham noticed that "in place of the brash histrionics and overwrought production that mark the work of so many of his peers, Heath keeps things tempered, only allowing the dramatics to wander in for, well, dramatic effect." Joshuan Andre of "Christian Music Zine" said that "coming up from left field, Brandon’s 4th album is pleasantly good and refreshing", and noted that the album contains "a smorgasbord of genres attached to this varied project, inclusive of sombre and uplifting ballads, personal stories of characters revealing the human condition, as well as upbeat guitar twangy southern melodies". At Cross Rhythms, Tony Cumming said that "Brandon's reflections on what he feels about life, love, hurt and everything in between is elegantly executed".
Jonathan Andre of Indie Vision Music wrote that "his bold release of a country record is an interesting move by Brandon, yet he is able to win the doubters [...] over with reflective ballads, ingenious writing and hopeful stories of the characters providing inspiration to this album called "Blue Mountain"." Louder Than the Music's Jono Davies wrote that "there is a real maturity in the songwriting that flows in the creative lyrics of the songs", and the album to him was one "that artist has always wanted to write" and produce. Furthermore, Davies wrote that "there is a very laid back feel to the album [...] these aren't just good songs, they are also great stories about how Brandon feels about life, love, God, hurt and everything else in-between." Jesus Freak Hideout's Bert Gangl said that "What do Keith Urban, the Alan Parsons Project (APP) and the Book of James have in common? The surprising answer to this unlikely question is that all three arguably had some influence on Brandon Heath's latest release, "Blue Mountain"." To this, Gangl wrote that "Like the APP, whose name during the '70s and '80s was veritably synonymous with what has now become known as the concept album, "Blue Mountain" is built around the central themes of living and dying." Larry Stephan highlighted that some production was scaled back, and felt that this was "beneficial, however, not universal." Lastly, Stephan told that ""Blue Mountain" contains a mix of Americana leaning songs and typical CCM type music.", but that "while more of the Americana leaning have been welcome," he felt that "the album as a whole is still a cut above typical CCM style music."
Critical review.
"Blue Mountain" garnered acclaim from music critics. At Allmusic, Ham called the album "understated", which he remarked was "a rare thing indeed" to be able to do in the realm of CCM. Frigoli of "Alpha Omega News" wrote that the album "has something for everyone to enjoy", and told that the listener "may be surpriseby what [they find up there." At "CCM Magazine", Grace S. Aspinwall said that "Brandon Heath has chosen much of his latest project about a fictional place called Blue Mountain, and it is his very best work to date. Heath spreads new, creative and spectacular wings on this project and it is simply perfect." Andre of "Christian Music Zine" proclaimed it to be "A well written and sung album", and that the album "is a must for fans of country and alternative music [...] and acoustic material".
At "Christianity Today", Argyrakis said that "multiple Dove Award winner Heath could've easily gone the safe and easy radio route, but instead turns in his most compelling album to date." At Cross Rhythms, Cummings felt that "if you rated Brandon's previous releases like 'Don't Get Comfortable' and 'What If We' you will find Brandon's blend of lyrical introspection and songwriting savvy irresistible." Davies of Louder Than the Music Jono Davies felt that "Brandon has produced his most sublime album yet", and he called it a "wonderful album" that confirms Heath as a "great songwriter". Andre of Indie Vision Music called this release "a moving and poignant album!"
Gangl of Jesus Freak Hideout cautioned that "some members of Heath's existing fan base may be put off by "Blue Mountain"'s less purely pop-friendly textures. And those who listen exclusively to the Top 40 might be disappointed when they find that it's anything but a collection of three-and-a-half-minute, radio-ready singles." However, Gangl felt that "listeners willing to spin the disc with open minds and ears, on the other hand, will find the album a gripping, thought-provoking, and, at times, near-poetic summary of the human condition that becomes all the more engaging with each successive listen." At The Phantom Tollbooth, Stephan felt that ""Blue Mountain" does contain some of this impressive songwriting", but "while the production on some of the songs has been ", wrote that the album would be better with "less paint all over the walls". So, Stephan told that the listener wants to hear "more of you and less of everything else."

</doc>
<doc id="36562946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562946" title="Garmab, Torbat-e Heydarieh">
Garmab, Torbat-e Heydarieh

Garmab (, also Romanized as Garmāb) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 527, in 160 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562951" title="Hesar Jalal">
Hesar Jalal

Hesar Jalal (, also Romanized as Ḩeşār Jalāl; also known as Dar Chenār Jālāi, Dar Chenār Jalāl, and Dar-e Chenār Jalāl) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 208, in 51 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562957" title="The Shadow Heart">
The Shadow Heart

The Shadow Heart is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Plot.
The Doctor returns to the fallen Drashani Empire, just as The Wrath look to conquer the Earth Empire. But he finds his own past coming back to haunt him in the worst possible way, as the galaxy's greatest bounty hunter is assigned with the task of hunting him down.

</doc>
<doc id="36562961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562961" title="Raid on Gaborone">
Raid on Gaborone

The Raid on Gaborone (called Operation Plecksy by the South African Defence Force) occurred on 14 June 1985 when South African Defence Force troops, under the order of General Constand Viljoen, crossed into Botswana and attacked the offices of Umkhonto we Sizwe (MK), the military wing of the African National Congress, in Gaborone. The raid, the fifth South African attack on a neighbouring country since 1981, killed 12 people including women and children; only 5 of the victims were members of the African National Congress.
Background.
In the 1980s, relations between Botswana and South Africa were strained. Anti-apartheid groups like the African National Congress (ANC) used Botswana and other countries in Southern Africa as refuge. The ANC set up bases in Gaborone that issued crash courses for terrorist attacks; under the guise of weekend tourists, new recruits would receive training on grenade handling and a list of targets to attack. Despite Botswana's non-alignment policy, the South African Defence Force conducted several cross-border raids to stop the groups.
In 1981, the Botswana Defence Force (BDF) purchased Soviet weaponry. President Quett Masire justified the deal as a way to allow BDF to better prevent groups like the ANC from crossing into South Africa. Shots were fired across the Botswana-South African border in April 1982. Grenade attacks earlier in the week outside Cape Town that killed two South Africa members of Parliament and news of an expected attack on Pretoria in July 1985 pushed General Constand Viljoen to launch the attack.
The following locations were identified as MK safe houses in Gaborone by the SADF:
The attack.
Around 1:30 am on 14 June, South African soldiers crossed the border into Botswana. To lead the attack, the SADF hired Selous Scouts, a special regiment of the Rhodesian Security Forces. General Viljoen stated that the soldiers used megaphones to urge the residents of Gaborone to hide in their houses while the raid occurred. According to Manuel Olifant, a policeman involved in the raid, the SADF readied around 50 tanks, helicopters, and jet fighters in Zeerust for use if Botswana retaliated, but they were not needed.
Casualties.
Twelve people were killed in the attack. A partial list follows:
Aftermath.
Witnesses say that civilians were killed despite what SADF reports said at the time. Muff Andersson, a former member of MK, said that instead of attacking legitimate targets, the SADF instead arbitrarily picked ANC sympathisers to "teach the ANC a lesson". She asserts that the SADF "did not care who was killed."
United Nations Resolution.
On 17 June 1985, the United Nations representative of Botswana sent a letter to the President of the United Nations Security Council asking for help to deal with the raid. The representative from South Africa sent a letter on the same day stating that Botswana had been warned about harbouring groups like the ANC, citing that "a State had a right to take appropriate steps to protect its own security and territorial integrity against such attacks." The Botswana Minister of Foreign Affairs said that the evidence of terrorist activities starting in Botswana was fabricated. South Africa responded that since Botswana did not sign the Nkomati Accord, a non-aggression pact with South Africa, the ANC was able to use Botswana as a base for its attacks. Resolution 568 was drafted on 21 June 1985 that ordered South Africa to pay Botswana for damages, allowed Botswana to house refugees, and encouraged other countries to help Botswana and condemn South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="36562963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562963" title="Sumit Sangwan">
Sumit Sangwan

Sumit Sangwan (born January 1, 1993 in Sohana, Punjab, India) is an Indian amateur boxer.
At the 2012 London Olympics, he participated in the light heavyweight category. Under controversial circumstances, he lost his bout to Yamaguchi Falcão Florentino.
He is supported by the Anglian Medal Hunt Company.
History.
Sumit is a 20-year-old amateur boxer from Karnal, Haryana. He started his career at avery early age, picking up the gloves when he was only 11, at his uncle’s boxing academy in the village. He soon showed his mettle and went from the state levels to the national levels when he was only 16. After shining through the national levels by winning two gold medals, he came to the spotlight when he won the Gold at the Asian Olympic Qualifiers in Astana, Kazakhstan in April 2012. He kept the faith of the national selectors when he qualified for the London Olympics after he was picked for the Olympic qualifiers over 2010 Asian Games silver medalist and Olympian Dinesh Kumar.
2013.
Sumit Sangwan represented India in the World Boxing Championships in Almaty Kazakhstan.. He lost out to Adilbek Niyazymbetov of Kazakhstan in the quarterfinals of the World Boxing Championships.
2014.
Sumit participated in the World Series of Boxing for American outfit USA Knockouts in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36562970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562970" title="Republic Square (Podgorica)">
Republic Square (Podgorica)

Trg Republike or Square of the Republic (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Трг Републике) is the central town square of Podgorica, the capital city of Montenegro. It is located in Nova Varoš ("New Town"), the administrative, as well as socio-cultural heart of the city. The square covers an area of 15.000 square metres. The city library ""Radosav Ljumović"" is located on the square, as well as the state gallery ""Art"".
Location.
The square is bordered by Ulica Slobode ("Freedom street") to the east, and Njegoševa ulica ("Njegoš's street") to the west. Both Njegoševa and Slobode street are newly renovated pedestrian zones - with Ulica Slobode also being a popular shopping street. Bokeška and Vučedolska street create the square's northern and southern borders, respectively.
A pedestrian passage connects the Republic Square to Podgorica's City Hall and the Montenegrin National Theatre building.
History.
Trg Republike was until 2006 known as Trg Ivana Milutinovića ("Ivan Milutinović square") - a famous Montenegrin communist politician, military general and national hero. In 2006, the year of the Montenegrin independence, the square underwent a massive reconstruction. It was widened, paved, a big central fountain was constructed and the area was turned into a car-free zone. The square was decorated with colonnades, palm trees and water channels. The whole project cost around 2.5 million Euros.
In late 2011 and early 2012, the square was the site of a series of anti-government protests, organized by several Montenegrin NGOs. The largest event occurred on March 18, 2012, with an estimated attendance of 20.000 people, according to the organizers (7.000 people, according to the Montenegrin police). The events were popularly dubbed "the Montenegrin Spring" by the media.

</doc>
<doc id="36562971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562971" title="NinjaTel Van">
NinjaTel Van

The NinjaTel Van is a 2001 Ford Econoline E250 van, designed and converted by Bob "saberfire" Bristow and Colleen "Phar" Campbell into the base of operation for NinjaTel. From July 26 to July 29, 2012 the Ninja Networks team created and operated a mobile cell phone network from a van placed in the Vendor area of DEF CON 20, at the Rio Hotel/Casino in Las Vegas, and the Ninja Party, at Rumor Boutique Hotel in Las Vegas. NinjaTel served a small network of 650 GSM phones using custom SIM cards.
The project was made possible by sponsorship from Facebook, Zynga, Lookout, AllJoyn and Qualcomm. Work on the van began in September 2011 and was "complete" 11 months later on July 26, 2012, just in time for DEF CON 20. 
The van hosts a mobile GSM cellular network, complete with equipment and a roof-mounted antenna.
Network.
The network uses OpenBTS, Asterisk, and an Ettus Research Universal Software Radio Peripheral to provide voice and SMS service to connected devices. During DEF CON 20 it did not have data ability.
Other Deployments.
In 2013 the van was used to provide wireless network connectivity to a remote wilderness area for the production of Capture, an American reality competition television series on The CW.

</doc>
<doc id="36562972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562972" title="Priority Matrix">
Priority Matrix

Priority Matrix is a task management software application that is supported on a number of platforms, including Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, and iOS. It is based on the Eisenhower Method of arranging tasks by urgency and importance in a 2x2 matrix. Priority Matrix offers a cloud-based synchronization of data, allowing for data management across multiple devices. The application is also loosely based on David Allen's Getting Things Done methodology of improving productivity.
Reception.
Across the various platforms, Priority Matrix has over 70,000 paid customers, and has been ranked among the 10 highest downloaded productivity apps in the Apple App Store. PC Magazine has ranked the iPad version of Priority Matrix among its 100 Best iPad Apps in 2011, 2012, and 2013. In addition, the product has garnered a 4 out of 5-star rating or better on the Apple App Store on both the iPhone and iPad platforms, with over 900 reviews. An Android version was added to the Play Store September 2013. As of December 29, 2013, this version had an average rating of 3.7, with installs numbering fewer than 1000.

</doc>
<doc id="36562973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562973" title="Pork jowl">
Pork jowl

Pork jowl (alternately called jowl bacon or, especially in the Southern United States, hog jowl) is cured and smoked cheeks of pork. Hog jowl is a staple of soul food, but is also used outside the United States; the Italian variant is called guanciale.
Uses.
Jowl bacon can be fried and eaten as a main course, similar to streaky bacon, such as in a traditional full English breakfast. Often, it is used as a seasoning for beans, black-eyed peas or with cooked with leafy green vegetables such as collard greens or turnip greens in a traditional Southeastern meal. A Southern US tradition of eating black-eyed peas and greens with either pork jowls or fatback on New Year's Day to ensure prosperity throughout the new year goes back hundreds of years. 
Jowl meat may also be chopped and used as a garnish, similar to bacon bits, or served in sandwich form.
Pork jowl can be used as a binding ingredient in pork liver sausages such as liverwurst and braunschweiger.
Because pork jowl is cured, like most other cuts of pork, it has been a traditional winter time food as it was able to be stored for long periods of time without refrigeration.
Health risks.
Like most cured pork products, pork jowls are high in nitrates and sodium, which give the potential for health risks, particularly for those with a family history of heart disease.

</doc>
<doc id="36562978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562978" title="Yek Lengeh-ye Olya">
Yek Lengeh-ye Olya

Yek Lengeh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Yek Lengeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Yek Lengeh) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 570, in 138 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562988" title="Gagan Ullalmath">
Gagan Ullalmath

Adaveeshaiah Puttaveeraswamy Gagan Ullalmath (Kannada: ಗಗನ್ ಉಳ್ಳಾಲಮಠ, born 1 August 1992), popularly known as Gagan Ullalmath, is an Indian swimmer. He is the only swimmer to represent India in the 2012 London Olympics. He finished 6th in heat 1 of 1500m freestyle event with a time of 16:31:14 and was eventually knocked out at last position 31st.
Ullalmath was given a position to swim in the Olympics due to a universality quota, despite not reaching a qualifying standard.

</doc>
<doc id="36562989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562989" title="Kal Qari">
Kal Qari

Kal Qari (, also Romanized as Kal Qarī and Kāl-e Qarī) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 124, in 32 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36562999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36562999" title="Kalateh-ye Som">
Kalateh-ye Som

Kalateh-ye Som (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye S̄om and Kalāteh-ye Sam) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 245, in 74 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36563006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563006" title="Alaqeh">
Alaqeh

Alaqeh (, also Romanized as ‘Alāqeh) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 608, in 179 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36563007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563007" title="1992 Purdue Boilermakers football team">
1992 Purdue Boilermakers football team

The 1992 Purdue Boilermakers football team represented Purdue University during the 1992 NCAA Division I-A football season.They participated as members of the Big Ten Conference and played their home games at Ross–Ade Stadium in West Lafayette, Indiana. The team was coached by head coach Jim Colletto.

</doc>
<doc id="36563040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563040" title="Pishakhvor">
Pishakhvor

Pishakhvor (, also Romanized as Pīshākhvor, Pish Akhor, and Pīshākhūr; also known as Mīshābād, Pācheh Khowr, and Pashakhūr) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 125, in 27 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36563051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563051" title="Asgerd">
Asgerd

Asgerd (, also Romanized as ‘Asgerd) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 142, in 44 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36563058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563058" title="Shirabad, Razavi Khorasan">
Shirabad, Razavi Khorasan

Shirabad (, also Romanized as Shīrābād) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 207, in 48 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36563062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563062" title="Trg Republike">
Trg Republike

Trg Republike means Republic Square in most South Slavic languages and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36563063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563063" title="Soltanabad, Torbat-e Heydarieh">
Soltanabad, Torbat-e Heydarieh

Soltanabad (, also Romanized as Solţānābād) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,763, in 416 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36563073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563073" title="Aberdeen School District (South Dakota)">
Aberdeen School District (South Dakota)

The Aberdeen School District is a public school district in Brown County, South Dakota, United States, based in Aberdeen, South Dakota.
Schools.
The Aberdeen School District has five elementary schools, two middle schools, one high school, one alternative school and one technical school.

</doc>
<doc id="36563075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563075" title="Sarhang, Razavi Khorasan">
Sarhang, Razavi Khorasan

Sarhang () is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 684, in 182 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36563084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563084" title="Sarhang">
Sarhang

Sarhang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36563089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563089" title="Akbarabad, Torbat-e Heydarieh">
Akbarabad, Torbat-e Heydarieh

Akbarabad (, also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 183, in 41 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36563098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563098" title="Bidestan, Torbat-e Heydarieh">
Bidestan, Torbat-e Heydarieh

Bidestan (, also Romanized as Bīdestān) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 48, in 14 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36563103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563103" title="Bidestan (disambiguation)">
Bidestan (disambiguation)

Bidestan is a city in Alborz Province, Iran.
Bidestan or Bidastan () may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36563104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563104" title="Gene Snow">
Gene Snow

Gene Snow was an American racing driver and (later) convicted child molester who pioneered funny cars ine the 1960s, 70's and 80's, bringing innovations such as a direct drive system using multiple clutches when rivals were still using automatic transmissions based on those used in production models. He was ranked #26 on NHRA's Top 50 drivers in 2001.
Drag racing career.
Originally an engineering student at the University of Texas at Arlington, he opened a used car dealership and drag raced cars from the dealership to promote his business. After each win, he sold the car the next day, which gained him more attention. This led to him taking racing more seriously, driving a 1958 Chevy Impala with a 409 Cubic Inch Chevrolet "W-Block" engine made famous by The Beach Boys in their song, 409. He moved over to MOPAR by 1963, running a Plymouth Sport Fury.
As the 1960s progressed, Snow developed innovations such as stretching the wheelbase to improve handling, which lead to several class wins in 1966-'67. Stretching the chassis was his seminal contribution to the new Fuel Coupe, aka "Funny Car" class, which evolved out of the Altered wheelbase Factory Experimental (aka "FX") and super stock classes. Although funny car was not a class recognized by the National Hot Rod Association, Snow was allowed to run in the dragster classes, where he ran a 9.04 second quarter mile ET. He repeated he success in 1967, running an 8.67 second quarter-mile ET in the new Super Eliminator class. By 1968, he went to the gasoline burning classes and won B/Altered (a class for modified production vehicles).
At this time, Snow realized that the increased torque that was coming from engines like the new generation Chrysler Hemi engine would destroy a transmission, whereas direct drive would be more suited to the conditions under full load. He explained it this way: "We worked with Crower to come up with a four-disc Crowerglide centrifugal clutch. Though it was sluggish off the line, it would mow down the automatic cars, which always nosed-over at about 185 mph."
The idea being that as engine RPM increased, the clutches would engage and there would be no gearsets to destroy. With the simplified drivetrain, he was the first funny car driver over the 200 mph barrier in the autumn of 1969, at Dickson, Texas, later running 205.046 mph at Orange County Raceway. Snow said, astonished: "The sea level location gave us extra horsepower, and we went 200.88 mph on the first pass. I didn't think it such a big deal at the time, but we kept running more than 200 mph at just about every race after that."
By the late 1970s, Snow took a sabbatical due to costs as a result of the 1970s oil crisis and the political situation in the Middle East that precipitated it, along with sub-par seasons, returning in 1981 to race in Top Fuel. During this time he worked on developing his direct drive for Top Fuel cars.
Notable achievements in the 1980s include the first 4 second ET run in an NHRA sanctioned event at Houston Park Raceway. However, these have been overshadowed by allegations that he molested a male fan he met at a dragstrip in 1987.
After an accident in 1992, he retired from drag racing.
Sex offences.
Snow was arrested for sex offences as early as 1978, though he was acquitted of all but one misdemeanor citation, for which he was fined. This did not stop him from drag racing in Britain, which was covered by Anglia Television's regional News program, "About Anglia". More serious allegations came in 2007 when he was accused of molesting a teenage fan in the mid 1980s, who claimed Snow brought him to his house and seduced him. These allegations arose when the press reported his conviction for an unrelated sex offence against a child, which was plea bargained down to a lesser offence of injuring a child, which let him off registering as a sex offender. In response to the plea bargain, the Twin Falls, Idaho, District Attorney responded:
"That's horrifying, they should at least talk to (the alleged victim) or myself after the initial information that was relayed to their office by me. They should at least let (the alleged victim) know how the case is progressing since he is a witness who could greatly help their case."
"Note: The alleged victim cannot be named for legal reasons, under Section 39 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 and sex offences legislation."
Snow allegedly even went as far as drilling holes in the alleged victim's house to spy on the boy, according to the alleged victim's testimony. The sexual abuse allegedly occurred for several years, during which time Snow allegedly paid the victim for his services.
Snow pled guilty and was sentenced to three years probation.

</doc>
<doc id="36563107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563107" title="1991 Purdue Boilermakers football team">
1991 Purdue Boilermakers football team

The 1991 Purdue Boilermakers football team represented Purdue University during the 1991 NCAA Division I-A football season. They participated as members of the Big Ten Conference and played their home games at Ross–Ade Stadium in West Lafayette, Indiana. The team was coached by head coach Jim Colletto.

</doc>
<doc id="36563113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563113" title="Chahar Takht-e Kuk">
Chahar Takht-e Kuk

Chahar Takht-e Kuk (, also Romanized as Chahār Takht-e Kūk and Chahār Takht-e Gūk; also known as Chahār Takhteh Gūk) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 268, in 62 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36563114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563114" title="Philcoxia minensis">
Philcoxia minensis

Philcoxia minensis is a rare annual herb of the Plantaginaceae family, that is endemic to the Serra do Cabral area of the Brazilian state Minas Gerais. It was discovered April 17, 1981 by Rossi "et al." in the municipality of Joaquim Felício and grew near other plants from the Campos Rupestres montane savanna. The exact location of collection was unspecified. The species has been shown to produce phosphatases.
"Philcoxia minensis" is a small plant with an orbicular leaf shape and tall, stalked inflorescence that reach a height of . Its leaves possess small glands that are capable of trapping and digesting nematodes, defining it as a carnivorous plant.

</doc>
<doc id="36563123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563123" title="Flying squirrel (disambiguation)">
Flying squirrel (disambiguation)

Flying squirrel is a tribe of 44 species of squirrel
Flying squirrel may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36563129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563129" title="Javadiyeh, Torbat-e Heydarieh">
Javadiyeh, Torbat-e Heydarieh

Javadiyeh (, also Romanized as Javādīyeh and Javādīyyeh) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,210, in 275 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36563140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563140" title="Fioravante Perrotta">
Fioravante Perrotta

Fioravante "Fred" G. Perrotta (July 26, 1931 – July 20, 2012) was an American lawyer, political aide, and political candidate. He worked as an aide to New York governor Nelson Rockefeller in the late 1950s and early 1960s, and then for New York City mayor John Lindsay a decade later. He held a diverse range of positions throughought New York government, including finance administrator, and insurance regulator.
Perrotta was born in Long Island, New York. He attended St. John's University as an undergraduate, and then St. John's University School of Law to obtain his law degree. He initially worked for the U.S. Attorney's office in Manhattan, and later moved into private practice. He began working for Rockefeller's office in 1959, and for Mayor Lindsay's in 1968.
In 1967, Perrotta became vice president of the United States Life Insurance Company. After unsuccessfully running for controller in New York in 1969, he worked as a campaign manager for Richard Nixon in New York in the 1972 election. He later practiced law until his retirement.
He died July 20, 2012 in Naples, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="36563142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563142" title="Hoseynabad, Torbat-e Heydarieh">
Hoseynabad, Torbat-e Heydarieh

Hoseynabad (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36563144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563144" title="Doris F. Fisher">
Doris F. Fisher

Doris F. Fisher (née Feigenbaum; born 1932) is an American business woman who co-founded The Gap clothing stores with her husband, Donald Fisher.
Biography.
Born Doris Feigenbaum in 1932, she was the daughter of Dorothy Bamberger of New York and B. Joseph Feigenbaum. She had two siblings: Ann F. Rossi and Joseph L. Feigenbaum. She was married to Don Fisher and was a long-time member of Congregation Emanu-El in San Francisco. Their three sons - Robert J. Fisher, William S. Fisher, and John J. Fisher - continue to manage the business. 
She has been named as one of 100 Most Powerful Women by Forbes Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="36563152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563152" title="Sonic Boom Six (album)">
Sonic Boom Six (album)

Sonic Boom Six is the self-titled fourth full-length album released by Manchester, UK-based Sonic Boom Six. It is their first album on the label Xtra Mile after many years on smaller labels. The band explained that "We don't want to be preaching to the converted any more, we actually want to change minds and viewpoints, not confirm what people already know."
The album's sound reportedly merges "contemporary electronica, crushing rock riffs, huge vocal hooks and anthemic song-writing." The first single was the song 'Virus', released September 17th.

</doc>
<doc id="36563223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563223" title="The Rosemariners">
The Rosemariners

The Rosemariners is a Big Finish Productions audio drama set based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". These stories are in the Companion Chronicles format, a "talking book" narrated by the Doctor's companions (albeit not in character) with guest stars' voices, music and sound effects.
Plot.
The Second Doctor, Jamie and Zoe arrive on xeno-botany lab, Earth Station 454, as it is usurped by The Rosemariners of Rosa Damascena.

</doc>
<doc id="36563238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563238" title="Philcoxia goiasensis">
Philcoxia goiasensis

Philcoxia goiasensis is a rare annual herb in the Plantaginaceae family and is endemic to the Rio da Prata area of Posse, Goiás, in Brazil.
It was discovered April 5, 1966 by H. S. Irwin, J. W. Grear Jr, R. Souza and R. Reisdos Santos at 800 meters altitude in the Serra Geral de Goiás, part of the cerrado, in an open, sandy area. Unlike the other two species in the genus, "P. goiasensis" is remarkably smaller.

</doc>
<doc id="36563243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563243" title="Sarah Trowbridge">
Sarah Trowbridge

Sarah Trowbridge (born September 27, 1982, Washington, DC) is an American rower. She began rowing in high school in Guilford, Connecticut and won two Big 10 championships at the University of Michigan. She joined the U.S. national team in 2008. She qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's double sculls with partner Margot Shumway. They finished 6th in the finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36563251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563251" title="Michel Lescanne">
Michel Lescanne

Michel Lescanne is a French food processing engineer jointly responsible for the invention of the ready-to-use therapeutic food (RUTF) Plumpy'nut in 1996, and presently serves as President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the French pharmaceutical manufacturer Nutriset.

</doc>
<doc id="36563272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563272" title="Trust Me, I'm Lying">
Trust Me, I'm Lying

"Trust Me, I'm Lying: Confessions of a Media Manipulator" is the bestselling book by marketer, public relations director, and media strategist Ryan Holiday. The book chronicles Holiday's time working as a media strategist for such clients as New York Times Bestselling authors Tucker Max and Robert Greene as well as American Apparel founder Dov Charney.
Background and Description.
Holiday is the Director of Marketing for American Apparel where he has created controversial campaigns that garnered widespread publicity. Holiday has also done publicity work for Tucker Max, including marketing for the movie version of "I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell" and a media stunt about Max's failed attempt to donate $500,000 to Planned Parenthood.
"Trust Me, I'm Lying" was billed as an exposé of the current online journalism system. The book is split into two parts: the first explains why blogs matter, how they drive the news, and how they can be manipulated, and the second shows what happens when this is done, how it backfires, and the consequences of the current media system.
As an example of his argument that blogs shape the news, Holiday outlines how the political blog Politico dedicated significant coverage to the campaign of Tim Pawlenty two years before the 2012 elections in order to generate pageviews for advertisers. Although Pawlenty did not yet have an official campaign, this kickstarted the media cycle which painted Pawlenty as a serious presidential candidate. As an example of the pageview-intensive blogosphere, Holiday uses the example of Jezebel writer Irin Carmon's attack on Jon Stewart and "The Daily Show" with misleading claims of ""The Daily Show's" Woman Problem." "Trust Me, I'm Lying" concludes with both a recognition from Holiday of his part in the web's deception and with a warning: "Our dominant cultural medium—the web—is hopelessly broken."
Release.
In 2011, it was reported that Holiday received a $500,000 advance for a tell-all expose about these clients and the modern media system from Portfolio, a subsidiary of Penguin Books. However, some outlets later accused the advance of being a strategic marketing stunt engineered by Holiday.
"Trust Me, I'm Lying" debuted on the "Wall Street Journal" bestseller list. It has received coverage in "The Huffington Post", "AdAge", "The Columbia Journalism Review", "Forbes", "The New York Post", TechCrunch, "The Times-Picayune", "Fast Company", The Next Web, and Boing Boing. "Publishers Weekly" stated that "Media students and bloggers would do well to heed Holiday's informative, timely, and provocative advice." "Kirkus Reviews" called "Trust Me, I'm Lying" "sharp and disturbing look into the world of online reality."
In anticipation of the book's release, Holiday infiltrated the public relations service Help a Reporter Out and posed as an "expert" on various issues to show that journalists will print statements without fact checking. Decoy claims Holiday made to prove that point were quoted in articles about subjects ranging from boating upkeep, to insomnia, to vinyl records in outlets such as "The New York Times", MSNBC, and ABC, and the story was profiled in "Forbes" and Yahoo! News.
It was named an Amazon.com "Editor's Best Book of the Month" in 2013. In 2013, The Edmonton Journal named "Trust Me, I'm Lying" one of their “favourite books of the year.”

</doc>
<doc id="36563289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563289" title="The Rangoon Man">
The Rangoon Man

The Rangoon Man is the 240th novel in the long-running Nick Carter-Killmaster series. The book was written by Jack Canon.
Publishing history.
The book was first published in 1988.
Tagline.
Agent N3 infiltrates an arms dealer's fortress ... and blasts his way out!
Location.
Macau and Rangoon, Burma
Plot summary.
There's enough high-caliber hardware stockpiled in monsoon-soaked Rangoon to start a war...or a revolution. And Sidney Chong is holding all the cards. He's blackmailing half the Burmese government and using an elite society of martial arts assassins to do his bidding. Now the Killmaster has to stop him and time is ticking away. But how could N3 guess that his ace in the hole would be the brainy and beautiful Jane Camway? She has more degrees than a thermometer and is about to give him an education he will never forget.

</doc>
<doc id="36563321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563321" title="Maher Abu Remeleh">
Maher Abu Remeleh

Maher Abu Remeleh (born 24 August 1983 in Jerusalem) is a Palestinian judoka.
He carried the Palestinian flag at the opening ceremony at the 2012 Summer Olympic Games.
Remeleh is the first Palestinian ever to qualify for the Olympic games on merit.

</doc>
<doc id="36563324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563324" title="Don't Pass Me By (film)">
Don't Pass Me By (film)

"Don't Pass Me By" is an independent film written by Rachel Noll and Katy K. Burton, directed by Eric Priestley released in 2013. The film features Keith David, as well as Hollywood legacies Sean Stone and Jake Busey.
Plot.
A stirring story about regret, love, and second chances, woven together in a vignette style. The story follows five very different people who sit at a crisis point in their lives—their desires clouded by fear, duty, tragedy, and regret. As each story unfolds, the characters struggle to find the courage to live for themselves, to reclaim the relationships they have lost along the way, and to make time for the things that really matter.

</doc>
<doc id="36563337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563337" title="Abigail Reynolds">
Abigail Reynolds

Abigail Reynolds is an American author and physician. She is best known as the author of Jane Austen-inspired novels in the Pemberley Variations series as well as modern novels set on Cape Cod.
Biography.
Abigail Reynolds was raised in upstate New York. She studied Russian and theater at Bryn Mawr College in Pennsylvania and marine biology at the Marine Biological Laboratory in Woods Hole, Massachusetts. After working in performing arts administration, she attended medical school. She took up writing as a hobby during her years as a physician in private practice. She lives in Madison, Wisconsin, with her husband and two children.
She began her writing career in 2001 by posting her novels on Jane Austen Fan-fiction sites on the internet, and later self-publishing them. Her works were discovered by an editor at Sourcebooks who purchased the rights to her first six books. Her earliest writings were variations on Jane Austen's Pride & Prejudice, focusing on different plot developments that might change the course of the original story, but always with the same resolution of Elizabeth Bennet marrying Mr. Darcy, a series which she later titled The Pemberley Variations. Her modern adaptation, The Man Who Loved Pride & Prejudice, features a female marine biologist who teaches at the Marine Biological Laboratory and at Haverford College. Her 11 books have sold over 180,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="36563353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563353" title="List of KMFDM concert tours">
List of KMFDM concert tours

KMFDM is an industrial music act, founded in 1984 by Sascha Konietzko in Hamburg, Germany. Since then, KMFDM has performed in North America, Europe, Asia, and Australia. KMFDM's earliest performances were as a local act in Hamburg. Their first major tour was in support of Ministry in 1990. Since then, KMFDM has headlined all of their tours, with support from bands such as Sister Machine Gun, Die Warzau, Chemlab, God Lives Underwater, DJ? Acucrack, and Army of the Universe.
The live-band lineup has changed constantly throughout the band's history, with front man Konietzko remaining the only constant on vocals, percussion, and programming. Notable musicians who have contributed to live performances include En Esch, Raymond Watts, Günter Schulz, Chris Vrenna, Nivek Ogre, William Rieflin, Tim Sköld, and Lucia Cifarelli.

</doc>
<doc id="36563390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563390" title="Toea Wisil">
Toea Wisil

Toea Wisil (1 January 1988) is an athlete from Papua New Guinea who specializes in sprint. She was selected as her nation's flag bearer at the 2012 Summer Olympics Parade of Nations. In her race, she impressed American TV announcer Ato Bolden by running an eased up 11.60 into a strong headwind, the number one qualifier from the preliminary round of the 100 m.

</doc>
<doc id="36563406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563406" title="Cabinet Kraft II">
Cabinet Kraft II

Cabinet Kraft is the name of the incumbent government of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Its leader is Minister-President Hannelore Kraft. Kraft was reelected by the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia on 20 June 2012. She has already led the previous government. Kraft's government is a coalition between the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) and The Greens. There were only little changes from the previous government to this one.
The following table shows cabinet members, who hold the office of ministers of their respective portfolio except when denoted otherwise. Note that only the Ministers are members of the Cabinet. The Head of the Minister-President's Office, as a Secretary of State, is not an official member of cabinet, but is invited as non-voting attendee.

</doc>
<doc id="36563407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563407" title="Jessica Smith (athlete)">
Jessica Smith (athlete)

Jessica Lorene Smith (born October 11, 1989 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian track and field athlete who specialises in the 800 metres. She competed in the 800m event at the 2012 Summer Olympics, but was eliminated at the semi-final stage.

</doc>
<doc id="36563441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563441" title="Abeyie">
Abeyie

Abeyie is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36563448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563448" title="Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 235">
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 235

Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 235 (P. Oxy. 235 or P. Oxy. II 235) is a horoscope written in Greek. It was discovered in Oxyrhynchus. The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a sheet. It is dated to the 1st century. Currently it is housed in the Cambridge University Library.
Description.
The papyrus contains the horoscope of a person born about 10 p.m. on September 28, between 15 and 37 AD. The measurements of the fragment are 210 by 135 mm. The handwriting is a good-sized semi-uncial hand. This is one of five known horoscopes written on papyrus.
It was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus. The text was published by Grenfell and Hunt in 1899.
Contents.
The horoscope gives the sign of the zodiac occupied by the sun, moon, Saturn, Jupiter, Mars, Venus, Mercury, and the four chief points in the heavens. A feature which distinguishes this horoscope from the other four known is a diagram below the text illustrating the position of the heavens at the time of the birth of the subject. The diagram consists of a circle divided by two diameters intersecting at right angles and connecting the zenith with the nadir, and the point in the heavens which was rising with that which was setting. The signs of the zodiac are marked inside the circle, the sun, moon, planets, and points of the heavens outside it, in a line with the sign to which they belong. 
Beginning at the top appear Aquarius at the zenith, Pisces, Aries, Taurus, containing the moon and the point which was rising, Gemini, Cancer, Leo at the nadir, Virgo, Libra, containing the sun and Mars, Scorpio, containing Mercury, Venus, and the point which was setting, Sagittarius, containing Saturn and Jupiter, and Capricorn. There is some error in the astronomical calculations recorded, because the position of the planets indicated could not have occurred during the span of time in which the horoscope was made.

</doc>
<doc id="36563449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563449" title="Khorezmian language">
Khorezmian language

Khorezmian may be:

</doc>
<doc id="36563474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563474" title="Extreme Spots">
Extreme Spots

"Extreme Spots" is the first episode of the ninth season and the 179th overall episode of the American animated television series "SpongeBob SquarePants". The episode originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on July 21, 2012. The series follows the adventures and endeavors of the title character and his various friends in the underwater city of Bikini Bottom. In this episode, SpongeBob and Patrick try to do their best to join extreme sports team the Drasticals, no matter how extreme, dangerous, or ludicrous it gets. It will see the duo try their hand at sand motor biking, hang gliding, seashell surfing and even extreme bubble blowing.
The episode was written by Luke Brookshier, Marc Ceccarelli, and Derek Iversen, and was directed by Tom Yasumi. The episode features the guest appearance of Johnny Knoxville as the voice of Johnny Krill. Upon release, the episode drew 3.7 million viewers, and was met with positive reviews.
Plot summary.
SpongeBob and Patrick are at the Sand Mountain where they see the Drasticals, doing extreme sports. A British fancy fish tells them about the Drasticals, and because he spoke in lisp, they have mistaken for "extreme spots". Covered with jellyfish sting "spots", SpongeBob and Patrick stand in front of the team, wanting the Drasticals to join them because of their "extreme spots". Johnny Krill, the leader of the Drasticals, corrects them for "sports" and lets them try to be Drasticals. Johnny gives SpongeBob and Patrick tasks to do to pass, including motorbiking and surfing, but they ended up to be terrible at it. Johnny decides that his team's activities are too "extreme" for SpongeBob and Patrick. Eventually, SpongeBob tells Johnny various activities they can do that are "extreme".
SpongeBob and Patrick do ordinary activities, including beating up a pillow in a boxing match and after Johnny beats it up, a bed mattress come to life and (after seeing its friend beaten up) attacks Johnny, then the Drasticals make it "extreme" because Johnny was unimpressed. Johnny asks if SpongeBob and Patrick can do other activities and SpongeBob says there is one sport—jellyfishing. And while they are doing it, the Drasticals catch jellyfish extremely. Later, the team got injured and are covered in jellyfish stings saying that the "spots" are way "extreme".
Production.
"Extreme Spots" was written by Luke Brookshier, Marc Ceccarelli, and Derek Iversen, and was directed by Tom Yasumi. Brookshier and Ceccarelli also functioned as storyboard directors. The episode was the first regular-length episode to be produced in high-definition. It originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on July 21, 2013, with a TV-Y7 parental rating. It was a part of the network's "The Super Spongy Square Games" marathon which debuted sports-themed episodes of the series.
In addition to the regular cast, American stunt performer and "Jackass" actor Johnny Knoxville guest starred in the episode as the voice of Johnny Krill, the leader of an extreme sports team called the Drasticals and a champion of undersea extreme sports. The writing staff wrote the episode specifically for Knoxville. Executive producer Paul Tibbitt said "wanted to do a show about extreme sports and the first thing that came to mind was Johnny Knoxville, because there are few humans living that are as extreme as him." Knoxville accepted the role because he is a fan of the show. Knoxville said "I got a lot of street cred[ability in the office for doing SpongeBob. Everyone is psyched[...] As soon as I was done recording this episode, I started begging them to let me come back and record another one." Knoxville asked if he needed to come up with a funny voice for his character. However, the producers said "No, we want voice." Knoxville claimed that "it's not easy" providing a vocal cameo. He added "It's a different kind of work."
Aside from providing vocal cameo, Knoxville also did a photo shoot with a SpongeBob plush toy for the episode. Knoxville said "They loaded me up with a bunch of schwag! Every toy they ever made—skateboards, wristbands, all kinds of great stuff. They just don't quit with the perks." He added "They crews let me do my own stunts for this episode. It was amazing."
On January 15, 2013, "Extreme Spots" became available on the DVD compilation "SpongeBob SquarePants: Extreme Kah-Rah-Tay" along with fellow eighth and ninth season episodes "Squid Defense", "The Way of the Sponge", "House Sittin' For Sandy", "The Krabby Patty That Ate Bikini Bottom", "Squirrel Record", "Face Freeze", and "Demolition Doofus".
Reception.
The premiere of "Extreme Spots" on July 21, 2012 as part of "The Super Spongy Square Games" marathon scored 3.7 million total viewers, ranking as the most watched kids program among total viewers for the entire week. The episode, alongside "Squirrel Record", "Demolition Doofus", and "Face Freeze!", posted a double-digit increase with kid demographic, averaging 5.57 million Kids 2-11 (+50%) from 2011.
"Extreme Spots" received positive reviews from critics. Paul Mavis of DVD Talk enjoyed the episode and said "'Extreme Spots' gets big laughs from some very funny bits." He added that the "stereotypical Britisher fish, complete with monocle and bad teeth, is a scream." In his review for the "Inside Pulse", Joe Corey said that the episode is "equally dangerous" with the remaining episodes of the "Extreme Kah-Rah-Tay" DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="36563485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563485" title="Peter Vroman">
Peter Vroman

Colonel Peter Vromen (b. - d. December 29, 1793) was an American Revolutionary War soldier from Schoharie, New York. 
He was a colonel in the 15th regiment of the Albany County militia. He is buried in the Old Stone Fort cemetery in Schoharie, New York. 
His home is next door to the Schoharie Bridge near the intersection of NY Route 30 and Route 443, also known as "Vromans Corners".

</doc>
<doc id="36563494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563494" title="Keiko Tsushima">
Keiko Tsushima

Born in Nagasaki Prefecture, she married Ichio Mori, then director of Tokyo Broadcasting System (TBS), in 1957.
She died of stomach cancer on 1 August 2012 at a hospital in Chuo, Tokyo, aged 86.

</doc>
<doc id="36563525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563525" title="Ahmed Atari">
Ahmed Atari

Ahmed Atari (born 2 May 1994 in Qatar) is a Qatari swimmer.
At the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, Ahmed finished in 34th place in the 50 m backstroke heats with a time of 32.37 seconds and in 34th or last place in the 400 m individual medley heats with a time of 5:16.80. The qualifying time for the 50 m backstroke was 25.98 seconds and for the 400 m IM was 4:24.77. At the short course 2010 FINA World Swimming Championships in Dubai, he placed 92nd in heats round of the 50 m freestyle with a time of 25.45 seconds.
Ahmed Atari made his Olympic debut for Qatar in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. Although he did not meet the Olympic qualifying time (4:16.46) or invitation time (4:25.44), he was permitted a wild card entry. The wild cards are designed to admit swimmers from developing nations that do not have swimmers who are able to meet the qualifying standards for a particular event. He competed in the 400m individual medley, finishing last in the first round of heats, with a time of 5:21:30.

</doc>
<doc id="36563532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563532" title="Tekedüzü">
Tekedüzü

Tekedüzü is a village in Bozyazı district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated to the northeast of Bozyazı. The distance to Bozyazı is and to Mersin is . The population of the village is only 43. as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36563543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563543" title="Narince, Bozyazı">
Narince, Bozyazı

Narince is a village in the Bozyazı district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated to the northwest of Bozyazı. The distance to Bozyazı is and the distance to Mersin was . The population of the village is 492 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36563547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563547" title="Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 236">
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 236

Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 236 (P. Oxy. 236 or P. Oxy. II 236) consists of three fragments concerning Ptolemy Neos Dionysus (Auletes), written in Greek. They were discovered in Oxyrhynchus. The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a sheet. It is dated to the 1st century BC. Currently it is housed in The British Library.
Description.
This is one of the earliest papyri found at Oxyrhynchus. It describes the form of the royal titles during the reign of Ptolemy Auletes, whose name in 1899 had not been found on a papyrus before. The first of the three fragments is written in an almost uncial hand, while the other two are more cursive. The measurements of the fragments are 43 by 62 mm, 42 by 71 mm, and 52 by 46 mm respectively.
It was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus. The text was published by Grenfell and Hunt in 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="36563549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563549" title="Rewind (Jamie McDell song)">
Rewind (Jamie McDell song)

"Rewind" is the second single by New Zealand singer-songwriter Jamie McDell. It was released digitally on July 13, 2012, as the first single from her debut album "Six Strings and a Sailboat". It was written and composed by McDell, and recorded at York Street Studio in Auckland. "Rewind" topped the Top 20 New Zealand Singles chart, which features singles by New Zealand artists, on July 23, 2012. McDell considers "Rewind" to be her official debut single.
Background.
McDell announced via Facebook on April 24, 2012, that her second single would be "Rewind". She explains:
An acoustic version was also recorded for her debut EP, "All That I Wanted - Acoustic EP", along with an acoustic music video.
Songwriting and lyrics.
The song is about a past relationship that she had over the summer that failed. In an interview with New Zealand radio station, "The Edge FM", she explained that the lyric "rewind five times" represents five separate occasions that she would like to forget. The meaning behind the song was posted by McDell via FaceBook on April 24, 2012:
Music video.
The official music video for "Rewind" was filmed at Pakiri Beach, New Zealand, and was released on July 12, 2012. McDell states it is her first professional music video in comparison to the laid-back, do-it-yourself feel of "You'll Never Take That Away". She explains the video "pretty much represents exactly what the song is about" and focuses on her looking back on the relationship. It features flashback scenes of happy memories which eventuate to a critical point in the relationship where it falls apart, ending with McDell finding comfort in music.
An additional music video was also filmed for the acoustic version of the song that features on "All That I wanted - Acoustic EP".
Chart performance.
"Rewind" entered and debuted on the Official New Zealand Top 40 at #30 on July 23, 2012, and is her second song to enter the chart. The single also topped the Top 20 New Zealand Singles chart (which features singles by New Zealand artists) on July 23, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36563555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563555" title="Lenger, Bozyazı">
Lenger, Bozyazı

Lenger is a village in Bozyazı district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated at the northeast of Bozyazı. The distance to Bozyazı is and to Mersin is . The population of the village is 235. as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36563556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563556" title="Anthony Hooper (judge)">
Anthony Hooper (judge)

Sir Anthony Hooper PC (b. 16 September 1937) is a former member of the Court of Appeal of England and Wales.
Hooper was educated at Sherborne School and Trinity Hall, Cambridge. He was called to the Bar in 1965 (Inner Temple), elected a bencher in 2003, and served as Chairman of the Inns of Court School of Law. He was also admitted to the Bar in British Columbia and was a professor at Osgoode Hall Law School in Toronto. He became a Queen's Counsel in 1987 and served as a Recorder from 1976 until his appointment to High Court on 14 February 1995. He received the customary knighthood and was assigned to the Queen's Bench Division and served as Presiding Judge on the South East Circuit from 1997 to 2000. On 24 March 2004, Hooper became a Lord Justice of Appeal, and was appointed to the Privy Council on 4 May of that year. Hooper reached the mandatory retirement age on 16 September 2012.
Hillsborough disaster.
In the year 2000, Mr Justice Hooper presided over the manslaughter trial of Supt David Duckenfield and Supt Bernard Murray. The pair were in charge when 96 Liverpool fans died in April 1989.
The two senior police officers accused of manslaughter after the Hillsborough disaster were told they would not face jail before the case was heard.
Hooper stated that if the former officers were found to be guilty of manslaughter, neither would face a prison sentence. The assurance, however, could not be disclosed until after the trial.
Merseyside solicitor David Kirwan said it was "almost unprecedented" that a judge would so assure defendants in a trial, calling into question Mr Justice Hooper's impartiality.
See also.
List of Lords Justices of Appeal

</doc>
<doc id="36563559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563559" title="Kömürlü, Bozyazı">
Kömürlü, Bozyazı

Kömürlü is a village in Bozyazı district of Mersin Province, Turkey.It is situated to the north of Bozyazı . The distance to Bozyazı is and to Mersin is . The population of the village is 336. as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36563563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563563" title="Aya Majdi">
Aya Majdi

Aya Mohamed Majdi (born 1 August 1994 in Egypt) is a Qatari table tennis player.
Trained by Chinese coach Su Li, Aya won three gold medals — singles, doubles and team — at the 2010 GCC Championship in Doha.
Aya Majdi will make her Olympic debut for Qatar at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, having qualified through one of the IOC’s Tripartite Commission invitation places. Aya is eyeing a regular qualification berth at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio De Janeiro.

</doc>
<doc id="36563565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563565" title="Wisconsin Wilderness">
Wisconsin Wilderness

The Wisconsin Wilderness are an American Junior ice hockey team based in Spooner, Wisconsin. The Wilderness play in the Canadian-based Superior International Junior Hockey League.
History.
In the summer of 2012, Donnie Roberts sold the original Wisconsin Wilderness, two-time SIJHL Bill Salonen Cup champions, to parties who moved the team to Cloquet, Minnesota. Built from the success of the original Minnesota Wilderness would win their third straight title and the Dudley Hewitt Cup as Central Canada Junior A champions. They would become the second team in SIJHL history to play for the Royal Bank Cup and the first American team in Canadian Junior A history to make the final round of the national playdowns. During this time, the Wilderness dropped a bombshell, that the team was leaving the SIJHL and joining the North American Hockey League. The Wilderness would lose their chance at the 2013 Royal Bank Cup in the semi-final, in overtime.
On July 11, 2013, USA Hockey granted Lars Geary a new team in the SIJHL. Geary would choose to go back to the previous franchise's name, the "Wisconsin Wilderness".
On September 21, 2013, the Wilderness played their first ever franchise game. The Wilderness traveled to Dryden, Ontario to play the Dryden Ice Dogs and lost the game 4–1. Zach Kraft scored the first ever goal in Wilderness history 11:36 into the first period. Luke Thompson made 37 saves in the effort for the Wilderness. The next night was the second game of a weekend doubleheader with the Ice Dogs, as the Wilderness avenged their previous loss and picked up their first franchise win with a 6–3 triumph. Sawyer Jacobson picked up the eventual game-winning goal 5:19 into the third period, while Luke Thompson made 35 saves to pick up the historic victory.

</doc>
<doc id="36563569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563569" title="Kızılca, Bozyazı">
Kızılca, Bozyazı

Kızılca is a village in Bozyazı district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in Toros Mountains to the north of Bozyazı.. The distance to Bozyazı is and to Mersin is . The population of the village is 222. as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36563575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563575" title="Gözsüzce">
Gözsüzce

Gösüzce is a village in Bozyazı district of Mersin Province, Turkey.It is a coastal village situated on Turkish state highwat which connect Mersin to Antalya. The distance to Bozyazı is and to Mersin is . The population of the village is 173. as of 2011.The main economic activity of the village is farming and the major crop is banana.

</doc>
<doc id="36563579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563579" title="Elmakuzu">
Elmakuzu

Elmakuzu is a village in Bozyazı district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in Toros Mountains to the north of Bozyazı. The village is far from the main roads. The distance to Bozyazı is and to Mersin is . The population of the village is 126. as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36563585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563585" title="Derebaşı, Bozyazı">
Derebaşı, Bozyazı

Derebaşı is a small village in Bozyazı district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated to the northeast of Bozyazı.. The distance to Bozyazı is and to Mersin is . The population of the village is 50. as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36563587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563587" title="Avis Hope Eckelberry">
Avis Hope Eckelberry

Avis Anne Hope Eckelberry (1956 – July 14, 2012) was an American film editor of The Flinstones and Cobb. She was the niece of actor and comedian Bob Hope.
Eckelberry grew up around Toluca Lake, California and died in 2012 of ovarian cancer at the age of 56, ten months after the death of Bob Hope's widow, Dolores Hope.

</doc>
<doc id="36563596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563596" title="Bahçekoyağı">
Bahçekoyağı

Bahçekoyağı is a village in Bozyazı district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated to the northeast of Bozyazı. . The distance to Bozyazı is and to Mersin is . The population of the village is 179. as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36563603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563603" title="Akcami, Bozyazı">
Akcami, Bozyazı

Akcami is a small village in Bozyazı district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated to the northwest of Bozyazı. . The distance to Bozyazı is and to Mersin is . The population of the village is 54. as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36563607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563607" title="Ardıçlıtaş">
Ardıçlıtaş

Ardıçlıtaş is a small village in Bozyazı district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the Taurus Mountains to the north of Bozyazı. The distance to Bozyazı is and to Mersin is . The population of the village is 46. as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36563640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563640" title="Join (sigma algebra)">
Join (sigma algebra)

In mathematics, the join of two sigma algebras over the same set "X" is the coarsest sigma algebra containing both.

</doc>
<doc id="36563650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563650" title="San Lucas 1, San Pablo">
San Lucas 1, San Pablo

Barangay San Lucas 1 (commonly known as Malinaw) is one of the 80 barangays of San Pablo City. Located along the shores of Sampaloc Lake, it is bordered by the city proper on south, Brgy. Del Remedio on west, Brgy. San Lucas 1.
Barangay Data.
-- Bliss Project - Marino 1-2- Malinaw

</doc>
<doc id="36563663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563663" title="Reform Party (19th-century Wisconsin)">
Reform Party (19th-century Wisconsin)

The Reform Party, also called Liberal Reform Party or People's Reform Party was a short-lived coalition of Democrats, reform and Liberal Republicans, and Grangers formed in 1873 in the U.S. state of Wisconsin, which secured the election for two years of William Robert Taylor as Governor of Wisconsin, as well as electing a number of state legislators. 
By 1875, with Taylor having lost his bid for re-election, the coalition had begun to dissolve; Greenbackers, who advocated some of the same policies, began to run their own candidates in 1876. The last edition of the "Wisconsin Blue Book" listing a legislator as "Reform" was that of 1878, in which Francis Steffen is described as a "Reform Democrat" (but had defeated a Greenback opponent in 1877).

</doc>
<doc id="36563699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563699" title="Jeff Kready">
Jeff Kready

Jeff Kready (born June 4 in Parsons, Kansas) is an American stage performer and has been featured in Broadway musicals.
Raised in Topeka, Kansas, Kready made his Broadway debut in the 2006 revival of "Les Misérables" in the role of Babet/Understudy Jean Valjean, and has the distinction of being the youngest actor to portray the role on Broadway. The show opened 9 November 2006 at the Broadhurst Theatre and closed on 6 January 2008. His next appearance on Broadway was in the Roundabout Theater Company 2008 Revival of Sunday in the Park with George, directed by Sam Buntrock and starring Daniel Evans (actor) and Jenna Russell.
Kready was in the Original Broadway Company of Billy Elliot The Musical, directed by Stephen Daldry and choreographed by Peter Darling. The Broadway production opened at the Imperial Theatre on 1 October 2008 in previews and officially on 13 November 2008. The production received fifteen Tony Award nominations, winning ten. Kready took over the lead role of Tony (Billy’s Brother) Summer 2010 Through 29 August 2010. Kready then left the show to originate the role of Tony on the second National Tour beginning November 2010.
In November 2013, Kready joined the Original Broadway Company of A Gentleman's Guide to Love and Murder. The production received nine Tony Award nominations, winning four - including Best Musical. Kready played the roles of Tom Copley, Newsboy, Actor and Guard.
Off-Broadway, Kready starred in the World Premiere of "Tokio Confidential" for the Atlantic Theater Company in the role of Ernest alongside of Jill Paice (Isabella). Other notable performances include the World Premiere of "In This House" (Two River Theater Company) in Red Bank, New Jersey. The book, "In This House", was written by Jonathan Bernstein with Mike Reid and Sarah Schlesinger and was directed by May Adrales. Regionally Kready has performed at the Goodspeed Opera House in East Haddam, Connecticut in the 2012 production of the Rodgers and Hammerstein classic "Carousel" in the role of Enoch Snow opposite Jenn Gambatese (Carrie), for which he received a Connecticut Critics Circle Nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Musical. David Sedaris' one-man-show The Santaland Diaries at Hartford's Theaterworks,
Kready recently completed a guest starring role in the Emmy-nominated HBO series "Boardwalk Empire" appearing in season 3, episode 6.
Kready has also performed voiceover work in the UMPQUA Bank television commercial campaign. He also sang on his wife, Nikki Renée Daniels' debut album "Home".
Kready, is a 2000 graduate of Washburn Rural High School. In 2004, he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Voice Performance and Vocal Music Education from Washburn University. He is also currently studying religious studies at Central Baptist Theological Seminary.

</doc>
<doc id="36563707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563707" title="Stergios Dimopoulos">
Stergios Dimopoulos


</doc>
<doc id="36563727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563727" title="1986–87 Saudi First Division">
1986–87 Saudi First Division

Statistics of the 1989–90 Saudi First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="36563751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563751" title="Chronic solvent-induced encephalopathy">
Chronic solvent-induced encephalopathy

Chronic solvent induced encephalopathy (CSE) is a condition induced by long-term exposure to organic solvents, typically in the workplace, that lead to a wide variety of persisting sensorimotor polyneuropathies and neurobehavioral deficits even after solvent exposure has been removed. This syndrome can also referred to as "psycho-organic syndrome", "organic solvent syndrome", "chronic painter's syndrome", "occupational solvent encephalopathy", "solvent intoxication", "toxic solvent syndrome", "painters disease", "psycho-organic syndrome", "chronic toxic encephalopathy", and "neurasthenic syndrome." The multiple names of solvent induced syndromes combined with inconsistency in research methods makes referencing this disease difficult and its catalog of symptoms vague.
Classification.
Introduced by a working group from the World Health Organization (WHO) in 1985, WHO diagnostic criteria states that CSE can occur in three stages, organic affective syndrome (type I), mild chronic toxic encephalopathy (type II), and severe chronic toxic encephalopathy (III). Shortly after, a workshop in Raleigh-Durham, NC United States released a second diagnostic criterion which recognizes four stages as symptoms only (type 1), sustained personality or mood swings (type 2A), impairment of intellectual function (type 2B), and dementia (type 3). Though not identical, the WHO and Raleigh criteria are relatively comparable. WHO type I and Raleigh types 1 and 2A are believed to encompass the same stages of CSE and WHO type II and Raleigh type 2B both involve deficiency in memory and attention. No other international classification for CSE have been proposed and neither the WHO or Raleigh criteria have been uniformly accepted for epidemiological studies.
Causes.
Organic solvents that cause CSE are characterized as volatile, blood soluble, lipophilic compounds that are typically liquids at normal temperature
. These can be compounds or mixtures used to extract, dissolve, or suspend non-water soluble materials such as fats, oils, lipids, cellulose derivatives, waxes, plastics, and polymers and are often used industrially in the production of paints, glues, coatings, degreasing agents, dyes, polymers, pharmaceuticals, and printing inks. Exposure to these solvents can occur by inhalation, ingestion, or direct absorption through the skin. Of the three, inhalation is the most common form of exposure with the solvent able to rapidly pass through lung membranes and then into fatty tissue or cell membranes. Once in the bloodstream, organic solvents, due to their lipophilic properties, easily cross the blood-brain barrier. The mechanism of effect that these solvents have on the brain that cause CSE, however, is not yet fully understood. Some common organic solvents known to cause CSE include H2S, formaldehyde, acetates, and alcohols.
Symptoms.
Two characteristic symptoms of CSE are deterioration of memory, particularly short-term, and attention. There are, however, numerous other symptoms that accompany to varying degrees. Variability in the research methods studying CSE makes characterizing these symptoms difficult and some are questionable as to whether they are actual symptoms of solvent induced syndromes due to how infrequently they appear. Further complicating characterizing CSE symptoms is that CSE is currently poorly defined and the mechanism behind it is not understood yet.
Neurological.
Reported neurological symptoms include difficulty sleeping, decrease in intellectual capacity, dizziness, altered visual perceptive abilities, affected psychomotor skills, forgetfulness, and disorientation. The mechanism behind these symptoms beyond solvent molecules crossing the blood-brain barrier is currently unknown.
Pathophysiological.
A common pathophysiological symptom is poorer vibratory sensation at extremities and inability to maintain steady motion, a possible effect from psychomotor damage in the brain. Other pathophysiological symptoms that have been seen range from fatigue, decreased strength, and unusual gait. One study found that there was a correlation between decreased red blood cell count and level of solvent exposure but not enough data has been found to support any blood tests to screen for CSE. Another study claimed that some solvent exposed workers suffered from loss of smell or color vision however this may or may not have been actually caused by exposure to organic solvents.
Psychological.
Psychological symptoms of CSE that have been reported include mood swings, increased irritability, depression, a lack of initiative, uncontrollable and intense displays of emotion such as spontaneous laughing or crying, and a severe lack of interest in sex. Some psychological symptoms are believed to be linked to frustration with other symptoms neurological or pathophysiological symptoms of CSE. A case study of a painter diagnosed with CSE reported that the patient frequently felt defensive, irritable, and depressed because of his memory deficiencies.
Diagnosis.
Due to its non-specific nature, diagnosing CSE requires a multidisciplinary "Solvent Team" typically consisting of a neurologist, occupational physician, occupational hygienist, neuropsychologist, and sometimes a psychiatrist or toxicologist. Together, the team of specialists together assesses the patient's history of exposure, symptoms, and course of symptom development relative to the amount and duration of exposure, presence of neurological signs, and any existing neuropsychological impairment. Furthermore, CSE must be diagnosed "per exclusionem." This means that all other possible causes of the patient’s symptoms must first be ruled out beforehand. Because screening and assessing for CSE is a complex and time consuming procedure requiring several specialists of multiple fields, few cases of CSE are accurately diagnosed in the medical field which may, in part, be a reason for the syndrome’s lack of recognition.
Brain imaging techniques that have been explored in research have shown little promise as alternative methods to diagnose CSE. Neuroradiology and functional imaging have shown mild cortical atrophy and effects in dopamine-mediated frontostriatal circuits in some cases. Examination of regional cerebral blood show in some imaging techniques have also shown some cerebrovascular abnormalities in patients with CSE but the data were not different enough from healthy patients to be considered significant. The most promising brain imaging technique being studied currently is functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) but as of now, brain imagining techniques are available to reliably diagnose CSE.
Treatment.
Like diagnosis, treating CSE is difficult due to how vaguely defined it is as well as lack of data on the mechanism of CSE on neural tissue. There is no existing treatment that is effective at completely recovering any neurological or physical function lost due to CSE. This is believed to be because of the limited regeneration capabilities in the central nervous system. Furthermore, existing symptoms of CSE can potentially worsen with age. Some symptoms of CSE, such as depression and sleep issues, can be treated separately and therapy is available to help patients adjust to any disabilities. Current treatment for CSE today involves treating accompanying psychopathology, symptoms, and preventing further deterioration.
History.
Cases of CSE have been studied predominantly in northern Europe, though documented cases have been found in other countries such as the United States, France, and China. The first documented evidence for CSE was in the early 1960s from a paper published by Helena Hanninen, a Finnish neuropsychologist. Her paper described a case of workers suffering from carbon disulfide intoxication at a rubber manufacturing company and coined the term "psycho-organic syndrome." Studies of solvent effects on intellectual functioning, memory, and concentration were carried out in the Nordic countries, with Denmark spearheading the research. Growing awareness of the syndrome in the Nordic countries occurred in the 1970s.
To reduce cases of CSE in the workforce, a diagnostic criterion for CSE appeared on information notices on occupational disease records in the European Commission. Following, from 1998 to 2004, was a health surveillance program for CSE cases among construction painters in the Netherlands. By 2000, a ban was put into action against using solvent-based paints indoors which resulted in a considerable reduction of solvent exposure to painters. As a result, the number of CSE cases dropped substantially after 2002. In 2005–2007, no new CSE cases were diagnosed among construction painters in the Netherlands and no occupational CSE has been encountered in workers under thirty years of age in Finland since 1995.
Though movements to reduce CSE have been successful, CSE still poses an issue to many workers that are at occupational risk. Statistics published in 2012 by Nicole Cherry et al. claim that at least 20% of employees in Finland still encounter organic solvents at the workplace and 10% of them experience some form of disadvantage from the exposure. In Norway, 11% of the male population of workers and 7% of female workers are still exposed to solvents daily and as of 2006, has the highest rate of diagnosed CSE in Europe. Furthermore, due to the complexity of screening for CSE, there is still a high likelihood of a population of undiagnosed cases. Occupations that have been found to have higher risk of causing CSE are painters, printers, industrial cleaner, and paint or glue manufacturer. Of them, painters have been found to have the highest recorded incidence of CSE. Spray painters in particular have higher exposure intensities than other painters. Studies of instances of CSE have specifically been carried out in naval dockyards, mineral fiber manufacturing companies, rayon viscose plants.

</doc>
<doc id="36563757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563757" title="Premiere (video game)">
Premiere (video game)

Premiere is a side-scrolling platform video game, which Core Design published for the Amiga in 1992 and Amiga CD32 in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36563759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563759" title="Gottlieb Wehrle">
Gottlieb Wehrle

Gottlieb Wehrle (March 14, 1822 - ?) was an American farmer from Fennimore, Wisconsin who spent a single term as a Reform Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from the third Grant County district.
Background.
Wehrle was born in the Grand Duchy of Baden, Germany, on March 14, 1822. He received a common school education and became a farmer. He came to the United States on March 10, 1854 in steerage, having embarked in Le Havre., eventually moved to Wisconsin in 1855 and settled on a farm in Fennimore.
Public office.
He was twice elected chairman of the Fennimore town board, before being elected to the Assembly in 1873 on the Reform ticket (in the same election which brought William Robert Taylor to power), with 584 votes to 530 for Republican former Assemblyman Jonathan B. Moore. (The incumbent, Republican John Monteith, was not a candidate for re-election.) He was assigned to the standing committee on education. 
In 1874 he sought re-election as a Democrat, but lost by 645 votes to 838 for former Republican Assemblyman Benjamin M. Coates.
Heritage.
The unincorporated community of Werley, Wisconsin was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="36563765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563765" title="StarDunk">
StarDunk

StarDunk is a video game for the Android as well as the iOS. It was made by Godzi Lab and released for the iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch. The game has a sequel titled "StarDunk Gold". It has achieved over 4 million downloads.
Gameplay.
Stardunk is a basketball game where the objective is to shoot the ball through the hoop. Set in space, it is a massively multiplayer game where the player competes at shooting against other players, in a space backdrop.
Reception.
Stardunk has received positive reviews. On Google Play, Stardunk has a five-star rating as of 28 July 2012. It currently holds a four-star rating on the app store. Android Tapp gave it a maximum five stars, saying that it is "huge, online multiplayer, basketballing extravaganza". Android Police claimed that "Stardunk is a great time-killing game where you can jump in for a few minutes". Touch Arcade praised the game, saying "Star Dunk is an entertaining take on a popular sport that should have the competitive types champing at the bit for a long time to come" but criticized the fact that there is no way to challenge friends directly. Gamezebo scored StarDunk 3.5/5.

</doc>
<doc id="36563788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563788" title="Ada Choi filmography">
Ada Choi filmography

This article presents the filmography of Hong Kong film and televisionn actress, producer and recording artist Ada Choi. 

</doc>
<doc id="36563793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563793" title="Jim Wilson (sports journalist)">
Jim Wilson (sports journalist)

Jim Wilson (born 1968) is an Australian sports journalist and reporter.
Wilson is currently sport presenter on "Seven News Sydney" and "Seven Afternoon News".
Career.
Wilson made Australian television history in August 2012 when he replaced Tony Squires as sports presenter on "Seven News Sydney". This is the first time a married couple has anchored an Australian news bulletin. (Wilson is married to "Seven News" presenter Chris Bath.)
Jim was also a reporter for the Seven Network during the 2012 London Olympics, appearing on various Seven Network news bulletins and programs. This was the sixth time Wilson had covered the olympics, either as a reporter or commentator.
Personal life.
In January 2012, Wilson married "Seven News Sydney" presenter Chris Bath after dating for three years.
Wilson's sister is journalist Rebecca Wilson.

</doc>
<doc id="36563797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563797" title="Kelly's Camp Historic District">
Kelly's Camp Historic District

Kelly's Camp is a small district of vacation cabins on the west shore of Lake McDonald in Glacier National Park, Montana, USA. Kelly's Camp consists of twelve log buildings along the western shore of the lake. It is notable as one of the most extensive summer cabin enclaves remaining in the park.
History.
The present area of the camp was originally the homestead of Frank Kelly, who staked his claim in March 1894. Kelly married Emmeline Haworth in 1897 and the family spent some of their summers at the camp. In 1906 Frank Kelly launched the "Emmeline", a motorized launch, which he hired out for visitors to the lake. Kelly partnered with Orville Denny around 1912 and operated the "Cassie D.", then went into business with John Lewis, operator of the Glacier Hotel on the other side of the lake. They operated the "Ethel" and the "Lewtana". Kelly operated the boating business until 1921, when he sold out, but bought the "Emmeline" back and operated it until 1936. 
Kelly had difficulty maintaining his land claim after the park was established in 1910, and needed a special patent granted by Congress in 1914 to own his property. During the 1920s Kelly started building cabins for rent on his property. In 1922 he sold two parcels which financed later development. Fannie Hollingsworth bought both parcels totaling and built the "Hollybourne" cabin starting in the fall of 1926, together with her daughter Cecilia Hollingsworth Chadbourne and Cecilia's husband Horace. In 1930 Kelly sold another to Horace Chadbourne. Chadbourne developed the land as a tent camp, which was also called Hollybourne. In 1934 both Hollybourne sites were sold by Cecilia to the government in return for a life estate.
By 1930 Kelly had built nine or ten cabins for rental and Frank and Liney Kelly lived in the Big House all year. Other cabins included Hollybourne, the Sun Cabin, the Bay Cabin and the Halfway Cabin. Horace Chadbourne and Frank Kelley cleared a road grade from the Lake McDonald Ranger Station to the camp in 1933, which was completed by the Park Service. Both Emmeline and Frank Kelly died within a day of each other of pneumonia in January 1935. Vern Kelly took over the camp, although bookings declined during the remainder of the 1930s and during World War II. The camp revived after the war and was a popular family resort. Vern Kelly died in 1958, and his widow sold a parcel to Wendell Hammond, who built two cabins. In 1963 Helen sold another parcel to Edward and Mary Jane Theefs, who built a cabin. Starting in 1964 the existing cabins were sold to tenured camp patrons. In 1988 a Kelly descendent sold the Big House and one cabin to the Park Service in exchange for a life estate. Property changed hands through the 2000s.
Description.
The cabins are mostly small log structures with gables facing the lake. The Big House was built in 1910. The largest structure in the camp, it is set back in the trees near the northern end of the camp. It was built in two phases, both of 1-1/2 stories. The older section had a large room used as an office, with a living area and kitchen in the newer section. Sleeping rooms were upstairs.
Cabin 00 was built between 1925 and 1930. It is the only cabin with gables on the sides, and is the northernmost, with a long porch facing the lake. There is a large room downstairs, with an adjoining bedroom covered by a sleeping loft. Kitchen and bathroom facilities are in an extension to the rear. Near the Big House and Cabin 00, there is an open-walled shop, built between 1910 and 1920, a 1927 generator house with an operating hydroelectric generator system, a 1910 woodshed, a 1905-1910 shower and laundry house and a root cellar from the same period.
Cabins 1 through 8 are arranged along the beach. All are of log construction and have gables facing the lake, with minor variations in size and arrangement. Bathroom additions were added to the rear of each cabin in the 1940s. Most of the original shingled roofs have been replaced with metal to reduce fire danger. Cabins 1 through 4 remain as contributing structures. Cabins 5 and 6 have been altered and are no longer considered contributing structures. Cabins 7 and 8 retain their integrity. Other structures include an open chapel, built about 1945 and a series of privies associated with cabins 00, 2, 4, 5 and 6.
Designation.
Kelly's Camp was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 23, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36563803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563803" title="Neuroscience of sleep">
Neuroscience of sleep

The neuroscience of sleep is the study of the neuroscientific and physiological basis of the nature of sleep and its functions. Traditionally, sleep has been studied as part of psychology and medicine. The study of sleep from a neuroscience perspective grew to prominence with advances in technology and proliferation of neuroscience research from the second half of the twentieth century. 
The fact that organisms spend about a third of their time in sleep, and that sleep deprivation can have disastrous effects ultimately leading to death demonstrate the importance of sleep. For a phenomenon so important, the purposes and mechanisms of sleep are only partially understood, so much that it has been quipped "The only known function of sleep is to cure sleepiness". However, the development of improved imaging techniques like EEG, PET and fMRI, along with high computational power have led to an increasingly greater understanding of the mechanisms underlying sleep.
The fundamental questions in the neuroscientific study of sleep are - 
Other areas of modern neuroscience sleep research include the evolution of sleep, sleep during development and aging, animal sleep, mechanism of effects of drugs on sleep, dreams and nightmares, and stages of arousal between sleep and wakefulness.
__TOC__
Introduction.
Sleep is a naturally recurring state characterized by reduced or absent consciousness, relatively suspended sensory activity, and inactivity of nearly all voluntary muscles. In mammals and birds, sleep is broadly divided into two types- rapid eye movement (REM) and non-rapid eye movement (NREM or non-REM) sleep. NREM sleep itself is divided into multiple stages- N1, N2 and N3. Sleep proceeds in cycles of REM and NREM, the order normally being N1 → N2 → N3 → N2 → REM. Of the two, NREM is considered to be deep sleep (the deepest part of NREM is called slow wave sleep), and is characterized by lack of prominent eye movement or muscle paralysis. On the other hand, REM sleep is considered closer to wakefulness and is characterized by rapid eye movement and muscle atonia. It is during REM sleep that dreams (or nightmares) occur.
Sleep timing is controlled by the circadian clock, and in humans, to some extent by willed behavior. The term circadian comes from the Latin "circa", meaning "around" (or "approximately"), and "diem" or dies, meaning "day". The circadian clock refers to a biological mechanism that governs multiple biological processes causing them to display an endogenous, entrainable oscillation of about 24 hours. These rhythms have been widely observed in plants, animals, fungi and cyanobacteria.
Sleep is considered an essential function for animals, though it is not yet sure why this is so. However, sleep deprivation can lead to drastic consequences, and inadequate sleep can lead to sleep debt. Also, sleep at any time of the day is not equivalent and it is most effective only when it coincides with certain biological processes.
Correlates of sleep.
One of the important questions in sleep research is clearly defining the sleep state. This problem arises because sleep was traditionally defined as a state of consciousness and not as a physiological state, thus there was no clear definition of what minimum set of events constitute sleep and distinguish it from other states of partial or no consciousness. The problem of making such a definition is complicated because it needs to include a variety of modes of sleep found across different species.
At a symptomatic level, sleep is characterized by lack of reactivity to sensory inputs, low motor output, diminished conscious awareness and rapid reversibility to wakefulness. However, to translate these into a biological definition is difficult because no single pathway in the brain is responsible for the generation and regulation of sleep. One of the earliest proposals was to define sleep as the deactivation of the cerebral cortex and the thalamus because of near lack of response to sensory inputs during sleep. However, this was invalidated because both regions are active in some phases of sleep. In fact, it appears that the thalamus is only deactivated in the sense of transmitting sensory information to the cortex.
Some of the other observations about sleep included decrease of sympathetic activity and increase of parasympathetic activity in non-REM sleep, and increase of heart rate and blood pressure accompanied by decrease in homeostatic response and muscle tone during REM sleep. However, these symptoms are not limited to sleep situations and do not map to specific physiological definitions.
More recently, the problem of definition has been addressed by observing overall brain activity in the form of characteristic EEG patterns. Each stage of sleep and wakefulness has a characteristic pattern of EEG which can be used to identify the stage of sleep. Waking is usually characterized by beta (12–30 Hz) and gamma (25–100 Hz) depending on whether there was a peaceful or stressful activity. The onset of sleep involves slowing down of this frequency to the drowsiness of alpha (8–12 Hz) and finally to theta (4–10 Hz) of Stage 1 NREM sleep. This frequency further decreases progressively through the higher stages of NREM and REM sleep. On the other hand, the amplitude of sleep waves is lowest during wakefulness (10-30μV) and shows a progressive increase through the various stages of sleep. Stage 2 is characterized by sleep spindles (intermittent clusters of waves at sigma frequency i.e. 12–14 Hz) and K complexes (sharp upward deflection followed by slower downward deflection). Stage 3 sleep has more sleep spindles. Stages 3 and 4 have very high amplitude delta waves (0–4 Hz) and are known as slow wave sleep. REM sleep is characterized by low amplitude, mixed frequency waves- a sawtooth wave pattern is often present.
Ontogeny and phylogeny of sleep.
The questions of how sleep evolved in the animal kingdom and how it developed in humans are especially important because they might provide a clue to the functions and mechanisms of sleep respectively.
Sleep evolution.
Sleep (especially deep SWS and REM) is tricky behavior because it steeply increases predation risk. This means that, for sleep to have evolved, the functions of sleep should have provided a substantial advantage over the risk it entails. In fact, studying sleep in different organisms shows how they have balanced this risk by evolving partial sleep mechanisms or by having protective habitats. Thus, studying the evolution of sleep might give a clue not only to the developmental aspects and mechanisms, but also to an adaptive justification for sleep.
One challenge studying sleep evolution is that adequate sleep information is known only for two classes of animals- chordata and arthropoda. With the available data, comparative studies have been used to determine how sleep might have evolved. One question that scientists try to answer through these studies is whether sleep evolved only once or multiple times. To understand this, they look at sleep patterns in different classes of animals whose evolutionary histories are fairly well-known and study their similarities and differences.
Humans possess both slow wave and REM sleep, in both phases both eyes are closed and both hemispheres of the brain involved. Sleep has also been recorded in mammals other than humans. One interesting study showed that echidnas possess only slow wave sleep (non-REM). This seems to indicate that REM sleep appeared in evolution only after therians. But this has later been contested by studies that claim that sleep in echidna combines both modes into a single sleeping state. Other studies have shown a peculiar form of sleep in odontocetes (like dolphins and porpoises). This is called the unihemispherical slow wave sleep (USWS). At any time during this sleep mode, the EEG of one brain hemisphere indicates sleep while that of the other is equivalent to wakefulness. In some cases, the corresponding eye is open. This might allow the animal to reduce predator risk and sleep while swimming in water, though the animal may also be capable of sleeping at rest.
The correlates of sleep found for mammals are valid for birds as well i.e. bird sleep is very similar to mammals and involves both SWS and REM sleep with similar features, including closure of both eyes, lowered muscle tone,etc. However, the proportion of REM sleep in birds is much lower. Also, some birds can sleep with one eye open if there is high predation risk in the environment. This gives rise to the possibility of sleep in flight; considering that sleep is very important and some bird species can fly for weeks continuously, this seems to be the obvious result. However, sleep in flight has not been recorded, and is so far unsupported by EEG data. Further research may explain whether birds sleep during flight or if there are other mechanisms which ensure their remaining healthy during long flights in the absence of sleep.
Unlike in birds, very few consistent features of sleep have been found among reptile species. The only common observation is that reptiles do not have REM sleep.
Sleep in some invertebrates has also been extensively studied, for e.g., sleep in fruitflies (Drosophila) and honeybees. Some of the mechanisms of sleep in these animals have been discovered while others remain quite obscure. The features defining sleep have been identified for the most part, and like mammals, this includes reduced reaction to sensory input, lack of motor response in the form of antennal immobility, etc.
The fact that both the forms of sleep are found in mammals and birds, but not in reptiles (which are considered to be an intermediate stage) indicates that sleep might have evolved separately in both. Substantiating this might be followed by further research on whether the EEG correlates of sleep are involved in its functions or if they are merely a feature. This might further help in understanding the role of sleep in long term plasticity.
Sleep development and aging.
The ontogeny of sleep is the study of sleep across different age groups of a species, particularly during development and aging. Among mammals, infants sleep the longest. Human babies have 8 hours of REM sleep and 8 hours of NREM sleep on an average. The percentage of time spent on each mode of sleep varies greatly in the first few weeks of development and some studies have correlated this to the degree of precociality of the child. Within a few months of postnatal development, there is a marked reduction in percentage of hours spent in REM sleep. By the time the child becomes an adult, he spends about 6–7 hours in NREM sleep and only about an hour in REM sleep. This is true not only of humans, but of many animals dependent on their parents for food. The observation that the percentage of REM sleep is very high in the first stages of development has led to the hypothesis that REM sleep might facilitate early brain development. However, this theory has been contested by other studies.
Sleep behavior undergoes substantial changes during adolescence- some of these changes may be societal in humans, but other changes are hormonal. Another important change is the decrease in the number of hours of sleep, as compared to childhood, which gradually becomes identical to an adult. It is also being speculated that homeostatic regulation mechanisms may be altered during adolescence. Apart from this, the effect of changing routines of adolescents on other behavior such as cognition and attention is yet to be studied.
Sleep in aging is another equally important area of research. A common observation is that many older adults spend time awake in bed after sleep onset in an inability to fall asleep and experience marked decrease in sleep efficiency. There may also be some changes in circadian rhythms. Studies are ongoing about what causes these changes and how they may be reduced to ensure comfortable sleep of old adults.
Brain activity during sleep.
Understanding the activity of different parts of the brain during sleep can give a clue to the functions of sleep. It has been observed that mental activity is present during all stages of sleep, though from different regions in the brain. So, contrary to popular understanding, the brain never completely shuts down. Also, sleep intensity of a particular region is homeostatically related to the corresponding amount of activity before sleeping. The use of imaging modalities like PET and fMRI, combined with EEG recordings, gives a clue to which brain regions participate in creating the characteristic wave signals and what their functions might be.
NREM sleep activity.
NREM sleep is characterized by decreased global and regional cerebral blood flow. Initially, it was expected that the brainstem, which was implicated in arousal would be inactive, but this was later on found to have been due to low resolution of PET studies and it was shown that there is some slow wave activity in the brainstem as well. However, other parts of the brain, including the precuneus, basal forebrain and basal ganglia are deactivated during sleep. Many areas of the cortex are also inactive, but to different levels. For example, the ventromedial prefrontal cortex is considered the least active area while the primary cortex, the least deactivated.
NREM sleep is characterized by slow oscillations, spindles and delta waves. The slow oscillations have been shown to be from the cortex, as lesions in other parts of the brain do not affect them, but lesions in the cortex do. The delta waves have been shown to be generated by reciprocally connected thalamic and cortical neural circuits. During sleep, the thalamus stops relaying sensory information to the brain, however it continues to produce signals that are sent to its cortical projections. These waves are generated in the thalamus even in the absence of the cortex, but the cortical output seems to play a role in the simultaneous firing by large groups of neurons. The thalamic reticular nucleus is considered to be the pacemaker of the sleep spindles. This has been further substantiated by the fact that rhythmic stimulation of the thalamus leads to increased secondary depolarization in cortical neurons, which further results in the increased amplitude of firing, causing self-sustained activity. The sleep spindles have been predicted to play a role in disconnecting the cortex from sensory input and allowing entry of calcium ions into cells, thus potentially playing a role in Plasticity.
REM sleep activity.
REM sleep is characterized by high global cerebral blood flow, comparable to wakefulness. In fact, many areas in the cortex have been recorded to have more blood flow during REM sleep than even wakefulness- this includes the hippocampus, temporal-occipital areas, some parts of the cortex, and basal forebrain. The limbic and paralimbic system including the amygdala are other active regions during REM sleep. Though the brain activity during REM sleep appears very similar to wakefulness, the main difference between REM and wakefulness is that, arousal in REM is more effectively inhibited. This, along with the virtual silence of monoaminergic neurons in the brain, maybe said to characterize REM.
In EEG recordings, REM sleep is characterized by high frequency, low amplitude activity and spontaneous occurrence of beta and gamma waves. The best candidates for generation of these fast frequency waves are fast rhythmic bursting neurons in corticothalamic circuits. Unlike in slow wave sleep, the fast frequency rhythms are synchronized over restricted areas in specific local circuits between thalamocortical and neocortical areas. These are said to be generated by cholinergic processes from brainstem structures. 
Apart from this, the amygdala plays a role in REM sleep modulation, supporting the hypothesis that REM sleep allows internal information processing. The high amygdalar activity may also cause the emotional responses during dreams. Similarly, the bizarreness of dreams may be due to the decreased activity of prefrontal regions, which are involved in integrating information as well as episodic memory.
Ponto-geniculo-occipital waves.
REM sleep is also related to the firing of ponto-geniculo-occipital waves (also called phasic activity or PGO waves) and activity in the cholinergic ascending arousal system. The PGO waves have been recorded in the lateral geniculate nucleus and occipital cortex during the pre-REM period and are thought to represent dream content. The greater signal-to-noise ratio in the LG cortical channel suggests that visual imagery in dreams may appear before full development of REM sleep, but this has not yet been confirmed. PGO waves may also play a role in development and structural maturation of brain, as well as long term potentiation in immature animals, based on the fact that there is high PGO activity during sleep in the developmental brain.
Network reactivation.
The other form of activity during sleep is reactivation- some electrophysiological studies have shown that neuronal activity patterns found during a learning task before sleep are reactivated in the brain during sleep. This, along with the coincidence of active areas with areas responsible for memory have led to the theory that sleep might have some memory consolidation functions. In this relation, some studies have shown that after a sequential motor task, the pre-motor and visual cortex areas involved are most active during REM sleep, but not during NREM. Similarly, the hippocampal areas involved in spatial learning tasks are reactivated in NREM sleep, but not in REM. Such studies suggest a role of sleep in consolidation of specific memory types. It is, however, still unclear whether other types of memory are also consolidated by these mechanisms.
Hippocampal neocortical dialog.
The hippocampal neocortical dialog refers to the very structured interactions during SWS between groups of neurons called ensembles in the hippocampus and neocortex. Sharp wave patterns (SPW) dominate the hippocampus during SWS and neuron populations in the hippocampus participate in organized bursts during this phase. This is done in synchrony with state changes in the cortex (DOWN/UP state) and coordinated by the slow oscillations in cortex. These observations, coupled with the knowledge that the hippocampus plays a role in short to medium term memory whereas the cortex plays a role in long term memory, have led to the hypothesis that the hippocampal neocortical dialog might be a mechanism through which the hippocampus transfers information to the cortex. Thus, the hippocampal neocortical dialog is said to play a role in memory consolidation.
Sleep regulation.
Sleep regulation refers to the control of when an organism transitions between sleep and wakefulness. The key questions here are to identify which parts of the brain are involved in sleep onset and what their mechanisms of action are. In humans and most animals sleep and wakefulness seems to follow an electronic flip-flop model i.e. both states are stable, but the intermediate states are not. Of course, unlike in the flip-flop, in the case of sleep, there seems to be a timer ticking away from the minute of waking so that after a certain period one must sleep, and in such a case even waking becomes an unstable state. The reverse may also be true to a lesser extent.
Sleep onset.
Some light was thrown on the mechanisms on sleep onset by the discovery that lesions in the preoptic area and anterior hypothalamus lead to insomnia while those in the posterior hypothalamus lead to sleepiness. Apart from this, it was found that lesions in oral pontine and midbrain reticular formation lead to loss of cortical activation. This was further narrowed down to show that the central midbrain tegmentum is the region that plays a role in cortical activation. Thus, sleep onset seems to arise from activation of the anterior hypothalamus along with inhibition of the posterior regions and the central midbrain tegmentum. Further research has shown that the hypothalamic region called ventrolateral preoptic nucleus produces the inhibitory neurotransmitter GABA that inhibits the arousal system during sleep onset.
Models of sleep regulation.
Sleep is regulated by two parallel mechanisms- homeostatic regulation and circadian regulation, controlled by the hypothalamus and the suprachiasmatic nucleus (SCN) respectively. Although the exact nature of sleep drive is unknown, homeostatic pressure builds up during wakefulness and this continues until the person goes to sleep. Adenosine is thought to play a critical role in this and many people have proposed that the pressure build-up is partially due to adenosine accumulation. However, some researchers have shown that accumulation alone does not explain this phenomenon completely. The circadian rhythm is a 24 hr cycle in the body, which has been shown to continue even in the absence of environmental cues. This is caused by projections from the SCN to the brain stem. 
This two process model was first proposed in 1982 by Borbely, who called them Process S (homeostatic) and Process C (Circadian) respectively. He showed how the slow wave density increases through the night and then drops off at the beginning of the day while the circadian rhythm is like a sinusoid. He proposed that the pressure to sleep was the maximum when the difference between the two was highest.
In 1993, a different model called the opponent process model was proposed. This model explained that these two processes opposed each other to produce sleep, as against Borbely's model. According to this model, the SCN, which is involved in the circadian rhythm, enhances wakefulness and opposes the homeostatic rhythm. In opposition is the homeostatic rhythm, regulated via a complex multisynaptic pathway in the hypothalamus that acts like a switch and shuts off the arousal system. Both effects together produce a see-saw like effect of sleep and wakefulness.
More recently, it has been proposed that both models have some validity to them, while new theories hold that inhibition of NREM sleep by REM could also play a role. In any case, the two process mechanism adds flexibility to the simple circadian rhythm and could have evolved as an adaptive measure.
Thalamic regulation.
Much of the brain activity in sleep has been attributed to the thalamus and it appears that the thalamus may play a critical role in SWS. The two primary oscillations in slow wave sleep- delta and the slow oscillation can be generated by both the thalamus and the cortex. However, sleep spindles can only be generated by the thalamus, making its role very important. The thalamic pacemaker hypothesis holds that these oscillations are generated by the thalamus but the synchronization of several groups of thalamic neurons firing simultaneously depends on the thalamic interaction with the cortex. The thalamus also plays a critical role in sleep onset when it changes from tonic to phasic mode, thus acting like a mirror for both central and decentral elements and linking distant parts of the cortex to co-ordinate their activity.
Reticular activating system.
The reticular activating system consists of three groups of neurons in the brain stem- pedunculopontine nucleus, locus caeruleus and raphe nucleus. When awake, it receives all kinds of non-specific sensory information and relays them to the cortex. It also modulates fight or flight responses and is hence linked to the motor system. During sleep onset, it acts via two pathways- the first is the cholinergic pathway that clears the way for thalamocortical transmission; the second is the monoaminergic pathway (which starts in the upper brain and projects to the hypothalamus and cerebral cortex) that can cause wakefulness if inactive. It is also predicted to play a role in REM sleep by modulating muscle tone, causing the muscle atonia characteristic of REM sleep. During NREM sleep this system is blocked by the preoptic nucleus neurons.
Sleep function.
The need and function of sleep are among the least clearly understood areas in sleep research. While some functions of sleep are known, others have been proposed but not completely substantiated or understood. Some of the early ideas about sleep function were based on the fact that most (if not all) external activity is stopped during sleep. Initially, it was thought that sleep was simply a mechanism for the body to "take a break" and reduce wear. Later observations of the low metabolic rates in the brain during sleep seemed to indicate some metabolic functions of sleep. With the development of EEG, it was found that the brain has almost continuous internal activity during sleep, leading to the idea that the function could be that of reorganization or specification of neuronal circuits or strengthening of connections. These hypotheses are still being explored. Other proposed functions of sleep include- maintaining hormonal balance, temperature regulation and maintaining heart rate.
Endocrine function.
The secretion of many hormones is affected by sleep-wake cycles. For example, melatonin, a hormonal timekeeper, is considered a strongly circadian hormone, whose secretion increases at dim light and peaks during nocturnal sleep, diminishing with bright light to the eyes. In some organisms melatonin secretion depends on sleep, but in humans it is independent of sleep and depends only on light level. Of course, in humans as well as other animals, such a hormone may facilitate coordination of sleep onset. Similarly, cortisol and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) are strongly circadian and diurnal hormones, mostly independent of sleep. In contrast, other hormones like growth hormone (GH) & prolactin are critically sleep-dependent, and are suppressed in the absence of sleep. GH has maximum increase during SWS while prolactin is secreted early after sleep onset and rises through the night. In some hormones whose secretion is controlled by light level, sleep seems to increase secretion. Almost in all cases, sleep deprivation has detrimental effects. For example, cortisol, which is essential for metabolism (it is so important that animals can die within a week of its deficiency) and affects the ability to withstand noxious stimuli, is increased by waking and during REM sleep. Similarly, TSH increases during nocturnal sleep and decreases with prolonged periods of reduced sleep, but interestingly, increases during total acute sleep deprivation. 
Because hormones play a major role in energy balance and metabolism, and sleep plays a critical role in the timing and amplitude of their secretion, sleep has a sizable effect on metabolism. This could explain some of the early theories of sleep function that predicted that sleep has a metabolic regulation role.
Memory processing.
The role of sleep in memory has long been suspected. Many initial studies focused primarily on testing the effect of sleep on memory after training a particular task (posttraining), but later studies have also confirmed the importance of pretraining sleep on learning a new task. Such behavioral and imaging measures in tests with both animal and human subjects have shown that pretraining sleep plays a critical role in preparing the memory for encoding and posttraining sleep plays a major role in memory consolidation.
Further studies have looked at the specific effects of different stages of sleep on different types of memory. For example, it has been found that sleep deprivation does not significantly affect recognition of faces, but can produce a significant impairment of temporal memory (discriminating which face belonged to which set shown). Sleep deprivation was also found to increase beliefs of being correct, especially if they were wrong. Another study reported that the performance on free recall of a list of nouns is significantly worse when sleep deprived (an average of 2.8 ± 2 words) compared to having a normal night of sleep (4.7 ± 4 words). These results indicate the role of sleep on declarative memory formation. This has been further confirmed by observations of low metabolic activity in the prefrontal cortex and temporal and parietal lobes for the temporal learning and verbal learning tasks respectively. Data analysis has also shown that the neural assemblies during SWS correlated significantly more with templates than during waking hours or REM sleep. Also, post-learning, post-SWS reverberations lasted 48 hours, much longer than the duration of novel object learning (1 hour), indicating long term potentiation.
Other interesting observations include the importance of napping- improved performance in some kinds of tasks after a 1 hour afternoon nap; studies of performance of shift workers- showing that an equal number of hours of sleep in the day is not the same as in the night. Current research studies look at the molecular and physiological basis of memory consolidation during sleep. These, along with studies of genes that may play a role in this phenomenon, together promise to give a more complete picture of the role of sleep in memory.
Sleep can also serve to weaken synaptic connections that were acquired over the course of the day but which are not essential to optimal functioning. In doing so, the resource demands can be lessened, since the upkeep and strengthening of synaptic connections constitutes a large portion of energy consumption by the brain and tax other cellular mechanisms such as protein synthesis for new channels. Without a mechanism like this taking place during sleep, the metabolic needs of the brain would increase over repeated exposure to daily synaptic strengthening, up to a point where the strains become excessive or untenable.
Behavior change with sleep deprivation.
Sleep deprivation is common and sometimes even necessary in modern societies because of occupational and domestic reasons like round-the-clock service, security or media coverage, cross-time-zone projects etc. This makes understanding the effects of sleep deprivation very important. Though many studies have been done from the early 1900s to document the effect of sleep deprivation, the neurobehavioral basis for these has been studied only recently.
Sleep deprivation has been strongly correlated with increased probability of accidents and industrial errors. Many studies have shown the slowing of metabolic activity in the brain with many hours of sleep debt. Some studies have also shown that the attention network in the brain is particularly affected by lack of sleep, and though some of the effects on attention may be masked by alternate activities (like standing or walking) or caffeine consumption, attention deficit cannot be completely avoided.
Sleep deprivation has been shown to have a detrimental effect on cognitive tasks, especially involving divergent functions or multitasking. It also has effects on mood and emotion, and there have been multiple reports of increased tendency for rage, fear or depression with sleep debt. However, some of the higher cognitive functions seem to remain unaffected albeit slower. Many of these effects vary from person to person i.e. while some individuals have high degrees of cognitive impairment with lack of sleep, in others, it has minimal effects. The exact mechanisms for the above are still unknown and the exact neural pathways and cellular mechanisms of sleep debt are still being researched.
Sleep disorders.
A sleep disorder, or somnipathy, is a medical disorder of the sleep patterns of a person or animal. Polysomnography is a test commonly used for diagnosing some sleep disorders. Sleep disorders are broadly classified into dyssomnias, parasomnias, circadian rhythm sleep disorders, and other disorders including ones caused by medical or psychological conditions and sleeping sickness. Some common sleep disorders include insomnia (chronic inability to sleep), sleep apnea (abnormally low breathing during sleep), narcolepsy (excessive sleepiness at inappropriate times), cataplexy (sudden and transient loss of muscle tone), and sleeping sickness (disruption of sleep cycle due to infection). Other disorders that are being studied include sleepwalking, sleep terror and bed wetting.
Studying sleep disorders is particularly useful as it gives some clues as to which parts of the brain may be involved in the modified function- this is done by comparing the imaging and histological patterns in normal and affected subjects. Treatment of sleep disorders typically involves behavioral and psychotherapeutic methods though other techniques may also be used. The choice of treatment methodology for a specific patient depends on the patient's diagnosis, medical and psychiatric history, and preferences, as well as the expertise of the treating clinician. Often, behavioral or psychotherapeutic and pharmacological approaches are compatible and can effectively be combined to maximize therapeutic benefits.
A related field is that of sleep medicine which involves the diagnosis and therapy of sleep disorders and sleep deprivation, which is a major cause of accidents. This involves a variety of diagnostic methods including polysomnography, sleep diary, multiple sleep latency test, etc. Similarly, treatment may be behavioral such as cognitive behavioral therapy or may include pharmacological medication or bright light therapy.
Dreaming.
Dreams are successions of images, ideas, emotions, and sensations that occur involuntarily in the mind during certain stages of sleep (mainly the REM stage). The content and purpose of dreams are not yet clearly understood though various theories have been proposed. The scientific study of dreams is called oneirology.
There are many theories about the neurological basis of dreaming. This includes the activation synthesis theory- the theory that dreams result from brain stem activation during REM sleep; the continual activation theory- the theory that dreaming is a result of activation and synthesis but dreams and REM sleep are controlled by different structures in the brain; and dreams as excitations of long term memory- a theory which claims that long term memory excitations are prevalent during waking hours as well but are usually controlled and become apparent only during sleep.
There are multiple theories about dream function as well. Some studies claim that dreams strengthen semantic memories- this is based on the role of hippocampal neocortical dialog and general connections between sleep and memory. One study surmises that dreams erase junk data in the brain. Emotional adaptation and mood regulation are other proposed functions of dreaming. From an evolutionary standpoint, dreams might simulate threatening events that may be common in the animal's life and may be passed on in the form of genetic memories. Most theories of dream function appear to be conflicting, but it is possible that many short-term dream functions could act together to achieve a bigger long-term function. It may be noted that evidence for none of these theories is entirely conclusive.
The incorporation of waking memory events into dreams is another area of active research and some researchers have tried to link it to the declarative memory consolidation functions of dreaming.
A related area of research is the neuroscience basis of nightmares. Many studies have confirmed a high prevalence of nightmares and some have correlated them with high stress levels. Multiple models of nightmare production have been proposed including neo-Freudian models as well as other models such as image contextualization model, boundary thickness model, threat simulation model etc. Neurotransmitter imbalance has been proposed as a cause of nightmares, as also affective network dysfunction- a model which claims that nightmare is a product of dysfunction of circuitry normally involved in dreaming. As with dreaming, none of the models have yielded conclusive results and studies continue about these questions.

</doc>
<doc id="36563812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563812" title="Maurice Kay">
Maurice Kay

Sir Maurice Ralph Kay PC (b. 6 December 1942) is a member of the Court of Appeal of England and Wales.
Kay was educated at William Hulme's Grammar School in Manchester and the University of Sheffield
Kay was called to the Bar in 1975 (Gray's Inn) and was elected a bencher in 1995. He became a Queen's Counsel and was appointed a Recorder in 1988. He was appointed to the High Court on 17 January 1995, receiving the customary knighthood. He was assigned to the Queen's Bench Division, serving on the Employment Appeal Tribunal from June 1995. He was Presiding Judge of the Chester Circuit from 1996 to 1999, and was appointed Judge in Charge of the Administrative Court in 2002. On 14 January 2004, Kay became a Lord Justice of Appeal, and was appointed to the Privy Council on 11 February of that year. He served as President of the Judicial Studies Board from July 2007 to July 2010, and began a three-year term as Vice-President of the Court of Appeal (Civil Division) on 6 May 2010.
See also.
List of Lords Justices of Appeal

</doc>
<doc id="36563816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563816" title="Frederick Pratt">
Frederick Pratt

The Reverend Frederick Vicary Pratt (9 April 1870 - 25 April1932) was an Australian-born Congregational church minister who served as chairman of the State Congregational Unions of New South Wales (1906-07), South Australia (1909-10) and Victoria (1914-15). He maintained that Australians could hold their own against the world in art, scholarship and sport and believed that Australia would at some time produce a national religious reformer attuned to local conditions.
Early life and family.
Pratt was born at Petersham, New South Wales, the seventh child of William Pratt, an English-born pharmacist. He was educated at Newington College commencing in 1883 and in 1888 he won the Wigram Allen Scholarship, endowed by Sir George Wigram Allen, for general proficiency. At the end of 1888 Pratt was named Dux of the College and received the Schofield Scholarship. He went up to the University of Sydney and in 1889 graduated as a Bachelor of Arts in 1892 and a Master of Arts in 1897 with first-class honours in Latin and the University gold medal for logic and mental philosophy. After visiting the other colonies and New Zealand as the travelling secretary of the Student Christian Movement, Pratt studied theology at Camden College and was ordained in 1897. He married Agnes Elizabeth Waddell in the year of his ordination.
Ministry.
He served as a minister at the Katoomba, New South Wales, Congregational Church from 1897 to 1907 and the Angaston, South Australia, Congregational Church from 1907 unil 1910. He moved to Victoria as minister of Wyclif Congregational Church in Surrey Hills serving from 1910 until 1916 when he went to Brisbane, Queensland. He returned to Sydney and the Vaucluse church in 1917 and Hunters Hill in 1918 before a three year ministry in Davey Street Hobart, Tasmania. Pratt's final ministry was at the Roseby Memorial Church in Marrickville, New South Wales from 1928 until his death in 1932. He was survived by his wife, daughter and four sons.

</doc>
<doc id="36563829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563829" title="Charmaine Sheh filmography">
Charmaine Sheh filmography

This article presents the filmography of Hong Kong film and televisionn actress, producer and recording artist Charmaine Sheh.

</doc>
<doc id="36563841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563841" title="Moelingen">
Moelingen

Moelingen (French name Mouland) is a village in the municipality of Voeren, which is part of the province of Limburg in the European country of Belgium.
Until 1977 Moelingen was a municipality of its own. In that year it became part of the Voeren municipality.
In this village, like in all of the Belgian (as well as the neighbouring Dutch) province of Limburg, predominantly "Limburgs" is spoken, a Low Frankish dialect, closely related to Flemish.
Geography.
Moelingen is the westernmost of the six villages that together form the Voeren municipality 
It is located in the valley of the Meuse river and on the river Berwinne (Berwijn), which, a little further westward, flows into the Meuse.
Further westward, across the Meuse river, the southern end of the Caestert Plateau (part of the Mount Saint Peter) is situated, as well as the village of Lieze (in French "Lixhe"), which is part of the Wallonian Wezet (in French "Visé") municipality.
On its north side, Moelingen abuts the Belgian border with the Netherlands, just south of "Withuis", a hamlet in the Dutch municipality of Eijsden-Margraten. 
This Withuis by the way is partly situated on the Belgian side of the border, so that it once partly belonged to the former municipality of Moelingen and by now partly belongs to the municipality of Voeren.
Also on its west and its east side Moelingen more or less abuts the Belgian border with the Netherlands, as it is situated in a peak in this border.
As a result on its northeast side its neighbouring place is Mesch, an ancient village in the municipality of Eijsden-Margraten.
Further on its east side (behind the frontier heading northwards again) its neighbouring place is Gravenvoeren, more or less the main village of the Voeren municipality.
To the south Moelingen is bordering the municipality of Visé.
History.
Moelingen was formerly part of Dalham County (Graafschap Dalhem), once an independent principality, but after 1239 a county under the Duchy of Brabant.
The village was largely destroyed in 1914 during the German invasion of World War I. When it was rebuilt after the war, the streets were widened and the plaza enlarged.
Until World War II the village was mainly agricultural, but since then it has become increasingly urban.

</doc>
<doc id="36563843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563843" title="Rd Mochtar">
Rd Mochtar

Hajji Raden Mochtar (born 1918), often credited as Rd Mochtar, was an Indonesian actor. Of noble descent, Mochtar was discovered by Albert Balink and first cast in the commercial failure "Pareh" (1936). Rising to popularity after the release of "Terang Boelan" the following year, he spent nearly sixty years in film, while also becoming a businessman and farmer.
Childhood and early career.
Mochtar was born in Cianjur, West Java, in 1918. He was a Javanese of "priyayi" (noble) descent. He did his elementary school studies at a Taman Siswa school in Bandung.
In 1935 Mochtar was cast in the leading role of Mahmud in Albert Balink's film "Pareh". Balink was out with coffee with Joshua and Othniel Wong and saw Mochtar, whom he considered tall, strong, and handsome, driving by. Balink and the Wongs chased Mochtar in their car and caught him. For the film Mochtar was told to use the title "Raden", which he and his family had already abandoned. According to the Indonesian anthropologist Albertus Budi Susanto, the emphasis on Mochtar's title was meant as a way to draw a higher-class audience. The film, which cost 75,000 gulden to produce, was a commercial failure. However, it was financially beneficial for Mochtar, who was paid a monthly retainer of 250 gulden.
Balink recalled Mochtar for his next film, "Terang Boelan" ("Full Moon"), in 1937. Although the role called for Mochtar to sing he was unable to do so. As such, the composer Ismail Marzuki was called to provide Mochtar's singing voice. The film was a commercial success, garnering over 200,000 Singapore dollars during its international release. This led to Mochtar becoming a bankable star and often playing alongside Roekiah. The film also played a role in the establishment of a star system in the country's cinema. Soon after the release of "Terang Boelan" Mochtar married the actress Soekarsih, whom he had met on the set of "Pareh".
After the success of "Terang Boelan" and Balink's emigration to the United States, most of the cast – including Mochtar – were signed with Tan's Film. Mochtar's first film with the company, "Fatima" (1938), was a commercial success, earning 200,000 gulden on a 7,000 gulden budget. After making several further films, by 1940 Mochtar had left Tan's over a wage dispute. He made a further three films with Yo Kim Tjan's Populair Films before transferring to Action Film.
Later career.
During the Japanese occupation (1942–1945) and ensuing four-year revolution, Mochtar acted in several theatrical groups, including Terang Boelan, Bintang Soerabaja, and Pantai Warna. As the Indonesian film industry gained steam during the 1950s, Mochtar continued acting. Aside from Indonesian films, he also had a role in "Rodriguo de Villa", by the Philippine company LVN Pictures.
In the late 1950s the local film industry ebbed and Mochtar became a businessman, then later a farmer. In the mid-1960s he went on the hajj to Mecca, and in the 1970s he began acting again. During this period he received awards from both the West Javan and Jakartan governments for his acting. He continued to be active in film until 1991.
Filmography.
Mochtar appeared in 69 films spanning a period of almost sixty years, as follows:
References.
Footnotes
"'Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36563854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563854" title="316th Fighter Squadron">
316th Fighter Squadron

The 316th Fighter Squadron is an inactive United States Army Air Forces unit. It was last active with the 324th Fighter Group, being based at Camp Shanks, New York. It was inactivated on 7 Nov 1945.
History.
Activated in mid-1942 under I Fighter Command at Mitchel Field, New York. Trained at Byrd Field, Norfolk, Virginia, and assigned to the 324th Fighter Group. The first three and a half months were spent in training, and the men of the 316th did their utmost to absorb all the various techniques of aerial combat. The record shows that they learned their lessons well. 
On 9 October the long awaited overseas shipment orders arrived, and on the 27th the men boarded a train in Norfolk and arrived at Camp Kilmer, New Jersey, the next day. The air echelon had left earlier for Miami Army Airfield, Florida, and were later flown by easy stages along the South Atlantic Air Transport Route via the Caribbean and Brazil to the Squadron's destination - North Africa and the Ninth Air Force. 
On Halloween, 1942 the ground echelon boarded the USS West Point, formerly the luxury liner America, which left New York early on 1 November. The Squadron was berthed on the lowest deck, promptly tagged "Torpedo Junction" by some wag, and the men settled down to days of sickness and boredom. The monotony was somewhat relieved by the sight of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, but no one was allowed ashore. On 12 November the West Point left Rio for the long haul to India, arriving at Bombay on 2 December. The Squadron's equipment was unloaded, and the men were put on a train and sent to British Army rest camp at Deolali, India. They spent several days there stretching their "sea legs" in preparation for the next phase of the trip. The cleanliness and luxury of Deolali was a welcome respite from the crowded conditions common to troopships. On 13 December the 316th boarded HMS Denera, and three days later the men disembarked in Eygpt. By 23 December the Squadron was at RAF El Amiriya (Landing Ground LG-174), Eygpt, and a period of training under combat-wise supervisors followed, being detached to the Royal Air Force. 
Western Desert Campaign.
The great offensive to oust the Nazis from Africa had begun with the English assault on Rommel's Afrika Korps at El Alamein on 23 October. The 316th was assigned to help the British advance, but it was not until 15 March that its pilots were deemed ready for combat. The day before the Squadron went into action it was transferred to Causeway Landing Ground, Tunisia, and attached to the 79th Fighter Group, and they flew several missions under their careful tutelage before being allowed to operate as an independent organization. 
The British Eighth Army began its final assault on the vaulted German Mareth Line (on the border of Tunisia and Tripoli) on 20 March, and six days later the 316th received its baptism of fire while supporting the offensive. The Squadron's P-40's roared over an intersection near El Hamma, leaving six enemy vehicles burning on the road. Despite heavy ack-ack all aircraft returned safely with the exception of Major Frederick G. Delany's (the Squadron Commander). Because of leg wounds, he was forced to land at an English field near the front; and unfortunately, he never returned to the Squadron. The unit flew mainly ground-support missions during the remainder of the Tunisian campaign, but it also mounted armed reconnaissance, counter-air, bomber escort, and destroyer cover operations in that period. On 8 May the Squadron bagged its first kill in aerial combat. A flight was returning from a dive-bombing mission over the rapidly shrinking enemy bridge-head in Africa when the pilots saw three Me-109's dive from out of the sun on the Flight Leader, Captain Robert C. Dempsey. The Germans had the bad luck not to spot the rest of the flight, and when they turned to get Captain Dempsey they were pounced on by fourteen fighters. Two of the enemy planes turned tail and escaped, but one went down in flames. On 11 May the Tunisian campaign ended. 
Sicily Campaign.
On 2 June the Squadron was transferred to El Haouaria Airfield, Tunisia, in order to rejoin its parent, the 324th Fighter Group, and for several weeks everyone rested from the rigors of campaigning. The 316th resumed bombing escort operations during July. Preparations for Operation Husky, the invasion of Sicily were underway, and 10 July was designated D-Day. The Squadron was assigned the task of helping provide air cover for the invasion. 
On 9 July, when it was providing top cover for a group of A-20 Havoc light bombers, the formation was jumped by over fifty Me-109's. In a flash the sky was filled with dog fights. The 316th bore the brunt of the attack when its planes attempted to draw the enemy away from the bombers. The pilots put into play the P-40's two greatest assets, fire power and maneuverability, and dueled with the Germans for over ten minutes. The sky was filled with exploding planes, floating parachutes, fluttering shreds of wings and tails, streaks of oily smoke, and the criss-cross of tracers. The enemy could not stand such determined defense and turned for home. The trim P-40's streaked or limped, according to combat results, back to Tunisia, and the 316th found that it had destroyed eight German planes during the action. 
On invasion day the Squadron, along with the rest of the 324th Group, put the first American fighters over the beachhead, and the unit continued to provide air cover and close support until the Allied grip on the island was assured. Although its home base remained in Africa, the 316th flew many missions from a primitive airfield only recently captured from the enemy. Many night landings were made on ill-equipped and ill-lighted field, but there were no accidents involving the Squadron - a fine example of the proficiency of its pilots. At the end of the Scilian campaign the entire Group was transferred to the Twelfth Air Force, and the pilots received a brief respite from combat. The 316th was given the job of training newly arrived pilots in all the subtleties of combat. The men began to chaff under this mundane, unexciting duty, and they welcomed orders alerting the Squadron for transfer to Italy.
Italian Campaign.
On 27 October part of the unit left for Italy, but it was not until 7 November that it was fully operational at Cercola Airfield. By mid-November the skies brightened and the Squadron was able to press home its attacks. Its primary role became the close support of Fifth Army ground troops, and every expedient for improving operational efficiency was tried. On 10 May 1944the Squadron moved a few miles closer to Rome when it shifted operations to Pignataro. The final phase of the Rome-Arno campaign opened that month with the American Fifth and British Eighth Armies driving up both sides of the Italian "boot". The Germans had heavily fortified the little town of Castellonorato, but they could not stand the slashing tactics of the 324th Group - they surrendered without firing a shot. The Group received a Presidential Unit Citation for these raids.
On 7 June 1944, just after Rome had fallen, the Squadron moved to La Banca, near Anzio, where the brief stand was highlighted by night bombing by a lone German aircraft. On 19 July the Squadron was temporarily withdrawn from combat in order to switch from P-40's to P-47D Thunderbolts. The unit left Italy on 18 July, and by the 19th it was operating out of an airfield near Ghisonaccia, Corsica, flying armed reconnaissance sweeps over southern France; patrolling the coasts; and escorting medium bombers of the Twelfth Air Force.
Invasion of Southern France.
On 15 August the Invasion of Southern France was made the French Rivera, and the 316th mounted many missions against radar installations near the invasion beaches. On D-Day the Squadron helped maintain fighter cover over the invading troops, and several troublesome strong points were eliminated by the unit's planes. On 21 August a small party of the 316th went ashore in southern France after a three-day ride on an LST, and they immediately began preparing the captured field at Le Luc for the arrival of the Squadron's planes. After only two days at Le Luc the Squadron moved to Istres Le Tube, and on 5 September the ground echelon left for Amberieu by truck. On 17 September the unit moved to Tavaux. The Squadron found Tavaux comparatively luxurious, especially when the monotonous diet of C-rations ended as the supply columns finally caught up with the front.
The German counterattack in the Ardennes occurred in mid-December, and the Squadron moved northward to Luneville, France, on 2 January 1945 to help blunt the enemy thrust. On 5 January the Squadron was operating from the Luneville strip. Throughout January and February the 316th's fighters flew close support missions and launched interdiction attacks against the enemy in the Ardennes salient. Intense cold, frequent snow storms, and a lack of supplies severely hampered operations during that fateful winter, but the Squadron performed invaluable service in helping turn the German attack into a disastrous defeat. 
Western Allied Invasion of Germany.
On 15 March the Seventh Army began its final offensive, and the Squadron was up at the light of day to help support the attack. During the drive the 316th flew several missions a day in support of troops which were smashing their way through the Siegfried Line. On 14 April the Squadron played a great part in the destruction of an enemy convoy, containing an estimated 500 vehicles, that had become stalled about 15 miles northeast of Nurnberg. When the "Thunderbolts" finally departed they left a highway filled with destroyed transport and dead enemy troops. It was believed that the enemy convoy had been trying to escape an armored thrust further north of Nurnberg, but they only succeeded in being "blitzed" from the Air. 
On 3 May the flight echelon moved to Stuttgart/Echterdingen, Germany, in the wake of the spectacularly advancing Sixth Army Group, but the ground crews did not reach the new base until V-E Day, 8 May 1945. 
The Squadron became part of the United States Air Forces in Europe army of occupation. It returned to the United States and demobilized, fall 1945 and inactivated in November. 

</doc>
<doc id="36563863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563863" title="Reginald de Windt">
Reginald de Windt

Reginald de Windt (born 30 November 1983) is a judoka from Curaçao (still part of the Netherlands Antilles at his birth) who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics as one of four "Independent Olympic Athletes".
Biography.
De Windt grew up in Curaçao; his nickname "Juny" derives from "Junior", added to his name since his father's name is also Reginald. He got interested in judo through his uncle, Efigenio Braafhart, a judoka who became his coach. He got a technical degree and works as a computer programmer.
Since the Netherlands Antilles Olympic Committee, which had planned to continue functioning after the dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles, had its membership withdrawn by the IOC Executive Committee at the IOC session of June 2011, no Dutch Antillean athletes could officially represent their country. However, Dutch Antillean athletes who qualify for the 2012 Olympics are allowed to participate independently under the Olympic flag.
De Windt qualified at the 2012 Pan American Judo Championships in Montreal for the Men's under 81 kg event in Judo at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where he lost in the 1st Round to Ivan Nifontov of Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="36563883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563883" title="Apostolos Skondras">
Apostolos Skondras

Apostolos Skondras (, born 29 December 1988 in Athens) is a Greek footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for PAS Giannina in the Greek Superleague. He started his career from the youth academies of Atromitos and is the older brother of Ioannis Skondras, who he plays for PAOK. He has played in clubs of lower leagues such as Panargiakos, Diagoras and Thrasyvoulos where he had successful seasons. On 20 July 2012, he signed a 1 year contract with AEL 1964 FC.

</doc>
<doc id="36563886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563886" title="The Passing of Grandison">
The Passing of Grandison

"The Passing of Grandison" is a short story written by Charles W. Chesnutt and published in the collection "The Wife of His Youth and Other Stories of the Color-Line" (1899). The story takes place in the United States in the early 1850s, at the time of anti-slavery sentiment and the abolitionist movement in the northern states, and after the passage of the Fugitive Slave Law of 1850.
In Chesnutt's story, the aspect of racial passing is addressed on both a narrative and textual level in order to illustrate a "destabilization of constructs of race, identity, and finally of textuality itself".
Plot summary.
"The Passing of Grandison" starts with a conversation between Dick Owens and Charity Lomax. Charity tells Dick that if he did something she considered heroic, she could be convinced to fall in love with him and marry him. For this reason, Dick decides to help one of the slaves of his father's plantation to escape to the North. He chooses this particular way to impress Charity because she admires the courage of a man from Ohio, who tried to help another man's slave gain freedom but was unsuccessful and, as a consequence, was jailed. The man died of a disease shortly after being imprisoned.
To achieve freeing one of his father's slaves, Dick decides to go on a trip north and take his slave Tom along; he is convinced Tom will use any opportunity to escape and Dick will achieve his goal very easily. However, Colonel Owens, Dick's father, is opposed to his son's being accompanied by Tom as he is convinced that the slave will escape and constitute a property loss. Instead he suggests that Dick take Tom's brother, Grandison. He suggests that his son ask Grandison about his status as a slave to ensure that he is trustworthy and will not try to escape.
Dick takes Grandison with him to New York City and Boston, and then to the Niagara Falls, New York, where he even crosses to the Canadian side. (Great Britain had by then abolished slavery in Canada and other colonies in the Western Hemisphere.) Despite having numerous opportunities to escape, Grandison does not run away and refuses abolitionists' attempts to persuade him to flee into freedom. Dick decides to have Grandison kidnapped to get him out of view in order to appear to have helped the slave gain freedom when he reports back to Charity.
Four weeks after Dick Owens' return to his father's plantation in Kentucky and one week after his marriage to Charity Lomax, Grandison returned to the property. He was welcomed and celebrated as a loyal slave, as he confirmed Colonel Owens' positive understanding of slavery. The colonel gave Grandison a place as a house servant.
After about three weeks, Grandison and his family (his new wife, his parents and his three siblings) go missing. Colonel Owens' view on slavery is shaken when he discovers the slaves have escaped. He searches for the fugitives and last sees them on a small steamboat crossing Lake Erie toward Canada, where they will be free.
Analyses and interpretations.
Theme of passing on the narrative level.
On the narrative level (between the characters of the short story), the theme of passing destabilizes binary oppositions of "appearance" and "reality", "good" and "bad slave", as well "master" and "mastered".
Grandison's performance of being a loyal slave.
As the title announces, the theme of passing is a major issue in the short story, "The Passing of Grandison". The kind of passing addressed, however, is not racial passing (since the slave Grandison does not pass for white) or any other form of passing in the traditional sense. Rather, Grandison passes for a contented and devoted slave, who is therefore selected to accompany his master's son, Dick Owens, on a trip north. Grandison seems to have "adopted the racist discourse of the slave system", which Colonel Owens, in the story, describes as a "blissful relationship of kindly protection on the one hand, of wise subordination and loyal dependence on the other". Grandison's "performance," or masking, convinces the colonel, that "Grandison typified the best qualities possessed by his bondsmen: humility, loyalty, and servility".
In "The Mask as Theme and Structure: Charles W. Chesnutt's 'The Sheriff's Children' and 'The Passing of Grandison, P. Jay Delmar lists four events in the story that highlight Grandison's successful masking: his dialogue with Colonel Owens, who interviews Grandison to see whether he was "abolitionist-proof" and suitable to accompany Dick on his journey. Grandison replied affirmatively to the colonel's question as to whether he believed himself to lead a better life than "free negroes", and confirmed the colonel's positive view of slavery.
Second, Grandison resisted Northern abolitionists' attempts to convince him to leave Owens. Grandison's repeated "pass on freedom" confirms and reinforces Dick's conviction that Grandison was a loyal slave. When Dick returned after a short trip to find that Grandison had not touched the money he had left him, Owens thought this meant thatGrandison "... sensibly recognized his true place in the economy of civilization, and kept it with such touching fidelity". Grandison performed his role of being the loyal slave and appeared to have internalized his status as a slave.
Third, in response to Dick's decision on a trip across the Niagara River to Canada, Grandison appears to be afraid to lose sight of his master and worries that he "won' hab no marster, an' won't nebber be able to git back home no mo. Grandison remains by his master's side or waits for him on Dick's instruction. Dick decides to have Grandison kidnapped in order to appear to have helped him achieve freedom, and returns alone to his plantation in Kentucky. Grandison again proves his loyalty by returning to his master's plantation.
Grandison's manner of speech is another way he encourages the trust of his masters. His use of dialect "marks his social and economic status" and "is mistaken for ignorance" by the white men.
Grandison's masking as Sambo.
According to Joel Taxel, Grandison's performance in certain aspects conforms to historian Stanley Elkins' definition of the characteristics of the stereotypical plantation slave, the Sambo model, in "Slavery: A Problem in American Institutional and Intellectual Life":
... docile but irresponsible, loyal but lazy, humble but chronically given to lying and stealing; his behavior full of infantile silliness and his talk inflated with childish exaggeration. His relationship with his master was one of utter dependence and childlike attachment: it was indeed this childlike quality that was the very key to his being.
The Sambo character was not a result of "internally controlled accommodation", but was a vital and reasonable adjustment to the hardships suffered, as well as an adjustment to the "dependency of a closed system". Taxel suggested that the Sambo character was an "externally imposed adjustment" by enslaved persons. In Taxel's opinion, the short story's focus on Grandison's performance of loyalty and childlike behavior reflected two elements characteristic of the Sambo type.
Grandison performs according to the Sambo-mask and thus the "false mask of Blackness", a mask responding to his master's expectations, with the goal of surviving and eventually escaping slavery. By his performance, Grandison first gains the trust of the Colonel and his son, and, secondly, confirms his master's opinion of his slave's having adopted the qualities most valued: "humility, loyalty, and servility".
Grandison's escape.
Grandison conforms to expectations up until escaping with his family. According to Martha J. Cutter, this can be seen as the "passing away", or dying, of his performing "the persona of the passive, stupid, Sambo-like slave". Grandison does not escape on the Ownens' son's journey and returns to the plantation to be reunited with his family. Wearing the mask of the Sambo character and thereby passing for "a contended, ignorant, childlike, happy slave who appears to believe the distorted visions of the world put forward by his white master" allows him to gain his master's trust and, through repeatedly proving his loyalty, he achieves his own and his family's freedom. Grandison's successful passing is the result both of his own efforts and of the shared belief by the Colonel and Dick Owens that "slavery is a sophisticated form of chivalry"; these elements help Grandison deceive them.
Kim Kirkpatrick suggests another reason for Grandison to adopt the Sambo-like character: Colonel Owens promises that he can marry Betty, the enslaved maid, after he returns if he has pleased the son. The promise of marriage to the woman he loves is used to reward Grandison, while the Colonel subtly uses Betty as a kind of hostage.
Grandison as a trickster.
Grandison's deception of the colonel and Dick Owens by masking and performing the stereotypical Sambo can be compared to the trickster figure in African-American literature, African stories, and stories of the African diaspora.
The end of the short story shows that Grandison has been masking in order to gain freedom not only for himself but also for his family. He is "a trickster-like, multi-faceted individual emerges from behind the mask of the Sambo doll". Viktor Osinubi further explains that
the parallels between the adventures of a trickster figure and Grandison's tortuous scheme for freedom highlight the connection between Grandison's constructed presence in front of his powerful adversaries (his slave masters) and the African metaphysics of presence, in which veiling one's presence is an essential strategy for continued existence or the pursuit of freedom.
Grandison uses the colonel's belief that he has a secure knowledge of the behavior and culture of slaves by reconfirming it through "otal subordination, veiled presence, and masked speech". He creates opportunities for subterfuge, and proves his loyalty by returning to the plantation. These reinforce the colonel's positive view of slavery and sense of Grandison's gratitude. Through "the reversal of polarities, particularly of the master-servant relationship, of truth and falseness, of knowledge and ignorance, and of autonomy and control," Grandison achieves freedom.
When the colonel realizes he has been tricked and that Grandison's behavior had been a performance, his view of slavery is shaken and his concepts of racial identity destabilized. To escape slavery, Grandison needed to act both as "a cunning resister of slavery" and as a Sambo at the same time.
Autonomy and freedom.
As a slave, Grandison has constraints on his self-determination and freedom of action. But he enacts agency when he rejects Owens' attempt to help him acquire freedom, and later achieves freedom through his own actions and choices. In "The Passing of Grandison," the hierarchy between autonomy and control in the sense of lack of freedom is destabilized. Grandison chooses the means and time of his escape. As Grandison achieves freedom through his own actions, "his lack of autonomy does not disempower him". As a result, the attributes of the master and the slave classes are reversed:
In the new relationship that Chesnutt sets up, the bourgeois class of slave masters loses the attributes of knowledge and sophistication to the slave class, while the slave class liberates itself from the attributes of ignorance and naivety, effectively demonstrating that ignorance and naivety belong equally to the slave masters.
Colonel Owens's "reading" of Grandison.
Colonel Owens is convinced he is able to "read" his slaves' minds and behavior, meaning to understand them and their views of slavery and their master. But, the ending reveals that the Colonel is "completely in the dark about what Grandison and the other slaves are really thinking, feeling, and doing". Grandison's performance deceives the colonel and enables the slave to escape with his family. As a result, the colonel's view on slavery is shaken, if not completely destroyed. His inability to understand and define his slaves in binary categories is revealed. Colonel Owens is deceived "by Grandison's mask of 'samboism. After Grandison's "passon to freedom" with his family, the colonel and his son are "silenced," as they are not allowed "any further speech in the story". In the last part of the text, Colonel Owens ""reacts" to his former slave rather than "leading" him" [emphasis in original.
Theme of passing on the textual level.
On the textual level (between the text and the reader), passing also appears. The text passes for something that it is not, and thereby destabilizes the reader's "reading" of race, as well as changes the reader's approach to texts addressing racial issues. Along with the theme of passing on the narrative level, Chesnutt's short story "enact a profound destabilization of constructs of race, identity, and finally of textuality itself". The text's passing for something it is not can be divided into four parts, according to the four parts of the short story.
The first part of the text passes for a "romance." The story's first sentence, "when it is said that it was done to please a woman, there ought perhaps to be enough said to explain anything; for what a man will not do to please a woman has yet to be discovered" suggests the text is about the relationship of a man and a woman, likely Dick Owens and Charity Lomax, since the story continues with a conversation between the two. It distracts the reader's focus on Grandison as the central character and the narrative of his escape. In addition, the text's narrative perspective diverts the reader from associating the text's story as one that criticizes slavery. Therefore, the voice of narration and viewpoint conceal the short story's focus.
The second and third sections pass as a "plantation tradition narrative". Martha J. Cutter argues, in reference to other critics, that "The Passing of Grandison" imitates and ridicules the tradition of the post-Civil War southern plantation school of writing that portrayed slavery as a benevolent' patriarchal institution". She explains that the short story refers to this school of writing by its portrayal of Grandison as a happy and contented slave. Grandison speaks in a dialect associated with slaves and serves his master loyally on his journey into the north of the United States and to Canada, not responding to Owens' efforts to encourage the slave to escape.
The fourth part passes for an inverted slave narrative. Grandison, having been kidnapped, returns to his master's plantation and is "keeping his back steadily to the North Star". In slave narratives, the fugitives follow the North Star in pursuit of freedom and are welcomed by abolitionists when they reach the northern states. Reversing the narrative, Grandison refuses abolitionists' offers of help, travels southward, and rejoins his slave master. The colonel rewards Grandison's loyalty by giving him a position with the house servants, and letting him tell his story of return to slavery. In this way, "freedom and happiness are associated with the South, not the North".
However, the last section of the final part reveals Grandison's true goal: the escape from slavery together with his new wife and family. The end reveals "Chesnutt's story for what it is: a story about an intelligent enslaved individual who desires and attains liberty not just for himself, but for the family he loves".
Destabilization of categorical thinking.
Chesnutt's story addresses racism and the limitation of defining individuals according to fixed categories. Through an "openness and instability of the system of signs," the short story suggests a destabilization of such categories that are used to define characterization according to race and racialization of an individual. "The Passing of Grandison" highlights that "binary categories and stereotypical ideologies ... limit our ability to see the complexity of any given racial or textual situation". Martha J. Cutter suggests that one possible goal of Chesnutt in this story is to raise the reader's awareness "not just of the complexity of race itself, but of the ideologies that create racist ways of thinking".
Chesnutt's story criticizes the institution of slavery.
References to other people.
In this story, Chesnutt alludes to other texts and people connected to African-American history. He uses forms of African oral traditions of storytelling, such as "spoken language", "hyperbole", and "signifying".
Grandison calls the colonel the "best marster any nigger ever had in dis worl; Cutter notes that this is similar to abolitionist Frederick Douglass's comment in his memoir, "Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, an American Slave" (1845), in which he describes William Freeland as "the best master ever had, till [he became own master". As the biography "Frederick Douglass" (1899) was published in the same year as "The Wife of his Youth", Chesnutt very likely chose Grandison's words deliberately to allude to the full text of Douglass' phrase.
Cutter draws a connection between the choice of name for the enslaved hero of this story, as Charles Grandison Finney was a well-known Christian evangelist and abolitionist of the Antebellum period. Finney, an influential minister of the Jacksonian Era, is associated with a call for autonomy, equality and self-determination.

</doc>
<doc id="36563888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563888" title="Trenton Dam">
Trenton Dam

Trenton Dam is a dam on the Republican River in Nebraska, standing in Hitchcock County in the southwestern part of the state. The facility stands about 2 and a half miles west of Trenton, Nebraska. 
The dam is a project of the United States Bureau of Reclamation and was built between 1949 and 1953 for irrigation water storage and flood control. At 144 feet high, the dam's length is 8600 feet at its crest. 
Lake Swanson is the reservoir formed by the dam, with a capacity of 246,291 acre-feet. It's popular for recreational fishing, boating, camping, hunting and hiking, with 4974 acres of water surface, 5253 land acres, and about 30 miles of shoreline. 

</doc>
<doc id="36563894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563894" title="Hamza Driouch">
Hamza Driouch

Hamza Driouch (; born 16 November 1994 in Morocco) is a Qatari track and field athlete.
The Qatari mid-distance runner is a promising athlete with a good record in athletics competitions. He proved his talent through a series of good results. He won a silver medal in the inaugural Youth Olympic Games 2010 in Singapore and took gold in the 1,500m at the 2012 IAAF World Junior Championships in Athletics in Barcelona.
Hamza Driouch is a Moroccan citizen, he moved to Qatar in 2010 with his brother, who was then looking for a job in the Gulf State. His father being deceased, his elder brother Ibrahim was looking after him. Hamza Driouch subsequently obtained Qatari nationality, Although the fact that the Qatari nationality must be obtained after 20 years of residence in Qatar but it was not the case with Driouch. Additionally, Hamza was granted the Qatari nationality before reaching age of 18. This was a case of discrimination against expatriates who resided for more than two decades in Qatar, asked for naturalization and/or permanent residency but the Qatari government did not approve those requests without giving any legal reasons. 
Hamza Driouch made his Olympic debut for Qatar at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. He qualified for London with an ‘A’ standard time of 3:34.50 in the Men's 1500m.

</doc>
<doc id="36563897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563897" title="List of autobiographies by Presidents of the United States">
List of autobiographies by Presidents of the United States

Many United States Presidents have written autobiographies about their Presidencies and/or (some periods of) their life before their Presidencies. Some 19th century United States Presidents who wrote autobiographies are James Buchanan and Ulysses S. Grant, though Grant's autobiography is about his time as General during the U.S. Civil War and not about his Presidency. Out of the former U.S. Presidents since 1923, only George H. W. Bush has not written an autobiography. Some of the more recent U.S. Presidential autobiographies, such as Bill Clinton's, George W. Bush's, and Barack Obama's (written and published before he was elected president) sold well enough to earn them millions of dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="36563900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563900" title="Bellevue Park">
Bellevue Park

Bellevue Park may refer to any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="36563907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563907" title="Shaida Copper Mine">
Shaida Copper Mine

From 1971 to 1972, Soviet exploration work was carried out on the extent of the mine. Additional work was carried out by USGS in 2005 including airborne surveys, hyperspectral surveys and analysis, and the compilation of prior data into a GIS database. The USGS reports that in the larger USGS defined Dusar-Shaida Area of Interest, there has been some mining. However, there is no known historic production from the Shaida licence area.
Geology.
Shaida’s mineralisation has been described as a porphyry copper deposit. During the exploration continuous drilled intervals of mineralisation were identified, with copper grades between 0.10 to 0.80%, with drilled intervals ranging from 0.80 to 17.95m. 
Cross sections of drilling at the Shaida prospect show layered quartz plagioclase porphyry, quartz keratophyre and aleuropelites (siltstone or mudstone) interbedded with volcanic layers.
Geography.
The Shaida Copper Mine is situated in the western region of Afghanistan in the Adraskan District of the Herat province, 65 km South-West of the city of Herat and 50 km SSW of Gozareh. It is anticipated that Gozareh will act as the logistics city for Herat Province. Herat Airport (which became an international airport in 2012) is close to Gozareh and there is also a railroad terminus station planned at Gozareh as part of the Afghanistan Railway Development Scheme.
Ownership.
The deadline for submission of bids for the Shaida mineral tender was 6 August 2012. The Ministry of Mines of Afghanistan announced that on 26 November 2012, preferred bidder were selected to undertake the exploration and subsequent exploitation of Shaida Copper Mine. The selection of the preferred bidder for the mine follows an extensive process since launch in December 2011, which has been supported by transaction advisers and transparency advisers to the Ministry. The tender process for the Project is expected to culminate in the granting of an exploration license and, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, will lead to the granting of the requisite exploitation license.
Afghan Minerals Group (AMG) was chosen as the preferred bidder whilst Silk Road Mining & Development was chosen as the reserve bidder. AMG has four shareholders:
AMG's technical team includes Ken Haddow and David Cliff, both ex-Rio Tinto executives, and AMG have contracted Kazakhstan Minerals Company (KMC) to design and undertake their exploration and development programmes. KMC is an exploration contractor with operations throughout Russia and CIS states. KMC holds a strategic partnership with Iskander and together have a large number of drill rigs at their disposal.
A consortium of six Indian companies, which includes four state-run companies (Hindustan Copper, Steel Authority of India Ltd, National Aluminium Co. and Mineral Exploration Corp) and two from private sector( Monnet Ispat & Energy Ltd and Jindal Steel & Power Ltd), had bid for the Shaida project. SAIL led the consortium with 26 per cent stake followed by Hindustan Copper. This bid comes in after three of the four blocks of mining rights of Hajigak iron deposits, were awarded to AFISCO (Afghan Iron and Steel Consortium), a consortium led by the Steel Authority of India (SAIL) in November 2011. The Indian preference for the Shaida project appears to be due to its location and planned connectivity. The Indian consortium was looking at this rail link to move the mined copper ore to the Iranian port of Chabahar; bypassing its reliance on Pakistan. On 26 August 2012, Deputy Foreign Ministers of India, Afghanistan and Iran met ahead of NAM Summit in Tehran to discuss the utilization of Iran’s Chabahar port by the Indian consortium bidding for Shaida Copper mine. The under-construction rail link to Herat would pass some 12 kilometers from the Shaida copper mine.

</doc>
<doc id="36563911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563911" title="Kolmogorov automorphism">
Kolmogorov automorphism

In mathematics, a Kolmogorov automorphism, "K"-automorphism, "K"-shift or "K"-system is an invertible, measure-preserving automorphism defined on a standard probability space that obeys Kolmogorov's zero-one law. All Bernoulli automorphisms are "K"-automorphisms (one says they have the "K"-property), but not vice versa. Many ergodic dynamical systems have been shown to have the "K"-property, although more recent research has shown that many of these are in fact Bernoulli automorphisms.
Although the definition of the "K"-property seems reasonably general, it stands in sharp distinction to the Bernoulli automorphism. In particular, the Ornstein isomorphism theorem does not apply to "K"-systems, and so the entropy is not sufficient to classify such systems – there exist uncountably many non-isomorphic "K"-systems with the same entropy. In essence, the collection of "K"-systems is large, messy and uncategorized; whereas the "B"-automorphisms are 'completely' described by Ornstein theory.
Formal definition.
Let formula_1 be a standard probability space, and let formula_2 be an invertible, measure-preserving transformation. Then formula_2 is called a "K"-automorphism, "K"-transform or "K"-shift, if there exists a sub-sigma algebra formula_4 such that the following three properties hold:
Here, the symbol formula_8 is the join of sigma algebras, while formula_9 is set intersection. The equality should be understood as holding almost everywhere, that is, differing at most on a set of measure zero. 
Properties.
Assuming that the sigma algebra is not trivial, that is, if formula_10, then formula_11 It follows that "K"-automorphisms are strong mixing.
All Bernoulli automorphisms are "K"-automorphisms, but not "vice-versa". 

</doc>
<doc id="36563916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563916" title="Jon Neuhouser">
Jon Neuhouser

Jon Neuhouser is an American basketball player. A forward, Neuhouser was named Midwestern Collegiate Conference Player of the Year in 1997. Neuhouser joined the Butler Bulldogs beginning the 1995–96 season after graduating from and playing basketball for Leo Junior/Senior High School in Leo-Cedarville, Indiana. 
Butler Bulldogs.
Neuhouser helped lead Butler to back-to-back NCAA Tournament appearances in his final two seasons. Aside from being the conference player of the year in 1997, Neuhouser was twice named first team all-league, was named Butler’s Most Valuable Player in 1996-97, and was selected as the MCC Tournament Most Valuable Player in 1998. 
Neuhouser led the Bulldogs in scoring for three straight seasons, 1996–1998, and is the only player in Butler men’s basketball history to lead the team in rebounding for four consecutive seasons. He finished his career with 1,485 points, which ranks 10th on Butler’s all-time scoring list, and 719 rebounds, which ranks sixth on the school’s all-time rebounding chart. He was named to Butler's Hall of Fame in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36563938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563938" title="Dwomoh">
Dwomoh

Dwomoh is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36563953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563953" title="Paul Waldau">
Paul Waldau

Paul Francis Waldau is a professor at Canisius College in Buffalo, New York, where he heads the graduate program on anthrozoology. He has several times served as Barker Lecturer in animal law at Harvard Law School, and is the author of a number of books on animal rights and speciesism.
Waldau has also served as the legal director of the Great Ape Project, which campaigns for rights for chimpanzees, bonobos, gorillas, and orangutans.

</doc>
<doc id="36563959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563959" title="23 Arietis">
23 Arietis

23 Arietis (23 Ari) is a star in the constellation Aries. Its apparent magnitude is 6.83.

</doc>
<doc id="36563963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563963" title="Inlauf">
Inlauf

Inlauf (; in older sources also "Innlauf", , Gottscheerisch: "Inlaf, Enlaf") is a remote settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Borovec pri Kočevski Reki.
Name.
The Slovene name of the settlement is derived from the identical standard German name, "Inlauf". It was also called "Inlaf" or "Enlaf" in Gottscheerish. The name is derived from "Einlauf" 'inlet, entry'. German place names suffixed with "-lauf", such as "Inlauf", are frequently associated with flowing water, and Briga Creek (), a losing stream, has its origin at Inlauf. In 1943 the name "Innlauf", based on the Gottschee German village, was proposed as a new Germanized name for Površje, which had been designated for German resettlement.
History.
In the land registry of 1574, Inlauf had four full farms, two of which were divided into four half-farms, corresponding to a population between 35 and 40. Before the Second World War, Inlauf had 15 houses and a population of 63. The economy of the village was based on farming, gathering berries, and transporting lumber and logs. After the war, a Yugoslav labor camp for political prisoners operated in the village from 1952 to 1955.
Chapel.
There used to be a chapel dedicated to Saints Cosmas and Damian at the southeastern end of Inlauf. It had a rectangular nave, a belfry projecting from the front of the building, and an octagonal chancel that was walled on five sides. It dated from the second half of the 18th century and was first mentioned in a military report from 1763–1787; the belfry bore the year 1808 and one of the bells was dated 1799. The chapel had one altar. A postwar Yugoslav labor camp was located next to the chapel and used the belfry as a watchtower. When the camp was closed down, the chapel and belfry were also destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="36563965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563965" title="Balkhab Copper Mine">
Balkhab Copper Mine

The Balkhab Copper Mine is located in the Sar-e-Pul and Balkh Provinces in north central Afghanistan, approximately 130 km south-west of Mazar-i-Sharif, the capital of Balkh province. There is evidence of mineral extraction activities at Balkhab going back almost 3,000 years, likely to have been continuous mining of copper via surface and underground workings. 
The copper mine is of Volcanogenic massive sulfide ore deposit (VMS), modern exploration was conducted during 1966-1972, consisting of mapping, trench and surface grab sampling and analysis. Recent work on the Balkhab copper prospect was initiated by the Afghan Geological Survey, at the request of villagers in the region. A reconnaissance sampling mission was carried out in 2008 by the Ministry of Mines. The Balkhab copper deposit could be as high as 150 million tonnes. 
Road access to the site is from Mazar-i-Sharif, and the area has the potential to benefit from the proposed rail link connecting Afghanistan to Pakistan. The Chaman-Kandahar-Logar province line is proposed to pass just east of the project area with a station planned at near-by town Ghazni. The closest power source identified is at Mazar-i-Sharif which is connected to the North East Power System main isolated grid. The main water source for the project is the significant stream, Rode Balkhab, which splits the licence area. 
The Government of Afghanistan, through the Ministry of Mines, announced the opening of tender processes for the exploration and subsequent 
exploitation of the mine on 6 December 2011. The tender process for the Project is expected to culminate in the granting of a mining agreement with associated exploration licence(s) and, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, will lead to the granting of the requisite exploitation licence(s). Canaccord Genuity, SRK Consulting and Mayer Brown are acting as transaction advisers to the 
Ministry in relation to the tenders for the Projects. The deadline for submission of bids for the Balkhab mineral tender was 23 July 2012.
To ensure transparency and fair and open competition, bids for the mine were opened publicly by junior ministerial officers with bid-company representatives in attendance. The council’s evaluation of bids for Balkhab, were observed by transaction advisors and third party transparency advisers. On 26 November 2012, preferred bidders were selected to undertake the exploration and subsequent exploitation of the current mineral tenders. The selection of the preferred bidder for Balkhab follows an extensive process since launch in December 2011, An announcement of the winner for the mine was announce on 31 December 2012 with Preferred bidders and reserve bidders were selected for the mineral tender. The preferred bidder for the mine was Afghan Gold and Minerals Company (AGMC)and the reserve bidder was Silk Road Mining. The company hopes to have a pilot plant operational by the end of 2014 or 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="36563969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563969" title="50 Arietis">
50 Arietis

50 Arietis (50 Ari) is a star in the constellation Aries. Its apparent magnitude is 6.80.

</doc>
<doc id="36563984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563984" title="Milla, Illinois">
Milla, Illinois

Milla is an unincorporated community in Richland Township, LaSalle County, Illinois, United States. Milla is located along the Norfolk Southern Railway east of Lostant.

</doc>
<doc id="36563993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563993" title="Mathews Mar Barnabas">
Mathews Mar Barnabas

Mathews Mar Barnabas (9 August 1924–9 December 2012) was a Metropolitan of the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church.
Early life.
Mathews Mar Barnabas was born as one of a set of twins to Kuruvilla and Mariamma, a couple of the Kidangethu Thompra family in Kallarackaparampil house at Valayanchirangara. In his childhood he was called Mathukutty. At the age of seven, Mathukutty determined to become a monk and started to practice with vegetarian food. Mathukutty and his twin brother used to stay in the Gathsemon Dayara monastery at Piramadam, near Muvattupuzha during their vacation and experienced the monastic life under the guidance of their uncle Fr K.P. Paulose.
Mathukutty's grandfather and uncle were Orthodox priests.
Education.
He studied Biology at Madras Christian College and while he served the parish in Secunderabad he did his masters in Botany in Osmania University. He began theological studies under the guidance of his uncle Fr K. P. Paulose. In 1949 he joined the Orthodox Theological Seminary as a special student and studied Syriac for two years. While he was the vicar of the Calcutta parish, he studied in the Bishop's College, Calcutta and earned his B. D. degree from the Serampore University, as an external student.
Career.
Catholicos Baselios Geevarghese II ordained him as a deacon in 1943, at his home parish, St Peter and St Paul Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church, Valayanchirangara, Kerala, India. In 1951 Metropolitan Augen Mar Thimotheos ordained him to the priesthood.
As a deacon, he was a teacher at Kurppumpady M.G. M. High School in 1947. He taught there for two years and continued to teach for another two years at the MD Seminary High School, Kottayam, until he was ordained to priesthood. He also was a lecturer in the Orthodox Theological Seminary at Kottayam from 1967 to 1972. During this period he was the resident faculty member at the seminary and full-time warden. He also served as chaplain in the Kolenchery Medical Mission Hospital from 1972-1978.
Ordination as Metropolitan.
Malankara Association held in 1977 elected Fr K. K. Mathews as a metropolitan of the church. On May 15, 1978, Baselios Mar Thoma Mathews I consecrated him as bishop at Pazhanji Church, with the ecclesiastical title Mathews Mar Barnabas and appointed as assistant bishop of the Ankamali and Kottayam Dioceses. In 1982 he was appointed as the metropolitan of the newly formed Idikki Diocese. In 1992/93, Mathews Mar Barnabas was appointed as the diocesan metropolitan of the undivided American Diocese.
Retirement.
On January 18, 2011, the Catholicos of The East and Malankara Metropolitan, Baselius Mar Thoma Paulose II, accepted Mathews Mar Barnabas' request to be relieved from administrative responsibilities as diocesan metropolitan of the Northeast American Diocese. Mathews Mar Barnabas left the United States on May 25, 2011.
Death.
Mathews Mar Barnabas was admitted to Pushpagiri Hospital, Thiruvilla (Kerala) for a pain-related issue. He died at around 3:15 AM (Indian Standard Time) on 9 December 2012, and was buried at St Peter's and St Paul's Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church, Valayanchirangara, Perumbavoor, Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="36563997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563997" title="28 Aurigae">
28 Aurigae

28 Aurigae (28 Aur) is a star in the constellation Auriga. Its apparent magnitude is 6.80.

</doc>
<doc id="36563998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36563998" title="Death in June discography">
Death in June discography

Death in June have an extensive discography, including compilations of older material mixed with (then) newer, singles, limited editions and multiple versions of a single releases.

</doc>
<doc id="36564029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564029" title="Draga, Kočevje">
Draga, Kočevje

Draga (; ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Borovec pri Kočevski Reki.

</doc>
<doc id="36564033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564033" title="1 Serpentis">
1 Serpentis

1 Serpentis (1 Ser) is a star in the constellation Virgo. Its apparent magnitude is 5.52.

</doc>
<doc id="36564039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564039" title="One A.M.">
One A.M.

One A.M. may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36564060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564060" title="Danway, Illinois">
Danway, Illinois

Danway is an unincorporated community in Miller Township, LaSalle County, Illinois, United States. Danway is northeast of Ottawa.

</doc>
<doc id="36564077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564077" title="Carlos Fernández (footballer)">
Carlos Fernández (footballer)

Carlos Osvaldo Fernández Maldonando (born 1 November 1984) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Universidad San Martín in the Torneo Descentralizado.
Club career.
Carlos Fernández started his senior career with Alianza Lima, making his Torneo Descentralizado debut in 2002 season with them.
In January 2006 Fernández joined Cienciano. In his first season with Cienciano he made 39 appearances with 2 goals, and in his last he only managed to play in 7 matches in the 2007 Descentralizado season.
Then In January 2009 he signed for Universidad San Martín.

</doc>
<doc id="36564078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564078" title="Yun Gi-hae">
Yun Gi-hae

Yun Gi-Hae (; born 9 February 1991) is a South Korean footballer who plays as goalkeeper for Gwangju FC in the K-League.

</doc>
<doc id="36564093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564093" title="Parnasala (disambiguation)">
Parnasala (disambiguation)

Parnasala may be

</doc>
<doc id="36564097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564097" title="Pleš, Kočevje">
Pleš, Kočevje

Pleš (; ) is a remote settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Borovec pri Kočevski Reki.
History.
Pleš was listed in the land registry of 1498 as having a full farm; in the land registry of 1574 the farm had been divided into two halves. Pleš gradually grew into a settlement with six houses. In 1971 Pleš had only one house, located about 100 m west of the road to Kočevska Reka.

</doc>
<doc id="36564112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564112" title="Stavanger, Illinois">
Stavanger, Illinois

Stavanger is an unincorporated community in Miller Township, LaSalle County, Illinois, United States. Stavanger is located along County Route 25 north of Seneca.

</doc>
<doc id="36564133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564133" title="James Mathe">
James Mathe

James Mathe, (born 1966 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin as James Dicke) is an entrepreneur, computer programmer, and game designer. He attended University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee in 1984.
Online History.
Been online most of his life starting in the early 80's with an AppleCat Modem on an Apple //e. From programming an graphic Adventure style game on the Apple ][, to developing custom drivers in Assembly for a BBS with text graphic city map (City of Aldimar) where you could wander and sewers to attack monsters on my Apple //e computer in the late 80s.
During the BBS chat board era he developed an AI for intelligent NPCs in a completely original text based MUD (called Prophecy) written from scratch in Unix and using Oracle database in the 90s.
Owns the RPGHost Network of sites (created in 1999) which includes some great sites like RPG Gateway, RPGLife.com, RPGSheets,com, RPGNews.com, RPGStrategy.com and more...
He was the operator and code maintainer of WebRPG.com, one of the first online virtual table gaming software programs (written in Java). In 2001 and 2002 He hosted totally online gaming conventions at CyberCon with our own custom scheduling software and use of many virtual table tops. With hosts as grand as Gary Gygax, Tracy Hickman, Sean Reynolds, Steve Jackson and more. He created RPGRegistry.com to help players find players as well as a new site called PlayTesters.Net to help designers find play testers.
Programmer.
He is a programmer (C, PHP, and Unix), designer, analyst, database admin (Oracle, Mysql, etc.) and more ... Wanting to make a living doing things a bit more interesting than consulting or cubical work he went back to his gaming roots. This page is about that part of his life.
Entrepreneur.
Currently the owner and president of Minion Development Corporation, parent company of: Minion Games, Game Universe hobby stores, RPGShop.com online store, founder of RPGNow.com and co-owner of OneBookShelf, Inc (War Game Vault, DriveThru Comics, etc.).
Started one of the World's first LAN Gaming Centers in early 1994 (called the Virtual Gaming Center - first ever license for playing network Shareware Doom). He has always enjoyed the process of creating things original and released several popular deathmatch levels: DMCath24, Tourney3.wad, Tourney2.wad, and a DOOM DEATHMATCH WAD RANKING List.
In 2001, Mathe used his existing RPGHost network to seed RPGnow, creating the first large-scale online shopping service for RPG PDFs. RPGNow.com pioneered the paper and pen RPG download industry. Nominated in 2003 by Indie RPG Awards as Indie RPG "Human of the Year". In 2004 RPGNow expanded to provide Print on Demand services. In 2006 he merged with their first serious competitor DriveThruRPG - now we are the largest reseller of the most role-playing games in the world (in print and out of print). In 2011 DriveThurRPG introduced print on demand services and are now the exclusive site to purchase out of print books for many large publishers such as White Wolf.
In 2002 he started RPGShop.com for online sales. It grew enough that in late in 2003 He opened our first brick and mortar game store: Game Universe in the Greenfield, Wisconsin. A large store of board games, role-playing games, dice, CCGs, and miniatures. In 2009 we opened our second store location in Brookfield, Wisconsin! In 2012 a third store was opening in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin All stores are still open today.
Publisher.
In 2009 he started a board game publishing company called Minion Games and later that year he completed his first full scale board game called Those Pesky Humans which was released at Origins in 2010 with three other new games. In 2011 he published seven great new games. In 2012 he completed a few more games most notably the well reviewed Tahiti board game and The Manhattan Project board game.
Mathe published a series of ePublisher Guides to help new start-up companies. He also created and published a quick action sci-fi game system called Hyper-Killer.

</doc>
<doc id="36564145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564145" title="Richards, Illinois">
Richards, Illinois

Richards is an unincorporated community in Bruce Township, LaSalle County, Illinois, United States. Richards is located along Illinois Route 23 north of Streator.

</doc>
<doc id="36564148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564148" title="Electrophysiological techniques for clinical diagnosis">
Electrophysiological techniques for clinical diagnosis

Electrophysiological techniques for clinical diagnosis will discuss the techniques borrowed from electrophysiology used in the clinical diagnosis of subjects. There are many processes that occur in the body which produce electrical signals that can be detected. Depending on the location and the source of these signals, distinct methods and techniques have been developed to properly target them.
Role of electrophysiology in clinical medicine.
Electrophysiology has a very important role in ensuring accurate clinical diagnoses. Many neurological diseases cause symptoms that manifest far from the injured or deceased tissues. Locating and treating all affected areas of the body is essential for proper patient care. Electrophysiology allows for the investigation of abnormal electrical signals in the body’s tissues. It provides quantitative data to clinicians, supporting diagnostic processes and evaluating treatment success. Often, biological measures such as electrophysiology are more useful in assessing symptom severity than existing clinical measurement scales. Their objective nature removes subjective assignment of scores to symptom severity, subsequently leading to better informed healthcare decisions. 
Electrophysiological techniques.
There are various techniques available to study and measure the electromagnetic signals of the body. The brain, the heart and skeletal muscles are prime sources of electric and magnetic fields that can be recorded and the resulting patterns can give insight on what ailments the subject may have. These electrophysiological techniques are named according to what data is measured and sometimes the anatomical location of the sources as follows:
Electroencephalography (EEG).
Electroencephalography is the measurement of brain activity through the surface of the scalp. Electroencephalography data can be processed through analytical procedures and certain derived summary indices of these analyses are called quantitative electroencephalography (QEEG). Data from evoked potentials can also be used processed in certain ways that can be considered quantitative EEG as well. If QEEG data is mapped then it is a topographic QEEG (also known as brain electrical activity mapping or BEAM )
Electrocardiography (EKG).
The heart is the muscle that pumps oxygenated blood to the whole body. As a very active muscle, it has peculiar electrical activity that can be measured and analyzed. Electrocardiography is the measurement of these signals.
Electromyography (EMG).
Electromyography is the measurement and analysis of the electrical activity in skeletal muscles. This technique is useful for diagnosing the health of the muscle tissue and the nerves that control them.
EMG measures action potentials, called Motor Unit Action Potentials (MUAPs), created during muscle contraction. A few common uses are determining whether a muscle is active or inactive during movement (onset of activity), assessing the velocity of nerve conduction, and the amount of force generated during movement. Of these uses, determining the onset of muscle activity has been shown to be the most accurate. 
Event-related potentials (ERPs).
The firing of neurons throughout the brain has been known to have localized relationships to certain functions, processes and reactions to stimuli. 
With proper equipment it is possible to locate where in the brain neurons have been activated and measure their event related potentials. Event-related potentials can be classified as either: sensory, motor or cognitive.
Evoked Potentials (EPs).
Measurement of spontaneous electrophysiological activity does not always provide the desired information from the signals of interest. In such cases, the application of a stimulus to the desired target can produce transient evoked potentials that can provide further insight not obtained from solely passive recording methods such as EEG, ECG, EMG or MEG.
Magnetoencephalography (MEG).
The measurement of the naturally occurring magnetic fields produced by the brain's electrical activity is called magnetoencephalography. This method differs from magnetic resonance imaging in that it passively measures the magnetic fields without altering the body's magnetization. However, data from MEG and MRI can be combined to create images that approximately map the estimated location of the natural magnetic fields. This composite imaging process is called magnetic source imaging (MSI).
Nerve conduction study (NCS).
An NCS measures the electrical conduction velocity and other characteristics of nerves in the body.
Diagnosable conditions and applicable methods.
The toolset of available electrophysiological techniques has been carefully applied to the study of patients suffering from a wide variety of conditions in the hopes of finding novel and more reliable diagnosis. For some conditions the use of these methods in their diagnosis is standard, but for others their applicability for diagnosis is still in the research phase. Some conditions where the usefulness of electrophysiological techniques has been determined or being studied with promising results follow:
Brainstem lesions in traumatic brain injury.
In the event of a traumatic brain injury the presence of a brainstem lesion has a significant impact in the prognosis of the patient. Although the development of MRI has allowed for very effective detection of brainstem lesions, evoked potentials measurements are also a electrophysiological technique that has been used for over 30 years in this context.
Carpal tunnel syndrome (CTS).
The compression of the median nerve within the carpal canal of the wrist and the progression of symptoms resulting from this entrapment is known as carpal tunnel syndrome (CTS). Nerve conduction studies have been used as a control electrophysiological method in the development of better CTS diagnostic techniques.
Dementia.
Dementia is a progressive, degenerative brain disease that impairs cognitive functions. Alzheimer’s disease and other types of dementia diagnosis is being improved through the use of electroencephalogram (EEG) and event-related potentials(ERP).
Epilepsy.
Abnormally excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain can cause seizures. These symptoms are characteristic of the neurological disorder known as epilepsy. Epilepsy is typically diagnosed with an EEG test. However, the effectiveness of MEG in the diagnosis of neocortical epilepsy has also been established.
Essential tremor.
It is hard to diagnose essential tremor and differentiate it from other types of tremor. The burst discharge patterns of EMG signals is compared to the frequency and amplitute of videotaped tremors to evaluate and diagnose essential tremor.
Heart disease.
Heart disease is one of the leading causes of death in the world. Diagnosis of heart disease can require various non-electrophysiological methods since there are many possible ailments, but EKG can be used to detect some.
Spasticity (cerebral palsy and stroke).
Spasticity is a velocity dependent resistance to stretch due to increases in gamma motor neuron activity The most commonly affected muscles are those that oppose gravity, the elbow and wrist flexors, knee extensors and ankle plantarflexors Spasticity is a side effect of multiple central nervous system disorders including Cerebral Palsy, Stroke, Multiple Sclerosis and spinal cord injuries and results in limited joint range of motion of the affected limb.
Stroke is currently the leading cause of death in the United States. Ischemic stroke is the most common form, accounting for 85% of all stroke cases. It involves restricted blood flow to areas of the brain, resulting from a blood clot or ruptured vessel, and ultimately causes brain tissue damage. Spasticity is a common side effect of this brain tissue damage and affects the lives of many stroke survivors. The increased muscle tone of spastic muscles encumbers goal-directed movements; impairing activities of daily living while additionally causing pain and discomfort. Valid, reliable, and sensitive measures of spasticity are necessary to accurately diagnose patients suffering from this neurophysiological condition and assess the effectiveness of various treatment modalities. Electromyography (EMG) has been proposed by multiple researchers as an alternative measurement technique to quantify spasticity. 
EMG is used to determine the onset of muscle activity in spastic muscles, allowing for comparison between affected patients and asymptomatic individuals. Measurement tools involving EMG are argued to be more sensitive than currently used clinical scales like the Modified Ashworth Scale (MAS) in detecting spasticity symptom severity. The use of EMG offers a quantitative value of severity as opposed to relying on subjective scoring protocols. Malhotra et al. (2008) used EMG and the MAS to determine which method was more effective in detecting spasticity of the wrist flexors. In their sample of 100 patients (median age 74 years), they found that using EMG to detect onset of muscle activity during multiple passive stretch repetitions of the wrist at various velocities, successfully detected spasticity in 87 patients while the MAS only detected spasticity in 44 of these individuals. These findings support the use of EMG as a more sensitive diagnostic tool than the MAS and therefore advantageous when used in a clinical setting.
Similarly, EMG was successful in detecting elbow flexor spasticity symptom improvement in six post-stroke subjects (mean age 54.16 ± 7.9 years) following a neural mobilization technique of the median nerve. At 90 degrees of flexion and full extension of the elbow, muscle activity decreased from 17% pre-treatment to 11% post-treatment. These patients had initial MAS scores of 1 or 2, and the MAS was incapable of detecting the same symptom improvements post-treatment as seen with the EMG method. 
Cerebral palsy is another group of disorders caused by abnormal brain development or damage to the developing brain, which may result in spasticity. EMG has also been successfully used to quantify spasticity in this patient population. Using surface EMG and a torque motor, Levin et al. (1994, 2000) demonstrated a direct relationship between the velocity of stretch and the onset of spasticity. They incorporated EMG in their use of a novel motorized manipulandum due to its ability to detect stretch reflex activity and thus incorporate the velocity-dependent nature of spasticity in the resulting diagnostic values. 
Multiple sclerosis.
The demyelination and scarring of axons in the neurons of the nervous system can affect their conduction properties and seriously harm the normal communication of the brain with the rest of the body. Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a disease that causes this deterioration of the myelin sheath. There isn't a unique test to diagnose MS and several studies must be combined to determine the presence of this disease. However, visual evoked potentials do play a role in the whole diagnostic process.
Parkinson's disease.
Parkinson's disease is a degenerative ailment that affects the central nervous system and is typically identified initially by its the motor related symptoms. Accurate differentiation of PD from any other neurological disorder and the identification of the disease course is important in establishing an appropriate antiparkinsonian therapy. In the diagnostic role, surface EMG is a very informative method used to obtain relevant quantitative characteristics.

</doc>
<doc id="36564149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564149" title="Darin Archbold">
Darin Archbold

Darin Archbold (born July 11, 1969) is an American former basketball player. Archbold was named Midwestern Collegiate Conference Player of the Year in 1991. Archbold joined the Butler Bulldogs beginning the 1988–89 season after graduating from and playing basketball and football at Norwell High School in Ossian, Indiana, where he still holds the records for career points, career rebounds, and season points.
College.
A four-year letterwinner and three-year starter for the Bulldogs, Archbold led Butler in scoring for three consecutive seasons and sits in fourth place on Butler's all-time scoring list with 1,744 career points. He set a Butler single season scoring record with 770 points in 1991-92, and he continues to hold Butler's all-time record for three-point field goal shooting (.465). Archbold was a two-time all-conference selection and a two-time Butler MVP. Notably, in 1991, Archbold became Butler's first men's basketball player named Horizon League (formerly Midwestern Collegiate Conference) Player of the Year. That season, he led the NCAA Division I in free throw shooting (.912) and finished second in the conference in scoring (21.8 ppg). On March 16, 1992 he was also featured as the Player of the Week by Sports Illustrated. He was named to Butler's All-Century Team in 1998 and to Butler's Team of the Sesquicentennial in 2006. Archbold was added to Butler's Hall of Fame in 2008.
Archbold is a notable figure in the Butler-Xavier basketball rivalry, as Xavier's Maurice Brantley punched Archbold while in the postgame handshake line. The Chicago Tribune reported: "Brantley`s open right hand slapped the side of Archbold`s head, which snapped back. The Butler guard, who had been frustrated and punished throughout the game, pushed back, and with that Brantley unloaded a right that bloodied Archbold`s chin." In spite of both players subsequently being placed on probation by the conference, Archbold was named the conference's player of the year. The following season, Archbold had his revenge when he scored 42 points, leading Butler to a 96–86 victory at Xavier's home arena at that time, the Cincinnati Gardens. The Bulldogs also beat Xavier six days later in the semifinals of the MCC Tournament at Cincinnati's Riverfront Coliseum.

</doc>
<doc id="36564199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564199" title="Ravne, Kočevje">
Ravne, Kočevje

Ravne (; , Gottscheerish: "Ebn, Ebnə") is a remote settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Borovec pri Kočevski Reki.
Name.
"Ravne" is a relatively common name for places in Slovenia (cf. "Ravne", "Ravne", "Ravne na Koroškem", etc.). The name literally means 'level' and is of adjectival origin, usually an ellipsis of "ravne njive" 'level fields', referring to a small elongated cultivated terrace. The German name "Eben" is semantically identical, meaning 'level' and referring to cultivation of the land.
History.
In 1498 Ravne had three full farms divided into half-farms, corresponding to a population between 35 and 40. In 1770 the village had 13 houses. One of the executed ringleaders of the 1809 Gottscheer Rebellion was from Ravne. The village had 18 houses and a population of 47 in 1937. Ravne had a steam-powered sawmill, which was burned down during the Second World War. The village came under aerial bombardment during the war. After the war the Posestvo Snežnik company had a barn for cattle in Ravne.
Pilgrimage chapel and shrine.
A forest pilgrimage chapel known as Our Lady of the Woods () was built between Eben and Borovec pri Kočevski Reki in 1905 at the site of the Eben Shrine ( or "Ebner Bild", Gottscheerish: "Ēbmar pillain"), a popular wayside shrine. The church was built as a result of the 1855 cholera epidemic, during which the residents of Borovec pri Kočevski Reki would trek to the summit of Ravne Hill (, 846 m) and the priest mentioned that a small church could be built where there was an shrine with an image of Our Lady of the Seven Sorrows, probably erected around 1440 or 1450 along a route to Rijeka for pack animals. The chapel was 10.5 m long, 5.5 m wide, and 15 m tall, topped by a flèche with two bells. It was built of undressed stone. The construction began on 5 July 1905 and the chapel was consecrated on 17 September 1905. The chapel was destroyed during the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="36564202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564202" title="Kirk J. Fitzhugh">
Kirk J. Fitzhugh

Kirk J. Fitzhugh is the curator at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County, a position he has held since 1990. His research focuses on the systematics of polychaetes and on the philosophical foundations of evolutionary theory. Fitzhugh is a critic of DNA barcoding methods as a technical substitute for systematics. He attends Willi Hennig Society meetings where he has argued that "synapomorphy as evidence does not meet the scientific standard of independence...a particularly serious challenge to phylogenetic systematics, because it denies that the most severely tested and least disconfirmed cladogram can also maximize explanatory power." His graduate supervisor was V. A. Funk, from the U.S. National Herbarium, National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution MRC. He completed his doctoral thesis on Systematics and phylogeny of Sabellid polychaetes in 1988 while he was a research scientist at the LA County museum He married a lawyer named Nancy E. Gold in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="36564206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564206" title="Mamiya Six">
Mamiya Six

The Mamiya Six, also known as the Mamiya-6, is a series of folding medium-format rangefinder cameras manufactured by Mamiya between 1940 and the late 1950s. The cameras captured twelve 6 cm × 6 cm images on 120 film rolls. Some later models could also take sixteen 4.5 cm × 6 cm images. The cameras were coupled rangefinders, but had a unique focusing mechanism that moved the film plane instead of the lens. The lenses were not interchangeable, and were made by various Japanese manufacturers. Beginning with the model IV, the name on the top plate changed from "Mamiya Six" (two lines) to "Mamiya-6".

</doc>
<doc id="36564208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564208" title="Curug Cipendok">
Curug Cipendok

Curug Cipendok is one of the highest waterfalls in the southern part of Central Java. It is located in Cilongok Banyumas (district), near the village of Karang Tengah, about 25 km from Purwokerto. The dramatic 92-meter falls are considered a major attraction and are very popular with tourists. The area also hosts a campsite and a large lake. The waterfall is 500 meters away from a parking area, through a tropical forest.
The road to the waterfall is lined with celery plantations and stalls selling tempeh, pure milk, tomatoes and peppers. In addition, many small rivers run along the road. 
The admission price to view the waterfall is six thousand rupiahs which includes accident insurance. For the more adventurous, swimming in the pool is an option, where one can swim up to the center of the waterfall. The depth reaches 25 meters, with temperatures below 20 °C.
Butterfly Park.
Visitors can use a car or motorbike rented from the village of Losari which is around 8 kilometers from the waterfall. The road from Losari goes through a protected area which has a butterfly park, rare plants, Javan Hawk-Eagles, monkeys, Javanese tigers and snakes.
Recently, research students from the Faculty of Biology at Jenderal Soedirman University discovered two new species of rare butterflies. There are some species of orchids that exist only in the Cipendok area.
History.
The origin of the name Cipendok waterfall has its own story. When after the Java War, the Dutch colonial government commissioned a district officer named Ajibarang R. Ranusentika work rodi cleared the forest on the slopes. To dispel the boredom and fatigue, he went fishing in a waterfall under which there is a niche or a deep pool.
When the hook was cast into the pool, R. Ranusentika felt the tip of the hook pulled by a fish that was big, but when the end of the hook is retrieved there was no big fish, but a pendok or yellow gold dagger sheath that caught the eye of the hook. Since then the waterfall is named after the waterfall Cipendok. 
Curug Cipendok restored and opened to the public since 1984. According to officials Cipendok waterfall tour manager, the interest of visitors is increasing every year.
Cipendok waterfall is located at a plateau in Banyumas region and officially opened to the public February 27, 1986 by the Banyumas Regent, R.G Roydjito. Go north of Cipendok, lies the largest mountain forest in Java.

</doc>
<doc id="36564212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564212" title="Jean Germain (politician)">
Jean Germain (politician)

Jean Germain (born 11 September 1947 in Tours) is a French socialist politician.
Biography.
Germain was the president of l'Université de Tours from 1988 to 1993.
In 1995 Germain was elected mayor of Tours since 1995, and president of the agglomeration community of Tours, Tour(s) Plus. 
In September 2011 Germain was elected as a Senator from the department of Indre-et-Loire.
Germain is a member of the French Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="36564219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564219" title="René Gómez Manzano">
René Gómez Manzano

René de Jesús Gómez Manzano (Havana, 19 December 1943) is a Cuban dissident known for his essay "The Homeland Belongs to All", which he co-wrote with Marta Beatriz Roque, Vladimiro Roca, and Felix Bonne, as well as his repeated imprisonment by the Cuban government. Amnesty International has named him to be a prisoner of conscience three times.
Background.
Gomez Manzano was born in Havana, Cuba. At the age of eleven, he was sent by his parents to study in the Appalachian Mountains region of the U.S. He then earned a scholarship to Moscow's Patrice Lumumba University, where he studied International Law. As a result of his travels, he is fluent in Spanish, Russian, English, and French. He is a Roman Catholic and an avid chess player.
A defense lawyer, he entered the dissident movement when he began to defend political prisoners in the late 1980s. He became a cofounder of "Corriente Agramontista" in 1990, an organization of lawyers willing to file suit against the state to force it to fulfill its own laws.
On 6 August 1994, he was arrested and detained in what Amnesty International called "an apparent round-up of known government critics and human rights activists"; the group designated him a prisoner of conscience.
‘The Group of Four’.
In 1997, Gomez Manzano, Marta Beatriz Roque, Vladimiro Roca, and Felix Bonne founded the Internal Dissidence Working Group. They then published a paper titled "The Homeland Belongs to All," which discussed Cuba's human rights situation and called for political and economic reforms. They also called for a boycott of elections in Cuba's one-party system and for investors to avoid Cuba, giving several news conferences to discuss their concerns.
Gomez Manzano and the other members of the group were arrested on 16 July 1997. The four were detained for 19 months and then tried for sedition in March 1999 in a one-day trial closed to the foreign press. Gomez Manzano was sentenced to four years' imprisonment. The defendants became known as the "Group of Four". The United States, Canada, the European Union and the Vatican all called for his release. Amnesty International again declared the four prisoners of conscience, "detained solely for peacefully exercising their rights to freedom of expression and association", and called for their immediate release.
Gomez Manzano was released early without explanation on 24 May 2000, having served just under three years in prison. Other members of the Group of Four were released around the same time. In November 2000, the four published another essay, titled "Social Facets", as President Fidel Castro attended a summit in Panama. The essay stated that Cuban education was designed to indoctrinate children, that many children were malnourished from food shortages, and that foreigners in Cuba were allowed privileges—such as cars, computers, and cell phones—that ordinary Cuban people were not.
Later activism.
Gomez Manzano was critical of fellow dissident Oswaldo Payá's Varela Project, in which Payá presented the National Assembly of People's Power (NAPP) with 25,000 signatures in an attempt to force a constitutional referendum. Gomez Manzano stated that appeals to the NAPP were useless as long as it was dominated by the Communist Party.
In July 2005, Gomez Manzano was arrested while leaving his home, allegedly to join a protest at the French Embassy with Marta Beatriz Roque's Assembly to Promote Civil Society in Cuba. He was detained without charge for eighteen months, during which time he later stated that he undertook two hunger strikes. Amnesty International again designated him a prisoner of conscience and lobbied for his release.
He was released on 9 February 2007. Having been banned from practicing law, he stated that he relied on aid from "compatriots in exile". He told reporters that he nonetheless intended to remain in Cuba and continue his activism, stating, "Change will come sooner than later".
In an April 2009 cable released by WikiLeaks in December 2010, Jonathan D. Farrar, head of the U.S. Interests Section in Havana, described Gomez Manzano, Oswaldo Paya, and other dissidents as "hopelessly out of touch", writing, "They have little contact with younger Cubans and, to the extent they have a message that is getting out, it does not appeal to that segment of society."
Awards and Distinctions.
In 1997, the American Bar Association awarded him its International Human Rights Award, but Gomez Manzano was unable to travel to receive it due to his detention. 
In 1999, Gómez Manzano, along with his co-authors Roque, Roca and Bonne, were awarded the Grand Prize for Press Freedom by the Inter-American Press Association for the publication of "The Homeland Belongs to All."
In 2007, an international jury of various bar associations awarded him the Ludovic Trarieux International Human Rights Prize for lawyers, the presentation of which he was again prevented from attending.

</doc>
<doc id="36564277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564277" title="Oh, Beautiful Virgin Islands">
Oh, Beautiful Virgin Islands

"Oh, Beautiful Virgin Islands" is the official territorial song of the Virgin Islands (often called the British Virgin Islands or BVI). The song was composed by the brother and sister team, Kareem Nelson Hull and Ayana Hull, both Virgin Islanders. The song was adopted as the territorial song by resolution of the House of Assembly of the Virgin Islands on 24 July 2012. As a British Overseas Territory, the Virgin Islands retains "God Save the Queen" as its official national anthem.
Lyrics.
"The following are the lyrics of the Territorial Song of the Virgin Islands:"
Out of the huts of history’s pain
Our ancestors bled and died!
But with strength and will power we overcame
To restore Beautiful Virgin Islands pride!
To preserve our beauty we devised a plan
To retain ownership of your precious lands!
Educating our people is the golden key
To maintain the success of this Territory!
We shall protect your bountiful shores
And uphold your dignity!
We shall fight to preserve your culture
Your splendour and integrity!
And we shall never fail to understand
How blessed we are to possess this land!
So we shall unite standing proud and tall
Let none divide us, lest we fall!
"Chorus"
Oh how radiant are your daughters!
And how wealthy are your sons!
Your beaches boast your beauty!
And your success is second to none!
Green and brilliant are your hillsides!
They replenish our hopes and pride!
Oh Beautiful Virgin Islands!
Your qualities can never be denied!
May God richly bless this country!
May we ask three things of thee…
Courage for our great leaders
That they may rule our destiny!
We ask for wisdom for our people
That we may live in harmony!
And understanding for children
So they may cherish this legacy!
"Chorus"
Selection.
The Virgin Islands Minister for Education and Culture, the Hon. Myron V. Walwyn announced in December 2011 that the BVI government would hold a "Territorial Song and Dress Competition". Walwyn explained that his government wished to adopt a "territorial song and dress that embodies who we are as a people" and that would "infuse Virgin Islands pride and provide a greater sense of identity". The minister acknowledged that the former government had begun a similar process in 2005. The minister added that the "new process will allow for entries from a wider base and give previous submissions the opportunity to redefine and submit their work".
Former Culture Minister, Ms. Eileene L. Parsons was chosen to spearhead the ad hoc Committee on Territorial Dress and Song. The other committee members were Mrs. Sheila Brathwaite, Dr. Charles Wheatley, Mrs. Delores Christopher and the Acting Director of Culture, Mrs. Brenda Lettsome-Tye. Twenty-four submissions were received for the Territorial Song Competition. Ultimately, three songs were chosen as the finalists: "Virgin Islands, Land I Love", "Wonder of Creation: The Beautiful Virgin Islands" and the winning song. Members of the public were then invited to vote online for their preferred song.
An open presentation of the finalists for the Territorial Song and Dress Competition was hosted by the government on Sunday, 10 June 2012, at a celebration entitled "Defining Ourselves: A Virgin Islands Story in Dress and Song." The presentation was held at the Eileen L. Parsons Auditorium (named in honour of the Chairlady of the Territorial Song and Dress Committee) of the H. Lavity Stoutt Community College at 3pm. The Premier and the Culture Minister both delivered separate remarks at the Presentation. During the Presentation, the three finalist songs were performed. Although, the winning song was originally composed with the name "Oh, Beautiful Virgin Islands" it has frequently been performed as "Oh, British Virgin Islands". On the day of the Presentation, it was indeed performed as "Oh, British Virgin Islands".
Following a robust debate in the House of Assembly, the winning song received 10 votes out of a possible 13 votes from the elected members. Two Opposition members were absent while the former Culture Minister, the Hon. Andrew Fahie abstained based on the process that was being used. By that resolution (as rectified by the resolution below), the territorial song was chosen. The following is the text of the resolution (which also approved the official Territorial dresss):

</doc>
<doc id="36564281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564281" title="Bohemian War (1468–78)">
Bohemian War (1468–78)

The Bohemian War (1468–78) began when the Kingdom of Bohemia was invaded by the king of Hungary, Matthias Corvinus. Matthias invaded with the pretext of returning Bohemia to Catholicism; at the time, it was ruled by the Hussite king, George of Poděbrad. Matthias' invasion was largely successful, leading to his acquisition of the southern and eastern parts of the country. Its core lands however, centered on Prague, were never taken. Ultimately both Matthias and Poděbrad would proclaim themselves king, though neither ever acquired all the necessary subordinate titles. When Poděbrad died in 1471, his successor Vladislaus II continued the fight against Matthias. In 1478, the war ended following the treaties of Brno and the Olomouc. Upon Matthias death in 1490, Vladislaus would succeed him as king of both Hungary and Bohemia.
Background.
At the beginning of his reign, Matthias continued the policy of his father John Hunyadi in defending Hungary, the "bulwark of Christendom," against the Turks. However, as Matthias led campaigns each year, he came to the realization that by the late 15th century it was no longer possible to oust the Ottoman Turks from Europe. Rankling under the heavy costs of bordering the Sultan, and resenting his Christian neighbors, like Frederick III, who often meddled in Hungary when Matthias was on campaign, Matthias made the radical decision to come to an entente with the Turks, enabling the Hungarian king to turn westward.
The war.
In 1468, Matthias began a war in Bohemia on the pretext of restoring that land to the Papacy. Poděbrad, the Bohemian king who had once protected Matthias, had made himself too tempting a target when he made enemies out of two Popes and became alienated from most of his Catholic neighbors. Matthias seized Moravia and Silesia from Poděbrad and proclaimed himself the Czech king; yet Matthias was never able to seize Prague from the Hussites. The war would continue with Poděbrad's successor Vladislaus, until the latter signed the Treaty of Brno with Matthias in 1478, recognizing the Hungarian king's conquests. The Peace of Olomouc would confirm the Treaty of Brno.
With Matthias' death in 1490, Vladislaus would succeed Matthias as king of both Hungary and Bohemia.

</doc>
<doc id="36564284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564284" title="Welland, Illinois">
Welland, Illinois

Welland is an unincorporated community in LaSalle and Lee counties in the U.S. state of Illinois. The community is located in Mendota Township in LaSalle County and Brooklyn Township in Lee County. Welland is north-northeast of Mendota.

</doc>
<doc id="36564294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564294" title="Mochtar">
Mochtar

Mochtar is a given name, often used by Indonesians. Notable people named Mochtar include:

</doc>
<doc id="36564303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36564303" title="Australian Leather and Allied Trades Employees' Federation">
Australian Leather and Allied Trades Employees' Federation

The Australian Leather and Allied Trades Employees' Federation (ALATEF) was an Australian trade union that existed between 1945 and 1972. It represented workers employed in the preparation of leather from hides, and the manufacture of a variety of leather and canvas goods.
Establishment.
The beginnings of the ALATEF can be traced back to the founding of two organisations, the Australian Saddlery Trades Employees Federation and the Federated Tanners, Curriers and Leather Dressers Employees' Union of Australia. These unions merged in 1918 to form the Australian Saddlery and Leather Workers' Trades Employees' Federation. Following several name changes, including the convoluted "Australian Saddlery, Leather, Sail, Canvas, Tanning, Leather Dressing and Allied Workers' Trades Employees' Federation", the union settled on its final name in 1945.
Amalgamation.
The decline of the leather industry in Australia, as well as increased mechanisation, led to a reduced membership, and the union began seeking amalgamation with other unions. Despite approaching several unions in the textile and apparel industries, the union's reputation for militancy and its communist political leanings meant its advances were rebuffed. The union eventually reached an agreement in 1967 to amalgamate with the Federated Miscellaneous Workers' Union, FMWU, and ceased to exist in 1970. The successor to the FMWU, United Voice, continues to provide coverage for leather workers.

</doc>
