<doc id="36692461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692461" title="Dive planning">
Dive planning

Dive planning is the process of planning an underwater diving operation.
The purpose of dive planning is to increase the probability that a dive will be completed safely and the goals achieved. Some form of planning is done for most underwater dives, but the complexity and detail considered may vary enormously.
Professional diving operations are usually formally planned and the plan documented as a legal record that due diligence has been done for health and safety purposes. Recreational dive planning may be less formal, but for complex technical dives, can be as formal, detailed and extensive as most professional dive plans.
A professional diving contractor will be constrained by the code of practice, standing orders or regulatory legislation covering a project or specific operations within a project, and is responsible for ensuring that the scope of work to be done is within the scope of the rules relevant to that work.
A recreational (including technical) diver or dive group is generally less constrained, but nevertheless is almost always restricted by some legislation, and often also the rules of the organisations to which the divers are affiliated.
The planning of a diving operation may be simple or complex. In some cases the processes may have to be repeated several times before a satisfactory plan is achieved, and even then the plan may have to be modified on site to suit changed circumstances.
A diving project may consist of a number of related diving operations.
The final product of the planning process may be formally documented or, in the case of recreational divers, an agreement on how the dive will be conducted.
A documented dive plan may contain elements from the following list:
Objective.
Commercial diving contractors will develop specifications for the operation in cooperation with the client, who will normally provide a specific objective. The client will generally specify what work is to be done, and the diving contractor will deal with the logistics of how to do it.
Other professional divers will usually plan their diving operations around an objective related to their primary occupation.
Recreational divers will generally choose an objective for entertainment value, or for training purposes.
It will generally be necessary to specify the following:
Selection of techniques and mode of diving.
Detailed planning depends on the mode and techniques selected for the dive, and the choice of these depends to a large extent on the physical constraints of the dive, but also to the legal, financial and procedural constraints of the divers. The mode and techniques chosen must also allow the dive to be done at an acceptable level of risk. There is usually more than one mode which is physically feasible, and often a choice between modes which are otherwise acceptable. In some cases detailed planning may show that the initial choice was not appropriate, and the process has to be repeated for an alternative choice.
Diving without breathing apparatus.
Free diving does not involve the use of external breathing devices, but relies on a diver's ability to hold his or her breath until resurfacing. Free diving is limited in depth and time, but for some purposes it may be suitable.
Scuba diving.
Diving with a self-contained underwater breathing apparatus, which is completely independent of surface supply, provides the diver with the advantages of mobility and horizontal range far beyond what is possible when supplied from the surface by the umbilical hoses of surface-supplied diving equipment. Scuba has limitations of breathing gas supply, communications between diver and surface are problematic, the location of the diver may be difficult to monitor, and it is considered a higher-risk mode of diving in most circumstances. Scuba is specifically forbidden for some professional applications. Decompression is often avoided, and if necessary, is generally in-water, but may use a variety of gases.
Open circuit.
Open-circuit scuba systems discharge the breathing gas into the environment as it is exhaled, and consist of one or more diving cylinders containing breathing gas at high pressure connected to a primary diving regulator, and may include additional cylinders for decompression gas or emergency breathing gas.
Rebreathers.
Closed-circuit or semi-closed circuit rebreather systems allow recycling of exhaled gases. This reduces the volume of gas used, so that a smaller cylinder, or cylinders, than open-circuit scuba may be used for the equivalent dive duration, and giving the ability to spend far more time underwater compared to open circuit for the same gas consumption. Rebreathers also produce far less bubble volume and less noise than scuba, which makes them attractive to military, scientific and media divers. They also have a larger number of critical failure modes, are more expensive and require more training to use at a reasonable level of safety.
Surface supplied diving.
Breathing gases may be supplied from the surface through a diver's umbilical, or airline hose, which provides breathing gas, communications and a safety line, with options for a hot water hose for heating, a video cable and gas reclaim line. The diver's breathing gas supply is significantly more secure than for scuba; communications are simplified and the divers position is either known or can be traced reliably by following the umbilical. Several major risks are thereby mitigated, but the system also has serious disadvantages in some applications, as diver mobility is constrained by the length of the umbilical, and it may snag on obstructions.
Surface-oriented, or bounce diving, is how commercial divers refer to diving operations where the diver starts and finishes the diving operation at atmospheric pressure. The alternative, while retaining surface supply, is saturation diving.
The diver may be deployed directly, often from a diving support vessel or indirectly via a diving bell. Decompression procedures include in-water decompression or surface decompression in a deck chamber.
Small closed bell systems which include a two-man bell, a handling frame and a chamber for decompression after transfer under pressure (TUP) are reasonably mobile, and suited to deep bounce dives.
Saturation diving.
Saturation diving lets divers live and work at depth for days or weeks at a time. After working in the water, divers are transferred in a closed diving bell to rest and live in a dry pressurized underwater habitat on the bottom or a saturation life support system of pressure chambers at the surface. Decompression at the end of the dive may take many days, but since it is done only once for a long period of exposure, rather than after each of many shorter exposures, the overall risk of decompression injury to the diver and the total time spent decompressing are reduced. This type of diving allows greater economy of work and enhanced safety, but the capital and running costs are high and the systems are expensive to transport. Mobility of the diver is restricted because of the umbilical.
Atmospheric diving suits.
Atmospheric diving suits can be used for very deep dives of up to for many hours, and eliminate several physiological dangers associated with deep diving: the occupant need not decompress; there is no need for special gas mixtures; and there is no danger of decompression sickness or nitrogen narcosis. Disadvantages include high cost, limited availability, bulk and limited diver dexterity.
Diving team selection.
The diving team personnel selection will depend largely on the diving mode selected and organisational requirements
Professional dive team members will generally be selected on documented evidence of proven competence or qualification for the tasks allocated.
Technical teams will also generally base appointments on proven competence, certification or personal trust.
Recreational groupings may be based on personal experience and trust, but are frequently relatively arbitrary allocations by the service provider, based on certification.
Depth and time.
Depth is often one of the more straightforward parameters, as it is often fixed by the topography of the site.
Time is influenced by limitations of equipment and decompression constraints, as well as the actual time required to perform the intended task, which in turn is influenced by the underwater environment in general, and specific to the site.
Hazards of the proposed diving operation.
Divers face specific physical and health risks when they go underwater with diving equipment, or use high pressure breathing gas.
A hazard is any biological, chemical, physical, mechanical or environmental agent or situation that poses a level of threat to life, health, property, or environment. The presence of a combination of several hazards simultaneously is common in diving, and the effect is generally increased risk to the diver, particularly where the occurrence of an incident due to one hazard triggers other hazards with a resulting cascade of incidents.
Diving hazards may be classified under several groups:
Risk assessment.
The assessed risk of a dive would generally be considered unacceptable if the diver is not expected to cope with any single reasonably foreseeable incident with a significant probability of occurrence during that dive. Professional diving organisations tend to be less tolerant of risk than recreational, particularly technical divers, who are less constrained by occupational health and safety legislation.
Dive profile.
The planned dive profile is an important input parameter for gas planning and decompression planning, and is generally based on the time required to perform the task of each specific dive, and the depth at which the task will be performed, in combination with environmental considerations and the breathing gas mixtures chosen. Limits are often due to exposure to cold, work load, decompression time, safety constraints and logistics of breathing gas supply.
Choice of equipment.
Equipment will be chosen based on several constraints, including:
Equipment and supplies selection would normally include:
A recreational diver may expect many of these items to be arranged by the service provider (the dive boat operator, shop, or school providing thansport to the dive site and organising the dive).
Decompression planning.
Decompression is planned based on the intended dive profile, the chosen gas mixtures, and the chosen decompression tables or algorithms.
There are two basic approaches to decompression for surface oriented dives, and one for saturation diving.
The procedures chosen will to a large extent depend on the mode of diving and equipment available.
Gas planning.
Gas planning for diving operations where divers use open circuit equipment with breathing gas mixtures is more complex than operations where atmospheric air is supplied via low pressure compressor from the surface, or the breathing gas is reclaimed, processed and re-used.
Scuba gas planning.
Scuba gas planning is the aspect of dive planning which deals with the calculation or estimation of the amounts and mixtures of gases to be used for a planned dive profile, and can be critical to the safety of the dive. The scuba diver by definition is independent of surface supply and, in general, must carry all gas needed for the dive, though in limited circumstances depots of drop cylinders may be placed along the route of the dive for use on the return. This requires the route to be marked and the divers to return along the marked route, and is particularly suited to penetration dives, such as wreck and cave dives.
Deep dives with open water ascents can also occasionally make use of surface standby divers who can provide contingency gas to ascending divers whose position is marked by a shotline or decompression buoys.
The calculations assume that the dive profile, including decompression, is known, but the process may be iterative, involving changes to the dive profile as a consequence of the gas requirement calculation, or changes to the gas mixtures chosen.
Scuba gas planning includes the following aspects:
Surface supplied gas planning.
Open circuit surface supplied diving mostly uses air as the breathing gas, though mixed gases may also be used.
Surface supplied air is generally supplied by low pressure compressor, and the continuous supply is limited only by the compressor continuing to run effectively, and to provide air of suitable quality. There is also a reserve air supply, either from a second compressor, or from fairly large high pressure cylinders. Each diver also carries a scuba bailout cylinder, which should carry sufficient gas to safely surface from any point in the planned dive.
Running out of air is a relatively low risk with these facilities, and gas planning centres on ensuring that the primary and, if present, backup compressors are correctly sized to provide the necessary pressure and flow rates. These are specified by the breathing equipment manufacturer based on depth and workload, and by the compressor manufacturer for the standard running speed of the machine.
Reserve surface supply cylinder contents are based on the gas requirement for safe ascent from any part of the dive, allowing for reasonably foreseeable delays, and for a rescue by the standby diver.
The diver's bailout cylinder should contain adequate gas in case of an emergency at the planned depth. Critical pressure should be calculated based on the planned profile and must allow change-over, ascent and all planned decompression.
In some jurisdictions the stand-by diver must be supplied from an air source which is independent of that supplying the working divers, as the cause of an emergency may be failure or contamination of the main air supply to the working diver.
Low pressure compressor delivery.
Compressors are rated according to the volume of air taken in each minute. This is also the free gas volume that will be supplied to the divers. The volume of air used by the divers will depend on work rate and depth. Short term variations are compensated by the air receiver on the compressor. The delivery volume at maximum ambient pressure for the planned dive must be sufficient for all the divers to be supplied from the compressor.
The supply pressure must be in excess of minimum functional pressure for the regulator to be enough to get air to the diver. In practice a delivery pressure of about 20 bar is commonly used. The manufacturer of the helmet or full-face mask will specify a pressure range which will deliver sufficient air for a given dive depth, which is usually from 6 to 10 bar more than the ambient pressure due to depth.
Free flow helmets.
Free flow helmets generally require a considerably higher compressor delivery than demand helmets, as the flow is continuous, and should never drop below peak inhalation rate of the diver. Flow rates up to 1500 litres per minute surface equivalent are quoted for the Divex AH-5 helmet at 50 metres sea water for heavy work. Delivery pressure at the AH-5 helmet is recommended at 3.5 bar above ambient.
Saturation gas planning.
Saturation systems frequently use gas reclaim equipment to minimize the loss of expensive helium, and this makes the gas usage relatively independent of dive duration and depth, however reserves must be available in case of loss or leakage.
Scrubber systems are used to remove carbon dioxide from the breathing gas, and other filters to remove odours and other contaminants. Booster pump systems are used to return gas to high pressure storage.
Contingency plans.
Contingency planning covers what to do if something happenes that is not according to the planned operation.
The hazard identification and risk assessment will suggest the range of foreseeable contingencies, and the specifics of how much to organise to deal with them will depend on the consequences.
In general, contigencies that have serious health and safety consequences should have plans in place to deal with them, while those which are merely an inconvenience may be accepted if they occur.
Some contingency classes are listed here:
Plans for technical contingencies may include arrangements for alternative equipment, spares, alternative boat etc. The level of contingency planning will depend on the project, and the importance of the task.
Plans for adverse conditions may include arrangements for alternative dates, or in some cases alternative venues.
Emergency plans.
In general, there should be plans to deal with reasonably foreseeable emergencies that pose a risk to health and safety wherever there is a duty of care, these may include where relevant:
Some of the action generally taken to prepare for possible medical emergencies will include:
Permits and permission.
It may be necessary to arrange for clearance to dive
Permits or permission for access or to dive at the site may be required, and making the arrangements can be considered part of dive planning.
This may include, but is not limited to:
Budget.
Estimating the cost of a diving operation is an important component of the planning process, and is dependent on almost all the factors described above.

</doc>
<doc id="36692472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692472" title="Neofibularia nolitangere">
Neofibularia nolitangere

Neofibularia nolitangere, the touch-me-not sponge, is a species of demosponge in the family Desmacellidae. It is found in shallow waters in the Western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea.
Description.
"Neofibularia nolitangere" is a massive sponge often growing to about wide and 30 centimetres tall but sometimes reaching in width. It has a central cavity or atrium with thick walls. It takes various forms in different areas of the Caribbean. In the Bahamas it usually occurs as a number of rounded lobes with a cup-shaped depression or cloaca on the apex of each. In these are several openings called osculi that slope diagonally to join the atrium and out of which water is propelled. Sometimes the sponge is encrusting, forming a shallow layer of tissue growing across the substrate. In other locations it grows as several concentric mounds with smaller cloacal openings or as large vase-type structures, single or in groups, sometimes fused together laterally. The general colour is deep brown or dark red. The inside surfaces of the cloaca are rougher than the outer surface of the sponge which is smooth but not shiny. The consistency of this sponge is compressible, fragile and crumbly, but handling it is unwise as it causes a smarting sensation and numbness of the skin. Repeated exposure to it can cause a more severe allergic reaction.
Distribution.
"Neofibularia nolitangere" is found in the Western Atlantic and the Caribbean Sea. Its range extends from Florida and the Bahamas to the Greater and Lesser Antilles and south to Panama, Colombia and Venezuela. The depth range is .
Biology.
Like other sponges, "Neofibularia nolitangere" is a filter feeder. Water is drawn in through small pores in the walls called ostia. These are lined by flagellated cells called choanocytes which move the water along. The bacteria-size food particles are engulfed by the choanocytes and slightly larger particles are captured by the narrow collars found where the ostia enter the atrium. The water exits through the osculi on the top surface of the sponge.
"Neofibularia nolitangere" has been observed to "smoke" as it releases a large number of sperm from the osculi. It is presumed from this that it reproduces sexually but little is known of its reproductive biology.
Ecology.
Parasitic polychaete worms, "Haplosyllis spongicola", are frequently seen as small white shapes protruding from the inner cloaca walls. There may be tens of thousands of worms living in an individual sponge and they are sometimes so abundant that they make up five percent of its weight. Several species of fish are associated with this sponge. These include the gobies "Elacatinus horsti" and "Elacatinus chancei" which live inside its apertures and largely feed on the worm.

</doc>
<doc id="36692494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692494" title="Parklive">
Parklive

ParkLive is the third live album by British rock band Blur, released on 13 August 2012. The live album recorded the band's performance at Hyde Park, London on 12 August 2012, as part of the companion concert to the 2012 Summer Olympics closing ceremony.
The digital download was released onto the iTunes Store within a day of the band's performance. The CD version was released the following week, with a bonus disc of live unreleased rarities. A deluxe edition was released in December 2012, which, in addition to the three CDs in the CD edition, contains the Hyde Park performance on DVD and a CD of the band's performance at the 100 Club.

</doc>
<doc id="36692495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692495" title="Confédération africaine des travailleurs croyants de l'A.E.F">
Confédération africaine des travailleurs croyants de l'A.E.F

The Confédération africaine des travailleurs croyants de l'A.E.F ('African Confederation of Believing Workers of French Equatorial Africa', abbreviated C.A.T.C-A.E.F) was a trade union confederation in French Equatorial Africa. CATC was founded in Pointe-Noire January 2–6, 1957 by the branches of the French trade union centre C.F.T.C in Gabon, Moyen-Congo, Chad and Ubangi-Shari. Gilbert Pongault was the chairman of C.A.T.C-A.E.F. The C.A.T.C-A.E.F retained a separate organization from the West African C.A.T.C, which had been formed a few months earlier. The two organizations did however maintain contacts between each other, albeit the attitude of C.A.T.C.-A.E.F towards its counterpart was characterized by jealousy towards the stronger unions in West Africa. 
C.A.T.C-A.E.F claimed to be an apolitical trade union organization. C.A.T.C-A.E.F supported pluralism in the trade union movement and the notion of Pan-Africa Christian trade unionism. However, by using the word 'Believer' instead of 'Christian' (as in the original C.F.T.C name), C.A.T.C-A.E.F sought to include Muslim workers. Still, C.A.T.C-A.E.F was funded by the Catholic Church and became an affiliate of the International Federation of Christian Trade Unions. And in spite of its apolitical profile, C.A.T.C-A.E.F did produce cadres for political parties, such as U.D.D.I.A in Congo.
In 1959 Pongault founded a new organization, "Union panafricaine des travailleurs croyants" ('Pan-African Union of Believing Workers' U.P.T.C), seeking to expand its activities beyond French Equatorial Africa. The local branches of C.A.T.C-A.E.F became national trade union centres, affiliated to UPTC. National trade union centres born out C.A.T.C-A.E.F were C.A.T.C-Congo, C.A.T.C-Gabon, C.A.T.C-Republique Centrafricaine, C.A.T.C-Tchad (later renamed the "Confédération tchadienne de travail").

</doc>
<doc id="36692499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692499" title="Gaute Storaas">
Gaute Storaas

Gaute Storaas (born 1959 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (bass) and Composer, and the older brother of Jazz pianist Vigleik Storaas.
Career.
Storaas grew out of the flowering musical environment in Bergen late 70es, early 80es, and was well known for his innovative bass playing on the local rock and jazz scene. He started studies on the University of Bergen (political science and music). He attended Berklee College of Music, Boston, in 1984, and got his diploma in Arranging in 1986. Returned to Norway, (Oslo) and did all kinds of writing work. Arranging for shows, broadcasting, recording sessions, composing for commercials, commissioned films, TV idents, etc. Also found some time for music of his own, and won the Danish Radio Orchestra competition for younger composers in 1989, with the work “Ouverture #2”.
Best known is probably all the ident music for the launch of TV2, the biggest commercial TV channel in Norway, in 1992.
The last decade, time has been split between composing for film and TV, and orchestral arranging for many of the most popular Norwegian artists. Internationally known are, among others, acts as diverse as the black metal band "Dimmu Borgir", the singer Sissel Kyrkjebø, (the wordless voice of "",) and young classical trumpet virtuoso Tine Thing Helseth.
Most recent film score is for the animated feature "Elias and the Treasure of the Sea", which won the "Nordic Film Composers Award" 2011. The previous score, for "Elias and the Royal Yacht" and the TV series that it was based on, "Elias, the little Rescue Boat", (nominated for Emmy 2006), was given the "Edvard Prize" 2007, TONOs prestigious composer award.
Recently Storaas composed a full blown orchestral score for the animated feature "Elias and the Royal Yacht". (Nominated for best Norwegian filmscore 2007) Prior to that, scored the TV series "Elias, the little Rescue Boat", which was nominated for Emmy, and is sold to about 15 countries. The CD with music from the show was nominated for Spellemannprisen, (the Norwegian grammy) 2011. Scored movies as diverse as the romantic comedy "The Woman of my Life", and the dark documentary "Boomerang", (about police-violence.)
Best known work is probably all the ident-music for the launch of TV2, the biggest commercial TV-channel in Norway, back in 1992. Most of it ran for 12 years, and some is still on the air. A new, continuing series of high profile idents started in 2003.
Music for a lot of short-films, industrials, computer games, theatre music, occasional concert pieces and around 200 TV-commercials (most all of them in the first part of the 90es).
Extensive arranging work, mainly string or orchestral, for the recordings of many of the most popular Norwegian artists. Some that may be known internationally include the rock acts Dimmu Borgir and Turbonegro, Sissel Kyrkjebø, M2M, Espen Lind and the musical "Sophies World". A lot of arranging for the 52 member Norwegian Radio Orchestra, for concerts and TV-productions.
On TONO's (the Norwegian equivalent of PRS) board of musical experts from 1996 to 2005. Chairman for 4 years. Norwegian representative of FFACE (Federation of Film and Audiovisual Composers of Europe.)

</doc>
<doc id="36692512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692512" title="Mihael Pongračić">
Mihael Pongračić

Mihael Pongračić (born 24 August 1993) is a Croatian football midfielder, currently playing for Osijek in the Prva HNL.

</doc>
<doc id="36692518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692518" title="Franz Strasser">
Franz Strasser

Franz Strasser (1899 – 2 January 1946) was an Austrian-German former NSDAP Kreisleiter and convicted murderer.
Action.
In December 1944, in Kaplitz, Czechoslovakia (now Czech Republic), Franz Strasser killed two American allied airmen by shooting them with a Thompson submachine gun. They were members of a group of five who stayed with pilot Warren Woodruff when he landed the plane in a field and had voluntarily surrendered and were taken away in a truck. A Captain Lindemeyer, who later committed suicide, reportedly killed the other three, and the court verdict suggests that the killings were originally Lindemeyer's idea.
Trial and execution.
On 24 August 1945, he was tried, with someone translating for him. He was found guilty and was sentenced to execution by hanging at Landsberg Prison. On 2 January 1946, he was hanged and died instantly as German Catholic priest and longtime hospital chaplain Karl Morgenschweis prayed for the convicted murderer.

</doc>
<doc id="36692528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692528" title="Vanguard Visionaries (Sandy Bull album)">
Vanguard Visionaries (Sandy Bull album)

Vanguard Visionaries is a greatest hits compilation of folk guitarist Sandy Bull, released in 2007 through Vanguard Records. It comprises pieces from his first four albums.

</doc>
<doc id="36692538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692538" title="Great Northern War plague outbreak">
Great Northern War plague outbreak

During the Great Northern War (1700–1721), many towns and areas of the Circum-Baltic and East Central Europe suffered from a severe outbreak of the plague with a peak from 1708 to 1712. This epidemic was probably part of a pandemic affecting an area from Central Asia to the Mediterranean. Most probably via Constantinople, it spread to Pińczów in southern Poland, where it was first recorded in a Swedish military hospital in 1702. The plague then followed trade, travel and army routes, reached the Baltic coast at Prussia in 1709, affected areas all around the Baltic Sea by 1711 and reached Hamburg by 1712. Therefore, the course of the war and the course of the plague mutually affected each other: while soldiers and refugees were often agents of the plague, the death toll in the military as well as the depopulation of towns and rural areas sometimes severely impacted the ability to resist enemy forces or to supply troops.
This plague was the last to affect the Circum-Baltic, which had experienced several waves of the plague since the Black Death of the 14th century. However, for some areas, it was the most severe. People died within a few days of first showing symptoms. Especially on the eastern coast from Prussia to Estonia, the average death toll for wide areas was up to two thirds or three quarters of the population, and many farms and villages were left completely desolated. It is, however, hard to distinguish between deaths due to a genuine plague infection and deaths due to starvation and other diseases that spread along with the plague. While buboes are recorded among the symptoms, contemporary means of diagnosis were poorly developed, and death records are often unspecific, incomplete or lost. Some towns and areas were affected only for one year, while in other places the plague recurred annually throughout several subsequent years. In some areas, a disproportionally high death toll is recorded for children and women, which may be due to famine and the men being drafted.
As the cause of the plague was unknown to contemporaries, with speculations reaching from religious causes over "bad air" to contaminated clothes, the only means of fighting the disease was containment, to separate the ill from the healthy. Cordons sanitaire were established around infected towns like Stralsund and Königsberg; one was also established around the whole Duchy of Prussia and another one between Scania and the Danish isles along the Sound, with Saltholm as the central quarantine station. "Plague houses" to quarantine infected people were established within or before the city walls, a notable example of the latter being the Charité of Berlin, which was, however, spared from the plague.
Background.
Local outbreaks of the plague are grouped into three plague pandemics, whereby the respective start and end dates and the assignment of some outbreaks to one or another pandemic are still subject to discussion. According to Joseph P. Byrne from Belmont University, the pandemics were:
However, the late medieval Black Death is sometimes seen not as the start of the second, but as the end of the first pandemic – in that case, the second pandemic's start would be 1361; the end dates of the second pandemic given in literature also vary, e.g. ~1890 instead of ~1840.
The plague during the Great Northern War falls within the second pandemic, which by the late 17th century had its final recurrence in Western Europe (e.g. the Great Plague of London 1666–68) and, in the 18th century final recurrences in the rest of Europe (e.g. the plague during the Great Northern War in the Circum-Baltic, the Great Plague of Marseille 1720–22 in southern Europe, and the Russian plague of 1770-1772 in eastern Europe), being thereafter confined to less severe outbreaks in ports of the Ottoman Empire until the 1830s.
In the late 17th century, the plague had retreated from Europe, making a last appearance in Northern Germany in 1682 and vanishing from the continent in 1684. The subsequent wave hitting Europe during the Great Northern War most probably had its origins in Central Asia, spreading to Europe via Anatolia and Constantinople in the Ottoman Empire. Georg Sticker numbered this epidemic as the "12th period" of plague epidemics, first recorded in Ahmedabad in 1683 and until 1724 affecting a territory from India over Persia, Asia Minor, the Levant and Egypt to Nubia and Ethiopia as well as to Morocco and southern France on the one hand and to East Central Europe up to Scandinavia on the other hand. Constantinople was reached in 1685 and remained a site of infection for the subsequent years. Sporadically, the plague had entered Poland-Lithuania since 1697, yet the wave of the plague that met and followed the armies of the Great Northern War was first recorded in Poland in 1702.
Along with the plague, other diseases like dysentery, smallpox and spotted fever spread during the war, and at least in some regions the population encountered those while starving. Already in 1695-1697, a great famine had already struck Finland (death toll between a quarter and a third of the population), Estonia (death toll about a fifth of the population), Livonia, and Lithuania (where the famine as well as epidemics and warfare killed half of the population of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania between 1648 and 1697). In addition, the winter of 1708-1709 was exceptionally long and severe; as a result, the winter seed froze to death in Denmark and Prussia, and the soil had to be plowed and tilled again in the spring.
1702–1706: Southern Poland-Lithuania, Ukraine.
By 1702, the armies of Charles XII of Sweden had repelled and taken up pursuit of the armies of Augustus the Strong, Elector of Saxony, king of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania, defeating them in July at Klissow near Pińczów on the Nida in southern Poland. In their military hospital in Pińczów, the Swedish army suffered its first plague infections of soldiers, recorded on the basis of reports from "trustworthy people from that very land" by Danzig (Gdańsk) physician Johann Christoph Gottwald. In Poland, the plague recurred in various places until 1714.
During the following two years, plague broke out in Ukraine, Podolia and Volhynia, with Lviv (Lemberg, Lwow) suffering ~10,000 plague deaths in 1704 and 1705 (~40% of all inhabitants). From 1705 to 1706, occurrences of plague in Poland-Lithuania were also recorded in Kołomyję (Kolomyja, Kolomea), Stanisławów (Stanislaviv, Stanislau), Stryj (Stryi), Sambor (Sambir), Przemyśl, and Jarosław.
Spread in Poland-Lithuania after 1706.
After the Swedish incursion, Poland-Lithuania was in a state of civil war between the Warsaw Confederation, supportive of the pro-Swedish king Stanisław Leszczyński, and the Sandomierz Confederation, supportive of Sweden's adversaries, i.e. the Russian tsar and August the Strong, who was forced to abdicate in 1706 by Charles XII.
In 1707, the plague reached Cracow, where according to Frandsen (2009) ~20,000 people died within three years, according to Sticker (1905) ~18,000 people within two years, most in 1707, and according to Burchardt et al. (2009) ~12,000 people between 1706 and 1709. From Cracow, the plague spread to Lesser Poland (the surrounding area), Mazovia (including the city of Warsaw) and Great Poland with the cities of Ostrów, Kalisz (Kalisch) and Poznan (Posen). In Warsaw, ~30,000 people died in annually recurring plague epidemics between 1707 and 1710. Poznan lost ~9,000 people, about two thirds of its 14,000 inhabitants, to the plague between 1707 and 1709. In 1708, the plague spread north to the war-torn town of Thorn (Torun) in Royal Prussia, killing more than 4,000 people.
When news of the plague in Poland arrived in the Kingdom of Prussia, then still neutral in the war, precautions were taken to prevent it spreading across the border. From 1704, health certificates were compulsory for travellers from Poland. From 1707, a broad cordon sanitaire extended around the border of the former Duchy of Prussia, and those crossing into the Prussian exclave were quarantined. Yet the border was long and wooded, and not all roads could be guarded; thus bridges were demolished, lesser roads blocked, and orders were given to hang people avoiding the guarded crossings and burn or fumigate all incoming goods. There were, however, many exemptions for people with cross-border estates or occupations, who were allowed to pass freely.
Spread in the Circum-Baltic 1708–1713.
Prussia.
A few days after a Prussian official in Soldau forwarded the information that on 18 August 1708 the plague had reached the village of Piekielko on the Polish side of the border, the epidemic had crossed into the village of Bialutten on the Prussian side, killing most of its inhabitants within a month. The Prussian authorities reacted by containing the village with a palisade; however, the survivors, led by the local reverend, had already taken refuge in the nearby woods. On 13 September 1708, a Prussian official from Hohenstein reported that the plague had been brought to this small border town by the son of the local hatter returning from Polish service. By December, 400 people had died in Hohenstein. While the plague faded out during the hard winter, food became scarce due to war contributions and conscription, and the cordon sanitaire and the respective restrictions were lifted by edict on 12 July 1709.
In January 1709, the plague reached Pillupönen in the rural Prussian east, and by the end of the winter it reached Danzig (Gdansk). Danzig, at that time a largely autonomous, Protestant and German-speaking town in Polish Royal Prussia, had become one of the greatest towns in the circum-Baltic area due to its position as a hub between Polish trade (via the Vistula) and international trade (via the Baltic Sea). While it had so far avoided participation in the war, the conflict had affected it indirectly by a reduction of its trade volume, rising taxes and food shortages. The city council adopted a dual strategy of actively downplaying the plague to the outside world, especially Danzig's trading partners, thus keeping the city open and allowing international and local trade to continue with few restrictions, while at the same time the restrictions on burials were eased due to a coffin shortage and the deaths of many grave diggers, plague (pest) houses and new graveyards were designated, and a "health commission" to organize the anti-plague measures was implemented to, for example, collect weekly reports from the physicians and provide the plague victims with food. Until the end of May, it seemed that the plague would not be as severe, and the health commission's reports were openly accessible. However, the plague was not contained and spread from the plague houses to the poorer suburbs and surrounding countryside, and starting in early June the death toll rose significantly. The health commission's reports were then declared secret. When the plague faded out by December 1709 never to return to Danzig, the town had lost about half of its inhabitants.
The next large town to the east of Danzig was Königsberg in the Prussian kingdom, which had so far profited from the war by taking over some of the Swedish and Polish Livonian trade. In preparation for the plague, a "Collegium Sanitatis" (health commission) was set up, including physicians from the university and leading civilian and military officials of the town. The plague arrived in August 1709, most probably carried by a Danzig sailor. The provincial government was exiled to Wehlau while the chancellor, von Kreytzen, remained in Königsberg and continued to work as the chairman of the Collegium Sanitatis, which met daily. The city walls were manned by the military, the burghers were conscripted into neighborhood watches, medical and other personnel was hired, dressed in black waxed clothes and housed in separate buildings. While at first the city authorities downplayed the plague, which had reached a peak in early October and then declined, this approach was abandoned when the death toll again started to rise significantly in November. Without prior public announcement, a cordon sanitaire was implemented around the city, sealing it off completely from the surrounding countryside from 14/15 November until 21 December 1709. When the plague had fully retreated from Königsberg by mid-1710, more than 9,500 townspeople had died, about a quarter of its population.
Located between Danzig and Königsberg, the town of Elbing (Elblag) became infected in late September 1709, probably by shoemakers travelling from Silesia. Unusual compared to the plague in other places, the Elbing plague peaked in October 1709, faded out in the winter, peaked again in the spring 1710, faded in the summer, and peaked for a last time in the fall before vanishing in the winter, having killed about 1,200 people or 15% of the population each year. This led Frandsen (2009) to speculate whether it was indeed the plague that raged in Elbing, a thorough analysis is however difficult due to the loss of the town's plague records in World War II. On the other hand, some Elbing burghers profited from the plague in the neighboring cities insofar as its skippers were allowed to enter non-infected houses in Königsberg and, according to Frandsen (2009), "carried out an illegal, but probably very useful and lucrative trade between Königsberg and Danzig." Elbing had protected its population by guarding its walls and enforcing a 40-day quarantine on incoming persons.
However, East Prussia (the former Duchy of Prussia, since 1701 a province of the kingdom with the same name), where the plague had first occurred in late 1708 (see above) and returned from 1709 to 1711, lost more than 200,000 and up to 245,000 inhabitants, which was more than a third of its population of ~600,000. The peasants had been weakened by crop failures and pressured by high taxes: while 38.4% of king Frederick's subjects lived in eastern Prussia, the revenues gathered from this province accounted for only 16.4% of the kingdom's total tax income by the end of the 17th century, thereafter taxes for the peasants were increased by 65% from the outbreak of the war in 1700 until the outbreak of the plague in 1708. When the hard winter of 1708/09 annilihated the winter seed, dysentery and hunger typhus further weakened the population. As a consequence, according to Kossert (2005), "the peasants were easy pray for the plague, as their physical condition was miserable," and 10,800 farms were completely deserted. Especially hard-hit were regions with a substantial non-German population: Masuria in the south as well as the eastern counties with a substantial Lithuanian peasant population. About 128,000 people died in the "ämter" (rural districts) of Insterburg, Memel, Ragnit and Tilsit, and the number of villages populated completely by Lithuanians sank from 1,830 before the plague to 35 thereafter. While indigenous, including Lithuanian population was included in the subsequent repopulation measures, the ethnic make-up of the province changed with the settlement of mostly German-speaking immigrants, most of whom were Protestants seeking refuge from religious prosecution (""Exulanten"").
Brandenburg.
In November 1709, when the Prussian king Frederick I returned to Berlin from a meeting with Russian tsar Peter the Great, the king had a strange encounter with his mentally deranged wife Sophia Louise, who in a white dress and with bloody hands pointed at him saying that the plague would devour the king of Babylon. As there was a legend of a White Lady foretelling the deaths of the Hohenzollern, Frederick took his wife's outburst seriously and ordered that precautions be taken for his residence city. Among other measures, he ordered the construction of a pest house outside the city walls, the Berlin Charité.
While the plague eventually spared Berlin, it raged in the northeastern regions of Brandenburg, affecting the New March (Neumark) in 1710 and the Uckermark, where Prenzlau was infected on 3 August 1710. There, the Prussian military enforced a quarantine and nailed up houses where infected people lived. By January 1711, 665 people had died of the plague in Prenzlau and were buried on the city walls, and the quarantine was lifted on 10 August 1711.
Pomerania.
In August 1709, the plague arrived in the small Swedish Pomeranian town of (Alt-)Damm (now Dąbie) on the eastern bank of the Oder river, rapidly killing 500 inhabitants. Stettin (now Szczecin), the capital city of Swedish Pomerania located on the opposite bank of the river, reacted by isolating the town with a guarded cordon sanitaire. Precautions taken in Stettin since the arrival of the plague in Danzig included restrictions for travellers, especially soldiers' families returning from Swedish-occupied Poland after the lost Battle of Poltava (8 July 1709), and a ban on fruits in the town's markets, since fruits were believed to transmit the disease. According to Zapnik (2006), the returning soldiers' wives who had contact with the plague-stricken areas around Poznan were most likely the transmitters of the plague to Pomerania. After the outbreak in Damm, the mail route connecting Stettin with Stargard in the adjacent Prussian province of Pomerania via Damm was relocated to Podejuch. Despite the precautions, the plague broke out in Warsow, just north of Stettin, and by the end of September also inside Stettin's walls, transmitted by a local woman who had provided food to her son in Damm. As in Danzig (see above), the city council downplayed the plague cases to not impair Stettin's trade, but also set up a health commission and pest houses and hired personnel to deal with the infected.
The situation was aggravated in October 1709, when the Swedish army corps commanded by the Swedish Pomeranian Ernst Detlev von Krassow entered Pomerania. Krassow's corps, together with units of the Polish king Stanislaw I, had failed to reinforce the army of king Charles XII of Sweden in Poltava as their eastward advance was blocked by Russian and Polish-Lithuanian forces near Lemberg (Lviv, Lwow). When Charles was defeated at Poltava, many Polish-Lithuanian magnates switched from supporting Stanislaw I to supporting Augustus the Strong, and under pursuit by Russian and Saxon forces, Krassow's corps retreated westward through plague-stricken Poland, taking with them the abandoned Polish king as well as his court and wife. Against the will of the Prussian king, whose troops were occupied in the War of the Spanish Succession, they crossed through the Prussian New March and Prussian Pomerania to reach Damm in Swedish Pomerania with the main army and the Swedish border near Wollin, Gollnow and Greiffenhagen with smaller units on 21 October. Krassow, who on his march was followed and monitored by Prussian officials, denied having infected soldiers in his corps when confronted with suspicions. In a meeting with Prussian official Scheden, he justified his choice to march through infected Damm and probably infected Gollnow by responding that Gollnow was not infected at all, and that the situation in Damm would be dealt with by setting up a military corridor through the town separating the army from the inhabitants; Horn from Krassow's corps added reports that in Damm, after the death of 500 people, none of the remaining 400 inhabitants had died for three weeks.
Contrary to Krassow's assurances, part of his corps was indeed infected with the plague, and the retreat from the infected Polish territories was carried out in disorder. According to Zapnik (2006), "hordes of unrestrained soldateska, without adequate supplies and driven by fear of pursuit by their adversaries, behaved in a way more resembling their treatment of enemy territory when they had entered Swedish Pomerania."
In addition to Damm, and Stettin, where 2,000 people died, the plague from 1709 to 1710 ravaged Pasewalk, killing 67% of its inhabitants, Anklam, and Kammin in Swedish Pomerania and Belgard in Prussian Pomerania. From 1710 to 1711 the plague afflicted Stralsund, Altentreptow, Wolgast which lost 40% of its inhabitants, and Wollin, all in Swedish Pomerania, as well as Stargard and Bahn in Prussian Pomerania and Prenzlau across the border with Brandenburg (all in 1710). In 1711, the plague spread to Greifswald.
Lithuania, Livonia, Estonia.
In the years 1710 and 1711, half of the Lithuanian population of about 190,000 died. The main Lithuanian city, Vilnius (Vilna, Wilno), suffered from the plague from 1709 to 1713. Between 23,000 and 33,700 people died in the city in 1709 and 1710; that number continued to rise in the following three years, when many of the starving from the Lithuanian countryside, which was ravaged by hunger and other diseases, took refuge within its walls.
In Swedish Estonia and Swedish Livonia (both of which capitulated to the Russian tsar in 1710), the death toll between 1709 and 1711 was up to 75% of the population. The largest city there was Riga, guarded by a garrison of 12,000, which after the Battle of Poltava was targeted by the forces of the Tsardom of Russia under Boris Sheremetev. A siege was raised by November 1709; however, when the plague broke out in the city in May 1710, it soon spread from the defendants to the Russian siege forces, causing the latter to retreat behind a cordon sanitaire. When the plague spread to Swedish Dünamünde upstream on the Düna (Dvina) river, thwarting Riga's defendants' hopes for relief, and plague and hunger became so widespread in the city that only 1,500 men of the garrison were still alive, on 5 (O.S.) / 15 July they surrendered the city to Sheremetev, who reported to the tsar 60,000 deaths in Riga and 10,000 deaths among his own forces. While Frandsen (2009) dismisses the number for Riga as "most likely a heavy exaggeration" and instead gives a rough estimate of 20,000 deaths by the end of the plague in October, Sheremetev's number of Russian plague deaths seem to be "closer to the truth." Dünamünde surrendered on 9 (O.S.) / 19 August, when only some officers and 64 healthy and ~500 sick ordinary soldiers were left.
The contemporaries believed that the plague in Riga continued because, when the Russian forces lifted the siege, the influx of fresh air swirled and further distributed the plague's bad air throughout the city. Some Russian measures, however, really contributed to the spread of the plague: Sheremetev allowed 114 Swedish government officials to leave for Dünamünde and from there for Stockholm with all their families and households, taking the plague with them; also captured sick soldiers were sent to the isle of Ösel (Øsel, Saaremaa) off the Estonian coast, while the healthy were integrated into Sheremetev's corps. Refugees from Dünamünde also carried the plague to Ösel, where the fortress of Ahrensburg was depopulated by the disease.
The primary city of Swedish Estonia, Reval (Tallinn), was approached by a Russian force of 5,000 commanded by Bauer in August 1710, and due to a decision by the local officials and nobles, capitulated on 30 September without actually being attacked. Behind its walls was a population of ~20,000 people in August, composed of the regular inhabitants, soldiers, refugees and the inhabitants of the surrounding villages, which had been demolished by the defendants on 18 August. By mid-December, about 15,000 of them had died of the plague, and the number of inhabitants was reduced to 1,990 inside the walls and 200 in the adjacent villages. The rest had either fled elsewhere, or in the case of the surviving Swedish troops and some citizens, had been allowed to leave by ship after the surrender, carrying the plague to Finland.
Finland, Gotland and Central Sweden.
From Livonia and Estonia, refugees brought the plague to Central Sweden and Finland, at that time still an integral part of Sweden. In June 1710, most probably via a ship from Pernau, the plague arrived in Stockholm, where the health commission ("Collegium Medicum") until 29 August denied that it was indeed the plague, despite buboes being visible on the bodies of victims from the ship and in the town. The plague raged in Stockholm until 1711, affecting primarily women (45.3% of the dead) and children (38.7% of the dead) in the poorer quarters outside the Old Town. Of Stockholm's approximately 55,000, inhabitants, about 22,000 did not survive the plague.
From Stockholm, the plague in August and September 1710 spread to various other places in Uppland, including Uppsala and Enköping, and to Södermanland. The court was evacuated to Sala in August, the riksrådet to Arboga in September. While in Uppland the disease seemingly faded out in the winter, it continued, though with less intensity, to ravage the Uppland countryside throughout the whole year of 1711, infecting for instance Värmdö, Tillinge and Danmark parish. From Uppland, the plague spread southward. Jönköping lost 31% of its inhabitants in 1710 and 1711. Besides "bad air" (miasma), animals were believed to transmit the disease, and people were forbidden to keep domestic animals inside the built-up areas and ordered to kill stray pigs.
In September 1710, ships from Reval (Tallinn) carried the plague across the Gulf of Finland to Helsingfors (Helsinki), where it killed 1,185 inhabitants and refugees (two thirds of the population), and Borgå (Porvoo), where 652 people from in and around the town died. Ekenäs (Tammisaari) and Åbo (Turku), then the largest town on the Finnish coast, with a population of 6,000, were also infected in September 1710. 2,000 inhabitants and refugees died of the plague in Åbo by January 1711. The plague then spread northwards and between 1710 and 1711 infected the towns of Nystad (Uusikaupunki), Raumo (Rauma), Björneborg (Pori), Nådendal (Naantali), Jakobstad (Pietarsaari), Gamlakarleby (Kokkola) and Uleåborg (Oulo) as well as an abundance of rural communities up to a line between Uleåborg and Cajana (Kajana, Kajaani). As the actual cause of the plague was unknown, counter-measures included flight, dissection of buboes and the lighting of huge fires to reduce the air's humidity, which was thought to reduce the chance of being affected by the plague's "bad air."
The island of Gotland was also affected by the plague from 1710 to 1712. In its port town of Visby, the plague claimed more than 450 deaths, which was about one fifth of its population.
Zealand.
Already in 1708, the Danish "Politi- och Kommercekollegium" proposed shielding the Danish islands with a marine cordon sanitaire, with dedicated ports for inspection of incoming ships from the Baltic Sea and a quarantine station on Saltholm, a small island in the Sound between Copenhagen on Zealand (Sjælland) and Malmö in Scania. These measures were not implemented immediately, as the plague had not yet reached the Baltic coast. On 16 and 19 August 1709, however, the king ordered the implementation of a revised plan, and a quarantine station was built on Saltholm for goods and crews of ships coming to Denmark from the infected ports of Danzig and Königsberg, while their ships were meanwhile cleansed in Christianshavn; Dutch traders sailing from infected ports to the North Sea were to pay the Sound Dues on a special boat off the coast at Helsingør. When the plague did not arrive in Denmark, though, Saltholm effectively fell out of use by 3 July 1710, when only three people were left in the station. The main problem then was rather the lost Battle of Helsingborg and the aggressive type of typhus that the retreating Danish soldiers carried to Zealand from Scania.
When in the course of the Russian conquest of Livonia refugees carried the plague to Finland and Central Sweden, and on the southern shore of the Baltic the plague had arrived in Stralsund, the worried council of Lübeck sent alerting letters to the Danish government, which after a discussion lasting from 21 October to 7/8 November resulted in a government decision to renew the quarantine requirement. Saltholm was to be manned and equipped again, and the quarantine requirement was extended to ships from other infected ports.
It is unclear whether at that time the plague had already arrived in Zealand's northeastern port of Helsingør (Elsinore), where the Sound Dues were collected from entering ships and where a suspicious series of deaths was reported by the local health commission, allegedly starting with the death in the town on 1 October 1710 of a Dutch passenger arriving from Stockholm. According to Persson (2001), it is "difficult to determine whether their cases have actually been a matter of plague, even if the progress in my eyes seems very suspicious;" while Frandsen (2009) says that "I will risk my neck and postulate that the disease in Elsinore in the autumn of 1710 was not the plague but (as the barbers indicate) a form of typhus or spotted fever."
There are however no doubts concerning the outbreak of the plague in late November 1710 in the small village of Lappen just north of Helsingør, populated by fishermen, ferrymen and nautical pilots. The first death attributed to the plague was that of a fisherman's daughter on 14 November; the peak of the plague in Lappen was reached already on 23 December, and while it faded out there in January 1711, it had already spread to or continued in neighboring Helsingør. More than 1,800 people died in Helsingør in 1711, or roughly two thirds of its ~3,000 inhabitants.
Despite the precautions, the plague ultimatively spread from Helsingør to Copenhagen, where from June to November 1711, between 12,000 and 23,000 people died out of a population of ~60,000. Only on 19 September did the king decree that people from Zealand must not go to other Danish regions without a special passport; Zealand indeed remained the only Danish region with cases of the plague, except for Holstein (see below).
Scania and Blekinge.
In Scania (Skåne), the plague arrived on 20 (O.S.)/ 30 November 1710, when an infected Västanå boatman returned home from the navy. Scania had not yet fully recovered from the Scanian War when its population was further weakened by a measles epidemic in 1706, a crop failure and the outbreak of smallpox in 1708–1709, an invasion of the Danish army in 1709, the expulsion of this army after the battle of Helsingborg, followed by conscriptions into the Swedish army and an outbreak of typhus in 1710. While Scania was protected from an infection from the north by a cordon sanitaire between it and Småland, the plague came by sea and made landfall not only in Västanå, but also in January 1711 in Domsten in Allerum parish, where the locals had ignored the ban on contact with their relatives and friends on the Danish side of the Sound, most notably in the infected area around Helsingør (Elsinore); the third starting point for the plague in Scania was Ystad, where on 19 June an infected soldier arrived from Swedish Pomerania. The plague remained in Scania until 1713, probably 1714.
In Blekinge, the plague arrived in August 1710 by means of army movements from and to Karlskrona, the central Swedish naval base. By the beginning of 1712, about 15,000 soldiers and civilians had died not only in Karlskrona, but also in Karlshamn and other localities in Blekinge.
Bremen, Bremen-Verden, Hamburg and Holstein.
At the time of the Great Northern War, the northwest of the Holy Roman Empire was a patchwork with the Swedish dominion of Bremen-Verden located between the largely autonomous cities of Bremen and Hamburg, bordered to the south by the Electorate of Hanover, whose prince-elector George Louis became king of Great Britain in 1714, and to the north by the Duchy of Holstein, divided into Holstein-Glückstadt, ruled by the Danish king, and Holstein-Gottorp, whose duke Charles Frederick, a cousin and ally of Charles XII of Sweden, resided in Stockholm while Danish forces had occupied his share of the duchy only disturbed by Stenbock's march from Wakenstädt to Tønning in 1713. Hamburg and Bremen were crowded with refugees of war, and Bremen in addition was suffering from a smallpox epidemic that had caused the deaths of 1,390 children in 1711.
From Copenhagen, the plague had infected several places in Holstein, and while it is unclear whether Danish ships first brought it to Friedrichsort, Rendsburg or Laboe, and whether Schleswig and Flensburg were infected separately, it is established that it was the Danish army that brought the plague to Holstein. In addition to the ports, infected towns included Itzehoe, Altona, Kropp and Glückstadt, in Kiel, the plague was limited to the castle and spared the town. The plague also broke out in neighboring Bremen-Verden, whose capital, Stade, became infected by early July 1712 and on 7 September capitulated to the Danish forces who had entered Bremen-Verden on 31 July. The plague, as in formerly Swedish Livonia and Estonia, was a main reason for the defendants' surrender.
In the spring and summer of 1712, the plague also broke out in Gröpelingen on Bremish territory. The city council downplayed the plague cases in order not to impair trade, but set up a health commission and a pest house for quarantine measures. Isolation of the infected did not prevent the plague from spreading into Bremen, but reduced the resulting deaths, which in 1712 were "only" 56 in Gröpelingen, which had a population of 360, and 12 in Bremen, which had a population of 28,000. However, the plague returned to Bremen in 1713, killing another 180 people,
Hamburg was hit much more severely. When the plague had reached Pinneberg and Rellingen just north of the Hamburg territory in the summer of 1712, Hamburg restricted travel to the town, which the Danish king used as a pretext to encircle Hamburg with his forces and confiscate Hamburg vessels on the River Elbe, demanding 500,000 thalers (later reduced to 246,000 thalers) to make up for this alleged discrimination against his subjects in Altona. 12,000 Danish soldiers were moved before Hamburg's gates. When the plague broke out in Hamburg less than three weeks later, it was carried there from the Danish troops by a prostitute from Hamburg's "Gerkenshof" lane, where out of 53 people 35 fell ill and 18 died. The lane was blocked and isolated; however, the quarantine could not prevent the disease from spreading through the densely built-up neighborhoods. Among the dead was the plague doctor Majus, who belonged to those physicians who wore a beak-shaped mask containing a vinegar-soaked sponge to protect him against the miasma. In December, the plague faded out.
In January 1713, Stenbock's Swedish army marched through Hamburg and burned down the neighboring town of Altona, which in contrast to Hamburg had refused to pay a contribution. In Altona, the plague had killed 1,000 people, among them 300 Jews, while Hamburg remained free of the plague until July and did not take in refugees from Altona. Just a week after the Swedish army had marched through Hamburg, the Russian army led by Peter the Great entered the town. According to Frandsen (2009), the tsar "frolicked in Hamburg while his troops plundered the suburbs."
When in August 1713 the plague broke out again, it was much more severe than what Hamburg's inhabitants had experienced in 1712, and the meanwhile returned Danish army established a cordon sanitaire around the city. The cordon was supervised by Major von Ingversleben, who had dealt with the plague in Helsingør, and effectively prevented the plague from spreading to Holstein again. When the plague finally faded out in Hamburg in March 1714, ~10,000 people had died of the disease.
Habsburg Monarchy and Bavaria.
From Poland, there had been three incursions of the plague into Silesia (then belonging to the Bohemian Crown of the Habsburg Monarchy) in 1708: first into Georgenberg (Miasteczko), transmitted by a Cracow wagoner but successfully contained; then into Rosenberg (Olesno), where it killed 860 inhabitants out of 1,700; and also into two villages near Militsch (Milicz), from where it spread into the nearby lands of Wartenberg (Syców). After the Swedish defeat at Poltava in 1709, refugees from Poland including part of the Swedish-Polish corps of Joseph Potocki (called "Kiowski") crossed into the Silesian borderlands, but also their Russian pursuers. This resulted in the infection of 25 villages in the Oels (Oleśnica) and Militsch area, and while the plague seemed to have faded out by February 1710, it struck again and even more severe from spring 1710 to winter 1711, killing more than 3,000 inhabitants of Oels and many villagers. In 1712, the plague crossed into Silesia for a last time from Polish Zduny, infecting the village of Luzin near Oels and killing 14 people before it vanished in the beginning of 1713. Contemporary to the plague, there was also a cattle plague in Silesia.
The plague also spread to other territories of the Habsburg monarchy, though it was not involved in the Great Northern War. Territories affected in 1713 were Bohemia (where 37,000 died in Prague), and Austria, and the plague also struck Moravia and Hungary.
From the Habsburg territories, the plague crossed into the Electorate of Bavaria, infecting in 1713 also the Free Imperial Cities of Free Imperial City of Nuremberg and Ratisbon (Regensburg, then seat of the Perpetual Diet).

</doc>
<doc id="36692540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692540" title="Algeria at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Algeria at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Algeria competed in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from 29 August to 9 September 2012.
33 competitors participate at the 2012 Paralympics with 26 men and 7 women are accompanied by managers, coaches and other support staff.

</doc>
<doc id="36692546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692546" title="The Harappa Files">
The Harappa Files

The Harappa files is a 2011 graphic novel by Indian graphic artist Sarnath Banerjee. It is the author's third graphic novel after "Corridor" and The Barn Owl's Wondrous Capers. The book is introduced as a set of 'loosely bound graphic commentaries' produced in a period of three years. 
Plot.
The Greater Harappa Rehabilitation, Reclamation & Redevelopment Commission (GHRRR) is a secret committee of elite bureaucrats, historians, ethnographers, social scientists, law enforcers, retired diplomats and policymakers. The committee has had the responsibility of conducting a survey of the 'current ethnography and urban mythologies of a country on the brink of great hormonal changes.' The author Sarnath Banerjee is assigned by the committee to disseminate information about the findings. However, Banerjee is afraid that the Harappa Recommendations will eventually make it mandatory for all the citizens to sign a draconian form '28b'.
Selected 'Files'.
The files are fragmentary narratives dealing with commonplace cultural artifacts from a post-liberalized India. 
'Nano' talks about two friends Vipin Mathur and Naman Doshi who have known each other since childhood but are unable to meet because neither dares to cross the road. It dreams up a Delhi saturated with so many cars that pedestrians 'can finally cross the road' when the jam ceases to move. It goes on to discuss Jaguar's acquisition by Tata Motors.
'The Dept of Surplus Emotion' written in collaboration with Samit Basu equates bureaucrats to gargoyles and pays attention to the essential tools of the Indian bureaucracy: the Mystic Stone Paperweight, the Hermes Supersonic Pen, the Tringular Bermuda file, the Kumar Bros. Tiffin Carrier. 
'Jessie' talks about J.C. Bose, who in 1904, received patents for making microwave receivers to detect radio waves. But the news of Bose's discovery reached late due to bureaucratic delays and Banerjee stipulates this might have costed India a Nobel Prize. 
'Nehru's Children' talks about the over-reliance on remote, obscure General Knowledge and ends with a pastiche of the ubiquitous I.I.T. Tuition Classes' posters.
'Boroline', 'Calomine X', 'Lifebuoy, Bullworker, VICCO, discuss the signs and significations of the products and their advertisements. 
An excerpt: Jagat Bahadur smelled of Lifebuoy soap, as did the gardener, driver, cook and the entire canteen staff in my father's office. It was the smell of the working class... On the other hand, middle-class men like my father used Liril and played badminton on Sundays.
'Rakhaldas Banerjee's Plot' is a story of Girish, the psychic plumber, and tangentially, Rakhaldas Bandyopadhyay, the man credited to have discovered Mohenjo-daro. 
'Tea' places the text of an apocryphal tale about Bodhidharma's life with the images of a Tea auction.
'Single Malt, Single Woman' discusses how after a threesome there is disappointment since '...it is now one fantasy less.'

</doc>
<doc id="36692547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692547" title="The Gladiator (1938 film)">
The Gladiator (1938 film)

The Gladiator is a 1938 American comedy and fantasy film starring Joe E. Brown, Dickie Moore and June Travis. The movie is an adaptation of Philip Gordon Wylie's 1930 novel "Gladiator", which is often credited with having influenced the creation of Superman.
Plot.
A man returns to college and is talked into joining the football team. He is a real joke on the team, until he is given a drug that gives him super strength.
Production.
The movie reached theatres two months after the publication of the first appearance of Superman in a comic book.

</doc>
<doc id="36692553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692553" title="Jochen Wollmert">
Jochen Wollmert

Jochen Wollmert (b.November 22, 1964) is a German Paralympic table tennis player. 
He won his first individual Paralympic medal, a bronze, at the 1992 Summer Paralympics. Since then he has won individual gold at the 2000 Summer Paralympics and the 2008 Summer Paralympics (Results), along with other Paralympic medals and team golds. He won his third Gold Medal at the age of 47 at the 2012 Summer Paralympics (Results).

</doc>
<doc id="36692564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692564" title="Confédération africaine des travailleurs croyants (French West Africa and Togo)">
Confédération africaine des travailleurs croyants (French West Africa and Togo)

The Confédération africaine des travailleurs croyants ('African Confederation of Believing Workers', abbreviated C.A.T.C-A.O.F-Togo) was a trade union confederation in French West Africa and Togo. C.A.T.C-A.O.F-Togo was founded in Ouagadougou July 8–15, 1956 by the West African branches of the French trade union centre C.F.T.C. David Soumah became the first president of C.A.T.C-A.O.F-Togo.
Profile.
When adopting the name of the new, autonomous organization the word 'Christians' (used in the C.F.T.C name) was changed into the 'Believers', seeking to accommodate Muslim workers. However, C.A.T.C-A.O.F-Togo continued to be funded by the Catholic Church and became an affiliate of the International Federation of Christian Trade Unions.
Organization.
C.A.T.C-A.O.F-Togo had its headquarters in Dakar. The movement had its main strongholds in Togo, Dahomey and Upper Volta. C.A.T.C. was the dominant union movement in Upper Volta. Joseph Ouédraogo was the leader of the C.A.T.C branch in Upper Volta. Maurice Yaméogo, who later became the president of Upper Volta, had been active in C.A.T.C.
Relations with U.G.T.A.N.
C.A.T.C-A.O.F-Togo participated in the conference held in Cotonou on January 16, 1957, which founded the U.G.T.A.N trade union centre. C.A.T.C-A.O.F-Togo abstained from participating in the election to the provisional executive of U.G.T.A.N, claiming that they wished to confer with their member organizations on affiliation to the new pan-African organization. In the end C.A.T.C-A.O.F-Togo remained outside of U.G.T.A.N, as they wished to maintain their profile as a non-political union organization. Whilst U.G.T.A.N became the dominant force in the Francophone West African labour movement, with around 90% of the organized unions affiliated to it, C.A.T.C-A.O.F-Togo organized the majority of the non-U.G.T.A.N unions.
U.P.T.C.
In January 1959, C.A.T.C-A.O.F-Togo participated in the founding of a new regional organization, "Union panafricaine des travailleurs croyants" (U.P.T.C), chaired by the Congolese Gilbert Pongault. The C.A.T.C-A.O.F-Togo branches in French Soudan, Mauritania, Niger, Togo, Dahomey and Upper Volta became affiliated to U.P.T.C.
Legacy.
The Ivorian branch of C.A.T.C-A.O.F-Togo had separated from the regional organization, and became the "Centre national des travailleurs croyants de Côte d'Ivoire". The former regional branch of C.A.T.C-A.O.F-Togo in Dahomey was dissolved on November 17, 1962 as the Dahomeyan government had opted for a single-party system. C.A.T.C-Togo later assumed the name "Confédération togolaise des travailleurs croyants". The Upper Volta C.A.T.C would later become the "Confédération nationale des travailleurs du Burkina".

</doc>
<doc id="36692570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692570" title="Marko Dugandžić">
Marko Dugandžić

Marko Dugandžić (born 7 April 1994) is a Croatian football forward, currently playing for Osijek in the Prva HNL.

</doc>
<doc id="36692573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692573" title="Stunt Silva">
Stunt Silva

Stunt Silva (born 6 June 1973) is an Indian stunt actor and action director in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Hindi. He made his debut in the 2007 Telugu Film film Yama donga which was directed by S. S. Rajamouli.
His firm Silva Stunts has choreographed action scenes for movies in several languages.
Career.
Silva born on 6 June 1973 in India at Tuticorin town (South Tamil Nadu). He was interested in sports and action movies. He trained in karate and kung fu.
He also appeared in "Velayudham", "Mankatha", "Goa", "Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa", "Saroja", "Eeram", "Vaanam", "Osthi", and "Yaaradi Nee Mohini".
In 1997 Silva started his career as a professional stunt man in Indian film industry. Then he continued as stunt man for more than 40 movies in Tamil, Telugu, Kanada, Malayalam and Hindi films.
Assistant Action Choreographer.
In 2000 Silva became an assistant action choreographer to Peter Hein, working on Thirumalai, Anjaneya, Kaka Kaka, Aadhi, Jana Ponniyin Selvan Pudhukottaiel Irundhu Saravanan, Anniyan (Silva did the action sequences), 7/G Rainbow colony, Mazhai and Sivaji.
His work in Telugu films include Athadu, Gowri, Varsham, Chatrapathi, 7/G Brindavan Colony, Synakyudu, Povrnami, Garshana and Munna.
Silva became an assistant action choreographer to Power fast working on Vedham Sundara Travels
Action Director.
In 2007 Silva introduced as an Action Director ( Silva Stunts ) for the movie Yamadonga direct by S. S. Rajamouli

</doc>
<doc id="36692634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692634" title="Philippines at the 2013 Southeast Asian Games">
Philippines at the 2013 Southeast Asian Games

The nation Philippines competed at the 2013 Southeast Asian Games. The 27th Southeast Asian Games took place in Naypyidaw, the capital of Myanmar, as well as in two other main cities, Yangon and Mandalay.
Preparation.
According to Richie Garcia, the chairman of the Philippine Sports Commission (PSC), the 2013 SEA games has to give more attention due to the due to criticism of the country's delegation to the London Olympic Games which was allegedly influenced by the “Have money, will travel,” scheme. Composed of about 148 athletes, the Philippines' delegation to the SEA games includes a former medalist of SEA games in Palembang Indonesia.
After the exclusion of Olympic sports, the inclusion of indigenous sports such as vovinam, kempo and chinlone and the number of gold medals alloted was increased on sports where the host Myanmar deemed to have better chances of winning like dragon boat, the Philippines has decided to send a "token delegation" to Myanmar.
The Philippine Olympic Committee, has set a criteria to determine which athletes would be sent to the games. The committee used a gold medal criteria in its selection process. The committee insists that funding would not boost one team's bid to be included in the country's official delegation to the games. The Philippine Olympic Committee and Philippine Sports Commission did not gave the greenlight for the participation of the country's national u-23 football team due to “lack of international friendlies” base their qualifications on, drawing criticism. The women's football team was allowed to participate in the tournament.
Expectations.
Philippine Sports Commission chairman Richie Garcia expects the country to win at least 25 medals. The country's top officials sees a number of sports such as athletics, boxing, sailing, weightlifiting and wushu as potential sources for gold. Despite the low number of delegation the country has seen in years, Philippine Olympic Committee chairman Jose Cojuangco, expects the same finish for the country's representatives. He refuted criticisms on the number of delegates and insists that it is about the quality of athletes and not the number of athletes being sent to the games.
Broadcasting.
ABS-CBN was named the sole official broadcaster of the games in the Philippines, after the successful broadcast. But due to the expensive and non-free TV rights coming from Myanmar (The previous edition of the Games TV rights were free), the network only decided to air Basketball Men`s and Football Women's on a delayed basis. Other events including the Ceremonies were not aired. Studio 23 aired the games, which eventually closed down a month after and also one probable cause to free all airtime in the channel before shutting down.

</doc>
<doc id="36692650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692650" title="Efthymios Tsakaleris">
Efthymios Tsakaleris

Efthymios Tsakaleris (alternate spellings: Efthimios, Efthymis, Efthimis) (Greek: Ευθύμης Τσακαλέρης; born July 22, 1989) is a Greek professional basketball player. He is a 2.07 m (6 ft 9½ in) tall power forward-center.
Professional career.
Tsakaleris began his professional career with Panellinios in the Greek Basket League in 2009. He moved to PAOK in 2011. In 2012, he joined Aris.
Greek national team.
With Greece's junior national team, Tsakaleris won the gold medal at the 2009 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36692658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692658" title="Robert Foth">
Robert Foth

Robert Foth (born 1958) is an American sport shooter. He was born in Buffalo, New York. He won a silver medal in 50 metre rifle three positions at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="36692661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692661" title="Virgin Films">
Virgin Films

Virgin Films was a film production company of the early 1980s best known for making "1984" (1984). It was part of the Virgin Group and was headed by Al Clark. Nik Powell worked for the company before going over to Palace Films.
History.
Virgin Films first came to attention distributing "The Great Rock'n'Roll Swindle" (1980), in which they invested £150,000. They expanded into film production in the early 1980s, investing in the short, "A Shocking Accident" (1982) with Jenny Seagrove and Rupert Everett. This film wound up winning an Oscar and encouraged Richard Branson to expand into filmmaking, appointing Al Clark head of production. In 1983 Virgin announced they would invest £14 million in a series of movies.
Among their productions were "Electric Dreams" and "Secret Places". Their best known movie was an adaptation of "1984" (1984). There was controversy between Virgin and the makers of that film over Virgin's request to introduce a music score by Eurythmics. 
An investment in the notorious flop "Absolute Beginners" (1986) discouraged them from further involvement in the film world at the time.
At one stage they were connected with "Hellraiser" (1987).
In 2010 Virgin expanded into film making again with Virgin Produced.
References.
Walker, Alexander, "National Heroes: British Cinema in the Seventies and Eighties", Harrap 1986

</doc>
<doc id="36692676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692676" title="She'll Be Wearing Pink Pyjamas">
She'll Be Wearing Pink Pyjamas

"She'll Be Wearing Pink Pyjamas" is a 1985 British comedy film starring Julie Walters, Anthony Higgins and Alyson Spiro. It deals with the experiences of eight women from diverse backgrounds on an all-female survival course in the Lake District. It was released on DVD in the UK in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36692689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692689" title="Yury Postrigay">
Yury Postrigay

Yury Viktorovich Postrigay (, born 31 August 1988) is a Russian canoeist, who won Men's K-2 200 metres Gold Medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics with Alexander Dyachenko.

</doc>
<doc id="36692693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692693" title="Catene (1949 film)">
Catene (1949 film)

Catene (internationally released as Chains) is a 1949 Italian film in the Melodrama genre directed by Raffaello Matarazzo . It had an impressive commercial success, being seen by 6 million people, one in eight Italians of the time, and was followed by a series of other six successful films still directed by Matarazzo and featuring the couple Amedeo Nazzari and Yvonne Sanson. The film was remade in 1974.
Plot and outline.
A husband kills his wife's ex-boyfriend, who was blackmailing her. He flees to America, but is sent back to Italy to stand trial. The only way he can be set free is if his wife confesses to adultery – so the murder can be considered a crime of passion – but this estranges her from her family. Starring Amedeo Nazzari and actress of Greek origin Yvonne Sanson. Maligned by critics because it did not conform to precepts of neorealism, this did not prevent its unexpected box office success.

</doc>
<doc id="36692744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692744" title="Clarence Platt">
Clarence Platt

Clarence Platt (born 1873) was an American sport shooter. He was born in Camden, New Jersey. He won a gold medal in team clay pigeons at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="36692748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692748" title="Christoph Etzlstorfer">
Christoph Etzlstorfer

Christoph Etzlstorfer (born 1963) is an Austrian who has competed in the Paralympics since 1984. He has won eight medals, including a gold at the 2004 Summer Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36692758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692758" title="Sandy Bull &amp; The Rhythm Ace Live 1976">
Sandy Bull &amp; The Rhythm Ace Live 1976

Sandy Bull & The Rhythm Ace Live 1976 is a live album by folk guitarist Sandy Bull, released in 2012 through Drag City. It contains Bull's performance at the Berkeley Community Theatre on May 2, 1976. Many of the pieces performed were never recorded for his albums, making their debut appearance on this release.

</doc>
<doc id="36692784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692784" title="Hebei Finance University">
Hebei Finance University

Hebei Finance University (河北金融学院 Héběi Jinróng Xùeyuàn), formerly known as Hebei Finance College, is located in Baoding, Hebei Province, China. The university currently has an enrollment of 11,993, including 3,300 graduates and 8,600 undergraduates.
History.
Started on September 28, 1952, the former People's Bank of China directly under the financial institutions in North China is the only considerable size and distinctive financial professional characteristics of the economic class institutions of higher learning. Known as the reputation of "Whampoa Military Academy" in the north, northwest Chinese financial sector. In 2000 it was transferred to the People's Government of Hebei Province Education Department, the implementation of the central and local governments to build a local-based management system. School approved by the Ministry of Education in 2007, was promoted to the colleges - Hebei Finance College, was upgraded in 2011 for the master's degree institutions.
Campus.
The University campus covers an area of over 218 acres. It is well equipped with first-class facilities, notably in the areas of Finance and Economics. The University library has a collection of 830,000 books and 1,100 periodicals published at home and abroad.
Departments.
Finance Department 
Administration Department 
Account Department 
Insurance Department 
Economics and Trading Department 
Business Foreign Language Department 
Information Administration and Engineering Department 
Law Department 
Social Science Department 
Physical Education Department 
Basic Department 
Continuing Education Department
Foreign Language Department
International Education College
References.
HFU

</doc>
<doc id="36692793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692793" title="Our Lady of Victories, Kensington">
Our Lady of Victories, Kensington

In the Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, 235a Kensington High Street, in the middle of one of the busiest and most fashionable streets in Central London, stands the church of Our Lady of Victories, the one time Pro-Cathedral of the Archdiocese of Westminster.
It has historic links dating back centuries. Mass has been celebrated daily in Kensington since long before the Roman Catholic Faith was banned at the time of the Reformation.
Up to the Reformation, the last recorded Catholic parish priest for Kensington was Fr Thomas Batemanton in 1558.
The resumption of regular Catholic services commenced in 1794 after a break of nearly 250 years, as numerous French aristocrats, priests and nuns fled the terrors of the French Revolution and found a friendly and tolerant welcome in Kensington, and since the continuity of public Mass has been unbroken in the Parish ever since.
Prior to the re-opening of Catholic churches, Mass in this period was said in Catholic Embassies or in private houses when both priests and occupiers were in constant danger for practising their faith. In 1866 the Carmelites opened the first Catholic church in the district and three years later the parish church of Our Lady of Victories opened on 2 July 1869, the Feast of the Visitation, and became the Pro-Cathedral of the Archdiocese of Westminster.
The Cathedral Church of Westminster (in Victoria) as we know it today was not built until 1903 so until that time, Kensington’s church was the foremost Catholic church in England.
Many great occasions took place here. At Queen Victoria’s 50th Jubilee in 1887 High Mass was celebrated in the presence of Cardinal Manning, sung by the Papal Envoy and attended by all the Hierarchy and leading Catholics in England.
The following year, the jubilee of 50 years of priesthood of Pope Leo XIII was the occasion of another glittering assembly in the church, during which the famous “God Bless Our Pope” was sung for the first time in public. This hymn and another, “Sweet Sacrament Divine”, were composed by the curate of Our Lady of Victories, Fr Charles Cox.
On the night of September 13th 1940, German bombers struck. Four incendiary bombs landed on the roof of the church and in the short space of two and a half hours it was completely devastated and burned to the ground. The Blessed Sacrament was saved and taken by the priests to the nearby Carmelite Church.
Re-building was not permitted until well after the end of the war, so the parish was without a church for considerable length of time. Daily Mass and all services were maintained without a break, first in the local Odeon cinema, and then in the premises of Cavendish Furnishings – forever after known as “St Cavendish’s” by parishioners! – in the Convent of the Assumption in Kensington Square (where still many parish outreach and activities take place today), in the hall at the back of the burnt out church and finally in the local Congregational Church, Allan Street, leased to the parish with great goodwill.
A succession of parish priests – Canon Bagshawe, Mgr Kelleher and Fr Drumm – worked hard to raise funds for a new church. In 1952 the architect Adrian Gilbert Scott was commissioned by Canon Bagshawe to design a new church. On 16 April 1959 the rebuilt church of Our Lady of Victories, was once again opened as the Parish Church of Kensington by Cardinal Archbishop William Godfrey amidst great rejoicing.
The Consecration of the Church and Altar was performed by Bishop Derek Worlock, formerly curate in Kensington and later Archbishop of Liverpool, on the 26 May 1971 in the presence of Cardinal Heenan. 
A War Damage Commission grant enabled the creation of a set of stained glass windows by C F Blakeman. In the 1980s Fr Walter Drumm moved the large Bavarian crucifix above the sanctuary to the western aisle, where it serves as the twelfth Station of the Cross, and installed above the sanctuary a bronzed sculpture of the Risen Christ by Michael Clark, whose father, Lindsay, had sculpted the statue of Our Lady, help of Christians above the entrance arch on the High Street. Today the improvement works continue, the sculpture by Clark has been relocated and the empty space is waiting to be filled by a new piece. 
As with any building, improvement works are continuous. The current Parish Priest, Mgr Jim Curry and the building committee are currently overseeing upgrading of disabled access to the church and the renovation of the extensive community facilities which exist beneath the church.
The Parish of Our Lady of Victories is still continually partaking in a vast range social outreach initiatives from offering free tuition to all children in the area aged 8 - 18 (http://kandcyouth.com/tutor-plus/) to offering debt advice through its SVP society. All the activities of the parish can be found on its website, and are done as a Christian community in order to glorify and serve Our Lord Jesus Christ.
Parish website: http://ourladyofvictories.net/

</doc>
<doc id="36692827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692827" title="Catene (1974 film)">
Catene (1974 film)

Catene is a 1974 Italian melodramatic film directed by Silvio Amadio. The film is the remake of the 1949 top grossing film with the same title by Raffaello Matarazzo. It was a commercial failure, grossing about 60 millions of lire.

</doc>
<doc id="36692833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692833" title="Handi Ramdhan">
Handi Ramdhan

Handi Ramdhan is an Indonesian footballer who last played for Persija Jakarta (IPL) in the Indonesian Premier League as a defender.
He is also a Second sergeant in the Indonesian Air Force.
References.
Handi Ramdhan at persija-jakarta.com

</doc>
<doc id="36692839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692839" title="Dawid Tomala">
Dawid Tomala

Dawid Tomala (born August 27, 1989 in Tychy) is a Polish race walker. He represented his country at the 2012 Olympic Games in London finishing 19th in the 20 kilometers walk.
Personal bests.
Outdoor
Indoor

</doc>
<doc id="36692841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692841" title="John Black (sport shooter)">
John Black (sport shooter)

John Black (1882–1924) was a Canadian sport shooter. He was born in Coylton in South Ayrshire, Scotland. Competing for Canada, he won a silver medal in team clay pigeons at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="36692845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692845" title="3215th Drone Squadron">
3215th Drone Squadron

The 3215th Drone Squadron is an discontinued United States Air Force unit. It was last active with the 3205th Drone Group, based at Patrick Air Force Base, Florida. It was discontinued on 22 December 1958.
History.
Formed in April 1950, assuming B-17 Flying Fortress drone aerial target mission of the 550th Guided Missiles Wing. Operated QB/DB-17 Fortress drone and controller aircraft, providing aerial targets for surface-to-air and air-to-air missile development programs at Eglin AFB. Also used QF-80 Shooting Star jets for aerial gunnery targets for Air Defense Command interceptor squadrons. 
The squadron deployed elements to the Atomic Energy Commission (AEC) Nevada Test Site and Pacific Proving Grounds throughout the 1950s, flying drone Flying Fortresses though atomic and nuclear testing mushroom clouds with air sampling equipment and other instrumentation for post-detonation analysis. 
In April 1956, with the development of the IM-99 Bomarc surface-to-air missile, the squadron was moved from Eglin to Patrick AFB, Florida to support the Bomarc testing program. From Patrick, DB/QB-17s could take off and the missile could be test-fired from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Launch Complex 3 over the Atlantic Missile Range. One such trial on 23 October 1957 (Bomarc 624-11) saw the unarmed missile destroy a Flying Fortress target by a direct collision, more than 100 miles from the missile's launch point.
Squadron inactivated On 5 December 1958, but it was succeeded by the 3205th Drone Group, Detachment #1, which continued flying drone targets for Bomarc tests well into 1959. Once the IM-99A portion of the program was completed, drones were no longer required. Personnel of Detachment #1 departed for Eglin on 8 June 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="36692852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692852" title="William Barnes (sport shooter)">
William Barnes (sport shooter)

William Barnes (March 5, 1876 – December 16, 1925) was a Canadian sport shooter. Competing for Canada, he won a silver medal in team clay pigeons at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="36692860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692860" title="List of sauces">
List of sauces

The following is a list of culinary and prepared sauces used in cooking and food service.
By type.
Brown sauces.
Brown sauces include:
Hot sauces (Chile pepper-tinged sauces).
Hot sauces include:
By region.
Africa.
Sauces in African cuisine include:
Asia.
Southeast Asian sauces.
Oceania.
Sauces used in the Oceania region include:
Caucasus.
Sauces in Caucasian cuisine (the Caucasus region) include:
Great Britain.
Sauces in British cuisine include:
Middle East.
Sauces in Middle Eastern cuisine include:
South America.
Sauces in South American cuisine include:
By country.
Argentina.
Sauces in Argentine cuisine include:
Barbados.
Sauces in the cuisine of Barbados include:
Bolivia.
Sauces in Bolivian cuisine include:
Canada.
Sauces in Canadian cuisine include:
France.
In the late 19th century, and early 20th century, the chef Auguste Escoffier consolidated Carême's list to five mother sauces in French cuisine. They are:
Additional sauces of French origin include:
Georgia.
Sauces in Georgian cuisine include:
Germany.
Sauces in German cuisine include:
Greece.
Sauces in Greek cuisine include:
India.
Sauces in Indian cuisine include:
Indonesia.
Sauces in Indonesian cuisine include:
Iran.
Sauces in Iranian cuisine include:
Italy.
Sauces in Italian cuisine include:
Japan.
Sauces in Japanese cuisine include:
Korea.
Sauces in Korean cuisine include:
Libya.
Sauces in Libyan cuisine include:
Malaysia.
Sauces in Malaysian cuisine include:
Mexico.
Sauces in Mexican cuisine include:
Netherlands.
Sauces in Dutch cuisine include:
Philippines.
Sauces in Philippine cuisine include:
Portugal.
Sauces in Portuguese cuisine include:
Romania.
Sauces in Romanian cuisine include:
Russia.
Sauces in Russian cuisine include:
Spain.
Sauces in Spanish cuisine include:
Canary Islands.
Sauces used in the cuisine of the Canary Islands include:
Switzerland.
Sauces in Swiss cuisine include:
Thailand.
Sauces in Thai cuisine include:
United States.
Sauces in the cuisine of the United States include:
Puerto Rico.
Sauces in Puerto Rican cuisine include:

</doc>
<doc id="36692881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692881" title="Donald McMiken">
Donald McMiken

Donald McMiken (born 20 May 1942) is an Australian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36692882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692882" title="3225th Drone Squadron">
3225th Drone Squadron

The 3225th Drone Squadron is an discontinued United States Air Force unit. It was last active with the Air Force Missile Development Center, based at Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico. It was discontinued on 25 October 1963.
History.
Organized as "Detachment 1", 3201st Air Base Support Squadron, on 26 April 1950, taking over mission of 2d Guided Missiles Squadron (GMS), 550th Guided Missiles Wing. Operated QB/DB-17 Flying Fortress drone/director aircraft drones as flying targets for the early Army Nike Ajax surface-to-air missile or for the Hughes Falcon air-to-air missiles being tested at White Sands Missile Range. Also supplied aerial targets as needed by the Air Force Missile Development Center.
Upgraded to squadron level in 1953. Began operating BQM-34A Firebee Drones in 1957 to provide remote-controlled target aircraft for Center. The squadron would also support test projects and provide land recovery for target drones.
A notable moment in the squadron's history is that a Douglas/Long Beach DB-17P (Formerly B-17G-90-DL) 44-83684 flew the last operational mission by a USAF Flying Fortress on 6 August 1959.
Began operating Ryan Q2-C, the improved version of the first Firebee in 1960. It had more powerful engines, could climb faster and higher. Formally transferred to the Missile Development Center in 1961, operated Firebee drones and assisted in its development. Inactivated 1963 when program consolidated with Air Defense Command at Tyndall AFB, Florida. 

</doc>
<doc id="36692883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692883" title="Karanlıkdere">
Karanlıkdere

Karanlıkdere (former Asbuzu) is a town in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. At it is situated in Melendiz Mountain Mountain. Distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Karanlıkdere is 968 as of 2011. The settlement is probably 400 years old. It was founded by seven families from east. But ts original population also included a Christian minority as well. In 1998 Karanlıkdere was declared a seat of township. Main economic activity of the town is sheep and cattle breeding. Carpet weaving and scrap trading are other activities.

</doc>
<doc id="36692891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692891" title="Çukurkuyu, Niğde">
Çukurkuyu, Niğde

Çukurkuyu is a town in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. At it is situated in the plains of Central Anatolia, to the south of Melendiz Mountain. Distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Çukurkuyu is 2279 as of 2011. The village was founded by semi nomadic Turkmen tribes . In 1956 it was declared a seat of township. Agriculture is the main economic activity. Carpet weaving is secondary activity. Some town residents also work in Sugar refinery in Bor.

</doc>
<doc id="36692895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692895" title="Bayat, Bor">
Bayat, Bor

Bayat is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. At it is situated in theplains of Central Anatolia, to the south of Melendis Mountain. Distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Bayat is 425 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36692903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692903" title="Balcı, Bor">
Balcı, Bor

Balcı (formerly Cücü) is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. At it is situated in the southern slopes of Melendiz Mountain. Distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Balcı is 777 as of 2011. The village was founded in the Middle Ages by a rebellious commander of Karamanoğlu Beylik (a Turkmen principality between 13th-15thy centuries) in a remote valley of the mountain. But In 1940s the village was relocated following an earthquake. Main economic activities of the village are agriculture and beehiving. ( "Bal" means "honey") . Cerelas, sugar beet and fodder are the crops of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="36692912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692912" title="Robert Montgomery (sport shooter)">
Robert Montgomery (sport shooter)

Robert James Montgomery (born 20 September 1891) was a Canadian sport shooter. He was born in Lincoln, Ontario. Competing for Canada, he won a silver medal in team clay pigeons at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="36692915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692915" title="3235th Drone Squadron">
3235th Drone Squadron

The 3235th Drone Squadron is an discontinued United States Air Force unit. It was last active with the 3205th Drone Group, based at NAS Point Mugu, California. It was discontinued on 1 January 1957.
History.
Organized as "Detachment 2", 3201st Air Base Support Squadron, on 26 April 1950, Mission was to aintain and operate provide services and material to support operations of aviation activities and units. Operated QB/DB-17 Flying Fortress drone/director aircraft drones as flying targets for the Naval Point Mugu developmental and evaluation tests.
The unmanned B-17 drones were guided by pilots flying in motherhship B-17s and the drone aircraft were used as target practice by fighter jets using missiles. Since the missiles they used were without warheads the drones, when hit, were guided back to the ground. They were then repaired and reused for other missions, including ground to air attacks. 
Inactivated in 1957 with the end of the B-17 target drone program.

</doc>
<doc id="36692920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692920" title="Zen Chong">
Zen Chong

Zen Chong (; born Chong Jin Siang on August 15, 1978), previously known as Zzen Zhang, is a Singapore-based Malaysian actor.
Career.
Chong joined MediaCorp in 2001 after finishing third in that year's Malaysian edition of Star Search Singapore. One of his first major roles was in the 2003 sitcom "Lobang King" where he was cast alongside veteran artistes Chew Chor Meng, Huang Wenyong and Irene Ang as the smooth-talking employee of Huang's character. 
Chong is known for portraying juvenile "ah beng" characters, antiheroes and villains. He shot to fame for his role as a main antagonist in the hit period drama "The Little Nyonya". Although initially a replacement for Andrew Seow, he was praised for his convincing portrayal of antagonist Robert Zhang and won a Best Supporting Actor nomination at the 2009 Star Awards, his first ever awards nomination. He was given his first lead role in the 2008 co-production "The Thin Line".
Personal life.
A native of the gangster-infested "new villages" in Kuala Lumpur, Chong studied graphic design and worked at an advertising agency prior to joining Star Search Malaysia. He married his long-time girlfriend Geline in January 2011. Guests at the ceremony included fellow MediaCorp artistes Darren Lim, Christopher Lee, Brandon Wong, Alan Tern and Zhang Yaodong.

</doc>
<doc id="36692933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692933" title="A Morning with Farah">
A Morning with Farah

A Morning with Farah or Morning with Farah is a Pakistani Breakfast television show. The show originates from Islamabad and it is aired on a private television channel ATV from Monday to Friday from 09:05 AM to 10:00 AM Pakistan Standard Time. Farah Hussain is the host and executive producer and Zagham ul Islam is the director of the show. 
Format.
This is basically a light interview or chat show. Each episode has a live telephone call and features prominent personalities, fitness, self grooming and fashion tips, jewellery designs, delicious recipes etc.
Celebrity guests.
The show has featured a wide variety of celebrities ranging from actors, musicians, stand up comedians to politician, scholars etc. Here is a list of some celebrities who have been featured in this show
Celebration of Islamic festivals.
This show celebrates Islamic festivals like Ramadan, Jashne eid milad unnabi, Moharram with great respect.

</doc>
<doc id="36692940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692940" title="Blake Bartlett">
Blake Bartlett

Blake Bartlett (born 2 March 1993) is a Bahamian sprinter.
Bartlett won a bronze medal in the 100 and 200 metres at the 2012 Central American and Caribbean Junior Championships in Athletics in San Salvador.

</doc>
<doc id="36692953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692953" title="Rigveda">
Rigveda

The Rigveda (Sanskrit: ', a compound of ' "praise, verse" and ' "knowledge") is a sacred Indo-Aryan collection of Vedic Sanskrit hymns still being used in India. It is counted among the four canonical sacred texts ("śruti") of Hinduism known as the Vedas.
It is one of the oldest extant texts in any Indo-European language. Philological and linguistic evidence indicate that the Rigveda was composed in the north-western region of the Indian subcontinent, most likely between c. 1500–1200 BCE, though a wider approximation of c. 1700–1100 BCE has also been given.
The Rigveda contains several mythological and poetical accounts of the origin of the world, hymns praising the gods, and ancient prayers for life, prosperity, etc. Some of its verses are still recited as Hindu prayers, at religious functions and other occasions, putting these as the world's oldest religious texts in continued use.
Text.
The surviving form of the Rigveda is based on an early Iron Age (see dating below) collection that established the core 'family books' (mandalas 2–7, ordered by author, deity and meter ) and a later redaction, co-eval with the redaction of the other Vedas, dating several centuries after the hymns were composed. This redaction also included some additions (contradicting the strict ordering scheme) and orthoepic changes to the Vedic Sanskrit such as the regularization of sandhi (termed "orthoepische Diaskeuase" by Oldenberg, 1888).
As with the other Vedas, the redacted text has been handed down in several versions, most importantly the "Padapatha" that has each word isolated in pausa form and is used for just one way of memorization; and the "Samhitapatha" that combines words according to the rules of sandhi (the process being described in the "Pratisakhya") and is the memorized text used for recitation.
The "Padapatha" and the "Pratisakhya" anchor the text's fidelity and meaning and the fixed text was preserved with unparalleled fidelity for more than a millennium by oral tradition alone. In order to achieve this the oral tradition prescribed very structured enunciation, involving breaking down the Sanskrit compounds into stems and inflections, as well as certain permutations. This interplay with sounds gave rise to a scholarly tradition of morphology and phonetics. The Rigveda was probably not written down until the Gupta period (4th to 6th centuries AD), by which time the Brahmi script had become widespread (the oldest surviving manuscripts date to the Late Middle Ages). The oral tradition still continued into recent times.
The original text (as authored by the Rishis) is close to but not identical to the extant "Samhitapatha", but metrical and other observations allow to reconstruct (in part at least) the original text from the extant one, as printed in the Harvard Oriental Series, vol. 50 (1994).
Organization.
Mandala.
The text is organized in 10 books, known as Mandalas, of varying age and length.
The "family books": mandalas 2–7, are the oldest part of the Rigveda and the shortest books; they are arranged by length (increasing number of hymns per book) and account for 38% of the text. Within each book, the hymns are arranged in collections each dealing with a particular deity: "Agni" comes first, "Indra" comes second, and so on. Within each collection, the hymns are arranged in the descending order in the number of stanzas per hymn. If two hymns in the same collection have equal number of stanzas then they are arranged so that the number of syllables in the metre are in descending order.
The eighth and ninth mandalas, comprising hymns of mixed age, account for 15% and 9%, respectively. The first and the tenth mandalas are the youngest; they are also the longest books, of 191 suktas each, accounting for 37% of the text.
Sukta.
Each mandala consists of hymns called ' (', literally, "well recited, eulogy") intended for various sacrificial rituals. The s in turn consist of individual stanzas called ' ("praise", "pl." '), which are further analysed into units of verse called "" ("foot"). The meters most used in the are the jagati (a pada consists of 12 syllables), trishtubh (11), viraj (10), gayatri and anushtubh (8).
For pedagogical convenience, each mandala is synthetically divided into roughly equal sections of several sūktas, called ' ("recitation"), which modern publishers often omit. Another scheme divides the entire text over the 10 mandalas into ' ("eighth"), ' ("chapter") and ' ("class"). Some publishers give both classifications in a single edition.
The most common numbering scheme is by book, hymn and stanza (and pada "a", "b", "c" ..., if required). E.g., the first pada is
and the final pada is
Popular suktas include Purusha Sukta, Durga Sukta and Shree Sukta.
Recensions.
The major Rigvedic shakha ("branch", i. e. recension) that has survived is that of . Another shakha that may have survived is the , although this is uncertain. The surviving padapatha version of the Rigveda text is ascribed to Śākalya. The recension has 1,017 regular hymns, and an appendix of 11 "" hymns which are now customarily included in the 8th mandala (as 8.49–8.59), for a total of 1028 hymns. The recension includes 8 of these hymns among its regular hymns, making a total of 1025 regular hymns for this śākhā. In addition, the recension has its own appendix of 98 hymns, the Khilani.
In the 1877 edition of Aufrecht, the 1028 hymns of the Rigveda contain a total of 10,552 , or 39,831 padas. The Shatapatha Brahmana gives the number of syllables to be 432,000, while the metrical text of van Nooten and Holland (1994) has a total of 395,563 syllables (or an average of 9.93 syllables per pada); counting the number of syllables is not straightforward because of issues with sandhi and the post-Rigvedic pronunciation of syllables like súvar as svàr.
Rishis.
Tradition associates a rishi (the composer) with each of the Rigveda. Most sūktas are attributed to single composers. The "family books" (2–7) are so-called because they have hymns by members of the same clan in each book; but other clans are also represented in the Rigveda. In all, 10 families of rishis account for more than 95% of the ; for each of them the Rigveda includes a lineage-specific "" hymn (a special sūkta of rigidly formulaic structure, used for animal sacrifice in the soma ritual).
Manuscripts.
There are, for example, 30 manuscripts of Rigveda at the Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute, collected in the 19th century by Georg Bühler, Franz Kielhorn and others, originating from different parts of India, including Kashmir, Gujarat, the then Rajaputana, Central Provinces etc. They were transferred to Deccan College, Pune, in the late 19th century. They are in the Sharada and Devanagari scripts, written on birch bark and paper. The oldest of them is dated to 1464. The 30 manuscripts of Rigveda preserved at the Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute, Pune were added to UNESCO's Memory of the World Register in 2007.
Of these 30 manuscripts, 9 contain the samhita text, 5 have the padapatha in addition. 13 contain Sayana's commentary. At least 5 manuscripts (MS. no. 1/A1879-80, 1/A1881-82, 331/1883-84 and 5/Viś I) have preserved the complete text of the Rigveda. MS no. 5/1875-76, written on birch bark in bold Sharada, was only in part used by Max Müller for his edition of the Rigveda with Sayana's commentary.
Müller used 24 manuscripts then available to him in Europe, while the Pune Edition used over five dozen manuscripts, but the editors of Pune Edition could not procure many manuscripts used by Müller and by the Bombay Edition, as well as from some other sources; hence the total number of extant manuscripts known then must surpass perhaps eighty at least.
Contents.
The Rigvedic hymns are dedicated to various deities, chief of whom are Indra, a heroic god praised for having slain his enemy Vrtra; Agni, the sacrificial fire; and Soma, the sacred potion or the plant it is made from. Equally prominent gods are the Adityas or Asura gods Mitra–Varuna and Ushas (the dawn). Also invoked are Savitr, Vishnu, Rudra, Pushan, Brihaspati or Brahmanaspati, as well as deified natural phenomena such as Dyaus Pita (the shining sky, Father Heaven), Prithivi (the earth, Mother Earth), Surya (the sun god), Vayu or Vata (the wind), Apas (the waters), Parjanya (the thunder and rain), Vac (the word), many rivers (notably the Sapta Sindhu, and the Sarasvati River). The Adityas, Vasus, Rudras, Sadhyas, Ashvins, Maruts, Rbhus, and the Vishvadevas ("all-gods") as well as the "thirty-three gods" are the groups of deities mentioned.
The hymns mention various further minor gods, persons, phenomena and items, and contain fragmentary references to possible historical events, notably the struggle between the early Vedic people (known as Vedic Aryans, a subgroup of the Indo-Aryans) and their enemies, the Dasa or Dasyu and their mythical prototypes, the Paṇi (the Bactrian Parna).
Dating and historical context.
The Rigveda's core is accepted to date to the late Bronze Age, making it one of the few examples with an unbroken tradition. Its composition is usually dated to roughly between c.1500-1200 BCE.
Philological estimates tend to date the bulk of the text to the second half of the second millennium.
Being composed in an early Indo-Aryan language, the hymns must post-date the Indo-Iranian separation, dated to roughly 2000 BC. A reasonable date close to that of the composition of the core of the Rigveda is that of the Indo-Aryan Mitanni documents of c. 1400 BC. Other evidence also points to a composition close to 1400 BC
The "Rigveda" is far more archaic than any other Indo-Aryan text. For this reason, it was in the center of attention of western scholarship from the times of Max Müller and Rudolf Roth onwards. The "Rigveda" records an early stage of Vedic religion. There are strong linguistic and cultural similarities with the early Iranian Avesta, deriving from the Proto-Indo-Iranian times, often associated with the early Andronovo culture (or rather, the Sintashta culture within the early Andronovo horizon) of c. 2000 BC.
The text in the following centuries underwent pronunciation revisions and standardization (samhitapatha, padapatha). This redaction would have been completed around the 6th century BC. Exact dates are not established, but they fall within the pre-Buddhist period (400 BC).
Writing appears in India around the 3rd century BC in the form of the Brahmi script, but texts of the length of the Rigveda were likely not written down until much later. While written manuscripts were used for teaching in medieval times, they were written on birch bark or palm leaves, which decompose fairly quickly in the tropical climate, until the advent of the printing press from the 16th century CE. Some Rigveda commentaries may date from the second half of the first millennium CE. The hymns were thus preserved by oral tradition for up to a millennium from the time of their composition until the redaction of the Rigveda, and the entire Rigveda was preserved in shakhas for another 2,500 years from the time of its redaction until the "editio princeps" by Rosen, Aufrecht and Max Müller.
After their composition, the texts were preserved and codified by an extensive body of Vedic priesthood as the central philosophy of the Iron Age Vedic civilization. The Brahma Purana and the Vayu Purana name one "Vidagdha" as the author of the Padapatha. The Rk-pratishakhya names "Sthavira Shakalya" of the Aitareya Aranyaka as its author.
The "Rigveda" describes a mobile, semi-nomadic culture, with horse-drawn chariots, oxen-drawn wagons, and metal (bronze) weapons. The geography described is consistent with that of the Greater Punjab: Rivers flow north to south, the mountains are relatively remote but still visible and reachable (Soma is a plant found in the high mountains, and it has to be purchased from tribal people). Nevertheless, the hymns were certainly composed over a long period, with the oldest (not preserved) elements possibly reaching back to times close to the split of Proto-Indo-Iranian (around 2000 BC) Thus there was some debate over whether the boasts of the destruction of stone forts by the Vedic Aryans and particularly by Indra refer to cities of the Indus Valley civilization or whether they rather hark back to clashes between the early Indo-Aryans with the people represented by the Bactria–Margiana Archaeological Complex in what is now northern Afghanistan and southern Turkmenistan (separated from the upper Indus by the Hindu Kush mountain range, and some 400 km distant).
While it is highly likely that the bulk of the Rigvedic hymns were composed in the Punjab, even if based on earlier poetic traditions, there is no mention of either tigers or rice in the "Rigveda" (as opposed to the later Vedas), suggesting that Vedic culture only penetrated into the plains of India after its completion. Similarly, there is no mention of iron as the term ayas occurring in the Rig Veda refers to useful metal in general. The "black metal" () is first mentioned in the post-Rigvedic texts (Atharvaveda etc.). The Iron Age in northern India begins in the 10th century in the Greater Punjab. There is a widely accepted timeframe for the initial codification of the "Rigveda" by compiling the hymns very late in the Rigvedic or rather in the early post-Rigvedic period, including the arrangement of the individual hymns in ten books, coeval with the composition of the younger Veda Samhitas. This time coincides with the early Kuru kingdom, shifting the center of Vedic culture east from the Punjab into what is now Uttar Pradesh. The fixing of the samhitapatha (by keeping Sandhi) intact and of the padapatha (by dissolving Sandhi out of the earlier metrical text), occurred during the later Brahmana period.
Some of the names of gods and goddesses found in the "Rigveda" are found amongst other belief systems based on Proto-Indo-European religion, while words used share common roots with words from other Indo-European languages.
The horse (ashva), cattle, sheep and goat play an important role in the Rigveda. There are also references to the elephant (Hastin, Varana), camel (Ustra, especially in Mandala 8), ass (khara, rasabha), buffalo (Mahisa), wolf, hyena, lion (Simha), mountain goat (sarabha) and to the gaur in the Rigveda. The peafowl (mayura), the goose (hamsa) and the chakravaka ("Anas casarca") are some birds mentioned in the Rigveda.
Ancillary texts.
Rigveda Brahmanas.
Of the Brahmanas that were handed down in the schools of the "" (i.e. "possessed of many verses"), as the followers of the Rigveda are called, two have come down to us, namely those of the Aitareyins and the Kaushitakins. The "Aitareya-brahmana" and the "Kaushitaki-" (or "Sankhayana-") "brahmana" evidently have for their groundwork the same stock of traditional exegetic matter. They differ, however, considerably as regards both the arrangement of this matter and their stylistic handling of it, with the exception of the numerous legends common to both, in which the discrepancy is comparatively slight. There is also a certain amount of material peculiar to each of them.
The Kaushitaka is, upon the whole, far more concise in its style and more systematic in its arrangement features which would lead one to infer that it is probably the more modern work of the two. It consists of thirty chapters ("adhyaya"); while the Aitareya has forty, divided into eight books (or pentads, "pancaka"), of five chapters each. The last ten adhyayas of the latter work are, however, clearly a later addition though they must have already formed part of it at the time of Pāṇini (c. 5th century BC), if, as seems probable, one of his grammatical sutras, regulating the formation of the names of Brahmanas, consisting of thirty and forty adhyayas, refers to these two works. In this last portion occurs the well-known legend (also found in the Shankhayana-sutra, but not in the Kaushitaki-brahmana) of Shunahshepa, whom his father Ajigarta sells and offers to slay, the recital of which formed part of the inauguration of kings.
While the Aitareya deals almost exclusively with the Soma sacrifice, the Kaushitaka, in its first six chapters, treats of the several kinds of "haviryajna", or offerings of rice, milk, ghee, etc., whereupon follows the Soma sacrifice in this way, that chapters 7–10 contain the practical ceremonial and 11–30 the recitations ("shastra") of the hotar. Sayana, in the introduction to his commentary on the work, ascribes the Aitareya to the sage Mahidasa Aitareya (i.e. son of Itara), also mentioned elsewhere as a philosopher; and it seems likely enough that this person arranged the Brahmana and founded the school of the Aitareyins. Regarding the authorship of the sister work we have no information, except that the opinion of the sage Kaushitaki is frequently referred to in it as authoritative, and generally in opposition to the Paingya—the Brahmana, it would seem, of a rival school, the Paingins. Probably, therefore, it is just what one of the manuscripts calls it—the Brahmana of Sankhayana (composed) in accordance with the views of Kaushitaki.
Rigveda Aranyakas.
Each of these two Brahmanas is supplemented by a "forest book", or Aranyaka. The "Aitareyaranyaka" is not a uniform production. It consists of five books ("aranyaka"), three of which, the first and the last two, are of a liturgical nature, treating of the ceremony called "mahavrata", or great vow. The last of these books, composed in sutra form, is, however, doubtless of later origin, and is, indeed, ascribed by Hindu authorities either to Shaunaka or to Ashvalayana. The second and third books, on the other hand, are purely speculative, and are also styled the "Bahvrca-brahmana-upanishad". Again, the last four chapters of the second book are usually singled out as the "Aitareyopanishad", ascribed, like its Brahmana (and the first book), to Mahidasa Aitareya; and the third book is also referred to as the "Samhita-upanishad". As regards the "Kaushitaki-aranyaka", this work consists of 15 adhyayas, the first two (treating of the mahavrata ceremony) and the 7th and 8th of which correspond to the 1st, 5th, and 3rd books of the Aitareyaranyaka, respectively, whilst the four adhyayas usually inserted between them constitute the highly interesting "Kaushitaki (brahmana-) upanishad", of which we possess two different recensions. The remaining portions (9–15) of the Aranyaka treat of the vital airs, the internal Agnihotra, etc., ending with the "vamsha", or succession of teachers.
Medieval Hindu scholarship.
According to Hindu tradition, the Rigvedic hymns were collected by Paila under the guidance of Vyasa, who formed the Rigveda Samhita as we know it. According to the Shatapatha Brahmana, the number of syllables in the "Rigveda" is 432,000, equalling the number of muhurtas (1 day = 30 muhurtas) in forty years. This statement stresses the underlying philosophy of the Vedic books that there is a connection (bandhu) between the astronomical, the physiological, and the spiritual.
The authors of the Brahmanas literature discussed and interpreted the Vedic ritual. Yaska was an early commentator of the "Rigveda" by discussing the meanings of difficult words. In the 14th century, Sayana wrote an exhaustive commentary on it.
A number of other commentaries "s" were written during the medieval period, including the commentaries by Skandasvamin (pre-Sayana, roughly of the Gupta period), Udgitha (pre-Sayana), Venkata-Madhava (pre-Sayana, c. 10th to 12th centuries) and Mudgala Purana (after Sayana, an abbreviated version of Sayana's commentary).
In contemporary Hinduism.
Hindu revivalism.
Since the 19th and 20th centuries, some reformers like Swami Dayananda Saraswati, founder of the Arya Samaj, Sri Aurobindo among others have attempted to re-interpret the Vedas to conform to modern and established moral and spiritual norms. Dayananda considered the Vedas (which he defined to include only the "samhitas") to be source of truth, totally free of error and containing the seeds of all valid knowledge. Contrary to common understanding about Hinduism, he was adamant that Vedas were monotheistic and that they did not sanction idol worship. Starting 1877, he intended to publish commentary on the four vedas but completed work on only the Yajurveda, and a partial commentary on the Rigveda. Dayanand did not develop the keys found in the mantras for the representation of Vedic words. He therefore took recourse to these works and composed them in his Vedic commentaries. Dayananda's work has been reviewed by a number of Vedic scholars and Indologist, Moriz Winternitz applauded him for the "great merit in having given a strong impulse to vedic studies", while Louis Renou dismissed it as, "a vigorous (and from our point of view, extremely aberrant) interpretation in the social and political sense."
Dayananda and Aurobindo moved the Vedantic perception of the "Rigveda" from the original ritualistic content to a more symbolic or mystical interpretation. For example, instances of animal sacrifice were not seen by them as literal slaughtering, but as transcendental processes.
"Indigenous Aryans" debate.
Questions surrounding the Rigvedic Sarasvati River and the Nadistuti sukta in particular have become tied to an ideological debate on the Indo-Aryan migration (termed "Aryan Invasion Theory") versus the claim that Vedic culture, together with Vedic Sanskrit, originated in the Indus Valley Civilization (termed "Out of India theory"), a topic of great significance in Hindu nationalism, addressed for example by K. D. Sethna and in Shrikant G. Talageri's . Subhash Kak (1994) claimed that there is an "astronomical code" in the organization of the hymns. Bal Gangadhar Tilak, also based on astronomical alignments in the Rigveda, in his "The Orion" (1893) had claimed presence of the Rigvedic culture in India in the 4th millennium BC, and in his "The Arctic Home in the Vedas" (1903) even argued that the Aryans originated near the North Pole and came south during the ice age.
Debate on alternative suggestions on the date of the Rigveda, typically much earlier dates, are mostly taking place outside of scholarly literature. Some writers out of the mainstream claim to trace astronomical references in the Rigveda, dating it to as early as 4,000 BC, a date well within the Indian Neolithic. Publications to this effect have increased during the late 1990s to early 2000s in the context of historical revisionism in Hindu nationalism, notably in books published by Voice of India.
Translations.
The first published translation of any portion of the Rigveda in any Western language was into Latin, by Friedrich August Rosen ("Rigvedae specimen", London 1830). Predating Müller's "editio princeps" of the text, Rosen was working from manuscripts brought back from India by Colebrooke.
H. H. Wilson was the first to make a complete translation of the Rig Veda into English, published in six volumes during the period 1850–88. Wilson's version was based on the commentary of . In 1977, Wilson's edition was enlarged by Nag Sharan Singh (Nag Publishers, Delhi, 2nd ed. 1990).
In 1889, Ralph T.H. Griffith published his translation as "The Hymns of the Rig Veda", published in London (1889).
A German translation was published by Karl Friedrich Geldner, "Der Rig-Veda: aus dem Sanskrit ins Deutsche Übersetzt", Harvard Oriental Studies, vols. 33–37 (Cambridge, Massachusetts: 1951-7).
Geldner's translation was the philologically best-informed to date, and a Russian translation based on Geldner's by Tatyana Elizarenkova was published by Nauka 1989–1999
A 2001 revised edition of Wilson's translation was published by Ravi Prakash Arya and K. L. Joshi. The revised edition updates Wilson's translation by replacing obsolete English forms with more modern equivalents, giving the English translation along with the original Sanskrit text in Devanagari script, along with a critical apparatus.
In 2004 the United States' National Endowment for the Humanities funded Joel Brereton and Stephanie W. Jamison as project directors for a new original translation to be issued by Oxford University Press.
Numerous partial translations exist into various languages. Notable examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="36692964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692964" title="FK Fatran Dolná Tižina">
FK Fatran Dolná Tižina

FK Fatran Dolná Tižina is a Slovak association football club located in Dolná Tižina. It currently plays in Majstrovstvá regiónu.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are blue and white or yellow-white.

</doc>
<doc id="36692966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692966" title="Mylie Fletcher">
Mylie Fletcher

Mylie Fletcher was a Canadian sports shooter. Competing for Canada, he won a silver medal in team trap shooting at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. 

</doc>
<doc id="36692971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692971" title="IDEmøbler">
IDEmøbler

IDEmøbler is a Danish chain of furniture stores, founded in 1969. In some countries, it is known by the name of its holding company IDesign. The company runs over 30 stores in Denmark and has subsidiaries and affiliates in the Nordic Countries and the Middle East.

</doc>
<doc id="36692983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692983" title="Solar Hijri calendar">
Solar Hijri calendar

The Solar Hijri calendar (, ), also called the Shamsi Hijri calendar, and abbreviated as SH, is the official calendar of Iran and Afghanistan. It begins on the vernal equinox as determined by astronomical calculations for the Iran Standard Time meridian (52.5°E or GMT+3.5h). This determination of starting moment is more accurate than the Gregorian calendar for predicting the date of the vernal equinox, because it uses astronomical calculation rather than mathematical rules.
Each of the twelve months corresponds with a zodiac sign. The first six months have 31 days, the next five have 30 days, and the last month has 29 days in usual years but 30 days in leap years. The year of Prophet Muhammad's migration to Medina (622 CE) is fixed as the first year of the calendar, and the New Year's Day always falls on the March equinox.
In Iran.
On 21 February 1911, the second Persian parliament adopted as the official calendar of Iran the Jalālī sidereal calendar with months bearing the names of the twelve constellations of the zodiac and the years named for the animals of the duodecennial cycle; it remained in use until 1925. The present Iranian calendar was legally adopted on 31 March 1925, under the early Pahlavi dynasty. The law said that the first day of the year should be the first day of spring in "the true solar year", "as it has been" ever so. It also fixed the number of days in each month, which previously varied by year with the sidereal zodiac. It revived the ancient Persian names, which are still used. It specified the origin of the calendar (Hegira of Muhammad from Mecca to Medina in 622 CE). It also deprecated the 12-year cycles of the Chinese-Uighur calendar which were not officially sanctioned but were commonly used.
The first six months (Farvardin–Shahrivar) have 31 days, the next five (Mehr–Bahman) have 30 days, and the last month (Esfand) has 29 days or 30 days in leap years. This is a simplification of the Jalali calendar, in which the commencement of the month is tied to the sun's passage from one zodiacal sign to the next. The sun is travelling fastest through the signs in early January (Dey) and slowest in early July (Tir). The current time between the vernal equinox and the autumnal equinox is about 186 days and 10 hours, the opposite duration about 178 days, 20 hours).
The Solar Hijri calendar () produces a five-year leap year interval after about every seven four-year leap year intervals. It usually follows a 33-year cycle with occasional interruptions by single 29-year or 37-year subcycles. The reason for this behaviour is (as explained above) that it tracks the observed vernal equinox. By contrast, some less accurate predictive algorithms are suggestion based on confusion between average tropical year (365.2422 days, approximated with near 128-year cycles or 2820-year great cycles) and the mean interval between spring equinoxes (365.2424 days, approximated with a near 33-year cycle).
In 1976, Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi changed the origin of the calendar, using the beginning the reign of Cyrus the Great as the first day, rather than the Hejra of Muhammad. Overnight, the year changed from 1355 to 2535. The change lasted till the Islamic Revolution in Iran, 1979; at which time the calendar was reverted to Solar Hijri.
In Afghanistan.
Afghanistan legally adopted the official Jalali calendar in 1922 but with different month names. The Dari Persian language in Afghanistan uses Dari names of the zodiacal signs, while the Pashto language in Afghanistan uses the Pashto names of the zodiacal signs. The Solar Hijri calendar is the official calendar of the government of Afghanistan, and all national holidays and administrative issues are fixed according to the Solar Hijri calendar.
Details of the modern calendar.
The Solar Hijri calendar year begins at the start of Spring in the northern hemisphere: on the midnight between the two consecutive solar noons which include the instant of the Northern spring equinox, when the sun enters the northern hemisphere. Hence, the first noon is on the last day of one calendar year and the second noon is on the first day (Nowruz) of the next year.
Month names.
The first day of the calendar year is also the day of the greatest festival of the year in Iran, Afghanistan and surrounding regions, called norooz (two morphemes: (new) and (day), meaning "new day"). The celebration is filled with many festivities and runs a course of 13 days. The last day of which is called siz-dah bedar (Literal translation-"13 to outdoor")
(*) The month names are the signs of Zodiac. They were used in Iran in early 20th century when the solar calendar was being used. The names are in fact the Arabic names for signs of Zodiac, please see دائرة البروج.
Days of the week.
In the Iranian calendar, every week begins on Saturday and ends on Friday. The names of the days of the week are as follows: "shambe" (natively spelled "shanbeh", ), "yekshambe", "doshambe", "seshambe", "chæharshambe", "panjshambe" and "jom'e" ("yek", "do", "se", "chæhar", and "panj" are the Persian words for the numbers one through five). The name for Friday, "jom'e", is Arabic (). "Jom'e" is sometimes referred to by the native Persian name, "adineh" (). In most Islamic countries, Friday is the weekly holiday.
Calculating the day of the week is easy, using an anchor date. One good such date is Sunday, 1 Farvardin 1372, which equals 21 March 1993. Assuming the 33-year cycle approximation, move back by one weekday to jump ahead by one 33-year cycle. Similarly, to jump back by one 33-year cycle, move ahead by one weekday.
As in the Gregorian calendar, dates move forward exactly one day of the week with each passing year, except if there is an intervening leap day when they move two days. The anchor date 1 Farvardin 1372 is chosen so that its 4th, 8th, ..., 32nd anniversaries come immediately after leap days, yet the anchor date itself does not immediately follow a leap day.
Solar Hijri and Gregorian calendars.
The Solar Hijri year begins about 21 March of each Gregorian year and ends about 20 March of the next year. To convert the Solar Hijri year into the equivalent Gregorian year add 621 or 622 years to the Solar Hijri year depending on whether the Solar Hijri year has or has not begun.
Correspondence of Solar Hijri and Gregorian calendars (Solar Hijri leap years are marked *)
Solar Hijri algorithmic calendar.
Solar Hijri (Persian) calendar is one of the oldest calendars in the world, as well as the most accurate solar calendar in use today. Since the calendar uses astronomical calculation for determining the vernal equinox, it has no intrinsic error, but this makes it an observation based calendar. Ahmad Birashk proposed an alternative means of determining leap years. His technique avoids the need to determine the moment of the astronomical equinox, replacing it with a very complex leap year structure. Years are grouped into cycles which begin with four normal years after which every fourth subsequent year in the cycle is a leap year. Cycles are grouped into grand cycles of either 128 years (composed of cycles of 29, 33, 33, and 33 years) or 132 years, containing cycles of 29, 33, 33, and 37 years. A great grand cycle is composed of 21 consecutive 128-year grand cycles and a final 132 grand cycle, for a total of 2820 years. The pattern of normal and leap years which began in 1925 will not repeat until the year 4745.
Accuracy.
Each 2820 year great grand cycle contains 2137 normal years of 365 days and 683 leap years of 366 days, with the average year length over the great grand cycle of 365.24219852. This average is just 0.00000026 day shorter than the mean tropical year of 365.24219878 days, but differs considerably more from the mean vernal equinox year of 365.242362 days, which means that the new year, intended to fall on the vernal equinox, would drift by half a day over the course of a cycle.

</doc>
<doc id="36693010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693010" title="FK Sitno Banská Štiavnica">
FK Sitno Banská Štiavnica

FK Sitno Banská Štiavnica is a Slovak association football club located in Banská Štiavnica. It currently plays in Majstrovstvá regiónu.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are white-blue and red-white.

</doc>
<doc id="36693019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693019" title="Tarkany Muvek">
Tarkany Muvek

Tárkány Művek are a group of young musicians from Budapest, Hungary. Their sound welds traditional Hungarian folk with classical music and avant garde jazz.
About.
The band was founded in 2007 and led by Bálint Tárkány-Kovács. Tárkány Művek released its first album in May, 2010 and quickly became the one of the most popular and celebrated young folk bands of Hungary. The songs of the album "You Etched Your Face in Mine" have created a new musical language which can be easily described as the new pathway of Hungarian contemporary folk. Jazz given to Balkan tastes, chansons and folk songs have led to astonishing tunes. Musical themes are usually taken from traditional folk songs and the never heard instrumentation makes Tárkány Művek non-replaceable. This special sound in folk of dulcimer, saxophone, viola and bass are enriched with female vocals which make these folk tunes unforgettable.

</doc>
<doc id="36693050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693050" title="Jorma Hotanen">
Jorma Hotanen

Jorma Hotanen (born 15 September 1936) is a Finnish modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36693060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693060" title="EvoL">
EvoL

EvoL (Korean: ) is a five-member girl group from South Korea created by Cho PD under the label Stardom. They released their debut EP and music video for the track "우린 좀 달라 (We Are A Bit Different)" on August 10, 2012. They made their comeback with second mini album "The Second EvoLution" in March of 2013, with title track "Get Up".
History.
Pre-debut.
In March 2012, Cho PD announced the upcoming girl group. Although initially intended to debut in April through a variety show, their debut date was changed to August 2012. The group garnered much interest prior to their debut from both domestic and international fans. The group went through member changes before the final line-up was released. Current members Say and J-Da made an appearance in labelmate Block B's music video "NanlinA", alongside two other former members of the group, Song Kwanghee and Lee Dasom, the latter who was formerly a member of the girl group Tahiti. Jucy was also an underground rapper known as "Juni.J", and had released a few tracks of her own, having penned her own lyrics.
On July 12, 2012, EvoL's first audio teaser was released, followed by a series of both video and audio teasers that showcased a sample of songs from their EP.
2012: Debut, "We Are A Bit Different".
On August 10, 2012 the group released their EP "폭파해줘! (Let Me Explode!)" and an MV for the single "우린 좀 달라 (We Are A Bit Different)". The album consists of five tracks and is available on CD and also for digital download.
On August 16, 2012, EvoL made their stage debut with their single "우린 좀 달라 (We Are A Bit Different)" on M!Countdown.
2013: "Second Evolution".
On December 13, 2012, Say tweeted a photo of herself and the other members, with the caption: "It's New EVOL! 보고싶어 많이많이 Guyz how do u do~we miss u so so much..Thanks 4 waiting us. We'll meet u r expectation soon".
On March 6th, 2013, EvoL announced their official comeback set for March 18th. Stardom Entertainment also released two teaser images of Leader Say & Lead Vocalist Hayana. 
Following Say and Hayana‘s comeback teasers, EvoL have revealed the concept photos for J-DA, Yull, and Jucy. EvoL with release several tracks from their 2nd mini-album ‘Second Evolution’ on March 18th at noon, with the digital album release on March 19th. The offline release of the album was set for March 20th. EvoL showed their “crab dance” choreography in music video for their title track “Get Up“ and released a short 30-second clip teaser of member J-DA riding a mechanical bull.

</doc>
<doc id="36693063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693063" title="Kang Tai">
Kang Tai

Kang Tai (康泰) was a Chinese traveller in the middle of the third century from the state of Eastern Wu. He is known for his travels to Southeast Asia in which he became one of the first Chinese, along with Zhu Ying (朱應), to document the existence of the kingdom known as Funan in Chinese records. He was reportedly impressed with the accomplishments of Funan as well as with its capital city and reported that the written language of Funan bore similarities to Indian script.

</doc>
<doc id="36693064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693064" title="Cristoforo Colombo (disambiguation)">
Cristoforo Colombo (disambiguation)

Cristoforo Colombo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36693065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693065" title="CdZ-Gebiet Lothringen">
CdZ-Gebiet Lothringen

The CdZ-Gebiet Lothringen () was an administrative division of the Gau Westmark from 1940 to 1945.
History.
After the outbreak of the Second World War and the defeat of France in 1940, the "département" of Moselle, renamed "CdZ-Gebiet Lothringen", was added to the Gau Westmark on 30 November 1940. In Nazi Germany, a "CdZ-Gebiet" was the name for a new German territory, under civil administration. This territory was under the authority of Josef Bürckel, "Reichskommissar" and "Gauleiter".
The "CdZ-Gebiet Lothringen" was in the southern part of Gau Westmark. It corresponds exactly to the current "département" of Moselle. The capital of "CdZ-Gebiet Lothringen" was Metz. It comprised the subdistricts ("Kreise") of :

</doc>
<doc id="36693066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693066" title="Zamzama Park">
Zamzama Park

Zamzama Park, is a 26 acre park located in the Defence Housing Authority area in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It has jogging tracks, walking paths, roller blading enclosure, refreshment stand, and playground. 
Zamzama is a posh locality situated in the Clifton Town in Karachi the largest city of Pakistan. It is a highly developed commercial area with residential accommodation as well. Famous branded shops are in this area.

</doc>
<doc id="36693070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693070" title="John Postans">
John Postans

John Postans (1869 – 9 January 1958) was a British sport shooter. He was born in Suffolk. Competing for Great Britain, he won a gold medal in team trap shooting at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36693081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693081" title="Kari Kaaja">
Kari Kaaja

Kari Kaaja (born 6 April 1941) is a Finnish modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36693090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693090" title="Peter Easte">
Peter Easte

Peter Easte was a British sport shooter. Competing for Great Britain, he won a gold medal in the team trap shooting at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36693094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693094" title="Keijo Vanhala">
Keijo Vanhala

Keijo Vanhala (7 July 1940 – 5 June 2003) was a Finnish modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36693103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693103" title="Barrie Dyer">
Barrie Dyer

Barrie Dyer is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country in the 1975 World Cup.
Playing career.
Dyer played in the Auckland Rugby League competition. In 1974 he played for Auckland when they defeated Great Britain 11-2. In 1975 he was part of Auckland sides who defeated France 9-3 and lost to Australia 6-17.
He was selected for the New Zealand Kiwis squad for the 1975 World Cup but did not play a match at the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36693108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693108" title="Vyadhapura">
Vyadhapura

Vyadhapura was a city located along the Mekong River, likely in what is now known as Cambodia in the province of Prey Veng. It was capital of the Kingdom of Funan early in its history. Chinese reports indicated that it was about 120 miles from the sea.
The modern name in Khmer is "Banteay Prey Nokor".

</doc>
<doc id="36693117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693117" title="Ismaël Coulibaly">
Ismaël Coulibaly

Ismaël Coulibaly is a Malian taekwondo practitioner who born November 20, 1990 in Bamako, Mali. He participated and won the Bronze medal in the Lightweight division (−74 kg) at the 2011 World Taekwondo Championships, which was held in Gyeongju, South Korea on May 4 and May 5.

</doc>
<doc id="36693125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693125" title="Samaveda">
Samaveda

The Sama Veda, Samveda, or Samaveda (Sanskrit: सामवेदः, "sāmaveda", from ' "melody" and ' "knowledge"), is the third of the four Vedas, the ancient core Hindu scriptures, along with the Rig Veda, Yajur Veda, and Atharva Veda. It ranks next in sanctity and liturgical importance to the Rigveda. It consists of a collection (samhita) of hymns, portions of hymns, and detached verses, all but 75 taken from the Sakala Sakha of the Rigveda, the other 75 belong to the Bashkala Sakha, to be sung, using specifically indicated melodies called "Samagana", by Udgatar priests at sacrifices in which the juice of the Soma plant, clarified and mixed with milk and other ingredients, is offered in libation to various deities.
While its earliest parts are believed to date from as early as 1700 BCE (the Rigvedic period), the existing compilation dates from the post-Rigvedic Mantra period of Vedic Sanskrit, c. 1200 or 1000 BCE, in the early Kuru Kingdom, roughly contemporary with the Atharvaveda, the Yajurveda, and the Rigvedic Khilani. The verses have been transposed and re-arranged, without reference to their original order, to suit the rituals in which they were to be employed. There are frequent variations from the text of the Rigveda that are in some cases glosses but in others offer an older pronunciation than that of the Rigveda (such as for common [e). When sung the verses are further altered by prolongation, repetition and insertion of stray syllables (stobha), as well as various modulations, rests and other modifications prescribed in the song-books (Ganas). Sama
Recensions.
R. T. H. Griffith says that there are three recensions of the text of the Samaveda Samhita:
While the Kauthuma recension has been published (Samhita, Brahmana, Shrautasutra and ancillary Sutras, mainly by the late B.R. Sharma), parts of the Jaiminiya tradition remain unpublished. There is an edition of the first part of the Samhita by W. Caland and of the Brahmana by Raghu Vira and Lokesh Chandra, as well as the neglected Upanishad, but only parts of the Shrautasutra. The song books remain unpublished and the tradition is rapidly fading. However, an edition is now being prepared by some well-known Samaveda specialists.

</doc>
<doc id="36693127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693127" title="James Pike (sport shooter)">
James Pike (sport shooter)

James Pike was a British sport shooter. Competing for Great Britain, he won a gold medal in team trap shooting at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36693130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693130" title="ŠK LR Crystal Lednické Rovne">
ŠK LR Crystal Lednické Rovne

ŠK LR Crystal Lednické Rovne is a Slovak association football club located in Lednické Rovne. It currently plays in Majstrovstvá regiónu.
Current squad.
"As of 8 October 2012"
Colors and badge.
Its colors are dark blue.

</doc>
<doc id="36693135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693135" title="Coen Maertzdorf">
Coen Maertzdorf

Coen Maertzdorf (born 24 August 1993) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays for De Graafschap. He made his debut for De Graafschap on August 10 in the home match versus Excelsior. He replaced Soufian El Hassnaoui in the second half.

</doc>
<doc id="36693136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693136" title="Frank Moore (sport shooter)">
Frank Moore (sport shooter)

Frank Moore was a British sport shooter. Competing for Great Britain, he won a gold medal in team trap shooting at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36693177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693177" title="Christoff Bryan">
Christoff Bryan

Christoff Bryan (born 26 April 1996) is a Jamaican high jumper.
He won a gold medal at the 2012 Central American and Caribbean Junior Championships in Athletics in San Salvador.He broke the Jamaica Issa Boys&Girls Championships High Jump record on March 16,2013 earning him a gold medal for himself and Wolmer's Boys High School. 

</doc>
<doc id="36693183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693183" title="Harold Creasey">
Harold Creasey

Harold Creasey (1883–1952) was a British sport shooter. He was born in Leicester. Competing for Great Britain, he won a bronze medal in team trap shooting at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36693189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693189" title="Bridge Street Bridge">
Bridge Street Bridge

Bridge Street Bridge may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36693196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693196" title="Richard Hutton (sport shooter)">
Richard Hutton (sport shooter)

Richard Hutton was a British sport shooter. Competing for Great Britain, he won a bronze medal in team trap shooting at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36693203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693203" title="Fonó Folk Band">
Fonó Folk Band

The Fonó Folk Band is a Hungarian folk band, playing traditional Hungarian music.
History.
Fonó Folk Band was founded in 1997 in Budapest. Its members are musicians from around Hungary and its various historical regions such as the Hungarian-minority areas of Slovakia and Ukraine, who have devoted their careers to performing, teaching and researching traditional folk music. Their repertoire consist of Magyar and other Carpathian-Basin peoples' instrumental and vocal music, and authentic arrangements in these traditions. The members of the band themselves collect folk music - an experience they use to boost the band's repertoire.

</doc>
<doc id="36693213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693213" title="St Michael and All Angels Church, Hawkshead">
St Michael and All Angels Church, Hawkshead

St Michael and All Angels Church, Hawkshead, is located in the village of Hawkshead, Cumbria, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Windermere, the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness, and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of four local parishes to form the Benefice of Hawkshead with Low Wray and Sawrey and Rusland and Satterthwaite. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. Hyde and Pevsner, in the "Buildings of England" series, describe it as being "one of the best Lake District churches".
History.
A chapel existed on the site in the 12th century, which was extended to the length of the present church in about 1300. The north and south aisles were added in 1500. In 1578 its status was raised from being a chapelry that of a parish; credit for this has been given to Edwin Sandys, who was born in the village, and who became Archbishop of York. The roof of the nave was raised in 1585, and the clerestory was created. In about 1793 a vestry and hearse house were built. In 1680 James Addison, from the village of Hornby in the Lune Valley, was commissioned to clean the interior walls of the church, to paint 26 biblical texts with decorative borders, and to paint borders round the pillars and arcades. These were repainted in 1711–12 by William Mackerath, who added a list of churchwardens, and a text in local dialect near the pulpit. These were restored in 1875 by William Bolton. Between 1875 and the end of the century, rendering was removed from the exterior of the church, and battlements and pinnacles were added to the tower. A south porch was added in 1935. In 1965 a new organ was installed, which allowed the creation of a chapel dedicated to St James.
Architecture.
Exterior.
The church is constructed in rubble stone with a slate roof. Its plan consists of a nave and chancel without any division, north and south aisles and chapels, a northwest vestry, a south porch, and a west tower. On the west side of the tower is a doorway with a two-light window above. On the south side is a small window and a clock face. The bell openings are louvred with straight heads, and the parapet is embattled with corner pinnacles. The vestry has three-light mullioned windows, and along the side of the north aisle are similar windows. The north (Sandys) chapel has a three-light east window, a five-light north window and a doorway above which are the Sandys arms and the date 1578. On each side of the clerestory are four three-light windows. The east window of the chancel has five lights containing Perpendicular tracery. Along the side of the south aisle are three windows of two and three lights. On the side of the south chapel are a doorway converted into a window, and a two-light window; its east window has three lights.
Interior.
The interior of the church is thickly whitewashed. The five-bay arcades consist of segmental arches carried on round piers, without capitals or bases. The wall paintings are still present. In the north chapel is the chest tomb dated 1578 of the parents of Archbishop Sandys, with recumbent effigies. On the west wall of the church are elaborate monuments moved from St Dionis Backchurch, London, when it was demolished in 1878. The stained glass in the east window dated 1894 is by Hardman, and in the windows on the south side of the church, dating from between 1884 and 1901, are by H. W. Lonsdale. The two-manual pipe organ by Rushworth and Dreaper of Liverpool was installed in 1965, replacing an earlier organ. There is a ring of eight bells. Five of these were cast in 1765 by James Harrison I, one dating from 1810 is possibly by John Stevenson, and the other two were cast by John Taylor in 1958.
External features.
In the churchyard is a sundial carrying a plate dated 1693, which is listed at Grade II.

</doc>
<doc id="36693224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693224" title="Lily Agnes">
Lily Agnes

Lily Agnes (1871-1899) is an English Thoroughbred racehorse. On the track she won 21 races including the Northumberland Plate, Doncaster Cup and Ebor Handicap. She is best known for being the dam of unbeaten Triple Crown winner Ormonde, but she also produced a number of other top foals. When she was in training she was described as "a light-fleshed, ragged hipped, lop-eared filly".
Race career.
Lily Agnes was the daughter of 2000 Guineas and Epsom Derby winner Macaroni, out of Polly Agnes who had been given to James Snarry by Sir Tatton Sykes. As a two-year-old Lily Agnes won all of her six starts. As a three-year old she won seven of he ten starts, her victories included the Northumberland Plate and Doncaster Cup. She won a further eight races, including the Ebor Handicap at York.
Stud career.
Her owner James Snarry died in 1877. Lily Agnes went on to become one of the top broodmares producing a number of good racehorses and broodmares. After Lily Agnes visited Doncaster the Duke of Westminster decided to buy her, paying £2500.
Foals.
"c = colt, f = filly"
Rossington sired Good and Plenty. Ormonde sired two time Eclipse Stakes winner Orme. Ornament was the dam of Champion Stakes winner Labrador and champion filly Sceptre who won four British Classic Races.
Lily Agnes died in June 1899 at the age of 28 at Eaton stud after becoming infirm in her old age.
The Lily Agnes Conditions Stakes at Chester Racecourse is a class 2 five furlong race named after her and is run during the May meeting.
Pedigree.
"Note: b. = Bay, br. = Brown, ch. = Chestnut"

</doc>
<doc id="36693225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693225" title="USCGC Point Hannon (WPB-82355)">
USCGC Point Hannon (WPB-82355)

USCGC "Point Hannon" (WPB-82355) was an Point class cutter constructed in 1967 for use as a law enforcement and search and rescue patrol boat.
History.
The Point Hannon was stationed at West Jonesport, ME from 1967 to January 
2001. She was used for law enforcement and search and rescue operations. On 12 July 1967, while towing F/V Stanley Butler, the tow was hit by F/V Hope II in Great Round Shoals Canal. The cutter commenced a tandem tow until relieved by cutter Cape Horn. On 22 October 1967, she helped fight fire on the Indian M/V Vishva Mangal near Searsport, ME. On 13 December 1978, she seized the Panamanian tug Tuskewr, which was attempting to smuggle hashish worth about $1 million into the US. On 15 January 1984, she rescued a man clinging to a buoy 12 miles off Rockland, Maine.
The Point Hannon was transferred to the Naval Force of Panama in 2001 and renamed P-209 "5 de Noviembre" Since then the ship has played in various missions along the territorial waters of the Republic of Panama as part of the Naval fleet, under the aegis of the National Directorate of Operations, Naval Group. Panama has 5 ships of this type.

</doc>
<doc id="36693253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693253" title="Barrage (manga)">
Barrage (manga)

The series was published in North America, in English under the name "Barrage" through Viz Media's digital manga anthology, Weekly Shonen Jump (formerly known as Weekly Shonen Jump Alpha) beginning on June 4, 2012, with chapters being released two weeks behind the Japanese publication. The first tankōbon volume was released in Japan by Shueisha on October 4, 2012 and the second and final volume was released one month later on November 2, 2012. Viz Media released the first volume of the series in English on March 5, 2013, and the final volume on April 2, 2013. 
Plot.
In the planet of Industria where aliens fight with humans, there in the slums lives Astro who works tireless hours to feed his adopted brothers and sisters. One day, after a bad argument with his boss, Astro saves him from the alien Archduke of Endra; however, Astro is fired. Distraught, he accidentally meets the runaway Prince Barrage of Industria, his doppelganger in disguise, who wants Astro to act as his substitute. Astro decides to assume the role of the prince of Industria to prevent arousing suspicion from enemy aliens and protect his beloved "family".
Characters.
Astro (アストロ "Asutoro") is the main character. Growing up in the slums of the capital as an orphan, Astro is extremely dedicated to his adopted family, working long hours for food and shelter. He believes so strongly in the value of family that he is willing to help any family member in need, at times forgetting his assumed identity as the Prince much to Tiamat's displeasure. Astro is a capable wielder of the Orgue, a mysterious weapon said to control the planet of Industria.
Tiamat (ティアマト "Tiamato") is the loyal vice-captain of the military forces under the Planetary King of Industria. He becomes Astro's companion and personally trains him in swordsmanship throughout their journey. Tiamat harbors a severe phobia of women, going to great lengths to avoid them.
Prince Barrage (バルジ "Baruji") is the son of the Planetary King of Industria and the prince of Industria. He very closely resembles Astro down to the same hair color, height, and voice, yet both have different personalities. Unlike Astro, Prince Barrage is arrogant, spoiled, and abusive to his own servants, such as Jino.
The Planetary King of Industria (インダストリアの星王 "Indasutoria no Seiō") is the current ruler of Industria and the former wielder of the Org.
Tico (ティコ "Tiko") is the young girl who seeks revenge for her adoptive mother's death at the hands of aliens. She lives in Masayle, a place of strategic importance to the capital of Industria.
Manga.
The manga series began its serialization in Shueisha's weekly manga anthology Weekly Shōnen Jump on May 21, 2012, and was serialized till September 10, 2012. The series was published in North America, in English under the name "Barrage" through Viz Media's digital manga anthology, Weekly Shonen Jump (formerly known as Weekly Shoene Jump Alpha) beginning on June 4, 2012, with chapters being released two weeks behind the Japanese publication. The individual tankōbon volumes have also been released in English by Viz Media.

</doc>
<doc id="36693270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693270" title="Albert Bosquet">
Albert Bosquet

Albert Bosquet (born 1882) was a Belgian sport shooter. Competing for Belgium, he won a silver medal in team clay pigeons at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp.

</doc>
<doc id="36693275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693275" title="Miltiades (name)">
Miltiades (name)

Miltiades or Miltiadis (, short: Miltos) is a Greek masculine given name. The name is derived from the Greek word for "red earth". 

</doc>
<doc id="36693310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693310" title="Henri Quersin">
Henri Quersin

Henri Quersin (born 1863) was a Belgian sport shooter. Competing for Belgium, he won a silver medal in team clay pigeons at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp.

</doc>
<doc id="36693318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693318" title="George Austen">
George Austen

George Austen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36693330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693330" title="Good Morning Delhi">
Good Morning Delhi

Good Morning Delhi was an Australian breakfast program broadcast on Network Ten from 4 October 2010 until 15 October 2010, during the Delhi 2010 Commonwealth Games, hosted by Brad McEwan and Kathryn Robinson.

</doc>
<doc id="36693345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693345" title="JR Esterhuizen">
JR Esterhuizen

John-Ronald Andrew Esterhuizen is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with the in Super Rugby and the in the Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup.
He also played for in the Varsity Cup and was named in a South African Universities team that played against in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36693348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693348" title="Ciak d'oro">
Ciak d'oro

The Ciak d'oro (Golden Ciak) is an Italian annual film award. It was established in 1986 by the magazine "Ciak".
It is the only award of Italian cinema that has the audience as jury: the readers of the magazine vote the best film, the best director, the best leading actors and the best foreign film of the season, instead the best supporting actors and the winners of the Ciak d'oro for technical categories and for Best Debut are designed by a jury of film critics and specialized journalists.

</doc>
<doc id="36693354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693354" title="Edouard Fesinger">
Edouard Fesinger

Edouard Fesinger was a Belgian sport shooter. Competing for Belgium, he won a silver medal in team clay pigeons at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp.

</doc>
<doc id="36693369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693369" title="CSI Institute Of Technology">
CSI Institute Of Technology

CSI Institute of Technology (CSIIT), known as CSI Engineering College, is an engineering institution located in Thovalai, Kanyakumari district, Tamil Nadu, India. CSI Institute of Technology is a Christian Minority Institution, established in 1995 by the Church of South India (C.S.I), Kanyakumari Diocese. The college is certified to ISO 9001:2000 standard.
Academic programs.
CSIIT offers undergraduate degrees in engineering in the following:
CSIIT offers Masters degrees in the following:
Corporate relationship.
The college has tie ups with corporate industries and MNCs like:

</doc>
<doc id="36693383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693383" title="William Morley (disambiguation)">
William Morley (disambiguation)

William Morley was a politician.
William Morley may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36693409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693409" title="Albert G. Mumma">
Albert G. Mumma

Albert G. Mumma (2 June 1906–15 July 1997) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy who played a pivotal role in the development of nuclear propulsion for warships. During World War II, he served in France and Germany with the Alsos Mission.
A 1926 graduate of the United States Naval Academy, Mumma served on a number of warships. He studied marine engineering at the "L'École Nationale Supérieure de Maritime" in Paris, where he learned the latest techniques of maritime construction. During World War II he served at the David Taylor Model Basin, where he investigated problems of propeller design. In January 1943, he took over the Propeller desk at the Bureau of Ships. He joined the Alsos Mission in 1944, and in the last days of the war was part of a 75-man task force that captured the city of Kiel, including the whole garrison of 150,000 men.
After the war he returned to the Bureau of Ships, where he was involved with the development of nuclear propulsion. Mumma was promoted to rear admiral in 1954, and assumed command of the Mare Island Naval Shipyard. He became responsible for celebrating its 100th anniversary. However, his most important task was converting the shipyard over to the construction of nuclear submarines. In 1955 he became Chief of the Bureau of Ships, where he championed the adoption of the teardrop hull, and oversaw the design of nuclear submarines, cruisers and aircraft carriers.
Early life.
Albert Girard Mumma was born in Findlay, Ohio on 2 June 1906. His father was a U.S. Army officer, Morton C. Mumma, who had graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point with the class of 1900. He would eventually retire with the rank of lieutenant colonel in 1928, and be advanced to colonel on the retired list in 1930. The family lived on a series of Army posts in the United States and overseas. After going on board the destroyer in the Philippines when he was nine years old, Mumma decided to become a naval officer. He graduated from Iowa City High School in 1922.
Albert entered the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland in July 1922 with an appointment from Iowa Congressman Harry E. Hull. His two brothers also graduated from Annapolis. His older brother, Morton C. Mumma, Jr., graduated with the class of 1925, served with submarines and PT boats during World War II, and eventually rose to the rank of rear admiral. His younger brother George graduated with the class of 1934, but resigned later that year, and later became a major in the Army during World War II. In addition, his nephew, Morton C. Mumma III, graduated with the class of 1948, and joined the Air Force, from which he retired as a colonel in 1978.
Mumma's class at Annapolis was the first for which the traditional midshipmen's cruises were replaced with aviator training for half the class, but Mumma was in the half that still went on the cruises. He sailed to Europe on the battleships and , and sailed from Annapolis to Bremerton, Washington, and back in the battleship . He undertook aviation training immediately after graduation. He graduated 18th out of 456 in the class of 1926, and received an award for having the highest standing in engineering and aeronautics. He was commissioned as an ensign on graduation on 3 June 1926, and after he finished his aviation training, he reported to the cruiser . This took him down to Guantanamo Bay, where he joined the crew of the cruiser . Returning to Iowa City for Thanksgiving, he had a blind date with Carmen Braley, whom he took to the Army-Navy Game in Chicago. They became engaged in July 1925, and were married on 1 October 1927. They had three sons: Albert Girard Mumma, Jr., John Stanton Mumma and David Braley Mumma.
His next assignment was to the aircraft carrier , which was being fitted out. He was sent for flight training, but washed out due to having less than perfect eyesight. He was promoted to the rank of lieutenant (junior grade) on 3 June 1929. After four years with "Saratoga", he was assigned to the destroyer as its gunnery officer. He left the "Waters" in 1932 to attend the Naval Postgraduate School, which was then located at Annapolis. In 1934, he was offered an opportunity to complete his studies in Paris, although he had not studied French at the Academy. He enrolled in French at the University of Nancy in July. Immersing in the language, Mumma and his family spoke French only. He studied marine engineering at the "L'École Nationale Supérieure de Maritime" in Paris. Instead of just becoming a maritime engineer, he learned the latest techniques of maritime construction. Before leaving Europe, he was informed that he had been selected for promotion to lieutenant, but he still had to pass the examinations. He reported to his next ship, which was the cruiser , as assistant engineer, at Long Beach, California, where he took his examinations, and was promoted on 29 June 1936. After less than a year, he was sent to the new destroyer on the request of its skipper, Commander Hewlett Thebaud.
World War II.
In 1939, Mumma was posted to the David Taylor Model Basin, where he was promoted to lieutenant commander on 26 June 1940 and commander on 15 August 1942. There he conducted research into the design of propellers and drive shafts. He examined a problem with the skegs on the keels of the and "South Dakota"-class battleships with harmonic vibrations, which was resolved with re-designed propellers. Similar problems with "singing" propellers affected the s. In January 1943, he took over the Propeller desk at the Bureau of Ships, with the rank of captain from 1 August 1943. Propeller design was a critical part of all ships, and special propellers were designed and tested for PT boats and submarines. In early 1944, he visited Britain to look at problems with vibration in the new s. Once again, the solution lay in propeller design.
On returning to the United States, he met with Major General Leslie R. Groves, Jr., the director of the Manhattan Project. Mumma became one of four naval officers assigned to the Alsos Mission, the others being Jacob Pieter Den Hartog, Wendell Roop and Henry A. "Packy" Schade. The naval section of Alsos would investigate German naval technologies, but the main objective of the Alsos Mission was to learn all it could about the German nuclear energy project. All members of the mission had ultra secret security clearances, but none had been involved with the development of the atomic bomb.
The naval section of Alsos flew into Paris soon after it had been liberated in August 1944. They went down to Bordeaux to inspect the captured German destroyer Z39. After the Alsos Mission became convinced that the Germans had not developed an atomic bomb, the naval section became the Naval Technical Mission Europe. They were particularly interested in the work of Dr Hellmuth Walter in the development of submarines and rockets. Most of the targets that they were interested in lay in the British sector, so they worked closely with their English allies. In the last days of the war, the Naval Technical Mission was part of a 75-man task force, most of whom were from 30 Assault Unit, that made a dash for Kiel, entering the city far in advance of the Allied advance. The whole garrison of the city, some 150,000 men, surrendered to the task force. They drove to Admiral Karl Dönitz's headquarters in Flensburg, where they saw but did not speak with him, as Dönitz was on his way to surrender. They spoke instead to Admiral Otto Backenköhler, and persuaded him to sign a release for German scientists, so men like Walter could freely discuss their work with the Allies. From April to December 1945, Mumma also served as assistant naval attaché.
Post war.
Mumma arrived back in the United States in December 1945, and returned to the Bureau of Ships. The Bureau's immediate post war priority was to develop nuclear propulsion for ships. With the Chief of the Bureau, Rear Admiral Earle W. Mills, and Captain Paul F. Lee, he went to see Groves and Brigadier General Kenneth Nichols, the commander of the Manhattan District, who were willing to help, but would not offer any fissionable material. The Navy decided to proceed with the design of a nuclear-powered ship.
They visited Oak Ridge, and attended lectures of nuclear physics from George Gamow and Lawrence R. Hafstad. Mumma selected four outstanding young officers and a physicist, Everett Blizzard, to go to Oak Ridge and learn about reactor design. Mills decided that a senior officer should be sent as well, and added Hyman Rickover to the group, something that Mumma warned Mills that he would regret.
In 1949, Mumma became Production Officer at the San Francisco Naval Shipyard. With the outbreak of the Korean War in 1950, the shipyard became very busy, as ships such as the s were retrieved from being laid up, refurbished and recommissioned. In 1951, he became commander of the David Taylor Model basin. He supervised the conversion of the submarine to incorporate a teardrop hull, and successfully pressed for a single screw design against entrenched prejudice.
Mumma was promoted to rear admiral in 1954, and assumed command of the Mare Island Naval Shipyard. He became responsible for celebrating the 100th anniversary of its founding by David Farragut in 1854. However, his most important task was converting the shipyard over to the construction of nuclear submarines. This involved extensive retraining of the shipyard's personnel. His tour of command was a short one, for in 1955 he became Chief of the Bureau of Ships. Disappointed with the performance of the and the s, he pushed for the adoption of the single screw and teardrop hull. The result was the . The s that followed were a development of the "Skipjack" with Polaris missiles. He also oversaw the design of the , the first nuclear-powered aircraft carrier, and its escorts and .
Later life.
Mumma retired from the Navy in 1959 and took a job as Vice President of Engineering at Worthington Corporation. He was elected to the board of directors in 1962, and became Executive Vice President in 1964, President in April 1967, and Chairman of the Board in November 1967. He retired at the age of 65 in July 1971. That year President Richard Nixon appointed him to head the American Shipbuilding Commission, which was charged with reporting on ways of improving shipbuilding in the United States. In retirement, he held a number of directorships, on the boards of companies including Prudential Insurance, New Jersey Manufacturers Insurance, the First State Bank, United Hospitals of Newark, Coyful and Esser, C. R. Bard, the Newark Chamber of Commerce, and the New Jersey Chamber of Commerce. He was a member of the National Research Council, and served as President of the American Society of Naval Engineers and the Society of Naval Architects and Marine Engineers, which awarded him its Admiral Jerry Land Gold Medal, and was a trustee of the Webb Institute of Naval Architecture, Drew University and Saint Barnabas Hospital. He was awarded an honorary Doctor of Engineering degree by the Newark College of Engineering, and was created a Grand Officer of the Order of Orange-Nassau by the Queen of the Netherlands.
He died in Gladwyne, Pennsylvania, on 15 July 1997, and was interred at the United States Naval Academy Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="36693412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693412" title="Otan Tragoudo">
Otan Tragoudo

Otan tragoudo (Greek: "Όταν τραγουδώ"; ) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Tolis Voskopoulos. It was released in November, 1976 by Minos EMI in Greece and it went gold selling over 50,000 units.

</doc>
<doc id="36693413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693413" title="1961–62 Yugoslav Cup">
1961–62 Yugoslav Cup

The 1961–62 Yugoslav Cup was the 15th season of the top football knockout competition in SFR Yugoslavia, the Yugoslav Cup (), also known as the "Marshal Tito Cup" ("Kup Maršala Tita"), since its establishment in 1947.
First round.
In the following tables winning teams are marked in bold; teams from outside top level are marked in "italic" script.

</doc>
<doc id="36693431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693431" title="Vegas Girl (EP)">
Vegas Girl (EP)

"Vegas Girl" is a Digital EP by Brighton born singer-songwriter Conor Maynard. The EP features the song "Vegas Girl" with two remixes of the song. Also included is Maynard's cover of rapper Drake's Marvins Room. The EP was released on the date 22 July 2012 on the iTunes Store.

</doc>
<doc id="36693458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693458" title="Yacht Club Punta Ala">
Yacht Club Punta Ala

Yacht Club Punta Ala is a yacht club in Punta Ala, Italy. 

</doc>
<doc id="36693478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693478" title="London Gold">
London Gold

London Gold is an Highlight show replay the events it aired on Nine Network and GEM on 29 July 2012 until 13 August 2012 at 9am till 11am and repeats at 4pm till 6pm, sometimes on Sundays at 2pm till 4pm on Nine Network in NSW and QLD and on GEM in VIC, SA, WA for NRL's Sunday Football, hosted by Mark Nicholas.

</doc>
<doc id="36693482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693482" title="CS Chamarel">
CS Chamarel

The CS "Chamarel", originally CS "Vercors" was a cable layer owned by France Telecom Marine, laying submarine communications cables around the world. It was built in 1974 and destroyed by a fire in August 2012. As the "Vercors", the ship laid cables on and between all continents except Antarctica, including numerous trans-Atlantic cables and the first ever Israeli-made cable, and set the record for the deepest submarine buried cable lay in 2000. The ship was badly damaged by a fire in August 2012.
History.
Service.
The "Vercors" was built in 1975 by the Societé Nouvelle des Ateliers et Chantiers du Havre. It started operation at La Seyne-sur-Mer. In the 1970s it laid cables to and from France, including the now-decommissioned ANNIBAL, except ANTINEA, which stretched from Morocco to the Ivory Coast through Senegal.
In the 1980s the "Vercors" laid the ATLANTIS between Portugal and Senegal, TAT-7 and TAT-8, and others across most continents. In 1991 it deployed EMOS-1, the first Israeli-made submarine communications cable. Other projects in the 1990s included TASMAN 2 (1992; Australia – New Zealand), TAT-9 (1992; Trans-Atlantic), PacRimEast (1993; Hawaii – New Zealand), SEA ME WE 2 (1994; Southeast Asia – Middle East – Western Europe), Columbus II (1994; Trans-Atlantic), TAT-12 and TAT-13 (1995), SEA ME WE 3 (1995), ARIANE-2 (1995; France–Greece), ITUR (1996; Italy–Turkey–Ukraine), KAFOS (1996; Turkey–Bulgaria), TAGIDE-2 (1996; France–Portugal), ALETAR (1997; Egypt–Syria), BERYTAR (1997; Lebanon–Syria) and others.
In 2000, it set the world record for the deepest undersea buried communications cable while laying the Southern Cross Cable, at a depth of . It was also involved in TAT-14 and the East Asia Crossing projects in the early 2000s. After it was renamed to the "Chamarel" in 2002 and transferred to France Telecom Marine, it was assigned to maintenance on the SAT-3/WASC cable system and operated from Cape Town, South Africa.
Fire.
The "Chamarel" caught fire off the shore of the Skeleton Coast, close to Walvis Bay, in Namibia on August 8, 2012, following a mission to repair the SAT-3/WASC cable system. It had a crew of 51 to 56 on board, which evacuated to the fishing vessel "Moni". Six of them were lightly wounded and none died. The research ship "Nathaniel Maxuilili" helped put out the fire, which raged until August 9, before a salvage team was sent to retrieve the "Chamarel".
Technical specifications.
The CS "Chamarel" was long and wide. It had a gross tonnage of 8,575 and deadweight tonnage of 5,900 tons. Its maximum speed was and the average speed was .

</doc>
<doc id="36693486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693486" title="Sree Anantha Padmanabha College">
Sree Anantha Padmanabha College

Sree Anantha Padmanabha Arts, Science and Commerce College is one of the famous Colleges in Andhra Pradesh. It was established in the year 1968 at Vikarabad, Ranga Reddy district by former Chief Minister Marri Chenna Reddy.
History.
‘The Vikas Mandali’ was formed in the year 1965 under the Chairmanship of Late Dr. M. Channa Reddy with lofty donations raised from the farmers and the local businessmen. The College was inaugurated by Late Sri. Kasu Brahmananda Reddy – the former Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh. This college was started with the encouragement of the local elite on a spacious area of 43 acres, was admitted to grant-in-aid in 1972. The has been receiving the salaries of the staff from the State Government and the development grants from the University Grants Commission.
The Vikas Mandali was established to bring about amelioration of the people of this backward area in Social and Educational aspects.
The College is managed by a Committee, appointed by the Vikas Mandali, presently headed by Sri. M. Ravindra Reddy as its Chairman.
The College is affiliated to Osmania University in the year 1987 (vide Lr. No. 2266H/ 1143/69/Acadm, dt: 05.07.1988). The College is identified under sections 2(f) & 12B of the UGC Act, 1956. The College is a multi-faculty institution offering instruction in both the media, Telugu & English at Degree level in addition to PG in Commerce and Mathematics. The College has been assessed and accredited by the NAAC (National Assessment and Accreditation Council) with B++ grade in 2007.
Facilities.
The College is located in a spacious campus of 40 acres. The College has its own building with 40 classrooms, 12 laboratories, 8 store rooms, 5 library rooms, a games room, gymnasium, girls waiting room, and canteen. There is a separate block containing the Chairman’s chamber, conference hall, Principal’s chamber, office, 3 staff rooms, N.S.S. room, N.C.C. room and scholarships room. A seminar hall with modern amenities such as LCD projector and other audiovisual equipment is provided for conducting lectures, staff meetings, and literary and cultural competitions. There is a separate building in the campus with carpet area of 6636 square feet for postgraduate courses.

</doc>
<doc id="36693511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693511" title="Abdullah Al Saidi">
Abdullah Al Saidi

Dr Abdullah bin Mohammed Al Saidi is the current Minister of Legal Affairs in the Sultanate of Oman and the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Oman Charitable Organization. He has been the Minister of Legal Affairs since March 7, 2011.
Prior to his appointment as the Minister of Legal Affairs, Dr Al Saidi worked as an advocate in a private practice. 
Dr Abdullah was elected as a member of the Shura Council of Oman for two terms between 1991 and 1997. 
He obtained his PhD in Law from Queen Mary, University of London in the year 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36693516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693516" title="Haplosyllis spongicola">
Haplosyllis spongicola

Haplosyllis spongicola, the sponge worm, is a species of polychaete worm in the family Syllidae. It was previously classified as "Syllis spongicola" and is part of a species complex of closely related species that are difficult to distinguish morphologically and where the demarcation between them is unclear. It is found in shallow temperate, subtropical and tropical seas worldwide, wherever its host sponges are found.
Description.
"Haplosyllis spongicola" is a small white segmented worm which lives parasitically on about forty known species of sponge around the world. It grows to a length of several centimetres. The body is cylindrical and the prostomium bears three antennae and four eyes. The pharynx has a single tooth surrounded by conical fleshy protuberances. Each segment bears paired appendages known as parapodia with tufts of cilia known as cirri on the dorsal and ventral sides. There are also a small number of simple chaetae or bristles on each segment.
Distribution.
"Haplosyllis spongicola" has a cosmopolitan distribution and is found in shallow coastal habitats in both temperate and tropical locations throughout the world. The holotype came from Atlantic waters off the coast of Spain.
Ecology.
"Haplosyllis spongicola" lives on the inside walls of a number of species of sponges. It inserts its proboscis into the individual cells and sucks out the contents. There may be tens of thousands of individual worms in one sponge and they are sometimes so abundant that they make up five percent of the weight of the sponge. On dark-coloured sponges such as "Neofibularia nolitangere", the worms are easy to observe as they protrude from the inside walls of the sponge. In the Caribbean region, several species of small goby ("Elacatinus spp.") live inside the sponges, feeding almost exclusively on the worms.
Biology.
"Haplosyllis spongicola" reproduces by means of headless stolons that grow out of the parapodia, each having a pair of black ocular spots and up to thirty segments. They eventually detach and become new individuals.

</doc>
<doc id="36693517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693517" title="Contin Island">
Contin Island

Contin Island is an inhabited riverine islet in Ross and Cromarty within the Highland Council area of Scotland. Located in the Black Water, a tributary of the River Conon, it is downstream from Rogie Falls and is connected to the village of Contin by both a road bridge and a footbridge.
Geography.
The island is flat and lies between two arms of the Black Water. It is wooded at the northern and southern ends and at the center is the parish church of Contin, dedicated to St Maelrubha or Máel Ruba and the old manse, surrounded by farm land. There has probably been a church on this site since the 7th or 8th century and there is a reference to it in 1227. The present church building dates from 1490, the former church having been burned by the MacDonalds sometime between 1482 and 1488. It was repaired and altered circa 1832. There are two stones in the churchyard dating to about 1200.
The church itself is constructed with rubble walls and a slate roof and the 19th century reconstruction was done to the design of William Thomson. It has arched doors, windows with lattice glazing and a birdcage bellcote on the west gable.
The manse, constructed in 1794 and enlarged in the 19th century, is located to the south of the church. It is now a private dwelling.
Inhabitation.
Although it is clear from photographic evidence that the island is inhabited, at least from time to time, it was not listed as such by the census in 2001. However, the manse is a full time family home. or 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36693520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693520" title="Colin Long (tennis)">
Colin Long (tennis)

Colin Long (born 3 March 1918 – 8 November 2009) was an Australian tennis player. He had a notable mixed doubles partnership with fellow Australian Nancye Wynne Bolton. Together they won four Mixed Doubles (1940, 1946, 1947 and 1948) at the Australian Championships, which is an all-time record. In singles, he reached the quarterfinals of the Australian four times (1947, 1948, 1949 and 1950) and the fourth round of both Wimbledon and the U.S. Nationals in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="36693526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693526" title="Saida Waheed College of Nursing">
Saida Waheed College of Nursing

Saida Waheed FMH College of Nursing, established as an institute for midwifery in 1998, is a private college for graduate and postgraduate training in the field of nursing. Its current multi-purpose campus is located on Raiwind Road, Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.
The college is part of the Fatima Memorial System, registered with Pakistan Nursing Council (PNC), one of the only three schools of nursing affiliated with University of Health Sciences (UHS), and approved by Ministry of Health. Fatima Memorial Hospital is attached as training and teaching hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="36693528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693528" title="5 Seconds of Summer">
5 Seconds of Summer

5 Seconds of Summer is an Australian pop punk band. Formed in Sydney in 2011, the band consists of Luke Hemmings (lead vocals, guitar), Michael Clifford (guitar, vocals), Calum Hood (bass guitar, vocals) and Ashton Irwin (drums, vocals). These members were originally YouTube celebrities, who posted videos of themselves covering songs from various artists in 2011. From there, they started to gain a small following in 2012 after posting a series of cover versions of popular songs onto YouTube, then rose to international fame when One Direction invited them on their Take Me Home Tour.
5 Seconds of Summer released their debut single "Out of My Limit", exclusively in Australia and New Zealand, in November 2012. In February 2014, they released "She Looks So Perfect" as their debut worldwide release. It topped the charts in Australia, New Zealand, Ireland and the United Kingdom. Their self-titled debut studio album was be released in July 2014.
History.
2011–12: Origin and debut.
5 Seconds of Summer began in December 2011 when Luke Hemmings, Michael Clifford and Calum Hood, who all attended Norwest Christian College, started posting videos of themselves performing covers of popular songs together on Hemmings' YouTube channel. Henmmings' first video, a cover of Mike Posner's "Please Don't Go", was posted on February 3, 2011. Their cover of Chris Brown's "Next to You" received over 600,000 hits. In December 2011, they were joined by drummer Ashton Irwin, and the four-man line up was completed.
The band attracted some keen interest from major music labels and publishers, and have signed a publishing deal with Sony ATV Music Publishing. Despite having had no promotion apart from on Facebook and Twitter, their first music release, an EP entitled "Unplugged", reached number 3 on the iTunes chart in Australia, and the Top 20 in both New Zealand and Sweden. Their international following increased significantly once again when One Direction member Louis Tomlinson posted the link to their YouTube video of their song "Gotta Get Out", stating that he'd been a fan of 5 Seconds of Summer "for a while". 5 Seconds of Summer were once again the subject of interest for One Direction following the release of their first single, "Out of My Limit", on 19 November 2012, this time with Niall Horan tweeting the link to the video clip.
5 Seconds of Summer spent the second half of 2012 writing and developing their sound with Christian Lo Russo and Joel Chapman of Australian band Amy Meredith, with whom they wrote two of the songs that feature on the "Somewhere New" EP: "Beside You" and "Unpredictable". The EP was also co-produced by Joel Chapman. 5 Seconds of Summer released their first single "Out of My Limit" on 19 November 2012, the video clip for the song receiving over 100,000 views within the first 24 hours. In December 2012, the boys embarked on a songwriting trip to London, where they have written with various artists including McFly, Roy Stride of Scouting for Girls, Nick Hodgson of Kaiser Chiefs, Jamie Scott, Jake Gosling, Steve Robson and James Bourne of Busted.
2013–present: "5 Seconds of Summer" and international breakthrough.
On 14 February 2013, it was announced that 5 Seconds of Summer would support One Direction on their worldwide Take Me Home Tour. The tour kicked off at the O2 Arena in London on 23 February 2013, and 5 Seconds of Summer joined One Direction for shows in the UK, US, Australia and New Zealand, including seven shows at Allphones Arena in 5 Seconds of Summer's home town of Sydney. Whilst on a break from the Take Me Home Tour, 5 Seconds of Summer returned home to Australia where they played a National headlining tour, with all dates selling out within minutes. It was around this time when the band began to gain popularity and become more well-known. On 21 November 2013, the band announced that they had signed to Capitol Records. 5 Seconds of Summer are currently working on their debut album.
On 5 February 2014, 5 Seconds of Summer listed their worldwide debut single "She Looks So Perfect" for pre-order on the iTunes Store. Within two days, it had reached the number one position in 39 countries, including Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Spain, Malaysia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom.
In late March 2014, "She Looks So Perfect" was released in UK. Despite only one day on top in the British iTunes store and ending its week in the lower end of the top 10, 5 Seconds of Summer became only the fourth Australian band to have a UK number-one single, and the first to do so in 14 years. In the following week's chart the song dropped to number 10, which was the biggest drop from number one since McFly's ""Baby's Coming Back"/"Transylvania" fell from number one to number 20, also in its second week on the UK chart. On 5 March 2014, it was announced that 5 Seconds of Summer will once again join One Direction on the road, supporting them on their 2014 Where We Are Tour in the US, Canada, UK and Europe. On 9 April 2014, the "She Looks So Perfect" EP debuted at number 2 on the "Billboard" 200.
On 13 May 2014, the band announced that their debut album, named "5 Seconds of Summer", will be released on 27 June 2014 in Europe and Australia with other releases coming later. The album won a "Kerrang!" award; Luke said it was a real honour to win one, as all the band's idols are in "Kerrang!".
Influences.
5 Seconds of Summer cite Blink-182, All Time Low, Green Day, Mayday Parade, Boys Like Girls and Busted as their influences.

</doc>
<doc id="36693533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693533" title="Dr. Luke production discography">
Dr. Luke production discography

The production discography of Grammy award nominated producer Dr. Luke is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36693545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693545" title="Game Party Champions">
Game Party Champions

Game Party Champions is the fifth videogame in the Game Party series, and was a launch title for the Wii U console in North America and the PAL region. It is the successor to "". It includes 8 mini games which are: 
Reception.
The game received negative reviews. It holds a score of 24% on Metacritic. Official Nintendo Magazine called it "as welcome as an ingrown toenail and twice as ugly". NintendoLife gave the game a 1/10, saying "..."Game Party Champions" is - to put it nicely - a bad game."

</doc>
<doc id="36693555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693555" title="Huỳnh Phúc Hiệp">
Huỳnh Phúc Hiệp

Huỳnh Phúc Hiệp (born on 12 April 1988 in Tiền Giang, Vietnam) is a Vietnamese footballer who is a striker for Sài Gòn Xuân Thành. He was called to Vietnamese internationals, played at the 2007 AFC Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36693563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693563" title="Vukašin Višnjevac">
Vukašin Višnjevac

Vukašin Višnjevac (born 15 June 1939) is a Serbian footballer and football manager.
Višnjevac coached Sarajevo, Velež Mostar, Olimpija Ljubljana, Vardar, Vojvodina and Leotar.

</doc>
<doc id="36693564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693564" title="List of Silesian-language books in standard orthography">
List of Silesian-language books in standard orthography

On August 10, 2009, standard orthography for writing in the Silesian language was adopted in Cieszyn, at a meeting of the Standardization Committee of the Silesian Language. Thus far, the majority of Silesian-language books in this standard orthography have been brought out by Andrzej Roczniok’s Ślōnsko Nacyjno Ôficyno in Zabrze.
List.
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013

</doc>
<doc id="36693568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693568" title="Lemonade (Alexandra Stan song)">
Lemonade (Alexandra Stan song)

"Lemonade" is a song by Romanian singer Alexandra Stan. It was written by Marcel Prodan and Andrei Nemirschi. The song has in the Romanian Top 100, its peak being number 12. It also charted in Japan, where it peaked at number 27 in their chart. In November 2012 it was also certified gold by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry, for sales exceeding 15,000 units in Italy.
Music video.
The music video was released on 4 June 2012. It has received over 56 million views on YouTube.
The music video starts with Stan entering her kitchen in a red and white stripped dress. She sings while she makes a pitcher of lemonade. In the next scene, she is walking down the street, smiling into the camera. She is then seen singing in front of a red car, flirting with a man. The policemen, from her previous videos, are seen going into a store. The video switches from colour to black & white. It stays black & white to the end of the video as Stan is singing and dancing at a block party.

</doc>
<doc id="36693571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693571" title="Tera Pukhri">
Tera Pukhri

Tera Pukhri is a place in Sagolband Tera Sapam Leirak, Imphal, Manipur.

</doc>
<doc id="36693573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693573" title="Đồng Huy Thái">
Đồng Huy Thái

Đồng Huy Thái (born on 7 January 1985 in Thanh Hóa Province, Vietnam) is a Vietnamese footballer who is a midfielder for Hà Nội T&T. He was called to Vietnamese internationals, played at the 2007 AFC Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36693584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693584" title="Barry Morgan (character)">
Barry Morgan (character)

Barry Morgan is the eponymous character in "Barry Morgan's World of Organs", a stage show based on a fictional electronic organ salesman from Adelaide portrayed by Australian musician and comedian Stephen Teakle. "Barry Morgan's World of Organs" has appeared at the New Zealand International Comedy Festival and the Edinburgh Fringe Festival, and has been a guest on ABC1's "Spicks and Specks", ABC2's "The Marngrook Footy Show" and on FIVEaa radio.
Background.
Campari-drinking Morgan owns Barry Morgan's World of Organs, an kitsch organ emporium in Adelaide's fictional Sunnyside Mall. He plays a 1981 Hammond Aurora Classic organ through a Leslie speaker, and demonstrates the organ's abilities as a synthesizer, the Auto Vari 64 (for adding variation to the accompaniment) and the Zither arpeggiator. He is the proponent of the "one finger method" to control his organ's accompaniment section.
Reception.
Morgan has been described as a cult figure, drawing reviews comparing his appearance to those of Wes Anderson and David Dickinson. "Time Out" listed Morgan as "critics' choice". 
His appearances at the 2012 Edinburgh Festival Fringe gained him 3 and 4 star reviews from publications such as "ThreeWeeks" and "The List".

</doc>
<doc id="36693591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693591" title="Electoral history of Paul Ryan">
Electoral history of Paul Ryan

This is a summary of the electoral history of Paul Ryan, United States Representative from Wisconsin (since 1999) and 2012 Republican nominee for Vice President of the United States. Throughout his career, Ryan had never lost an election prior to his defeat in the 2012 United States Presidential Election.
House races (1998-Present).
Wisconsin's 1st congressional district, 1998 (Republican primary):
Wisconsin's 1st congressional district, 1998 
Wisconsin's 1st congressional district, 2000 
Wisconsin's 1st congressional district, 2002 
Wisconsin's 1st congressional district, 2004 
Wisconsin's 1st congressional district, 2006 
Wisconsin's 1st congressional district, 2008
Wisconsin's 1st congressional district, 2010 
Wisconsin's 1st congressional district, 2012
2012 Vice Presidential election.
General Election

</doc>
<doc id="36693627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693627" title="2012 Karshi Challenger – Singles">
2012 Karshi Challenger – Singles

Denis Istomin was the defending champion, but chose not to compete.<br>
Igor Kunitsyn won the title, defeating Dzmitry Zhyrmont 7–6(12–10), 6–2 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36693629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693629" title="Dr Yahya Al Khusaibi">
Dr Yahya Al Khusaibi

Dr Yahya bin Nasser Al Khusaibi is the Undersecretary of the Ministry of Legal Affairs of the Sultanate of Oman and the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Al Ghubra Power and Desalination Company. 
Dr Al Khusaibi was appointed as the Undersecretary of the Ministry of Legal Affairs by Royal Decree 71/2009 on December 13, 2009.
Prior to his appointment as Undersecretary, Dr Al Khusaibi used to be the Director General of Legal Affairs at the Ministry of Legal Affairs.
He obtained a PhD in International Commercial Law from the University of Hull in the year 2007.
Awards.
Dr Al Khusaibi was awarded the First Class Royal Commendation Order by His Majesty the Sultan of Oman on November 24, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36693641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693641" title="Prisoners' Union">
Prisoners' Union

Prisoners' Union () is Russian human rights monitoring non-governmental organization. The organization was founded in 2008. Prisoners' Union foundation meeting was held in Moscow and was attended by 40 former political prisoners.
Prisoners' Union works to expose human rights violations within the penal system in Russia. Prisoners' Union publishes monitoring materials of situation in Russian prisons and holds press-conferences. Organization calls for an amnesty for all political prisoners in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="36693651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693651" title="Tino Häber">
Tino Häber

Tino Häber (born 1982) is a German javelin thrower. He was born in Gera in Thuringia. He competed in javelin throw at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where he qualified for the final, and finished in 8th.

</doc>
<doc id="36693652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693652" title="Igor Yerokhin">
Igor Yerokhin

Igor Nikolayevich Yerokhin (Erokhin, , September 4, 1985, Saransk, Russia) is a Russian race walker. He was a participant of the 2012 Summer Olympics in London and finished in the 5th place in the 50 kilometres walk. In 2011, he became second on the European Race Walking Cup.
Yerokhin participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing but tested positive for prohibited substances and was subsequently disqualified for two years.
In August 2013 it was announced by the Russian Athletics Federation that Yerokhin had received a further ban after abnormal haematological profile indicators were found on his biological passport. He received a life ban and was stripped of all his results since 25 February 2011. This included his 5th place finish at the 2012 Summer Olympic Games and his 2nd place at the European Race Walking Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36693657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693657" title="Mayura Pirivena">
Mayura Pirivena

Mayura Pirivena ("Mayura" in Sinhala: peacock) is an ancient monastery situated to the south-west of the Jaya Sri Maha Bodhi, in Anuradhapura in Sri Lanka. 
One of the ancient chronicles of Sri Lanka, the Mahavamsa, states that this monastery was built by King Buddhadasa, who ruled the island from 340 - 368 AD. King Dhatusena (455 - 477 AD) and King Mahanaga (573 - 575 AD) renovated the building.
The Indian monk Buddhaghosha Thero resided here during his stay in Sri Lanka. 
The ruins of the structure still remain are few stone columns with capitals, the entrance of the building built above a few steps and a moonstone below these steps. In the middle of the moonstone, a half of the lotus flower can be seen.
Excavation in the location was carried out in 2011 and the site was preserved in 2012.
According a report issued by Mr. H. C. P. Bell, the Archeological Commissioner of then Ceylon, this site was first excavated in 1894 and fallen pillars ware lifted up. The report further states the length of the structure as and the width as . 

</doc>
<doc id="36693669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693669" title="Denis Mehigan">
Denis Mehigan

Denis Mehigan (born 1890) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a centre-back for the Cork senior team.
Mehigan made his first appearance for the team during the 1912 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 1916 championship. A one-time captain of the Cork senior team, Mehigan enjoyed little success during his inter-county career.
At club level Mehigan was a multiple county championship medalist with Lees.
Mehigan hailed from a family with a strong association with Gaelic games. His older brother, Mick, captained Cork to the All-Ireland title in 1911. Another brother, Paddy, played both hurling and football for Cork and London and was later a pioneering Gaelic games journalist. A great grand-nephew, Owen Sexton, played for Cork in the 2000s.

</doc>
<doc id="36693674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693674" title="Juma Al-Wahaibi">
Juma Al-Wahaibi

Juma Abdulla Al-Wahaibi commonly known as Juma Al-Wahaibi (; born 2 March 1980) is an Omani footballer who plays for Al-Shabab Club. 
International career.
Juma was selected for the national team for the first time in 2002. He has made appearances in the 2006 FIFA World Cup qualification, the 2007 AFC Asian Cup qualification and the 2007 AFC Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36693676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693676" title="Punic wall of Cartagena">
Punic wall of Cartagena

The Punic wall of Cartagena (Spanish: "Muralla púnica de Cartagena") is an archaeological site from the 3rd century BC in which can be seen the first defensive wall of Cartagena, built by the Carthaginians.
This is an important site because it is one of the few remains of Carthaginian civilization in Spain, and the walls bear witness to one of the most important events of Ancient history in the Mediterranean Sea: the Second Punic War.
History.
In 227 BC, the Carthaginian general Hasdrubal the Fair founded the city of Qart Hadasht, probably on an early Iberian settlement called Mastia. The new city was located on a peninsula in the middle of a bay and had five high hills, two of which were at the entrance of the isthmus, so it had a great position for the military defense.
In this context, during the brief period of Punic domain upon Cartagena (227-209 BC), the Carthaginians decided to fortify the Barcid capital in Iberia with a wall that surround the settlement. The presence of this fortification was crucial to prevent a Roman assault led by the brothers Gnaeus and Publius Cornelius Scipio in 216 BC, when the Second Punic War had broken.
However, with the arrival of General Scipio Africanus, the walls were able to contain the enemy only for a short time. The Romans besieged the place by land and sea, and taking advantage of their numerical superiority dodged the defenders stationed in the walls and conquered Qart Hadasht after a tough battle, signifying the beginning of the end of Carthaginian power in the south of the Iberian Peninsula.
Architecture.
The wall used Hellenistic models: is composed of a double parallel "paramento" of tabaire (sandstone from local quarries) which retains a height of three meters.
The ruins of the Punic walls that can be seen today belong to the "lienzo" of the section that extended to the entrance of the isthmus, between the hills of San José and Monte Sacro (in Antiquity called Aletes and Baal, respectively). During the archaeological excavations were found indications of a fire, possibly during the battle or the looting that followed.
Currently the wall can be visited thanks to the Interpretation Center of the Punic Wall, part of the touristic consortium Cartagena Puerto de Culturas. The building protects the site and recreate their original elevation with contemporary architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="36693687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693687" title="Giulietta (singer)">
Giulietta (singer)

Giulia Russo (born 12 November 1992), known mononymously as Giulietta, is an Australian pop singer, songwriter, dancer, rapper and model of Italian descent. She released her first collaborative single "Dirty House Music" with DJ Marcus Knight in 2008 before releasing her debut studio album, "Ascension", in 2010. Her debut single "Vertigo" peaked at #16 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play charts, effectively rendering her the first Australian unsigned female to make an impact on the US chart and making her a number-one Breakthrough Artist. Two years later, she released her second studio album, entitled "911: Code Pink".
Early life.
Giulietta was born in the Melbourne suburb of Rowville, Australia, to parents Fabrice and Teresa. She has a younger brother, Antonio. Giulietta began singing at the age of four, regularly performing in talent shows and drawing inspiration from musicians such as Mariah Carey, Whitney Houston and Celine Dion. At the age of nine she trained at NIDA in Sydney, and later attended a performing arts high school.
Career.
In 2007, Giulietta met with DJ Marcus Knight and contributed vocals to his tracks "Give It Up" and "Dirty House Music". When the latter was released to nightclubs and other music outlets, it peaked at number four on the Beatport charts and charted twice on the ARIA Dance Chart, peaking within the top twenty. Giulietta also contributed vocals to tracks by Jacob D ("Take Your Mind There") and Dirty Rascals ("Venus").
In January 2009, producer David Kershenbaum met with Giulietta after hearing "Dirty House Music". She agreed to have him produce her debut album, which became "Ascension". Though it was rumoured that Giulietta's family were paying up to A$40,000 a session with Kershenbaum, in an interview with the Herald Sun Teresa Russo stated, "I don't like to talk figures. I won't today, I won't in future."
In November 2009, Giulietta attended the Los Angeles Music Awards in Hollywood, California, where she won awards for "International Pop Artist of the Year", "Producer's Choice" and the "Hollywood Walk of Fame Award". She also performed a song called "Here We Go Again", which was originally slated to be the lead single off "Ascension".
On May 17, 2010, Giulietta released her debut album "Ascension" on her own label, "Giulietta R. Enterprises", with distribution by Interscope Records. As well as featuring production from Kershenbaum the album also had writing by Ellis Miah and mixing by Rob Orton and Chris Cox. The album spawned the single "Vertigo", which reached #16 on the US Billboard Hot Dance Club Play Chart. The song was also remixed by the likes of Dave Aude. To promote the album, Giulietta performed at many venues including The Highlands nightclub in Hollywood and attended record releases for artists such as Lil' Jon. On her time promoting the album in the US, Giulietta stated, “It’s a lot busier over there; I was doing 13 hours a day and rehearsing and doing things like Bikram yoga.” Giulietta also performed at R&B festivals such as Summerbeatz in Melbourne.
In February 2011, Giulietta began writing for her second album, which eventuated into "911: Code Pink". She enlisted Australian producer Simmy for the album's production, and the majority of the album was recorded in the USA. Though it was originally scheduled to be released on 19 November 2011, it was delayed several months with Giulietta stating that some of the instrumentals needed re-recording. After releasing the singles "Pixelated", "VooDoo" and "Pretty In Pink", the album was released in its entirety for free via Soundcloud and ClubTapes on 12 July 2012. The album contained guest appearances by Tay Dizm of Nappy Boy, Raz B of B2K, Mick Stillz, Dall. Diamond, Billionaire, Envy and Mr. Focus.
In August 2012 Giulietta stated she would embark on her first tour of China later in the year.
Influences.
Giulietta regards the likes of Whitney Houston, Mariah Carey, Celine Dion, Lady Gaga, Pharrell, Gwen Stefani, Rihanna, The-Dream and Nicki Minaj as her influences.
Discography.
Albums
Singles
As a feature artist

</doc>
<doc id="36693692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693692" title="Mohammed Al-Ghassani">
Mohammed Al-Ghassani

Mohammed Saleh Abdullah Al-Ghassani commonly known as Mohammed Al-Ghassani (; born 1 April 1985) is an Omani footballer who plays for Al-Suwaiq Club. 
International career.
Mohammed was selected for the national team for the first time in 2007. He has made appearances in the 2007 AFC Asian Cup qualification, 2011 AFC Asian Cup qualification and the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification and has represented the national team in the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="36693700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693700" title="Volochanka">
Volochanka

Volochanka () is a rural locality (a settlement) under the administrative jurisdiction of the district town of Dudinka in Taymyrsky Dolgano-Nenetsky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia. It is located on the Kheta River in the Taymyr Peninsula. Population: 530 people (2010 est.).
History.
In 1932, native leaders of three nationalities, including the Dolgan and Yakuts, started a civil uprising in Volochanka against the Bolsheviks; twenty Party workers were killed and many others wounded in the event.
Demographics.
The inhabitants include representatives of Taymyr, Dolgans, and Nganasan indigenous peoples.
Infrastructure.
The settlement has a boarding school, kindergarten, district hospital, rural cultural center, a library, a branch of the Federal Postal Service, Department of "Telecommunications", and weather station.

</doc>
<doc id="36693711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693711" title="Hamed Al-Balushi">
Hamed Al-Balushi

Hamed Hamdan Al-Balushi commonly known as Hamed Al-Balushi (; born 2 March 1980) is an Omani footballer who plays for Fanja SC. 
International career.
Hamed was selected for the national team for the first time in 2007. He has represented the national team in the 2007 AFC Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36693730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693730" title="Pressure (1975 film)">
Pressure (1975 film)

Pressure (1975) is the first feature-length fiction film made by a Black director in Britain. 
Directed by Horace Ové, and co-written by him with Samuel Selvon, "Pressure" is a powerful portrait of inter-generational tensions between first- and second-generation West Indian migrants in London's Notting Hill area. According to Julia Toppin, 
The film was shelved for almost three years by its funders, the British Film Institute (BFI), ostensibly because it contained scenes showing police brutality.

</doc>
<doc id="36693780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693780" title="Mohammad Khamis">
Mohammad Khamis

Mohammad Khamis Saleh (; born 11 March 1976) is a retired Emirati footballer. He played for Dubai's Al-Nasr sport club and Emirati internationals.

</doc>
<doc id="36693807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693807" title="Kızılca, Niğde">
Kızılca, Niğde

Kızılca is a town in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. At it is situated in Central Anatolian plains. Distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Kızılca was 1065 as of 2012. The settlement was founded in 1700s by a Turkmen tribe from Dulkadir Eyalet (east of present location) upon Ottoman sultan's decree. In 1956 it was declared a seat of township. Major economic acticvity is agriculture. Main crops are cereals, apple, patato and sugar beet. Animal husbandry is a secondary activity

</doc>
<doc id="36693835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693835" title="Alexandre Goria">
Alexandre Goria

Alexandre Édouard Goria was a French virtuoso pianist and composer recognised among amateurs enthusiasts for his numerous salon pieces of different styles, which enjoyed great success by fans of salon music. Among these pieces, numbering over a hundred, there are études, fantasies, whims, solo concerts, nocturnes of various themes, polkas, mazurkas, berceuses, ballades and révêries. He was a highly acclaimed musician specially for his "étude de concerto," Op. 7 and his brilliant fantasias for piano on many theatrical works such as "Plaintes de la jeune fille" and other transcriptions of lieders by Franz Schubert and other composers.
Biography.
Alexandre Goria was born in Paris on 21 January 1823. He was admitted as a student to the Conservatoire de Paris on 15 November 1830 at the age of seven. He had for piano teachers Adolphe-Francois Laurent (1796–1867), teacher of Jules Massenet, and Pierre-Joseph-Guillaume Zimmermann, teacher of Charles-Valentin Alkan and Cesar Franck, following a course of harmony under the direction of Victor Dourlen shortly thereafter.
In 1834 he won second prize in the competition of piano, being awarded the first prize the following year at the age of 12. He later became répétiteur of the classes of competition in the conservatory. His studies were completed in 1839. Since then he engaged in teaching and became known in the music world by many different kinds of pieces for the piano.
He was in very good terms with Bohemian composer Carl Czerny when he lived in Vienna for some time, and was also a very close friend of the American composer Louis Moreau Gottschalk, who dedicated his composition "Le Bananier" to him. Awarded with the Knight's Cross of the Order of Charles III by the Queen of Spain, he died in Paris on 6 July 1860.

</doc>
<doc id="36693861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693861" title="A Symphony of British Music (album)">
A Symphony of British Music (album)

A Symphony of British Music is the official soundtrack album of the 2012 Summer Olympics closing ceremony. It became available as digital download on 12 August 2012 and as a two-disc CD on 20 August 2012.
It features studio recordings of the performances at the closing ceremony for the London Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36693883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693883" title="Robertinida">
Robertinida

The Robertinida is an order of Middle Triassic to recent, benthic Foraminifera in which tests are 
planispirally to trochospirally coiled
with chambers provided with an internal partition and hyaline perforate walls composed of optically radiate aragonite.

</doc>
<doc id="36693894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693894" title="Het Groot Paradijs">
Het Groot Paradijs

__NOTOC__
Het Groot Paradijs was a restaurant located in Middelburg, in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1996-2002 and 2007.
Owner and head chef of "Het Groot Paradijs" was Ferdie Dolk.
In the first star period, 1996-2002, Ron Henderikse was head chef.
The restaurant closed down in 2007, with the owners opening a new restaurant in Domburg.
The restaurant is housed in a Rijksmonument.

</doc>
<doc id="36693897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693897" title="Richard Barroilhet">
Richard Barroilhet

Richard Michael Barroilhet (born 29 August 1992) is an English-born French versatile attacking professional footballer who most recently played for FC Taraz in Kazakhstan.
Career.
Born in Westminster, England, but grew up in France, Barroilhet joined Nice, where he came through the youth system and after two years at the club, Barroilhet went to England, where he was invited to join Fulham youth system.
He was offered his first professional contract at Fulham and following injury he went on loan to Finnish side VPS to get some game time.
In July 2012, Barroilhet moved to RKC Waalwijk in the Eredivisie. After injury and treatment during 2013, Barroilhet joined Nuneaton Town in November 2013. Just 25 days after signing for Nuneaton Town, Barroilhet left the club. 
Barroilhet went on trial with FC Taraz of the Kazakhstan Premier League in January 2014, going on to sign for the club in March of the same year. In May, the Dutch manager Arno Piipers, who took some players including Barroilhet to Taraz for his project, was dismissed. At the beginning of June, following changes in management, conditions, playing time, Barroilhet negotiated a mutual release.
International career.
Barroilhet has three caps for the France U-19 team.

</doc>
<doc id="36693931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693931" title="2012 2. deild karla">
2012 2. deild karla

The 2012 2. deild karla was the 47th season of third-tier football in Iceland. The league, which was contested by 12 clubs from across Iceland, began on 11 May 2012 and ended on 22 September 2012.
The champions of the 2. deild karla in the 2012 season were Völsungur, who sealed the title on the final day of the season with a 2–1 home win against Njarðvík. Völsungur were consequently promoted to the 1. deild karla for the 2013 season along with runners-up KF, who finished ahead of third-placed HK because of their superior goal difference. At the opposite end of the table KFR, who had been promoted to the 2. deild for the 2012 campaign, finished bottom of the league after winning only one of their 22 matches. Also relegated to the 3. deild karla (which will be played in a new format in 2013) were Fjarðabyggð, who ended the season five points from safety.
There were two joint top goalscorers for the season who both scored 18 goals in the league: KF striker Þórður Birgisson and Bessi Víðisson of Dalvík/Reynir, who reached the tally with a five-goal haul in the 9–0 victory over KFR on the last day of the campaign. Bessi played fewer games though and as such was named as the top scorer.
Teams.
A total of 12 clubs contested the 2012 2. deild karla, eight of which had played in the division during the previous campaign. The changes from the 2011 season were:
Statistics.
Results.
Each team play every opponent once home and away for a total of 22 matches.
Awards.
On 5 October 2012, an awards evening was held at which the 2. deild karla Player of the Year, Most Promising Player, Manager of the Year and Team of the Year were announced. The team consisted of eleven players and seven substitutes and was voted for by the managers and captains of each of the clubs in the division.
Player of the Year.
The Player of the Year accolade was awarded to Serbian goalkeeper Dejan Pešić, of Völsungur. The 35-year-old, playing his first season in Icelandic football, appeared in every match for the side as they won the division. Pešić, who played in the UEFA Champions League with Red Star Belgrade during his earlier career, conceded less than a goal per game over the season and was voted one of the best goalkeepers in all of Iceland in 2012.
Most Promising Player.
Hrannar Björn Steingrímsson, the Völsungur midfielder, was named the Most Promising Player of the 2012 season. Aged 20, he was made club captain following the departure of Elfar Árni Aðalsteinsson to Úrvalsdeild side Breiðablik at the end of the previous summer. Despite missing the opening weeks of the campaign through injury, Hrannar returned to the team in the 4–2 win over Afturelding on 2 June and went on to score 6 goals in 19 appearances over the remainder of the season, including a goal direct from a free-kick in the 2–1 final-day victory over Njarðvík that sealed the league title for Völsungur.
Manager of the Year.
Serbian coach Dragan Stojanovic was awarded Manager of the Year after leading Völsungur to the 2. deild karla championship, thereby returning the club to the second tier of Icelandic football for the first time since relegation from the 1. deild karla in 2005. The former Fjarðabyggð, Þór Akureyri and Þór/KA manager brought a number of fellow Serbian players to the club during the close season including Dejan Pešić and Marko Blagojević, and guided the team to victory in nine of their eleven home matches, conceding only four goals in the process.

</doc>
<doc id="36693938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693938" title="Elmar Frings">
Elmar Frings

Elmar Frings (26 March 1939 – 29 July 2002) was a German modern pentathlete. He competed for the United Team of Germany at the 1964 Summer Olympics and for West Germany at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36693944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693944" title="Jason Johannisen">
Jason Johannisen

Jason Johannisen (born 8 November 1992) is a professional Australian rules football player at the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League (AFL). 
Early Life.
He was born in Johannesburg, South Africa, but moved to Perth with his family when he was eight years old. He was recruited by the club in the 2011 Rookie Draft, with pick #39. Johannisen made his debut in Round 19, 2012, against at Docklands Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="36693958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693958" title="Ralph Brancaccio">
Ralph Brancaccio

Ralph Brancaccio (born 1960 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American and European conceptual artist whose work is mostly social commentary or politically motivated, whether working in paint, installation/multimedia, or printmaking. 
He states, “As a child, I was educated to believe that I was living in a developed society. This I did not see. As my consciousness developed, I began to recognize the dysfunction of a world people call or think civilized."
Education.
He graduated from East Catholic High School, Manchester, CT in 1979 and attended Annhurst College in 1979 and was president of his freshman class. After its closing in 1980 he attended and graduated, class of 1983, from Providence College, Providence, RI with a B.A. in Humanities.
Work.
Manhole cover printing.
He signs his prints with the exact street address, city, and country in which the cover was found as well as the date it was printed are recorded. According to David Galloway, The results are documents of a particular culture at a particular time, but they are also and unmistakably "Brancaccio's." For those who have encountered these bright, witty monoprints, the manhole will never be the same. Here are quite simply artists whose idiom changes the way we see our day-today environment: Dan Flavin's neon tubes, David Hockney's swimming pools and Daniel Buren's stripes have long since exerted such an impact. In sensitizing us to the art beneath our feet, Ralph Branaccio is thus in the best of company. Brancaccio has stated that, “By putting myself at people’s feet, I bring beauty up to their level which causes them to look down.” 
An exhibition in the city museum Musee des Egouts de Paris titled "D'Egouts et des Couleurs" opened in June 1998. Nearly one hundred prints from major cities around the world were shown in underground tunnels. The City also commissioned a 1999 New Years Card, which was created using a Paris manhole cover on Avenue Rapp. 
In 2011 He was commissioned to print manhole covers in Paderborn, Germany for Paderorner Kultursommer.
Brancaccio travels to India to inspire young artists in December of 2011. He joined more than seventy painters and sculptors of international repute in a twenty-five-day International Sculpture and Painting Symposium held at the Sri Guru Vidya Peeta Education Institute complex at India's Kanadal village on the outskirts of the city. Six sculptors including Brancaccio, according to The Hindu newspaper are donating their works to the Peeta Education Institute as a gesture and to promote fine arts education amongst youth. Brancaccio is represented by Saatchi Gallery in NYC and his provocative conceptual works challenge social paradigms including faith and conscience. He is also noted for creating works using unorthodox tools such as manhole covers in the street as a printing plate. 
Silent march.
“Silent March” was created in 1992 as a multidisciplinary arts project to help curtail the spread of HIV. Originally he intended to line up 25,000 pairs of shoes for a "Silent March: at New York's City Hall. New York Foundation for the Arts sponsored the project in 1995. Because of the funding challenges to fully develop the project Brancaccio took to the streets. Site-specific installations were produced using shoes belonging to people living with HIV, AIDS and of those who had lost their life to the disease.
He placed his works in Grand Central Terminal and other public spaces in New York City, and stood with a sign stating “AIDS Makes No Choices, You Do”. The shoes placed before him were tagged with the individual’s names, birth date and if appropriate their date of death. Prevention literature provided by the Center for Disease Control was distributed.
The Y Project.
"The Y Project" opened with “Y Discriminate” a bright pink sculpture in the shape of the letter Y. It was sited in New York City on Sixth Avenue and Ninth Street in 1998 on the Ruth Wittenberg Triangle; the beginning of Christopher Street where in 1969 the Stonewall riots began. The project is sponsored by New York Foundation for the Arts.
“The Y Project" a temporary public installation, uses the letter Y to represent the word why. Y steel sculptures stand ten feet tall and sport an engraved word running vertically down the letters base. (Y Art, Y Think, Y Care, etc.) Brancaccio asks, “Why do we live so comfortably with an imbalance of human equality and irresponsibility?” With its bold sculptures, the "Y" Project halts us in our tracks and is symbolic of the challenge of getting beyond the negativity to find the life-affirming positives in the world.
"Y AIDS" was placed in Providence, RI at Washington Plaza through Convergence 11 an international celebration of the arts in June 1998. The City Of Providence, Vincent A. Cianci, Jr., Mayor, and Nancy L. Derrig, Superintendent of the Department of Public Parks and Bob Rizzo, Director of the Office of Cultural Affairs, produced it.
The Cambridge Arts Council and the Puffin Foundation partially funded the project in 2008 for an installation in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Four Sculptures were installed; Y AIDS, Y Discriminate, Y Think and Y Care. Brancaccio worked with the Community Art Center's Teen Media Program creating films around the project. He also gave a presentation at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard. "The Y Project" has also been sited in Provincetown, MA, with the Provincetown Art Association and Museum, in 2009; Whitinsville, MA, in 2010 and The University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT, in 2011.
Lima Lives.
"Lima Lives!" is a sound and video installation that was funded by Atlanta's Flux Projects 2010. A collaborative effort with artists Ed and Linda Calhoun, the piece celebrates the life and spirit of Lima, a zebra that escaped from the Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus on February 18, 2010 and stopped traffic in Atlanta and later euthanized.. The installation combines real 911 tapes with a fictionalized look at Lima's early life as well as roving projection throughout the city. 
Other work.
In 2002 Brancaccio participated in a TransCultural Exchange project titled “The Coaster Project; Destination, the World”. Over 99+ artists transcended geographical, political and cultural boundaries to stage 99+ exhibitions throughout the world. Afterwards, all 10,000+ art works were given away in the guise of “coasters” at bars, cafes and restaurants. Brancaccio organized an event at Tokyo Eat at the Paris museum Palais de Tokyo. He also participated in The Tile Project: Destination, the World. He collaborated with artist Leo F. Hobaica, Jr. The piece is titled, "One Earth". Participants were asked to plant French soil in their country and send soil to them from their country. These soil samples were then mixed and used to create tiles.
In 2001 Brancaccio worked with the late Andrea Bronfman who chose a manhole cover print from the south of France from which he created a logo and theme that was used to adorn the celebrations of Charles Bronfman's seventieth birthday in the Israeli Negev Desert and on a Cunard Line yacht the Seabourn Goddess.
Brancaccio partnered in 2001 with ActionAIDS to bring “The Y Project” to Philadelphia, PA. While working towards authorization from the city to place ten Y sculptures, he collaborated with the Samuel S. Fleisher Art Memorial and the Rosenbach Museum & Library. Fourth graders at Greenfield Elementary School were taught manhole cover printing as part of the program "Planet Greenfield: A Neighborhood Mapping Project". He also taught his printing technique to adjudicated youth at ArtScape, a Mural Arts Program, and lectured at Central High School. Simultaneously the United States engaged in war with Iraq and due to a reduction in arts funding "The Y Project" for Philadelphia was put on hold.
A fundraising exhibition was held at the William Way LGBT Community Center March 2003. Auctioned off was his conceptual portrait of Elizabeth Taylor, created with footprints from her shoes. Shoes played a major role in another endeavor, a fund-raising project called "Putting Your Foot Down for AIDS." Following his idea with the manholes, Brancaccio began using the patterned soles of people's shoes as a printing plate. Some of the participants included celebrities such as actors James Earl Jones, Anjelica Huston along with designer Jean Paul Gaultier and director Pedro Almodóvar.
Selected Exhibitions.
2007 - "A Visual Travel Dairy" - Floorz 3/4 Jinmao, Shanghai, China
2007 - "Manhole Cover" - Reed Whipple Cultural Center Gallery - Las Vegas, NV
2003 - "The Name Game" - Parsons School of Design Gallery - Paris, France
1998 - "Y Shadow Boxes" - The John L. Stewart Collection, New York, New York
Group:
2012 - "Letter of Pleasure" – Gallerie Kunstwestthuringer – Bad Langensalza, Germany
2011 - "DMZ Art Festival" - Seokjang-Ri Art Museum - Yeonchen-Gun, Korea
2011 - "360 We & Everybody" - Hampden Galleries - University of Massachusetts, Amherst, Massachusetts
2009 - "Art Salat" - Seinajoen Taidehallissa, Seinajoki, Finland
2009 - "I Know U" - KIC Art Center, Shanghai, China
2007 - "Being" - Zhu Qi Shan Art Museum - Shanghai, China
2005 - "Dimensions Varied; Site Fixed" - Cambridge Arts Council Gallery, Cambridge, Massachusetts
2003 - "Postcards from the Edge" - Gallerie Lelong - New York, New York
2003 - "Peintures, verres et sculptures" - Galerie Allair-Aigret - Paris, France
1998 - "Reading Between the Lines" - Rotunda Gallery, Brooklyn, New York
1993 - "Silent March" - Minneapolis College of Art & Design, Minneapolis, Minnesota
References.
"Artist takes his work to the streets", by Miriam Pereira, "The Miami Herald", June 6, 1991.
""d'Egouts et des Couleurs"", Paris("AFP") May 11, 1998.
""Un beau voyage au pays des rats des villes"" by Muriel Steinmetz, "l'Humanite", July 4, 1998.
""L'histoire. Les egouts au musee" (Ralph Brancaccio), "Liberation", May 12, 1998.
"Artist teaches his unique form in V.I.", by Cristian Simescu, "Virgin Islands Daily News", February 28, 2009.
"Five-Part Tribute to a Local Hero", by Janet Allon, "The New York Times", April 12, 1998.
"Art project questions 'Y'", by Danielle Grote, "Philadelphia Gay News", March 21, 2003.
"Y asks why", by Mary Ann Bragg, "Cape Cod Times", June 10, 2009.
"Art to better the community and to fight AIDS", by Gloria Blakely, "The Philadelphia Sunday Sun", March 9, 2003.
"Pounding, and printing, pavements for art", by John Eckberg, "The Cincinnati Enquirer", May 18, 1992.
"Going the distance", "Artweek Magazine", October 21, 1993, Volume 24, Number 20.
"Shoes Sought for 'Silent March'", by Rawley Grau, "The Alternative", Lifestyle/Art.
"Egos & Ids: Gaultier and Mugler Will Wear Each Other's Clothes for a Cause", by Degen Pener, "The New York Times", September 6, 1992. 
"Artwork raises issues; Y Project has a visual impact", by Susan Spencer, "The Free Library", "Telegram & Gazette"(Worcester, MA), December 17, 2009.
"Expo plaques d'egouts", "France 3" Television, "Actualites", "France Soir": aired June 9, 1998.
External links.
Official website
Silent March A Public Service Announcement.
Lima Lives Atlanta, Roving Projections for Flux Projects Atlanta 2010.
News Interview Printing off manhole covers, filmed in Shanghai China 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="36693959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693959" title="Kevin Keller (composer)">
Kevin Keller (composer)

Kevin Keller (born April 27, 1967) is an American pianist and composer known primarily for "ambient chamber music", a style that combines live instruments with electronic effects.
Biography.
Starting out as a guitarist in his teen years, Keller turned to the piano while attending Jesuit High School, inspired by the music of Claude Debussy, Brian Eno, and Harold Budd. As a composition student, Keller composed ballet scores and chamber music, including a string quartet premiered by the Kronos Quartet at the 1986 Festival of New American Music. 
Keller's first solo recording "The Mask of Memory" (1994) came to the attention of radio producer Stephen Hill, who included several tracks on a Hearts of Space program titled "Digital Planet" in 1995. This was followed by a Living Room Concert and feature on Echoes, whose host John Diliberto named Keller's second CD "Intermezzo" as one of the Top 25 records of 1996. Since that time, Keller has released 6 full-length recordings and several EPs and compilations, working with musicians such as cellist David Darling, guitarist Jeff Pearce and Keller's own chamber ensemble of strings, woodwinds, percussion, and piano.
Keller currently resides in New York City, where he composes music for choreographers such as Dwight Rhoden, Elisa Monte, Amy Marshall, and Ray Sullivan. Keller's works are administered by BMI. His 2012 album "The Day I Met Myself" was produced by Russel Walder; the album won the ZMR Music Award for Best Neo-Classical Album of 2012.
Keller's new collection of solo piano music, titled "Nocturnes", was composed during this year's RPM Challenge.

</doc>
<doc id="36693962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693962" title="Crasta Mora">
Crasta Mora

The Crasta Mora is a mountain of the Albula Alps, overlooking Bever in the canton of Graubünden. It lies at the eastern end of the range between the Albula Pass and the Val Bever.

</doc>
<doc id="36693964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693964" title="Filton Bank Line">
Filton Bank Line

Filton Bank is the name given to a section of the Cross Country Route for rail in Bristol, roughly between and .
Description.
The line runs from Dr Days Junction, just south of , to Filton Junction, just north of , via Narroways Hill Junction. The section is long. The bank is largely double track, with sections of triple track around Filton Abbey Wood and from Dr Days Junction to Lawrence Hill.
History.
The line was built by the Bristol and South Wales Union Railway. It was four-tracked until 1984 when it was reduced to double track, with the running lines slewed over to increase line speeds.
Future.
It was announced in July 2012 that Filton Bank will be four-tracked. This will restore the separation between fast and stopping services, increasing capacity on the line, and allowing half-hourly services along the Severn Beach Line. The line will be electrified as part of the Great Western Main Line electrification scheme. In preparation for electrification, the footbridge at was replaced to give room for overhead cables.
In June 2013 this upgrade was listed in an announcement on national schemes by the Office of Rail Regulation. 

</doc>
<doc id="36693984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693984" title="St Peter's and St Paul's Church, Headcorn">
St Peter's and St Paul's Church, Headcorn

St Peter's and St Paul's Church is a parish church in Headcorn, Kent dedicated to saints Peter and Paul. It was begun in the 13th century. The church is a Grade I listed building.
Building.
Construction of the church was begun in the 13th century and continued during the 14th and 15th centuries. The church is constructed of Bethersden marble and has plain tiled roofs.
The late 14th-century west tower comprises three stages with buttresses on the external corners and a taller attached polygonal stair turret on the north-east corner. String courses separate each stage and a battlemented parapet forms the top of the walls on each side. The west side contains a three-lighted, cinquefoil-headed and traceried window in the first stage positioned above the small west door. The second stage contains small rectangular windows on the façades and the third stage contains two- or three-lighted belfry windows on each side with either trefoil or quatrefoil decoration.
The nave is probably 14th-century and is flanked on the south side by a late 14th-century aisle with its attached porch of a similar age. The parapets of the aisle and porch are battlemented. The three aisle windows are cinquefoil-topped and the porch inner doorway is of Bethesden marble. The north wall of the nave contains four three-lighted traceried windows separated by buttresses. The chancel is 13th century with the windows replaced probably in the late 14th century or in the 15th century. The east end is gabled with a tall window of two stacked groups of three cinquefoil-topped lights. Abutting the south side of the chancel is the south chapel which also dates from the 14th century. Four two-lighted windows alternate with buttresses on the south chapel wall and the east end contains a five-lighted traceried window.
Internally, the nave and south aisle are separated by an arcade of five pointed arches on octagonal columns with bases and capitals in Bethesden marble. The arch between chancel and nave and between south aisle and south chapel are similar. An arcade of two bays divides the chancel from the south chapel. The collar-rafter roof to the nave is late 14th century or early 15th century with seven moulded trusses. The pitched roof of the chancel is boarded and the roofs of the aisle and chapel are flat and boarded.
The 15th-century font is octagonal with carved sides. Piscina are located in the south walls at the east end of the aisle and the east end of the chapel and in the chancel. The screen is partly 16th century with linenfold panelling which also features on the late 19th century pulpit.
Monuments and memorials.
The churchyard contains a number of Grade II listed 18th-century table tombs.</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="36693986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693986" title="Julie Bresset">
Julie Bresset

Julie Bresset (9 June 1989, Saint-Brieuc) is a French mountain bike cyclist, who won the cross-country mountain bike race in the 2012 Summer Olympics. 
She was the overall winner of the World Cup mountain bike cross-country series in 2011 and finished top of women's elite cross-country ranking at the end of 2011.
She won the French national cross-country mountain bike championships in 2010, 2011 and 2012. 
At her first Olympics in 2012, she took the lead, which she never relinquished, from the second lap. By the third lap, the gap between her and the chasing group was already twenty seconds. This was her first international individual title at the senior level.

</doc>
<doc id="36693992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36693992" title="Uwe Adler">
Uwe Adler

Uwe Adler (born 30 May 1944) is a German modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics for the United Team of Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="36694000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694000" title="Michael Talia">
Michael Talia

Michael Talia (born 11 February 1993) is a professional Australian rules football player at the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was recruited by the club in the 2011 National Draft, with pick #39. Talia made his debut in Round 19, 2012, against at Docklands Stadium. He is also a brother of Daniel Talia who currently plays for Adelaide Crows, and is the grandson of Harvey Stevens a former AFL player leading the Western Bulldogs to their only premiership. 
Tali earned the Round 15 nomination for the 2013 AFL Rising Star for a 32-possession game against GWS.

</doc>
<doc id="36694007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694007" title="Josip Mišić (footballer, born 1994)">
Josip Mišić (footballer, born 1994)

Josip Mišić (born 28 June 1994) is a Croatian football midfielder, currently playing for Osijek in the Prva HNL.

</doc>
<doc id="36694012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694012" title="Saint Stephen's College">
Saint Stephen's College

Saint Stephen’s College (SSC) is a co-educational, Preparatory to Year 12 independent school, located in Coomera, a suburb on the Gold Coast of Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36694014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694014" title="Louis Michel Français Doyère">
Louis Michel Français Doyère

Louis Michel Français Doyère (born 28 January 1811 in Saint-Michel-des-Essartiers, Calvados; died 1863 in Corsica) was a French zoologist and agronomist.

</doc>
<doc id="36694026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694026" title="Skender Shengyli">
Skender Shengyli

Skender Shengyli (Serbian: Скендер Шенгуљ/"Skender Šengulj", born 15 February 1960 in Prizren) is a Kosovar Albanian football former player.

</doc>
<doc id="36694028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694028" title="Japan Confederation of Railway Workers' Unions">
Japan Confederation of Railway Workers' Unions

The is a Japanese trade union, which is usually referred to as in Japanese. 
In 2010, a complaint was lodged in the Diet that JR-Soren was being financially controlled by the Japan Revolutionary Communist League (Revolutionary Marxist Faction). JR-Soren denied the charges. The charge was repeated by Kansei Nakano and confirmed by several weekly magazines.
Composition.
JR-Soren consists of 11 unions and has 62,300 members. 
Overseas activities.
JR-Soren has assisted with construction of elementary schools in China, and in 2002, established an office in Kabul to support the people of Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="36694031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694031" title="Oracle Retail Predictive Application Server (RPAS)">
Oracle Retail Predictive Application Server (RPAS)

The Oracle Retail Predictive Application Server (commonly referred to as RPAS) is a configurable software platform for developing forecasting and planning applications, following a Client/Server OLAP model. The RPAS platform provides capabilities such as a multidimensional database structure (it follows the MOLAP model), batch and online processing, a configurable slice-and-dice user interface, a sophisticated configurable calculation engine, user security and utility functions such as importing and exporting.
RPAS is the foundation for a significant number of applications that are part of the Oracle Retail solution footprint, such as Oracle Retail Demand Forecasting, Oracle Merchandise Financial Planning, Oracle Assortment Planning, Oracle Item Planning, Oracle Size Profile Optimization, Oracle Replenishment Optimization and Oracle Advanced Inventory Planning.

</doc>
<doc id="36694044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694044" title="Gwendolen (novel)">
Gwendolen (novel)

Gwendolen (United Kingdom title) a 1989 novel by Nigerian-born writer Buchi Emecheta, also known by its United States title The Family. It is her tenth novel.
Plot summary.
Gwendolen, pet name June–June, is a young black Jamaican girl growing up with her maternal grandmother Naomi. Her African-ancestry parents Winston and Sonia Brillianton emigrate to England when she is still a child. Sonia does not claim her until Gwendolen is eleven, paying for her passage fare to England.
In Jamaica Gwendolen is sexually abused by a middle-aged neighbor Uncle Johnny. She tells this secret to her grandmother, who confronts the man and reveals it to the rest of their neighbors, thus bringing shame to Gwendolen.
In England Gwendolen attends school and helps take care of her two younger brothers, Ronald and Marcus, and their youngest sister, Cheryl.
When her mother goes back to Jamaica for an extended visit to attend to her dead grandmother Naomi, Gwendolen was again sexually abused – this time by her father Winston. She becomes pregnant; however, it is believed that the baby belongs to Emmanuel, Gwendolen's teenaged Greek boyfriend. Gwendolen is institutionalized in a mental hospital after going hysterical, but she tells no one the parentage of her unborn child for fear that her father may be imprisoned. Coincidentally, Winston is killed in a work accident. After giving birth to a healthy daughter, Gwendolen names her "Iyamide", a Yoruba name meaning "My mother is here". Seeing their resemblance, Sonia then realizes her dead husband is the true father of Gwendolen's child. 

</doc>
<doc id="36694050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694050" title="After Dark (Don Braden album)">
After Dark (Don Braden album)

After Dark is a 1994 album by American jazz tenor saxophonist Don Braden. Released on the Criss Cross Jazz label, the album presents a recording taken in New York City on January 5, 1993. Critically well received, "After Dark" is listed as one of the "Core Collection" albums in "The Penguin Guide to Jazz".
Theme.
Recorded in New York City on January 5, 1993, the album is centered on the theme of night time, with a mix of original compositions and jazz standards as well as one pop song by Stevie Wonder. Music critic Howard Reich suggested that Braden's goal was not to set out specific vignettes, but to "evoke different states of mind that the night inspires."
Critical reception.
The album has been critically well received. "The Penguin Guide to Jazz" numbers it among the "core collection" which jazz fans should possess. Allmusic describes it as one of the best releases of the year and adds that the album is "a positive step in Braden's rapid development." In its review of the album, "JazzTimes" wrote that Braden was a "magnetic player" and a "convincing composer", describing the album overall as "a very satisfying follow-up to Braden's previous Criss Cross dates". Reich, in "The Chicago Tribune", wrote that the album was "a strong performance from an up-and-coming talent", "a musically appealing and intellectually intriguing recording."

</doc>
<doc id="36694052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694052" title="Constant Hitmaker">
Constant Hitmaker

Constant Hitmaker is the debut studio album by American indie rock musician Kurt Vile, released in 2008 on Gulcher Records and Woodsist. Self-produced, and recorded between 2003 and 2007, the album is primarily composed of lo-fi home recordings that Vile had previously issued on CD-R. 
Following the album's release, Vile stated that "Constant Hitmaker" is "like a best-of, sort of, but leaning toward the psychedelic pop stuff, kind of my later material." 
Background and recording.
The majority of the album's tracks are home recordings, however, the album's opening track, "Freeway", was recorded at Miner Street studios with producer Brian McTear. Vile noted, "We were doing "Freeway" live — me and my buddy Adam at the time — and the live show was going good, and on that version we'd play along to the drum machine and blast guitars. [...] I'd done home recordings a lot and I was like, ‘I need to go in the studio.’" The song was recorded on July 6, 2006 by Vile, Granduciel and drummer "Cousin" Dan Bower, with Vile noting, "I remember I worked as much as possible to save up for the studio session."
According to Vile, '"Don’t Get Cute" I recorded when my wife was away. I was hanging with my friends and we stayed up all night to get it done, and then drove to see a show in New York the next night with no sleep. And "Slow Talkers" — I was definitely kind of out of my mind." The track, "Classic Rock in Spring", is influenced by the changing of the seasons, with Vile noting, "I wrote that song “Classic Rock In Spring” when spring started and I started feeling good again after winter. I feel like songs are written at particular times, and it definitely comes across as that certain way. In the winter, you can write some darker songs, but it does depend on what's going on at the time."
Regarding the album's lo-fi aesthetic, Vile noted, "album has songs that maybe if you don't normally listen to that stuff, you'd think were a bit throwaway because of the recording quality."
Release and reception.
Regarding the album's initial release on Gulcher Records, Vile stated, "I’m glad he did it — he really got the record out there. I didn’t know what labels to send stuff to. I’d meet bands I liked and give it to them. Like Ariel Pink, and bands would like it but I could never get someone to put it out. So my friend Richie who drums in Clockcleaner hooked me up. [...] I was paranoid about the recordings because I’d had them so long. I’d fixate on one detail. Like maybe a bad note -‘Oh, that’s too messy.’ But it’s gotten way more buzz than I could ever expect. It’s all a learning process. I always knew this was what I wanted to do. I’m happy it’s finally happening."
Artwork.
The album's front cover is inspired by the artwork to Bob Dylan's studio album, "Street-Legal" (1978), with Vile noting, ""Street-Legal" is like a cult classic. It’s pretty cheesy at times but you learn to embrace it. The words just keep coming and coming and you're like "How the fuck did Dylan think up all these insane lyrics, and why are the back-up singers repeating every single line?" Then, before you know it, you're hooked 'cause there's always another whacked line you missed. Awesome album cover, better than "Hassle". That’s actually where I got the concept for the "Constant Hitmaker" photo."
In 2013, regarding his home-city Philadelphia's influence on the album's artwork, Vile noted, "If you look at the cover of my first album, "Constant Hitmaker", that's what I think about when I think of Philly. Walking home from my job through the buildings - seeing urban decay and a wide open sky - because the neighbourhood where I live is not in the centre of the city."
Track listing.
"All songs written by Kurt Vile, except where noted."

</doc>
<doc id="36694060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694060" title="Antonia Pozzi">
Antonia Pozzi

Antonia Pozzi (13 February 1912 – 3 December 1938) was an Italian poet.

</doc>
<doc id="36694061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694061" title="Louis of France (1244–1260)">
Louis of France (1244–1260)

Louis of France (; 21 or 24 February 1244 – 11 January 1260 in Paris), was a prince from the House of Capet and briefly regent of France.
Life.
Louis was the eldest son of King Louis IX of France and his wife Margaret of Provence and, thus, the heir apparent to the French throne.
In 1248, his parents traveled to Egypt to participate in the Seventh Crusade. During their absence, his grandmother, Blanche of Castile, acted as regent. However, when she died in 1252, his parents were still crusading and the eight year old Louis was appointed regent. He did not actually rule the country; real power was in the hands of a royal council, led by his uncles Alphonse and Charles. Nevertheless, royal deeds were sealed in his name, and correspondence to the government was addressed to him personally. The basis of the arrangement was the unwritten (at the time) principle of primogeniture in French law: in the absence of written instructions to the contrary, the king's eldest son automatically became regent during the king's absence. This regency ended when Louis IX returned to Paris in 1254.
In subsequent years, Prince Louis was educated for his future rôle as king. The legal scholar Pierre de Fontaines dedicated his textbook to Prince Louis. On 20 August 1255, he was betrothed to Infanta Berengaria, a daughter of King Alfonso X of Castile and thus his paternal cousin. At the time, she was heir presumptive of Castile. However, shortly after the betrothal, Ferdinand de la Cerda was born, displacing his sister as heir.
Prince Louis and his younger brother Philip witnessed the sealing and oaths confirming the 1259 Treaty of Paris, which was intended to end the territorial conflict between England and France that had been raging since 1180. This treaty required that King Henry III of England pay homage to King Louis IX of France, which he did the following year.
Prince Louis fell ill after Christmas 1259 and died shortly after New Year, at the age of sixteen. The theologian Vincent of Beauvais wrote a for Louis IX, which is considered the traditional Christian consolation and a masterpiece in its genre. Louis' younger brother succeeded their father in 1270 as Philip III.
Prince Louis was buried in Royaumont Abbey. He was not buried in the royal crypt in Saint-Denis, because a decree of Louis IX reserves this crypt for crowned heads. Nevertheless, Louis' body was transferred there in 1817.

</doc>
<doc id="36694064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694064" title="Ivan Ibriks">
Ivan Ibriks

Ivan Ibriks (born 6 October 1987) is a Croatian football defender, currently playing for RNK Split in the Prva HNL.

</doc>
<doc id="36694070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694070" title="Live! (Kasabian album)">
Live! (Kasabian album)

Live! is the second live recording from the band Kasabian. It was recorded at the O2 Arena in London on 15 December 2011. It was released in CD, DVD and Blu-ray Disc formats.
The audio CD was recorded on 14 and 15 December 2011 and first released as a limited edition exclusively by Concert Live in February 2012 before being reissued by Sony in May 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36694080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694080" title="Tanya Huebner">
Tanya Huebner

Tanya Huebner (born 25 August 1978) is an Australian swimmer. She was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in swimming in the 50m Freestyle, 100m Freestyle, 100m Breaststroke, 50m Butterfly and 4x100m Freestyle Relay events.
Personal.
Huebner was born on 25 August 1978. She is from Victoria. She is very short. She is a teacher. In July 2011, she took a leave of absence from her job in order to train full time for the Paralympics. She has taught at St Joan of Arc Primary School, Brighton.
Swimming.
Huebner is an S6 classified swimmer. She is a member of the Bayside Swimming Club. She started swimming when she was very young.
In 2008, Huebner competed in Rock2Ramp. That year, she also competed in the Club-to-Club swim from Edithvale Life Saving Club to Aspendale Life Saving Club. In 2010, she woke up at 4:30am daily in order to train. She competed in the 2010 International Paralympic Committee swimming world championships. She took up a swimming scholarship at the Australian Institute of Sport in July 2011. She swum for Bayside at the 2011 Australian Open Championships. She competed in the 2011 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in the 200 meters individual medley SM6 event, where she finished first with a time of 3:31:36. In 2011, she also competed at the Can-Am Championships in California. She was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in swimming in the 50m Freestyle, 100m Freestyle, 100m Breaststroke, 50m Butterfly and 4x100m Freestyle Relay events. The Games were her first.

</doc>
<doc id="36694087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694087" title="InstaLoad">
InstaLoad

InstaLoad is a patented technology developed by Microsoft which allows cylindrical batteries to function in a battery holder regardless of the batteries polarity.
The InstaLoad technology may be licensed from the Microsoft Hardware Intellectual Property Licensing program. Microsoft provides royalty-free licensing for manufacturers of accessibility devices. InstaLoad is purely mechanical.
The device is designed to save time when swapping out batteries and reduce confusion from hard to read battery diagrams.
InstaLoad was designed to address the large number of phone calls to the Microsoft customer help desk in which consumers were improperly placing batteries in Microsoft wireless devices (such as the keyboard and mouse).

</doc>
<doc id="36694117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694117" title="Rosställispitz">
Rosställispitz

The Rosställispitz is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps, located west of Susch in the canton of Graubünden. It lies between the valleys of Vereina and Fless, north-east of the Flüela Wisshorn.

</doc>
<doc id="36694121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694121" title="Robert Phelps (pentathlete)">
Robert Phelps (pentathlete)

Robert Phelps (born 22 July 1939) is a British modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1964, 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36694130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694130" title="Glenallachie distillery">
Glenallachie distillery

Glenallachie is a malt whisky distillery in Aberlour founded in 1967. The distillery is owned by Chivas Brothers, itself part of Pernod-Ricard. It mainly produces whisky for blends, and also releases 2 official bottlings at cask strength, one of 16 and one of 18 years old.
History.
The Glenallachie distillery was built in 1967 by Mackinlay McPherson.
It was bought and mothballed by Invergordon Distillers in 1985. They sold it to Campbell Distillers in 1989, who restarted the distillery, and expanded the capacity with two extra stills, bringing the distillery to a two wash- two spirit still configuration.
Building.
The building of the Genallachie distillery was designed by S. Lothian Barclay from Lothian, Barclay Jarvis & Boys and Delme Evans It is located at the foot of Ben Rinnes, close to the Lour burn. The grounds has ponds that are fed by the Lour, that provide water for cooling.
Production.
The distillery draws its water from sping fed and snow water fed streams on Ben Rinnes. It uses lightly peated malts. The distillery uses a semi-lauter mash tun, and six stainless steel washbacks. It uses two lantern shaped wash stills, and two onion shaped spirit stills for distillation. The distilled spirit is matured in used oak bourbon barrels. Though the malt is mainly used in blends, it produces a 16 year old cask-strength bottling since 2005, and an 18 year old bottling since 2008. It is mainly used in the Chivas Brothers Cask Strength Clan Campbell blend, and also in the Legendary and White Heather blended whiskies. The whisky is bottled and sold as a twelve-year-old single malt by Delhaize, and Signatory bottles vintage editions of the whisky.

</doc>
<doc id="36694156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694156" title="Education in Gilgit–Baltistan">
Education in Gilgit–Baltistan

Gilgit Baltistan (GB) is an area which affiliated with Pakistan in 1948. There was no educational system at the time. Gradually some of the more ambitions students of GB moved toward different cities (such as Karachi and Lahore) in search of a better education. Some of them returned to their home after completion of their education, and started teaching their children, thus making people aware of what it was to be literate. They demanded the government build schools in the region, but their demand was neglected because the region didn't have a representative in the senate or National Assembly (Pakistan).
After several years, schools were opened in Gilgit Baltistan and thus its educational system came into being.
Beginnings.
At first, only primary and middle-schools were available. Gradually, these middle-schools were upgraded to high-schools. In the 70s, students had to migrate in order to attend university.
Actuality.
During the last decade the first higher education institutions were constructed. The first university, Karakoram University, was founded during the reign of Pervez Musharaf. The university was established in 2002 by a charter from the federal government on the orders of Pervez Musharraf, President of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. Another campus of this university was established in Skardu Hussain Abad in 2010, though it currently faces financial strains.
There are eighteen colleges in GB, including eight girls' colleges and ten boys' colleges. Ten of them are in the Gilgit district and seven are in the Skardu District. Seven are degree colleges, eight are intermediate and other two are elementary colleges.
Statistics.
According to a World Bank Economic Report On Gilgit-Baltistan (2010–11), the net primary school enrolment in Gilgit Baltistan is 51%, the net middle-school enrollment is 17%, and only 14% are enrolled in matric school. In other words, only 17 out of every 100 students achieve the middle level and only 14 out of every 100 students reach to matric level.
According to a current survey, approximately a thousand students belonging to Baltistan are studying in different colleges and universities of Karachi. There are no medical or engineering colleges in the area. A large number of students are studying in different colleges and schools of Pakistan. However, seats for Gilgit Baltistan are very limited in engineering and medical colleges.
There are no scholarship programs for higher education in GB. Medical colleges in Karachi do not provide a single seat for students coming from GB. On September 29, 2009 Prime Minister Gillani announced the foundation of the first medical college. However, construction hasn't begun. Currently, the local government has allocated an amount of over Rs361 million (5.3% of the total budget) towards education in the ares.

</doc>
<doc id="36694163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694163" title="Benjamin Finnis">
Benjamin Finnis

Benjamin Finnis (born 8 July 1937) is a British modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36694202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694202" title="Ivan Miličević">
Ivan Miličević

Ivan Miličević (born 11 February 1988 in Osijek) is a Croatian football forward, currently playing for Istra 1961 in the Prva HNL.

</doc>
<doc id="36694212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694212" title="Leahy, Washington">
Leahy, Washington

Leahy is an unincorporated community in Douglas County, Washington, United States. Leahy is located at the junction of Washington State Route 17 and Washington State Route 174 east-southeast of Bridgeport.

</doc>
<doc id="36694214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694214" title="Cuban House of David">
Cuban House of David


</doc>
<doc id="36694225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694225" title="Phil Jones (American football)">
Phil Jones (American football)

Phil Jones (born ca. 1946) is the head football coach at Shorter University in Rome, Georgia. He previously served as a head coach at several high schools across Georgia from 1973 through 1997 before he moved to the college ranks. After he served in assistant positions at Georgia, SMU and Gardner–Webb before he was hired in July 2004 to serve as the first head coach in the history of the Shorter football program. Through the 2012 season, Jones has compiled an overall record of 49 wins and 49 losses (49–49).

</doc>
<doc id="36694233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694233" title="Sam Byram">
Sam Byram

Samuel Mark "Sam" Byram (born 16 September 1993) is an English professional footballer who plays for Leeds United. The versatile youngster is comfortable in both a defensive or attacking position at right back or right-wing or central midfield In May 2013, Byram was called up to the England Under 20 team.
Youth career.
Byram was born in Thurrock, Essex before moving North where he attended Ralph Butterfield Primary School, Haxby, and then Joseph Rowntree School in York. He played for the City Schools team as a boy before joining Leeds United. After completing his secondary education at school, he signed scholar forms with the West Yorkshire club in 2010. During his first year as scholar, he played 'down' a year in the under-16 team to help his development as a footballer. He later progressed to his age group in the under-18s where he would become a regular in the team during his second year in 2011–12. As an integral part of the team, he scored several goals over the course of the season as the under-18s finished as runners-up to Newcastle United in their divisional academy league. Following the end of the season in May 2012, he was one of five young players rewarded with their first professional contracts for their performances in the campaign.
First team.
In the first friendly match of Leeds United's 2012–13 pre-season against Farsley, Byram was one of a number of youngsters given an opportunity to impress manager Neil Warnock when he lined up for the second half at Throstle Nest. United recorded a convincing 5–2 victory over their city rivals. Nevertheless, he would travel with the first-team on their summer tour of the South West of England the following week, featuring in the games against Tavistock, Bodmin Town and Torquay United. Byram remained as part of the first-team in pre-season after returning to the North; playing for an hour and scoring in the game away to Preston North End.
After impressing in pre-season, Byram was handed the number 25 shirt for the season ahead and he made his first team debut at Elland Road in a 4–0 victory over Shrewsbury Town on 11 August in the League Cup. Byram retained his place in the first-team the following week in United's first league game of the campaign against Wolverhampton Wanderers. He was part of a defence that kept a clean-sheet in a 1–0 victory over one of the early favourites for promotion and his performance out-wide against the England international Matt Jarvis won praise from several observers. He signed a new three-year contract with the West Yorkshire club two days after his league debut and only three months after signing his first professional contract with the club.
Byram scored his first professional goal on 28 August in the 3–0 League Cup second-round victory over Oxford United. Picking up the ball just outside of the penalty area, he beat two Oxford defenders with his first and second touches before chipping the goalkeeper from inside the box in the 34th minute to give his team a 2–0 lead. An impressed Neil Warnock told reporters after the game that "Sam will probably never score another goal like that in his career". Byram remained a permanent feature in the first-team squad during the early months of the season with United legend Eddie Gray tipping him to win a call-up to England Under-21 squad in the near future if he maintained his form. His former manager in the under-18s Neil Redfearn stated that Byram's rise through the ranks at the club served as a good example for other promising youngsters including his former team mates in the academy side; Ross Killock, Dominic Poleon and Simon Lenighan. On 2 October, he scored his first league goal for Leeds in a 2–2 draw away to Bolton Wanderers, heading in an El-Hadji Diouf cross. An away match at Leicester City on 5 March saw young Byram score his third goal for Leeds in a 1–1 draw.
After his impressive form for Leeds linked him with Premier League interest, Byram signed a new contract with Leeds on 26 January 2013, to extend his stay at the club until 2016. He scored his second league goal for the club on 6 March, in a 1–1 draw away at Leicester City, and followed this up with the equaliser in another 1–1 draw, at home to Peterborough United.
On 26 April 2013, Byram won the Yorkshire Evening Post Player of The Season award with 99% of the vote. After being linked with an £8 million pound move to Manchester City in the summer, Bryam proclaimed that he wanted to stay at Leeds to try earn promotion.
At the clubs annual end of season awards on 27 April, Byram won the Player of the Year Award, Young Player of the Year Award, Players Player of the Year Award and also the Supporters Club Player of the Year Award.
On 30 July 2013, Bryam was named in Sky Sports Football League Players to watch out for in the Football League. The hip injury sustained at the end of the 2012–13 season ruled Byram out of the England Under 20's World Cup. Bryam's injury caused him to miss the entire 2013–14 pre-season friendlies for Leeds. After missing the start of the 2013–14 season, on 6 August, Leeds Manager Brian McDermott proclaimed that Byram had an injection in his hip and the injury may require surgery which could potentially rule him out for several months. Byram made his first-team return on 21 September 2013, playing 57 minutes in Leeds' 2-1 defeat against Burnley. He also played Leeds' next game, a Capital One Cup defeat to Newcastle, playing the full 90 minutes.
International career.
On 17 May 2013, Byram was called up to the England Under 20's team by Peter Taylor for the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Turkey.
However on 11 June 2013 he withdrew as a precaution due to a hip injury sustained towards the end of the 2012/13 championship season.
Style of play.
Bryam's style of play has been likened by many to that of Real Madrid's Welsh international Gareth Bale. Byram's running power from full back and his ability to create play from deeper areas, has meant he has become one of the focal points of Leeds United's attacking play.

</doc>
<doc id="36694240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694240" title="Bircher Common">
Bircher Common

Bircher Common is an area of lowland heath in the county of Herefordshire, north of Leominster. The main features are Croft Castle and Croft Ambrey, a British Iron Age hill fort, both of which are owned by the National Trust 

</doc>
<doc id="36694262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694262" title="Anatolie Guidea">
Anatolie Guidea

Anatolie Ilarionovitch Guidea is a Bulgarian wrestler.
He represented Bulgaria at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's freestyle 60 kg and ranked 13th.

</doc>
<doc id="36694281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694281" title="Pablo Díaz">
Pablo Díaz

Pablo Mesa Díaz was a Cuban baseball catcher and first baseman in the Negro leagues. He played from 1930 to 1935 with several teams, including the Cuban Stars (East), Cuban Stars (West), the Cuban House of David, and the New York Cubans. He also played with Caguas in the Puerto Rican Winter League in 1939 and 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="36694297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694297" title="Alfonso Ottaviani">
Alfonso Ottaviani

Alfonso Ottaviani (born 5 October 1937) is an Italian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36694301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694301" title="2010 MJ72">
2010 MJ72


</doc>
<doc id="36694309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694309" title="Charles Messenger">
Charles Messenger

Charles Messenger may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36694312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694312" title="Perf (Linux)">
Perf (Linux)

perf (sometimes called "Perf Events" or perf tools, originally "Performance Counters for Linux", PCL) is a performance analyzing tool in Linux, available from Linux kernel version 2.6.31. Userspace controlling utility, named perf, is accessed from the command line and provides a number of subcommands; it is capable of statistical profiling of the entire system (both kernel and userland code).
It supports hardware performance counters, tracepoints, software performance counters (e.g. hrtimer), and dynamic probes (for example, kprobes or uprobes). In 2012, IBM recognized perf (along with OProfile) as one of the two most commonly used performance counter profiling tools on Linux.
With Linux kernel 3.14, released on 31 March 2014, perf also supports "running average power limit" (RAPL) for power consumption measurements, which is available of Intel CPUs.
Subcommands.
perf is used with several subcommands:
Implementation.
The interface between a utility and the kernel consists of only one syscall and is done via a file descriptor and a mmaped memory region.
Unlike oprofile or LTTng, no service daemons are needed, as most functionality is integrated into the kernel. The perf utility periodically dumps raw data from the mmaped buffer to disk.
According to R. Vitillo (LBNL), perf is a low-overhead profiling tool.
Architectures with hardware counters support at 2010: x86, PowerPC64, UltraSPARC (III and IV), ARM (v5, v6, v7, Cortex-A8 and -A9), Alpha EV56, SH.
Usage of Last Branch Records, a branch tracing implementation in newer Intel CPUs, is available with a patch.
Perf is supported by RHEL6, Debian Squeeze and other popular Linux distributions.
Critics.
The documentation of perf is not very detailed (as of 2014); for example, it does not document most events or explain their aliases (often external tools are used to get names and codes of events). Perf tools also cannot profile based on true wall-clock time.
The perf subsystem of Linux kernels from 2.6.37 up to 3.8.8 and RHEL6 kernel 2.6.32 contained a security vulnerability (CVE-2013-2094), which was exploited to gain root privileges by a local user. The problem was due to an incorrect type being used (32-bit int instead of 64-bit) in the event_id verification code path.

</doc>
<doc id="36694315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694315" title="Horse Creek">
Horse Creek

Horse Creek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36694319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694319" title="Silicoloculinida">
Silicoloculinida

The Silicoloculinida is an order of Cenozoic benthic foraminifera with tests made of imperforate opaline silica. The order is known from a single genus, Miliammellus, in the family Silicoloculinidae. 
The family Silicoloculinidae, named by Resig, et al., 1980, is characterized by tests that resemble those of the impeforate calcarous Miliolidae, or the finely agglutinated Rzehakinidae in which chambers are about half a coil in length and arranged in various planes. 
"Miliammellus", the one genus, named by Saidova and Burmistrova, 1978, has a small ovoid test, up to 0.5 mm long with chambers arranged as in the miliolid "Quinqueloculina". Chambers are slightly more than half a coil in length, resulting in successive whorls being offset, and are widest at their base, narrowing toward the aperture, a low arch at the end of the final chamber. "Miliammellus" has a range from the Upper Miocene to recent and has been found in the Bering Sea, Antactic, north and central Pacific, and Indian oceans at abyssal depths below 4,000 meters. The type species is "Miliammellus legis" Saidova and Burmistrova, 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="36694323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694323" title="Warren S. Dungan">
Warren S. Dungan

Warren Scott Dungan (September 17, 1822 – May 9, 1913) was an American politician and lawyer.
Born in Frankfort Springs, Pennsylvania, Dungan studied law and was admitted to the bar in Pennsylvania. He then moved to Chariton, Iowa, where he practiced law. Dungan served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He also served in both houses of the Iowa General Assembly and as Lieutenant Governor of Iowa. Dungan died in Chariton, Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="36694324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694324" title="Shigeki Mino">
Shigeki Mino

Shigeki Mino (born 5 February 1932) is a Japanese modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36694327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694327" title="Reginald Hallward">
Reginald Hallward

Reginald Hallward (1858–1948) was a British artist who was born at Sandown on the Isle of Wight. He was a glassmaker, poet, painter and book designer. He is best known for his stained glass and light glass works for British churches. Hallward founded a publishing business to publish his and his wife's books of poetry. Following World War I, Hallward created memorials for World War I soldiers in England, France and Belgium. 
Some of his projects involved his wife, an artist and poet, and his daughter, also an artist.
Education.
He privately educated before studying at the Slade School of Fine Art and the Royal College of Art.
Career.
Glasswork.
Hallward worked on stained glass and also painted tempera murals for several churches and throughout his life painted landscapes in oil. He was a regular exhibitor at the Royal Academy and the New English Art Club as well as the Royal Society of British Artists and the Dowdeswell Gallery in London organised several exhibitions of his work. He worked with Christopher Whall as a glassmaker during Whall’s time at Dorking 
Hallward utilized the British Art and Crafts style for his glasswork. He preferred to outline in black paint rather than have all his outlines in leaded glass. To ensure the quality he desired, he performed all the tasks for generating the final product. The tasks included "painting, firing and leading with his own hands."
Literature.
For a period he ran his own press, the Woodlands Press. He printed his own verse which he illustrated with chalk drawings that he created or those of Adelaide. This enterprise brought him into contact with James Guthrie of the Pear Tree Press and the two were to remain close friends. 
Hallward is thought incidentally to have been the inspiration for Basil Hallward in Oscar Wilde's "The Picture of Dorian Gray".
Paintings.
Hallward painted the landscape "Newport, Pembrokeshire" in oil on canvas in 1937. The painting is part of the collection of National Museum of Wales - Amgueddfa Cymru in Cathays Park, Cardiff (Caerdydd), Wales.
Personal life.
In 1887 he married Adelaide Bloxham who was also a painter, illustrator and author. They had three daughters, Faith Margaret, Patience Mary and Priscilla and two sons Michael and Christopher. His daughter Patricia Mary Hallward (1892–1981) was also an artist and trained with her father. Like Reginald she finally settled in Merionethshire.
For part of his life, Hallward lived in North Wales in the Mawddach Crescent, Fegla Fawr, Arthog. In 1901 moved to Shorne near Gravesend in Kent where he made his base until he retired to Merionethshire.

</doc>
<doc id="36694344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694344" title="Ioan Dicezare">
Ioan Dicezare

Ioan Dicezare (August 12, 1916, Bucharest – August 10, 2012, Bucharest) was a leading Romanian fighter pilot and flying ace in World War II. He was born and died in Bucharest.
On April 22, 1943 Dicezare engaged a Soviet bomber formation and shot down one A-20 Boston, which fell behind Axis lines. He then returned to the airfield and took the group's liaison Bf-108 Taifun. He landed near the crash site and took the pilot and the observer prisoner.
In over 500 combat operations He was credited with 16 confirmed victories (and 3 probable) in aerial combat.
Dicezare died August 10, 2012, 2 days before his 96th birthday. He was the last survivor of ”Grupul 7 Vânătoare” pilots who managed to escape the Stalingrad encirclement.

</doc>
<doc id="36694371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694371" title="Sassal Mason">
Sassal Mason

The Sassal Mason is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps, overlooking the Lago Bianco and the Bernina Pass in the canton of Graubünden. It is situated at the eastern end of the Bernina Range, between the Engadin and the Val Poschiavo

</doc>
<doc id="36694373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694373" title="Salem Bitar">
Salem Bitar

Salem Bitar is a Syrian football Goalkeeper who played for the Syria in the 1996 Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36694380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694380" title="Sven Mende">
Sven Mende

Sven Mende (born 18 January 1994 in Göppingen) is a German footballer who plays for Karlsruher SC.
Club career.
On 28 July 2012 Mende made his debut for VfB Stuttgart II in the 3. Liga against Kickers Offenbach as a substitute for Erich Berko.
On 24 January 2013 he moved to Karlsruher SC.
International career.
At the 2011 European U-17 Championship and the 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup Mende played for Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="36694390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694390" title="Yoshihide Fukutome">
Yoshihide Fukutome

Yoshihide Fukutome (born 10 March 1933) is a Japanese modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36694406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694406" title="Palair Macedonian Airlines Flight 301">
Palair Macedonian Airlines Flight 301

Palair Macedonian Airlines Flight 301 was a Fokker 100 that crashed shortly before landing into Skopje Airport on 5 March 1993. 83 of the 97 persons on board died in the accident.
Flight.
Flight 301 was an International Scheduled Passenger flight originating in Skopje, Macedonia with a final destination of Munich, Switzerland. 92 passengers and 5 crew were on board the aircraft. 
As Flight 301 took off, the local weather consisted of light snow with low overcast and visibility of about half a mile. Seconds after taking off from Runway 34, the aircraft began to experience heavy vibrations. While climbing through an approximate height of 50 ft and with an air speed of about 170 miles per hour, Flight 301 rolled to the left and then to the right. The aircraft's starboard wing tip struck the ground beyond the end of the runway. Flight 301 cartwheeled before crashing to the ground. The fuselage breaking up into three pieces. 
After the crash, United Nations peacekeepers assisted in rescue operations.
Palair Macedonian Airlines Flight 301 was the deadliest aviation accident involving a Fokker 100 at the time it took place. A record it maintained till TAM Flight 402 crashed on 31 October 1996. Flight 301 is still the second deadliest Fokker 100 crash.
Investigation.
The investigation board "determined that impact with the ground in a steep right bank shortly after liftoff was caused by loss of roll controllability due to contamination of the wings with ice. This situation resulted from an omission to carry out spraying of the aircraft with deicing or anti-icing fluid in meteorological conditions conducive to icing, due to a lack of ice-awareness of the flight crew and the Flying Station Engineer. Contributing factors were a lack of common background and procedures in a difficult multi-sources operational environment.
External links.
r

</doc>
<doc id="36694415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694415" title="Queen's Wood Country Park">
Queen's Wood Country Park

Queen's Wood is a forest and local tourist attraction located on Dinmore Hill, Herefordshire. It is home to a 47 acre arboretum that is designated an SSSI and an LNR 

</doc>
<doc id="36694420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694420" title="J.O.C. Orton">
J.O.C. Orton

J.O.C. Orton (1889-1962) was a British screenwriter. He was head of the story department for Gaumont British and was known for writing comedy scripts for such stars as Will Hay, Jack Hulbert and Arthur Askey.

</doc>
<doc id="36694429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694429" title="Daniel Nipkow">
Daniel Nipkow

Daniel Nipkow (born 1954) is a Swiss sport shooter. He won a silver medal in 50 metre rifle three positions at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="36694437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694437" title="Ahmed Kurdughli">
Ahmed Kurdughli

Ahmed Kurdughli is a Syrian football Midfielder who played for the Syria in the 1996 Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36694447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694447" title="Ammar Shamali">
Ammar Shamali

Ammar Shamali is a Syrian football Forward who played for Syria in the 1996 Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36694492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694492" title="Jonathan Uyloan">
Jonathan Uyloan

Jonathan Uyloan, (born November 26, 1983) is a Filipino-American professional basketball player currently playing for Rain or Shine Elasto Painters in the Philippine Basketball Association. He was undrafted and signed by the Elasto Painters in 2009.
PBA career statistics.
"Correct as of October 28, 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="36694508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694508" title="In the Shadow of Greatness">
In the Shadow of Greatness

In the Shadow of Greatness is a 2012 book written by 33 members of the United States Naval Academy Class of 2002 and published by the United States Naval Institute. The authors describe how their lives were shaped by their experiences at the Academy, the September 11, and events following graduation.
Released in August 2012, "In the Shadow of Greatness" achieved Los Angeles Times Bestseller status that October. John Nagl reviewed the book in the September 2012 issue of the Naval Institute's Proceedings Magazine, writing "All of these stories give voice to courage, sacrifice, and the nobility of living in the service of others." Tom Brokaw provided this blurb: "This is a must read for all Americans - an up close and personal account of duty and sacrifice by graduates of the U.S. Naval Academy in Iraq and Afghanistan."
The contributors describe the impact of September 11 on their professional lives, and the many years of repeated deployments on their personal lives. Combat infantry Marines tell of losing men in combat. Pilots tell of the stress of their missions. There are homages to the fallen, including Navy Lieutenant Richard F. Anderson, Marine Corps Capt. Matthew C. Freeman, Navy Lieutenant John J. Houston, Marine Corps Lt. Col. Kevin Shea, and Marine Corps 2nd Lieutenant Andrew Torres. The stories include relief assignments to Haiti, diplomatic missions, and cross-service training and deployments. Gary Ross discusses his same-sex marriage following the repeal of DADT; others tell of harrowing rescues at sea and in the crater of Mount St. Helens. Other topics include two-career couples and the long wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The foreword was written by David Gergen and the epilogue by Admiral Mike Mullen. General John Allen—Commandant of Midshipmen in 2002—wrote for the book, as did his predecessor, Admiral Sam Locklear.
The authors' proceeds go to veterans' organizations, including Luke's Wings, the Semper Fi Fund, The Mission Continues, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, The Travis Manion Foundation, and the Matthew Freeman Project.

</doc>
<doc id="36694509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694509" title="Vic White">
Vic White

Victor Harry "Vic" White (born 20 May 1932) is a retired British speedway rider, promoter and team manager.
Biography.
White was born in Hackney in 1932, and took up speedway in 1956. After gaining experience on training tracks, White made his competitive debut in 1959 for Ipswich in the Southern Area League, and went on to ride for Cradley Heath in 1960 and 1961. He then moved on to Leicester Hunters who he rode for (and captained) until 1963, when he moved to the Long Eaton Archers. After riding for Newport Wasps in 1964 and 1965, also riding for Belle Vue Aces in 1965, he returned to Long Eaton in 1966. In 1968 he moved with the promotion to the newly formed Leicester Lions, retiring during the season but soon returning, finishing the season with Reading Racers. He was the only rider to ride for both the Hunters and the Lions. 
Retiring from racing for good at the end of the 1968 season, White worked in promotion and team management, working with Long Eaton, Scunthorpe Scorpions, Leicester, Cradley Heath, and Coventry Bees.
Vic's son Keith followed him into a career in speedway, riding under Vic's management at Leicester in the 1970s.
Vic White served as President of the World Speedway Riders' Association in 1998, later serving as secretary and treasurer.

</doc>
<doc id="36694535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694535" title="Sturgeon Creek (disambiguation)">
Sturgeon Creek (disambiguation)

Sturgeon Creek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36694540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694540" title="Daniel Day">
Daniel Day

Daniel Day may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36694552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694552" title="CMLL Universal Championship (2012)">
CMLL Universal Championship (2012)

The CMLL Universal Championship 2012 ("Campeonato Universal" in Spanish) was a professional wrestling tournament produced by the Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) promotion, which took place over three shows between August 17 and August 31, 2012, in Arena México, Mexico City, Mexico. The CMLL Universal Championship is an annual tournament of CMLL Champions that was first held in 2009.
Background.
The tournament featured 15 professional wrestling matches under elimination rules, which means that wrestlers were eliminated when they lose a match. There were no specific storylines that build to the tournament, rather is an annual tournament held by CMLL since 2009, replacing their "Leyenda de Plata" tournament. All male "non-regional" CMLL Champions at the time of the tournament were involved in the tournament. Regionally promoted championships such as the CMLL Arena Coliseo Tag Team Championship and the Occidente championships promoted in Guadalajara, Jalisco were not included in the tournament, only titles that have been defended in CMLL's main venue Arena Mexico were included. The tournament was divided into two qualifying blocks, which took place on August 17 and August 24, while the finals took place on August 31, 2012.
2012 Universal Championship tournament.
When CMLL announced the 2012 tournament the following champions were eligible to participate:
Block A took place on August 17, 2012, and featured eight champions wrestling for a place in the finals.
Block B took place on August 24, 2012, and featured eight champions wrestling for a place in the finals.
The finals of the tournament took place on August 31, 2012, and saw El Terrible defeat Tanahashi two falls to one to become the 2012 Universal Champion.

</doc>
<doc id="36694565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694565" title="Richland Creek">
Richland Creek

Richland Creek is the name of several streams in the United States, including: 

</doc>
<doc id="36694568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694568" title="List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 18th Congress by seniority">
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 18th Congress by seniority

This is a list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 18th United States Congress by seniority. For the most part, representatives are ranked by the beginning of their terms in office.
As an historical article, the districts and party affiliations listed reflect those during the 18th Congress (March 4, 1823–March 3, 1825). Seats and party affiliations on similar lists for other Congresses will be different for certain members.
This article describes the criteria for seniority in the House of Representatives and sets out the list of members by seniority. It is prepared on the basis of the interpretation of seniority applied to the House of Representatives in the 112th Congress. In the absence of information to the contrary, it is presumed that the twenty-first-century practice is identical to the seniority customs used during the 18th Congress.
House seniority.
Seniority in the House, for Congressmen with unbroken service, depends on the date on which the members first term began. That date is either the start of the Congress (4th March in odd numbered years, for the era up to and including the 73rd Congress starting in 1933) or the date of a special election during the Congress. Since many members start serving on the same day as others, ranking between them is based on alphabetical order by the last name of the congressman.
Congressmen, in early Congresses, were often elected after the legal start of the Congress. Such representatives are attributed with unbroken seniority, from the legal start of the congressional term, if they were the first person elected to a seat in a Congress. The date of the election is indicated in a note.
The seniority date is normally taken from the members entry in the "Biographical Directory of the United States Congress", except where the date given is the legal start of the Congress and the actual election (for someone who was not the first person elected to the seat in that Congress) was later. The date of election is taken from "United States Congressional Elections 1788-1997". In a few instances the latter work provides dates, for the start and end of terms, which correct those in the Biographical Directory. 
The Biographical Directory normally uses the date of a special election, as the seniority date. However, mostly in early Congresses, the date of the member taking his seat can be the one given. The date of the special election is mentioned in a note to the list below, when that date is not used as the seniority date by the Biographical Directory. 
Representatives who returned to the House, after having previously served, are credited with service equal to one less than the total number of terms they served. When a representative has served a prior term of less than two terms (i.e. prior term minus one equals less than one), he is ranked above all others whose service begins on the same day.
Leadership.
In this Congress the only formal leader was the Speaker of the House. A Speakership election was held on December 1, 1823. Henry Clay (A-DR,KY) was elected in the only ballot. He had been Speaker for all or part of the 12th to 16th Congresses, but had not been a member of the 17th Congress.
In the ballot, Speaker Clay received 139 votes and Philip P. Barbour (C-DR,VA) got 42 votes. Congressman Barbour had been the Speaker in the 17th Congress. 
The title Dean of the House (sometimes known, in the nineteenth century, as Father of the House) was held by the member with the longest continuous service. It was not a formal leadership position.
Standing Committees.
The House created its first standing committee, on April 13, 1789. There were twenty-five standing committees, listed in the rules used by the 18th Congress.
Committees, in this period, were normally appointed for a session at a time by the Speaker. However the resolution of March 30, 1816, which created the committees on departmental expenditures and Expenditures on Public Buildings, provided for those standing committees to be appointed for the whole Congress.
This list refers to the standing committees of the House in the 18th Congress, the year of establishment as a standing committee, the number of members assigned to the committee and the dates of appointment in each session (or if appropriate for the Congress), the end of the session (if appropriate) and its chairman. Chairmen, who were re-appointed after serving in the previous Congress, are indicated by an *. 
The first session was December 1, 1823-May 27, 1824 (178 days) and the second session was December 6, 1824-March 3, 1825 (88 days).
List of Representatives by seniority.
A numerical rank is assigned to each of the 213 members initially elected to the 18th Congress. Other members, who were not the first person elected to a seat but who joined the House during the Congress, are not assigned a number.
Four representatives-elect were not sworn in. Three resigned (MD-5:Smith, MA-10, NY-28) and one was unseated after an election contest (NY-29). The list below includes the Representatives-elect (with name in italics), with the seniority they would have held if sworn in.
Party designations used in this article are DR for Democratic-Republican members and F for Federalist representatives. For the 18th Congress only, each party is further divided based upon the Presidential candidates supported. The prefixes used are A- for Adams-Clay supporters, C- for the followers of Crawford and J- for the Jackson men. Designations used for service in the first three congresses are (A) for Anti-Administration members and (P) for Pro-Administration representatives.

</doc>
<doc id="36694577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694577" title="Reil Cervantes">
Reil Cervantes

Reil T. Cervantes, (born August 16, 1986) is a Filipino professional basketball player currently playing for Barako Bull Energy Cola in the Philippine Basketball Association. He is drafted 9th by the Barangay Ginebra Kings in the 2011 PBA Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="36694582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694582" title="Zombie Massacre (film)">
Zombie Massacre (film)

Zombi Massacre (UK DVD title, Apocalypse Z) is a 2013 zombie horror film written and directed by Luca Boni and Marco Ristori. Uwe Boll served as producer and acted within the film in the role of President of the United States. The film stars Christian Boeving, Mike Mitchell, and Tara Cardinal, and is an adaptation of the Wii video game of the same name, developed by 1988 Games. The film had its UK DVD release on July 1, 2013.
Plot.
As the U.S. government begins experimenting with a bacteriological weapon in a small town in Eastern Europe, a disaster occurs in which the weapon spreads its effects on the citizens of the area, turning them into mutated zombies. To cover up the exposure and make it look like a nuclear meltdown of an area power station, the U.S. President orders a team of contracted mercenaries to be sent in to wipe out the zombie plague and secure the "accident" while facing off with the infected horde.
Production.
Plans for the film and Wii video game were first announced in 2007. In 2011 it was announced that Boni and Ristori were attached to direct, with filming expected to take place the following year. A trailer for "Apocalypse Z" was released in October 2012.
Reception.
HorrorNews.net gave the film a rating of C-, stating that while the film was "overall " the directing and makeup effects were a highlight.

</doc>
<doc id="36694591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694591" title="Otakar Hořínek">
Otakar Hořínek

Otakar Hořínek (born 12 May 1929) is a Czech sport shooter. He was born in Prostějov. Competing for Czechoslovakia, he won a silver medal in 50 metre rifle three positions at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="36694603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694603" title="Margaritidae">
Margaritidae

Margaritidae is a family of small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Trochoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera within the family Margaritidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="36694616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694616" title="Journey (NGO)">
Journey (NGO)

Journey is a Maldives-based non-governmental organization (NGO) that focuses on the use of drugs and HIV (human immunodeficiency virus). The organization was officially registered on November 29, 2005 with the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Republic of Maldives and functions within the premises of the Maldivian legal and regulatory system.
Mission and aims.
The primary mission of Journey consists of the following:
The main goals of Journey are:
Journey was established by recovering addicts who had gone through all the suffering and misery of ceasing drug use. In addition, the NGO is managed and run by recovering drug users. Journey believes its staff members are extremely helpful as they can feel and understand the experiences of their addicted brothers and sisters. This is the main reason why Journey took the initiative to help and assist others through their recoveries from drug dependency.
HIV and Drug Prevention Campaigns.
Journey has started three HIV and drug prevention campaigns to prevent youth from experimenting with drugs and engaging in risky activities which can lead to HIV. 

</doc>
<doc id="36694620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694620" title="Olympic diploma">
Olympic diploma

An Olympic diploma is a paper certificate awarded to the top eight finishers in competitions at the Olympic Games. While the top three finishers have received medals since the 1896 Olympics, in 1949 diplomas for athletes placing fourth, fifth, and sixth were established, and in 1981 diplomas for seventh- and eighth-place finishers were added.
The diploma is inscribed and signed by autopen with the signatures of the president of the International Olympic Committee and the head of the organizing committee for each Olympics. The design of the diploma, as with the design of the Olympic medals, must be approved by the IOC.
An athlete who receives a diploma and is subsequently sanctioned for violations of the IOC Code of Ethics, the World Anti-Doping Code, or other charters must return the diploma to the IOC.

</doc>
<doc id="36694630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694630" title="Douglas Burrows">
Douglas Burrows

Douglas Squire Irving Burrows CBE (Civil) MBE (Military) (7 August 1915 – 10 December 1982) was an Australian stock broker, businessman and philanphropist who from 1970 until his death was President of the Board Royal Alexandra Hospital for Children. With Lorimer Dods and John Fulton he co-founded the Children's Medical Research Foundation of which from 1970 he became the Chairman of the Management Committee.
Early life.
Burrows was born in Sydney, New South Wales, the son of Rita (née Squire) and Harry Irving Burrows. He was educated at Newington College (1932–1934) and rowed in the 1st IV at the GPS Head of the River in 1933 and 1934. In 1934 he was stroke of the crew. Burrows was Captain of 1st Rifle Shooting Team in 1934. Under his captaincy, the team were GPS Premiers that year and won the Earl Roberts Trophy.
Working life.
Upon finishing school, Burrows gained employment with the chartered accounting firm Priestley & Morris. He stayed with the firm until the beginning of WWII and at war's end rejoined them briefly beforing joining A J Dawson as an Accountant. In 1951, Burrows became a Member of the Sydney Stock Exchange as a partner of Ernest L Davis & Co. He later served as a director of A J Dawson Ltd, and as Deputy Chairman of Edward Lumley Ltd, Security Life Assurance Ltd and Security & General Insurance Company Ltd.
War service.
In 1939, Burrows enlisted in the Australian Army and travelled with the first group of enlisted men on the first boat to leave after the beginning of the war. He served in North Africa, Greece and eventually in New Guinea on the Kokoda Track. As Major Douglas Burrows, he became Deputy Assistant Adjutant General of the Australian 6th Division. In that role he was responsible for coordinating the ceremony for the signing of surrender documents by Lieutenant General Hatazo Adachi, Commander of the Japanese 18th Army in New Guinea. After signing the unconditional surrender, Adachi presented his sword to the General Officer Commanding, 6th Division, Major General Horace Robertson. Adachi's aide then surrendered his sword to Burrows and this weapon remains with the Burrows family to this day. On 14 February 1946 he was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire in the Military Division for his war service.
Marriage and family.
On 15 August 1942, whilst on a few days army leave, Burrows married Valma Ashcroft who had modelled for advertisements, the Australian Wool Board and women's magazines including covers for the Australian Women's Weekly. They had three children; Mark Douglas Burrows AO; Peter Irving Burrows AO; and Tina Burrows. During their married life, the Burrows were residents of St Ives, New South Wales.
Childrens Hospital.
In 1952, Burrows joined the board of the Royal Alexandra Hospital for Children. He served as Treasurer (1959–66) and Vice-President (1966–70) before becoming President and serving in that role for eleven years. Valma Burrows was also appointed to the board in 1973 and he remained as chairman until he died during a heart operation in 1982.
Honours.
Burrows was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (Civil) on 16 June 1979 in recognition of his services to children's health. The University of Sydney Medical School Foundation's Douglas Burrows Chair of Paediatrics and Child Health was established in 1983 in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="36694632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694632" title="Film Quota Act">
Film Quota Act

The Film Quota Act, full title the New South Wales Cinematograph Films (Australian Quota) Act was an act of legislation passed in September 1935 that came into force on 1 January 1936. Under the Act it was compulsory that in the first year of operation 5 per cent, of the films distributed in New South Wales must be Australian productions, the percentage to increase yearly for five years when it becomes 15 per cent.
The Act was introduced at the behest of New South Wales' Premier Bertram Stevens. Its ultimate impact turned out to be limited due to a loophole in the legislation. The use of the word "acquire" meant it was considered that the act was drafted to reflect exhibition of films, not ensure production; distributors argued they had no obligation to produce movies. Some American distributors made veiled threats to remove Hollywood films from exhibition.
In 1937 the New South Wales government decided not to force distributors to participate in production. Similar legislation was passed in Victoria but was never proclaimed. By the end of the decade the quota law had ceased to operate in practice.

</doc>
<doc id="36694634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694634" title="List of people from Sherman, Texas">
List of people from Sherman, Texas

The following list includes notable people who were born or have lived in Sherman, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="36694644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694644" title="Andrew McPherson (ice hockey)">
Andrew McPherson (ice hockey)

Andrew McPherson (born April 28, 1979) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for the Fischtown Pinguins of Germany's 2nd Bundesliga. He was drafted by the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft, selected in the 9th round (261st overall).
Career.
After spending four seasons at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, McPherson joined the Wheeling Nailers of the ECHL at the start of the 2002-03 ECHL season. He also split part of his rookie season with Charlotte Checkers and the New Mexico Scorpions of the CHL. McPherson spent his 2003-04 season with the Roanoke Express, where he scored 37 points in 70 games. 
On June 4, 2004, McPherson was sent to the Trenton Titans to complete an earlier deal that Roanoke had made earlier in the season in which Shaun Fisher was dealt to Roanoke for future considerations. He would later sign a contract with the Titans on July 9, 2004, but would not play a game with the team and was released on October 20, 2004. McPherson later signed with the Port Huron Beacons of the United Hockey League. After one season with the Beacons, McPherson left North America to play in various German professional hockey leagues.
McPherson signed a one-year contract with the Fischtown Pinguins on August 3, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36694647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694647" title="2012 Zucchetti Kos Tennis Cup – Singles">
2012 Zucchetti Kos Tennis Cup – Singles

Daniel Muñoz-de la Nava was the defending champion, but lost in the second round.<br>
Paolo Lorenzi won the title, defeating Daniel Gimeno-Traver 7–6(7–5), 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36694655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694655" title="Tunneling to the Center of the Earth">
Tunneling to the Center of the Earth

Tunneling to the Center of the Earth is the debut story collection of Kevin Wilson, published in April 2009 by Ecco/HarperCollins.

</doc>
<doc id="36694683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694683" title="Rafał Sikora">
Rafał Sikora

Rafał Sikora (born February 17, 1987 in Mielec) is a Polish race walker.
He represented his country at the 2012 Olympic Games in London finishing 18th.
Personal bests.
Outdoor
Indoor

</doc>
<doc id="36694687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694687" title="Vice presidential candidacy of Paul Ryan">
Vice presidential candidacy of Paul Ryan

Congressman Paul Ryan was chosen by the Mitt Romney 2012 campaign as the Vice-Presidential Nominee of the United States Republican Party. 
On August 11, 2012, Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney announced that he had selected Ryan to be his vice-presidential running mate. Ryan is also running for re-election to his seat in the House of Representatives in November 2012. Ryan was officially nominated at the Republican convention in Tampa on August 29, 2012.
Congressmen as Vice Presidential candidates.
In the United States, most Presidential and Vice-Presidential nominees are governors or senators. It is somewhat rare for members of the House of Representatives to be nominated—the last time a sitting House member had be nominated by a major party as VP was 28 years earlier, when Geraldine Ferraro was nominated in 1984. The last time a sitting House member won the Vice-Presidency was 80 years prior to the Ryan pick: In 1932, House Speaker John Nance Garner was elected to the Vice-Presidency under President Franklin Roosevelt.
Selection.
Dan Balz of "The Washington Post" wrote that Ryan was promoted as a candidate for Vice President "by major elements of the conservative opinion makers, including "The Wall Street Journal" editorial page, the "Weekly Standard" and the editor of "National Review"."
Rollout.
On August 11, 2012 the Romney campaign officially announced Ryan as its choice for Vice President through its "Mitt's VP" mobile app as well as by the social networking service Twitter, about 90 minutes before Romney's in-person introduction. Before the official announcement in Norfolk, it was reported that Romney had decided to choose Ryan on August 1, 2012, the day after returning from his foreign trip through the United Kingdom, Poland and Israel. On August 11, 2012, Ryan formally accepted Romney's invitation to join his campaign as his running mate, in front of the USS "Wisconsin" in Norfolk, Virginia. Ryan is the major parties' first-ever vice-presidential candidate from Wisconsin.
According to a statistical-historical analysis conducted by Nate Silver, "Ryan is the most conservative Republican member of Congress to be picked for the vice-presidential slot since at least 1900" and "is also more conservative than any Democratic nominee vice president who previously served in the Congress was liberal, meaning that he is the furthest from the center" of any vice presidential candidate chosen from Congress since the turn of the 20th century. This analysis, using the DW-NOMINATE statistical system, has been described as "one of the more statistically rigorous approaches to Ryan's congressional voting record." Political scientist Eric Schickler commented that while Ryan "may well be the most conservative vice presidential nominee in decades," the NOMINATE methodology "is not suited to making claims about the relative liberalism or conservatism of politicians" over a long time span. A "USA Today"/Gallup poll found that 39% thought Ryan was an "excellent" or "pretty good" vice presidential choice, compared to 42% who felt he was a "fair" or "poor" choice.
Convention.
Ryan formally accepted his nomination at the 2012 Republican National Convention on August 29, 2012. In his acceptance speech, he promoted Mitt Romney as the presidential candidate, supported repeal of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA), said that he and Romney have a plan to generate 12 million new jobs over the next four years, and promoted founding principles as a solution: "We will not duck the tough issues – we will lead. We will not spend four years blaming others – we will take responsibility. We will not try to replace our founding principles, we will reapply our founding principles." The speech was well received by the convention audience and praised for being well-delivered. However, media fact-checkers at the "New York Times", the Associated Press, and Factcheck.org the Investor's Business Daily, and Fox News disputed some of the claims by the fact-checkers.
Vice-Presidential Debate.
On October 11, Ryan debated his Democratic counterpart, incumbent Vice-President Joe Biden, in the only Vice-Presidential debate of the 2012 election cycle.
The debate was satirized by the subsequent Saturday Night Live, which feature an appearance by Olympic runner Usain Bolt.

</doc>
<doc id="36694692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694692" title="Camilo Rivas">
Camilo Rivas

Carlos "Camilo" Rivas (born 1898, date of death unknown) was an Argentine track and field athlete. Rivas competed in the men's 100 metres hurdles and the men's 4 x 100 metres relay at the 1924 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36694694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694694" title="Stalin Srinivasan">
Stalin Srinivasan

K. Srinivasan (1899-1975), also known as Stalin Srinivasan, was an Indian journalist and Indian independence activist who founded the journal "Manikodi" in 1932. He was also one of the founders of the "Free Press Journal". Upon India's independence, he served as the first chief film censor of Madras state. Acclaimed civil lawyer Radha Srinivasan is Stalin Srinivasan's daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="36694708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694708" title="Department of Architecture, Universiti Teknologi Malaysia">
Department of Architecture, Universiti Teknologi Malaysia

The Department of Architecture (), Universiti Teknologi Malaysia (UTM) is the oldest school of architecture in Malaysia. It is one of the five schools under the Faculty of Built Environment. The origin of the school could be traced back to the early days of Kuala Lumpur Technical School, Brickfields Drive, Kuala Lumpur which was established in 1904. Its current reiteration was founded in 1975 in Jalan Gurney, Kuala Lumpur. The school later was moved to its current location in Skudai Campus, Johor during the mass migration into the larger, eventually the main campus of UTM, in 1987.
Terminology.
The Department of Architecture is the current, most used term when referring to the entity in its entirety. It is also referred to as the School for short. Previously, the School was the only department under the Faculty of Architecture. As more departments opened under its wings (Department of Town & Regional Planning, Department of Quantity Surveying, Department of Landscape Architecture), the name of the Faculty was changed to the Faculty of Built Environment.
Academic.
Research Center and Areas of Specialization.
The School is home to the Center of Built Environment in the Malay World () or KALAM. The Centre was set up in June 1996 on the foundation of numerous intricate measured drawing works done by the students of the Department of Architecture out of concern for the rapid disintegration and elimination of Malaysia ‘s architectural heritage. With the accumulation of these works since 1975 (over 350 buildings documented), the research towards the identification, classification and analysis of the architectural heritage was established through undergraduate and post-graduate studies.
Degrees Offered.
At the moment, the School is in the middle of a transition between the current 5 year Bachelor of Architecture (Part 2) programme to the new 3+2 programme. Until the next 3-4 years, it would seem as if the school is offering three different degrees: the Bachelor of Architecture, Bachelor of Science in Architecture (3 years Part 1) and Masters of Architecture (2 years Part 2). In actual fact, the Bachelor of Architecture is being phased out, and not taking anymore students. 
All intakes beginning 2012 are as follows:
Accreditation.
The Bachelor of Architecture (Hons) (5 Years) Programme in UTM have continued being accredited by the Lembaga Akitek Malaysia (LAM). The latest accreditation visit was successfully received in May 2011, where LAM have granted accreditation of Part 1 and Part 2 to the programme which expires 2015.
The next accreditation visit will review the new 3+2 programme (3 Years Bachelor of Science in Architecture + 2 Years Masters of Architecture). The current 5 year programme will be discontinued and currently no longer offered to new students.
Distinguished Alumni and Former Faculty.
Former Faculty Members.
Others:
- Hasanuddin Lamit
- Mohd Zambri Hussain
- Asrul Mahjuddin Ressang Aminuddin
- Mahanum Dol
- Ra'alah Mohamad
- Ahmad Rafi Mohd. Eshaq
- Hamidah Ahmad
- Adifitri Ahmad
Competitions and Awards.
The School encourages its students and members to participate actively in various competitions. Below is a list of notable winnings and awards throughout the years.
Student Body.
The Architectural Society of Universiti Teknologi Malaysia (PSUTM), more commonly known as Architech, is the official association of students of architecture in UTM. It was formed in 1984 during the Kuala Lumpur days, and one of the earliest students association to be registered under Office of Students' Affair (HEMA, previously HEP), and is acknowledged as one of the most active students association in UTM. 
Its members consist of the entire architecture students population in UTM, where students enrolled in the programme are automatically registered under it unless otherwise requested. Previously it also included students of landscape architecture until they formed their own students society in late 1990s. 
The main role of Architech is to manage the welfare of the UTM architecture students, organize events of various forms for the benefits of its members, to become the voice of the students in the school, and ultimately to ensure the advancement of non-academic qualities amongst its members.
Architech is led by its president, democratically elected amongst its members for a term of one year. The president is assisted by the vice president, secretary and treasurer, all of which are democratically elected as well. Together, they will form their government, electing individuals of various skills into official positions where their skills could be harnessed for the benefit of the society. These positions evolve and vary throughout the years as it is needed.

</doc>
<doc id="36694720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694720" title="NGC 2119">
NGC 2119

NGC 2119 (also identified as UGC 3380 or PGC 18136) is a galaxy in the constellation Orion.
This object was listed in the original NGC Catalog.

</doc>
<doc id="36694730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694730" title="Félix Escobar">
Félix Escobar

Félix A. Escobar (born 1901, date of death unknown) was an Argentine track and field athlete. Escobar competed in the men's 110 metres , the men's 400 metres, the men's 100 metres, and the men's 4 x 100 metres relay at the 1924 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36694734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694734" title="Christian Planer">
Christian Planer

Christian Planer (born 1975) is an Austrian sport shooter. He was born in Kufstein. He won a bronze medal in 50 metre rifle three positions at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="36694740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694740" title="Asplöven HC">
Asplöven HC

Asplöven HC is an ice hockey club from Haparanda, Sweden, playing in Sweden's second tier league HockeyAllsvenskan. They play their home games at the Arena Polarica, which seats 1500 spectators.
History.
Asplöven HC were founded on 14 April, 1972. Asplöven were promoted to HockeyAllsvenskan for the 2012–13 season, after Borås HC was relegated due to that club's financial troubles.

</doc>
<doc id="36694746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694746" title="1963–64 Yugoslav Cup">
1963–64 Yugoslav Cup

The 1963–64 Yugoslav Cup was the 17th season of the top football knockout competition in SFR Yugoslavia, the Yugoslav Cup (), also known as the "Marshal Tito Cup" ("Kup Maršala Tita"), since its establishment in 1946.
Round of 16.
In the following tables winning teams are marked in bold; teams from outside top level are marked in "italic" script.

</doc>
<doc id="36694749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694749" title="1982–83 Leicester City F.C. season">
1982–83 Leicester City F.C. season

During the 1982–83 English football season, Leicester City F.C. competed in the Football League Second Division.
Season summary.
In August 1982, Gordon Milne left Coventry City to join Leicester as their new boss. The 1982–83 season didn't start well for the Foxes with just 6 wins in their first 16 league games which saw Leicester in 15th and looked like their promotion challenge was over. Then from December onwards until the end of the season, Leicester lost only 4 league games during their impressive league form and finished the season unbeaten in 15 league matches. Heading to the final league game, Leicester were ahead of Fulham on goal difference knowing a slip up would see the Cottagers leapfrog them to automatic promotion. With Leicester only holding relegated Burnley to a 0-0 draw at home, it gave Fulham a chance to do so at Derby County but with only a win required. An incident involving a spectator and a Fulham player led to the game being abandoned 2 minutes away from the 90 minute mark with Fulham losing 1-0 at the Baseball Ground. An enquiry from the Football League was held for a few days and they decided eventually the result from the Derby-Fulham game would stand which meant the Foxes were promoted after 2 seasons in the second tier.
Results.
"Leicester City's score comes first"
Squad.
[http://www.11v11.com/teams/leicester-city/tab/players/season/1983]

</doc>
<doc id="36694756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694756" title="Hog Cliff">
Hog Cliff

Hog Cliff is a National Nature Reserve (NNR) and Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) located south east of Maiden Newton, Dorset and north-west of Dorchester. It was notified as an SSSI in 1981. The site is also part of the much larger Dorset Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB). It is adjacent to the Court Farm, Sydling SSSI. 
The area of the site is . It is a chalk downland and thus part of the Dorset Downs. The site includes grassland, scrub and a small amount of woodland (mostly ash and oak, with a hazel and field maple understory); within the grassland there is a difference in character, and the species that it supports, which varies according to the gradient and aspect of the slopes. While the invertebrates on the site have not been extensively studied, it is known that species such as the rare Adonis Blue and Marsh Fritillary butterflies can be found there; this is in addition to more common species such as the Green Hairstreak, Common Blue and Gatekeeper. Fungi, particularly grassland varieties, are very well represented at Hog Cliff; the SSSI citation indicates over 60 genera as having been identified, whilst Natural England claim 100 species for the NNR. Cattle and sheep graze the site throughout the year to keep the grassland open.
In 2008, a case was brought by the Environment Agency against a nearby pig farmer who was deliberately allowing pig slurry to be discharged onto land that included part of the Hog Cliff reserve. 

</doc>
<doc id="36694770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694770" title="Frank T. Campbell">
Frank T. Campbell

Frank T. Campbell (May 8, 1836-March 6, 1907) was an American politician and businessman.
Born in Ohio, Campbell moved to Newton, Iowa and was in the newspaper and insurance business. He served in the Union Army durng the American Civil War. He served in the Ohio State Senate and then as Lieutenant Governor of Iowa. Later he was appointed Railroad Commissioner of Iowa. He died in Lima, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="36694780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694780" title="2012 Moselle Open">
2012 Moselle Open

The 2012 Moselle Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 15th edition of the Moselle Open, and part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the 2012 ATP World Tour. It was held at the Parc des Expositions de Metz Métropole in Metz, France, from 17 to 23 September 2012.
Singles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wild cards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the singles qualifying draw:
The following players received entry as lucky losers:
Doubles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:

</doc>
<doc id="36694800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694800" title="Kevin Wilson (writer)">
Kevin Wilson (writer)

Kevin Wilson is a writer from Sewanee, Tennessee USA
His stories have been published in Ploughshares, Tin House, One Story, and The Cincinnati Review. They have also been included in four volumes of the New Stories from the South: The Year’s Best anthology.
Wilson is a graduate of the MFA program at the University of Florida
He is married to the poet Leigh Anne Couch, and they have two children, Griff and Patch.
The MacDowell Colony, Yaddo, and the KHN Center for the Arts have both presented him fellowships.

</doc>
<doc id="36694809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694809" title="Sojourner (rover)">
Sojourner (rover)

Sojourner was the Mars Pathfinder robotic Mars rover that landed on and explored Mars for around three months. It has front and rear cameras and several science experiments. Designed for a mission lasting 7 sols, with possible extension to 30 sols, it in fact was active for 83 sols. The base station had its last communication session with Earth at 3:23 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time on . The rover needed the base station to communicate with Earth, despite still functioning at the time communications ended.
"Sojourner" traveled a distance of just over by the time communication was lost. It was instructed to stay stationary until October 5, 1997 (sol 91) and then drive around the lander.
Overview.
The rover's name, "Sojourner", means "traveler", and was selected in an essay contest won by V. Ambroise, a 12-year-old from Connecticut, USA. It is named for abolitionist and women's rights activist Sojourner Truth. The second place prize went to Marie Curie, a Nobel Prize-winning Polish chemist. Third place went to Judith Resnik, a United States' astronaut and shuttle crew-member. The rover was also known as "Microrover Flight Experiment" abbreviated MFEX.
Sojourner has solar panels and a non-rechargeable battery, which allowed limited nocturnal operations. Once the batteries were depleted, it could only operate during the day. The batteries are lithium-thionyl chloride (LiSOCL2) and could provide 150 watt-hours. The batteries also allowed the health of the rover to be checked while enclosed in the cruise stage while en route to Mars.
0.22 square meters of solar cells could produce a maximum of about 15 watts on Mars, depending on conditions. The cells were GaAs/Ge (Gallium Arsenide/Germanium) and capable of about 18 percent efficiency. They could survive down to about minus 140 degrees Celsius. 
Its CPU is a 80C85 with a 2 MHz clock, addressing 64 Kbytes of memory. It has four memory stores; the previously mentioned 64 Kbytes of RAM (made by IBM) for the main processor, 16 Kbytes of radiation-hardened PROM (made by Harris), 176 Kbytes of non-volatile storage (made by SEEQ), and 512 Kbytes of temporary data storage (made by Micron). The electronics were housed inside the "Warm Electronics Box" inside the rover.
It communicated with the base station with 9600 baud radio modems. The practical rate was closer to 2600 baud with a theoretical range of about half a kilometer. The rover could travel out of range of the lander, but its software would need to be changed to that mode. Under normal driving it would periodically send a "heartbeat" message to the lander. 
The UHF radio modems worked similar to Walkie-talkies but sent data not voice. It could send or receive but not both at same time, which is known as half-duplex. The data was communicated in bursts of 2 Kilobytes.
The Alpha Proton X-ray Spectrometer (APXS) is nearly identical to the one on Mars 96, and was a collaboration between the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research in Lindau, Germany (formally known as the Max Planck Institute For Aeronomy) and the University of Chicago in the United States. APXS could determine elemental composition of Mars rocks and dust, except for hydrogen. It works by exposing a sample to alpha particles, then measuring the energies of emitted protons, X-rays, and backscattered alpha particles.
The rover had three cameras: 2 monochromes cameras in front, and a color camera in the rear. Each front camera had an array 484 pixels high by 768 wide. The optics consisted of a window, lens, and field flattener. The window was made of sapphire while the lens objective and flattener were made of zinc selenide. The rover was imaged on Mars by the base station's IMP camera system, which also helped determine where the rover should go.
"Sojourner" operation was supported by "Rover Control Software", which ran on a Silicon Graphics Onyx2 computer back on Earth, and allowed command sequences to be generated using a graphical interface. The rover driver would wear 3D goggles supplied with imagery from the base station, and move a virtual model with the spaceball controller, a specialized joystick. The control software allowed the rover and surrounding terrain to be viewed from any angle or position, supporting the study of terrain features, placing waypoints, or doing virtual flyovers.
The rover's had a mass of 11.5 kg, which equates to 10 pounds on Mars or about 25 pounds on Earth.
Image map of Mars.
The following imagemap of the planet Mars has embedded links to geographical features in addition to the noted Rover and Lander locations. Click on the features and you will be taken to the corresponding article pages. North is at the top. Colors represent elevations, from violet (lowest) through blue, green, yellow, orange, red, brown to white (highest).

</doc>
<doc id="36694820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694820" title="Dr. Kakasaheb Deodhar English School">
Dr. Kakasaheb Deodhar English School

Dr Kakasaheb Deodhar English School is a school in Nashik, Maharashtra, India.

</doc>
<doc id="36694821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694821" title="Cornigliano">
Cornigliano

Cornigliano, also called Cornigliano Ligure (the official name of the former municipality) is a western quarter of the italian city of Genoa.
Geography.
Cornigliano lies on the coast about 7 kilometres west of the center of Genoa, between the quarters of Sampierdarena and Sestri Ponente. Cornigliano includes in its territory also the hamlets of Campi, Coronata and Erzelli. Along with Sestri Ponente is part of Medio Ponente sixth 'municipio' (administrative subdivision of Genoa).
Along the eastern boundary of the quarter one of the two main torrents flowing through Genoa, river Polcevera, flows and has its mouth into the Ligurian Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="36694825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694825" title="Martin Mortensen">
Martin Mortensen

Martin Mortensen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36694829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694829" title="My Lucky Star (1938 film)">
My Lucky Star (1938 film)

My Lucky Star is a 1938 romantic comedy film. This was Norwegian ice-skating Olympic champion Sonja Henie's fourth film.
Plot.
George Cabot Jr. (Cesar Romero), the son of a department store owner, enrolls the store's sports clerk Krista Nielsen (Sonja Henie) at a university to use her as an advertisement for their fashion department.
George is trying to pay off cabaret singer Marcelle La Verne, who wants to annul their brief elopement. Marcelle threatens to name Krista as a co-respondent in her lawsuit. Krista has fallen for Larry Taylor at the college, where a skating exhibition lands her on the cover of Life magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="36694837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694837" title="Marat Khusnullin">
Marat Khusnullin

Marat Shakirzyanovich Khusnullin (; born August 9, 1966) is a Russian politician and a Deputy Mayor for Urban Development and Construction under the Mayor of Moscow Sergey Sobyanin.
Early years.
Marat was born in 1966 in Kazan, Russia.
Private life.
He is married and has three kids.

</doc>
<doc id="36694840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694840" title="Happy Landing (film)">
Happy Landing (film)

Happy Landing is a 1938 film directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Sonja Henie.
Plot.
A bandleader, Duke Sargent, and his manager Jimmy Hall are flying from New York to Paris when they must make a forced landing in Norway. A misunderstanding results in local girl Trudy Ericksen being romantically committed to Duke, but he has Flo Kelly waiting for him back in New York and slips away.
Trudy follows him to New York, but ends up in Central Park on a skating date with Jimmy and soon is signed up as the star of a big-city ice revue.
DVD release.
"Happy Landing" was released on Region 0 DVD-R by Alpha Video on January 28, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36694841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694841" title="Mario Knögler">
Mario Knögler

Mario Knögler (born 1979) is an Austrian sport shooter. He was born in Wels. He competed at the 2000, 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36694849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694849" title="German submarine U-294">
German submarine U-294

German submarine "U-294" was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She was laid down on 22 December 1942 by the Bremer Vulkan "Werft" (yard) at Bremen-Vegesack as 'werk' 59, launched on 27 August 1943, and commissioned on 4 October with "Oberleutnant zur See" Heinz Schütt in command.
In five patrols, she sank or damaged no ships.
She surrendered at Narvik in Norway in May 1945 and was sunk as part of Operation "Deadlight" in December 1945.
Service history.
The boat's service life began with training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla in October 1943. She was then transferred to the 11th flotilla for operations on 1 August 1944. She was reassigned to the 13th flotilla on 6 November and moved again to the 14th flotilla on 1 March 1945.
1st and 2nd patrols.
"U-294"s first patrol took her to northeast of the Shetland Islands. It was preceded by a short voyage between Kiel in Germany and Stavanger in Norway in May 1944.
More brief sojourns followed, using Bergen, Flekkefjord and Kiel.
The boat's second 'official' patrol was between 18 and 24 September 1944.
3rd and 4th patrols.
The submarine's third sortie took her as far as the North Sea.
More short voyages were carried out, using Flekkefjord, Horten and Tönsberg in October and November 1944.
Her fourth patrol started and finished in Bergen, but included a stop in Trondheim.
5th patrol and fate.
"U-294" departed Narvik and arrived at Harstad (northwest of Narvik), before going on to Skjomenfjord, in April 1945.
She arrived at Loch Eriboll in northern Scotland on 19 May 1945 and then moved to Lisahally (Londonderry port), for Operation "Deadlight". She was sunk by gunfire from and on 31 December.

</doc>
<doc id="36694857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694857" title="It's a Pleasure">
It's a Pleasure

"It's a Pleasure" is a 1945 film starring Sonja Henie.

</doc>
<doc id="36694867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694867" title="Ceddo">
Ceddo

Ceddo () is a 1977 Senegalese film directed by Ousmane Sembène. It was entered into the 10th Moscow International Film Festival.
Plot.
In 17th century Senegal, the Ceddo ("commoners") try to preserve their traditional culture against the onslaught of Islam, Christianity, and the slave trade. When local king Demba War sides with the Muslims, the Ceddo abduct his daughter, Dior Yacine, to protest their forced conversion to Islam. After trying to rescue the princess, various heirs to the throne are killed, and Demba War is killed during the night. Eventually the kidnappers are killed and Dior Yacine is brought back to the village to confront the imam, just as all the villagers are being given Muslim names.
Banning.
Along with a number of his other films, Ceddo was banned in Senegal for its presentation of the conflicts between the Islamic and Christian religions and ethnic and traditional beliefs.

</doc>
<doc id="36694870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694870" title="Hello London">
Hello London

Hello London is a 1958 documentary film starring Sonja Henie and Michael Wilding. This was also Oliver Reed's film debut.

</doc>
<doc id="36694891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694891" title="The Family Fang">
The Family Fang

The Family Fang is a bestselling novel written by Kevin Wilson and published by Ecco in 2011.
Film adaptation.
The film rights were bought by actress Nicole Kidman's Blossom Films company. In November 2013, it was announced that actor Jason Bateman will direct and star alongside Kidman in a film adaptation.

</doc>
<doc id="36694901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694901" title="Klaus Zähringer">
Klaus Zähringer

Klaus Zähringer (born 1939) is a German sport shooter. He was born in Königsberg. He won a bronze medal in 50 metre rifle three positions at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="36694924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694924" title="Callum McFadzean">
Callum McFadzean

Callum Jeffrey McFadzean (born 1 April 1994) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder for Burton Albion on loan from Sheffield United. Born in Sheffield, he came through the ranks at his home-town club, has also represented England at U16 level and had loan spells with Chesterfield and Burton Albion.
Career.
Club career.
A product of Sheffield United's Academy McFadzean was a member of the team that reached the final of the FA Youth Cup in 2011, scoring in the first leg of the final against Manchester United. He was eventually promoted to the senior squad and made his professional début in the first game of the 2012–13 season, a League Cup tie against Burton Albion. Now on the fringes of the first team and regularly securing a place on the bench, McFadzean made his first start for the Blades in the Johnstones Paint Trophy against Coventry City at the Ricoh Arena. Following a handful of substitute appearances that season, McFadzean was handed a more prominent role by caretaker manager Chris Morgan following the departure of Danny Wilson in April 2012. After a number of first-team starts at the tail end of the season, McFadzean came off the bench to score the winning goal in the first leg of United's play-off semi-final against Yeovil Town. Following his successful end to the season McFadzean had had his contract with the Blades extended in June 2013.
McFadzean started the following season as part of the first team but was sidelined by injury during September. Following the arrival of new United manager Nigel Clough, McFadzean joined Chesterfield in November 2013 on a short-term loan. McFadzean returned to his parent club in January 2014 after making five appearances for Chesterfield, but remained out of United's first team picture, and in March 2014, McFadzean joined League Two side Burton Albion on an initial one month loan. McFadzean remained with Burton for the remainder of the season, scoring one goal and making ten appearances for his temporary employers, including playing in Burton's unsuccessful appearance in the play-off final at Wembley.
On 3 July 2014, McFadzean rejoined Burton Albion on a six month loan deal.
International career.
McFadzean made five appearances for England's under 16 squad during the 2009–10 season. McFadzean is also eligible to represent Scotland due to his Scottish heritage.
Personal life.
McFadzean was born in Sheffield and continues to live in the Waterthorpe district of the city. He is the younger brother of Crawley Town defender Kyle McFadzean, who also started his career at Bramall Lane.
Assault charges.
In October 2013 McFadzean was released on bail after being charged with two counts of assault and two counts of threatening behaviour after an incident in Sheffield city centre earlier the same month. McFadzean pleaded guilty to two charges of assault when his case came to court in November 2013, admitting to hitting one female friend and headbutting another while drunk. As a result he was given a community order with 12 months supervision.

</doc>
<doc id="36694926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694926" title="Rzehakinidae">
Rzehakinidae

The "Rzehakinidae" is a family of Lower Cretaceous to recent formaminifera that resemble the calcareous imperforate Miliolidae but which are constructed of finely agglutinated material that veneers an organic base. Tests are with two, or less commonly three, chambers per whorl, which are commonly added in various planes. In form they are generally ovoid. 
The Rzehakinidae was included in the Lituolacea, (Textulariina) in the "Treatise" Part C, 1964, and removed by Loeblich and Tappan, 1982 to its own superfamily, the Rzehakinacea. Eleven genera are included:<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36694937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694937" title="Dominic Poleon">
Dominic Poleon

Dominic Alfred Poleon (born 7 September 1993) is an English footballer who plays for Leeds United as a striker, but can also play as a winger. Born in Newham, East London, he initially played youth football for Chelsea and Southend United before signing for Leeds in August 2010. Whilst at Leeds he has also had spells on loan with both Bury and Sheffield United.
Career.
Chelsea and Southend United.
Poleon attended Brampton Manor Academy in East Ham. He began his career in football across the city in the junior teams at Chelsea but failed to progress at the Premier League club. He would join Southend United for the later years of his school life and travelled with them on a tour of France in 2009 aged 15 before being signed by Leeds a year later after being identified by Head of Recruitment Steve Holmes.
Leeds United.
Poleon joined Leeds in the summer of 2010. He gained good reviews in the youth and reserve teams in his first year at the club. In the following 2011–12 season, Poleon was the leading scorer for the United youth team with 12 goals. He capped his second season at the club by signing a one-year professional contract along with fellow youth prospects Ross Killock and Monty Gimpel. 
After scoring for the club's Development Team in a 2–0 friendly match victory over Alfreton Town at North Street on 21 July 2012, Poleon and several other youngsters including Sam Byram, Nathan Turner, Lewis Turner and Monty Gimpel, travelled with the senior team the following week on a pre-season tour of Cornwall and Devon. He scored again against Tavistock in a 6–0 victory and featuring as a substitute in subsequent games versus Bodmin Town and Torquay United as Leeds recorded three wins from three on their summer tour. The tour provided Poleon with the perfect opportunity to demonstrate his competency at a senior level ahead of a make-or-break year. 
His performances in further pre-season games would lead to the young striker joining fellow prospect Sam Byram on the fringes of the first team for the start of manager Neil Warnock's first full season in charge as he was assigned the number 26 shirt for the campaign. He made his first team début for Leeds in the first game of the season coming on as a 76th-minute substitute against Shrewsbury Town at Elland Road in the League Cup fixture on 11 August. He would make his league début two weeks later when he replaced Ross McCormack in Leeds' 2–1 win over Peterborough United. 
Poleon made his first start for Leeds United in a league game against Nottingham Forest on 22 September after impressing as a substitute in a 2–3 league defeat against Hull City earlier in the week. He marked the occasion with his first professional goal in the 25th minute. Prior to the game against Forest, Neil Warnock had questioned Poleon's work ethic and approach to the game, saying that he risked his career 'fizzling out' if he didn't change his attitude. He likened Poleon's attitude to his former protégé at Crystal Palace, Victor Moses, who would prove to increase his application before joining Premier League side Wigan Athletic in £2.5m deal in 2010 and reigning UEFA Champions League winners Chelsea for a fee of around £9m two years later. The imminent loan signing of another of Warnock's former protégés and Moses' former team-mate at Palace, Ryan Hall, would further limit Poleon's first-team opportunities at United as he would look to gain valuable playing experience from a loan spell in the lower leagues.
On 15 October 2012, Poleon and fellow team-mate Zac Thompson joined League One strugglers Bury on month-long loan deals. Both youngsters would be working under the newly appointed Bury manager Kevin Blackwell, who had a seventeen-year association with Warnock as player and coach between 1986 and 2003 and had managed Poleon's parent club between 2004 and 2006. He was assigned the number 33 shirt and made his debut for the Shakers in the 1–1 home draw versus Carlisle United. Poleon had hit the post in the game and provided the assist for goalscorer Thompson in the first-half. The energy and commitment of the youngsters lead to instant praise from Blackwell after the game; observing that "the two young lads from Leeds were absolutely out on their feet after that. For them, the warm up matters, every time they train matters, when they travel in – it matters and I'm really pleased with both of them, the whole team." 
Poleon scored his first goal for the club in his second game versus Yeovil Town, equalising on the 74th minute mark at Huish Park in a 1–2 defeat. He continued his impressive early form over the following games; adding another assist in a 2–1 victory over Hartlepool United and his second goal in a 1–1 draw at home to Walsall. Poleon got a touch on the ball as it dribbled towards goal, with Poleon getting the final stroke before it nestled into the bottom corner against Portsmouth. On 19 November, Poleon's loan at Bury was extended until 3 January 2013 but he was recalled by his parent club only a day later due to suspensions and injuries. During Poleon's seven league games; the Shakers accumulated eleven points having previously only picked up four from their first ten.
Poleon was recalled by Leeds on 20 November due to injuries and suspensions at his parent club, coupled with his own good form at Bury. On 18 January 2013, Poleon signed a new two-and-a-half-year contract with Leeds.
Poleon joined Yorkshire rivals Sheffield United on loan until the end of the season on 12 February 2013. Blades boss Danny Wilson described Poleon as being "raw and unpredictable but very quick... he can get in behind the back of people and he can get a goal. We just feel he can add a little bit extra from the bench or even start." After playing seven times for Sheffield, Poleon was recalled by Leeds caretaker manager Neil Redfearn, after the departure of Neil Warnock."
Poleon scored his second goal for Leeds at Vicarage Road on the final day of the season in Leeds' 2-1 win against Watford after appearing as an early substitute for the injured Steve Morison. During this match Poleon was involved in a controversial collision in which he appeared to intentionally push Ikechi Anya, resulting in him colliding with goalkeeper Jonathan Bond, and earning himself a yellow card. Bond was rendered unconscious and was stretchered off the pitch with a suspected broken nose. Whilst the push was perceived as cynical by many opposing fans, he later posted on his official twitter that he did not mean to injure the keeper and stressed he had no malicious intentions. 
Poleon scored his first goal of the 2013–14 season on his first start, in a League Cup tie at home to Chesterfield. Poleon's goal proved to be the winner as Leeds won the game 2–1.

</doc>
<doc id="36694957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694957" title="Texas Hippie Coalition">
Texas Hippie Coalition

Texas Hippie Coalition (also initialized as THC) is a heavy metal band from Denison, Texas.
History.
Beginnings.
Richard "Big Dad Ritch" Anderson and John Exall met in Denison, Texas. Because Denison was a small town with a very limited number of musicians, rival bands were forced to go on road trips together to cities such as Dallas to do shows. Originally from rival bands, Ritch and John got together and started playing, writing and eventually recording together.
Shortly thereafter, THC emerged from the Red River Valley bordering the North Texas and southern Oklahoma and began a tour promoting their independent album "Pride of Texas". They toured from coast to coast, putting themselves in front of fans everywhere with their style of music called "red dirt metal".
Current touring members are Big Dad Ritch, John Exall, Gunnar Molton, and the newest addition Cord Pool.
Release of" Rollin' ".
The group recorded their album, "Rollin", with multi-platinum producer Dave Prater. "Rollin" arrived on July 6, 2010, which was their first national release.
Release of" Peacemaker ".
In early 2012 the group began working with producer Bob Marlette. Their first single "Turn It Up" was released in June of that same year. The album was released on August 14, 2012 and was ranked No.20 on Billboard Hard Rock Albums.
In mid-2012, Randy Cooper tore a tendon in his right arm, which required an operation and close to a year of rehabilitation. With a pair of cysts under his arm that encircled the tendons, he could only play guitar for a few minutes at a time, which rendered him unable to tour later that year. Following his departure, Cooper tracked guitars for American rock band Shotgun Rebellion's debut studio album" Train of Pain " before joining American rock band Emperors and Elephants.
Release of" Ride On ".
In February 2014, it was announced that" Ride On", the fourth studio album from the quartet is expected to be released later that year. During that same year, the ensemble is also scheduled to perform at Rocklahoma and Rock on the Range in May in addition to Mayhem Festival that summer.

</doc>
<doc id="36694979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36694979" title="Jaime Espinal">
Jaime Espinal

Jaime Yusept Espinal (born October 14, 1984) is a Dominican/Puerto Rican freestyle wrestler and Olympic silver medalist who represents Puerto Rico. 
Early years and education.
Espinal is tall and weights . He was born on October 14, 1984 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic to Jaime Espinal and Alejandrina Fajardo Hernández. He has two siblings: Stanley and Rosemary. When he was 5 years old, his family moved to Puerto Rico. Espinal studied at the Baptist College and then Gabriela Mistral High School. He also began wrestling when he was nine years old when coach Pedro Rojsa approached him and other kids and invited them to Club Sparta in Río Piedras along with Franklin Gómez.
When he was 15 years old, Espinal and his mother moved to Brooklyn, New York. Espinal says he had to deal with racism and fights "every two or three days". After someone drew a knife on him during a fight, he decided to return to Puerto Rico alone. Espinal quit wrestling and began cheerleading and dancing. He reveived a scholarship in cheerleading from the University of Puerto Rico at Bayamón. Espinal continued college at Walden University in Pennsylvania. He completed a Bachelor's degree in computer design.
Before his international wrestling career, Espinal spent three years as a breakdancer for the Time Machine Squad, entering the group after winning a contest. In 2008, he went by the name of "Olimpic Jumps" as part of the group. During that time, he served as a backup dancer for hip hop artists like Daddy Yankee and Tego Calderón. He also practiced baseball and worked as a model. However, convinced by coach Rojas, Espinal returned to wrestling.
Wrestling career.
To prepare for the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games, Rojas sent Espinal to train in Cuba for nine months. As a result, Espinal won gold at the Central American and Caribbean Games in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico.
In 2011, Espinal finished in fifth place at the 2011 Pan American Games in Guadalajara, Mexico. That same year, he won silver at the Pan American Wrestling Qualifying Tournament in Florida.
The next year, Espinal continued to excel in the sport finishing third at the Romanian International Tournament, and winning gold at the Città di Sassari Wrestling Championship in Italy. That year, at the 2012 Panamerican Wrestling Tournament in Kissimmee, Florida, Espinal qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics.
2012 Olympics.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, England, Espinal began the first rounds by defeating Nigerian Andrew Dick and Georgian Dato Marsagishvili. On the semi-finals, he defeated Soslan Gattsiev, from Belarus, to advance to the final round against Sharif Sharifov, from Azerbaijan. In the match, Sharifov defeated Espinal 3-1 to earn the gold. Espinal finished with the silver medal. His medal was Puerto Rico's second silver in 17 Summer Olympics, and their second in London. Espinal received a US$30,000 bonus from the Puerto Rico Olympic Committee for winning the silver medal. Also, Puerto Rican dealership Bella International gave Espinal a 2012 Honda CR-V as a gift.

</doc>
<doc id="36695001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695001" title="Egyptienne">
Egyptienne

Egyptienne or Égyptienne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36695016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695016" title="Old Welsh Grey Sheepdog">
Old Welsh Grey Sheepdog

The Welsh Grey or Old Welsh Grey was a breed of sheepdog native to Wales. It is probably now extinct, although it may have contributed to the makeup of the Welsh Sheepdog.
Welsh Greys were shaggy, long-haired dogs, similar in appearance to working strains of the Scottish Bearded Collie or to the ancestors of the Old English Sheepdog, and the breeds probably have a common heritage. Like the Bearded Collie, the Welsh Grey worked in a "loose-eyed", noisy manner very different from the Border and other collie types, with a distinctive short bark. As well as being used by shepherds, the breed was also popular with the drovers who took livestock to England.
All types of Welsh sheepdog declined in numbers from the early 20th century due to the increasing use of the Border Collie for herding. Dogs of the Welsh Grey type were still found on Welsh hill farms in the upper Towy valley as late as the 1980s, but the breed is likely now extinct.
Specimens of the Welsh Grey are thought to have accompanied Welsh settlers to Patagonia.

</doc>
<doc id="36695030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695030" title="Pride of Texas">
Pride of Texas

Production.
The album was produced by David Prater, and was mastered by David Zycheck at Largemouth Recording Studio.
Composition.
“Clenched Fist”, the second song on the album, is dedicated to Darrell "Dimebag" Abbott who was a significant influence on the band.
Reviews.
Mark Allen of Hardrock Haven called "Pride of Texas" the album that added Texas Hippie Coalition to the list of southern metal artists. Cuttingedgerocks.com calls the work an attack of blasting guitar, thumping drums and mind-wearing bass coupled with muscle driven intoxicated lyrics from a gargantuan with fitting gumpture and vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="36695034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695034" title="Lichfield City F.C.">
Lichfield City F.C.

Lichfield City F.C. is a football club based in Lichfield, Staffordshire. They are members of the Midland Combination Premier Division.
History.
Formed in 1970 as Lichfield F.C., the club entered the West Midlands (Regional) League Division One B in 1976. The following year the league became Division One. Lichfield were relegated to Division Two in 1986, but were promoted back to Division One after finishing runners-up in 1988–89 and third in 1989–90.
In 1994–95, the club changed its name to Lichfield City and the club finished runners-up, gaining promotion to the Premier Division. However, after only one season in the league, the club left to play Sunday league football. Lichfield left Sunday league in 2008 to join the Midland Combination Division Three, and were promoted to Division Two in their inaugural season after finishing fifth. They were promoted again in 2011 after finishing fourth in Division Two, and again in 2012 after finishing fourth in Division One. For the 2012–13 season they will be playing in the Premier Division.
After an indifferent start to life in the Midland Combination Premier Division, Russell Dodd stepped down in September 2012 and reserve team manager Paul Holt was promoted to take charge of the first team.
Ground.
The team play at The City Ground in Lichfield.

</doc>
<doc id="36695053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695053" title="September 1821 New England tornado outbreak">
September 1821 New England tornado outbreak

The 1821 New England tornado outbreak was a tornado outbreak that affected the New England states during September 1821. Five destructive tornadoes can be verified from the event.
The first known storm of the outbreak touched down in Washington County, Vermont, and caused tree damage near the town of Berlin. Shortly thereafter, tornadoes touched down in Grafton County, New Hampshire, and a series of large tornadoes tracked through parts of Rutland County, Vermont, and Sullivan and Merrimack counties in New Hampshire. Other tornadoes struck in Windham County, Vermont, and Franklin County, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="36695055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695055" title="Mr. Shivers">
Mr. Shivers

Mr. Shivers is a book by Robert Jackson Bennett published by Orbit Books in 2010.
It has won the 2010 Shirley Jackson Award for Best Novel.

</doc>
<doc id="36695058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695058" title="John Van Buren (disambiguation)">
John Van Buren (disambiguation)

John Van Buren (1810–1866) was an American politician, and son of President Martin Van Buren.
John Van Buren may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36695069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695069" title="Wicked Tuna">
Wicked Tuna

Wicked Tuna is a reality television series about commercial bluefin tuna fishermen based in Gloucester, Massachusetts. The show covers their work in the North Atlantic Ocean.
About "Hooked up" episodes.
These are replays of the original 25 episodes but with extra trivia boxes which contain additional insights into the fisherman's thoughts, attitudes, and personalities.

</doc>
<doc id="36695084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695084" title="Rollin' (Texas Hippie Coalition album)">
Rollin' (Texas Hippie Coalition album)

" Rollin' " is the second studio album from red dirt metal band Texas Hippie Coalition. The album was released on July 6, 2010, and was ranked No.29 on Heatseekers Albums.
Production.
The album, which was their first with Carved Records, contains Version 2 of "Pissed Off and Mad About it" (the first single from the band) produced by David Prater.
Touring.
The band toured the United States and Europe in mid-2010 with a stop at Bospop Festival in the Netherlands.
Critical reception.
The album was touted by VH1’s “That Metal Show” as “one of the greatest sophomore albums ever”.

</doc>
<doc id="36695086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695086" title="Randy Cooper">
Randy Cooper

Randy "The Arsonist" Cooper (born ) is the current guitarist for American rock band Emperors and Elephants in addition to being the former guitarist for American red dirt metal band Texas Hippie Coalition. Cooper also acted as a session guitarist on American southern rock band Shotgun Rebellion's debut album" Train of Pain "in addition to perfoming on a limited number of dates with the band.
History.
Cooper moved to Denison, Texas when he was 16 years of age. Having met Pantera shortly thereafter, and opening for them as part of Texas Hippie Coalition, he became attracted to Dean Guitars, and played the same Vintage 82 DEAN from 1989 until at least 2009. In 1991, an automobile accident in Oklahoma City turned the guitarist into a quadriplegic, confining him to a wheelchair and forcing him to regain his stride. After regaining motion in his right arm and both legs, Cooper spent additional time in rehab, recovering only one finger on his left hand. This contributes to the musician's unique style of playing.
Texas Hippie Coalition.
In mid-2012, Cooper tore a tendon in his right arm, which required extensive rehabilitation. With a pair of cysts under his arm that encircled the tendons, he could only play guitar for a few minutes at a time, which rendered him unable to tour later that year.
Departure from Texas Hippie Coalition.
Following Cooper's departure from Texas Hippie Coalition, the veteran guitarist joined rock band Emperors and Elephants. Additionally, Cooper performed a select number of tour dates with southern rock band Shotgun Rebellion while assisting the ensemble with their debut studio album.
Influences.
Cooper's influences include Motley Crue and Pantera as well as guitarists Eddie Van Halen, Randy Rhodes, Zakk Wylde and Darrell Abbott.
Equipment.
Cooper uses Dean Guitars and EMG-81/85 pickups. In 2012, the musician was quoted as using a Dean ML.

</doc>
<doc id="36695088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695088" title="Nox, Shropshire">
Nox, Shropshire

Nox is a hamlet in Shropshire, England, around a staggered junction on the B4386 road (historically a Roman Road) between the small villages of Cruckton and Yockleton.
Nox is part of the civil parish of Westbury; the boundary wraps tightly around the hamlet.
It is named after the "Nock" family, who owned what is now known as Nox House.

</doc>
<doc id="36695124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695124" title="Liam Wakefield">
Liam Wakefield

Liam Wakefield (born 9 April 1994) is an English footballer who plays as a right-back for Doncaster Rovers.
Playing career.
Wakefield was part of the Youth Alliance Cup winning Rovers team in 2012 who won 4-0 over Exeter City at Exeter.
He signed a one year professional contract with Doncaster in April 2012 making his first appearance coming on as a sub in extra time in a first round League Cup game against York City on 11 August 2012 at the Keepmoat Stadium.
In August 2012 he went on loan to Bradford Park Avenue, returning in October after 4 league appearances, and one in the FA Cup qualifier against Curzon Ashton F.C.
Whilst he only made 2 cup appearances for Doncaster in 2012-13, Wakefield was seen as a good prospect and given another years contract till the end of the 2013-14 season. He made his first League appearance coming on as sub for Paul Quinn in the 67th minute at Pride Park in a 3-1 defeat to Derby. With Bongani Khumalo being injured and Paul Quinn moving to central defence, Wakefield had his first start, as right-back, in a 0-3 home defeat to Ipswich.
In an FA Cup game against Stevenage on 5 January 2014, he scored his first goal, chipping the keeper in the last minute of extra time as Rovers were defeated 2-3. 

</doc>
<doc id="36695126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695126" title="Robert Forest">
Robert Forest

Robert Forest may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36695180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695180" title="2012 East Azerbaijan earthquakes">
2012 East Azerbaijan earthquakes

The 2012 East Azerbaijan earthquakes occurred near the cities of Ahar and Varzaqan in Iran's East Azerbaijan Province, on August 11, 2012, at 16:53 Iran Standard Time. The two quakes measured 6.4 and 6.3 on the moment magnitude scale, and were separated by eleven minutes. The epicenter of the earthquakes was 60 kilometers (37 miles) from Tabriz. At least 306 people died and more than 3000 others were injured, primarily in the rural and mountainous areas to the northeast of Tabriz (though 45 died in the city of Ahar). The earthquake was felt in Armenia and Azerbaijan, though no major damage was reported.
Iran is prone to frequent severe earthquakes because several major fault lines cross the country. Earthquakes in 2003 and 1990 killed approximately 26,000 and 40–50,000 people, respectively.
Geology.
Iran lies within the complex zone of continental collision between the Arabian Plate and the Eurasian Plate, which extends from the Bitlis-Zagros belt in the south to the Greater Caucasus mountains, the Absheron-Balkan Sill and the Kopet Dag mountains in the north. The collision between these plates deforms an area of ~ 3,000,000 km2 of continental crust. It is one of the largest convergent deformation regions on Earth. In northwestern Iran, the Arabian Plate is moving northwards at about 20 mm per year relative to the Eurasian Plate, somewhat oblique to the plate boundary zone. The deformation in the area near Tabriz is dominated by the North Tabriz Fault, a WNW-ESE trending right-lateral strike-slip fault, which has been responsible for 7 historical earthquakes of magnitude greater than 6 since AD 858. Other known active faults include a W-E trending fault between the cities of Ahar and Heris.
The 6.4 and 6.3 intraplate earthquakes occurred as a result of oblique strike-slip faulting in the shallow crust about 300 km east of the Eurasia-Arabian Plate boundary. The two earthquakes are separated by 10 km in an east-west direction.
Damage and casualties.
Iran's state television reported the quake hit near the towns of Ahar, Heris and Varzaqan in East Azerbaijan Province at 4:53 p.m. local time (12:23 GMT). "268 people, 219 women and 49 men, lost their lives in hospitals" while the rest were killed on the spot, Iran's Health Minister Marzieh Vahid-Dastjerdi said. The Iranian minister added that 3,037 people have been injured as a result of Saturday's temblors. According to the head of Iran's Rescue and Relief Organisation, access to villages has been cut and the only communication is via radio. The worst damage and most casualties were in villages near the towns of Ahar, Varzaghan and Heris. In villages near Varzaqan, with most men away from home working, the many mud brick houses which collapsed trapped mainly women and children inside.
Sixty-six rescue teams were sent to the affected region, along with about 200 ambulances and five helicopters. 130 villages were 70-90% destroyed, and 20 were completely leveled. At least 45 people died and more than 500 were injured in Ahar, where electricity and phone lines were cut after the quakes. More than 40 people died in the city of Varzaqan and 50 were killed in Heris. The medical infrastructure in the catastrophe stricken region is not sufficient, and many heavily injured did not survive the rather long way to the nearest hospital.
Most parts of Tabriz also lost electricity, and the city had a large traffic jam. Some buildings were structurally damaged. Over 200 people in Varzaqan and Ahar were extricated from under the debris of collapsed buildings, and local provincial officials asked people in the region to stay outdoors during the night because of the danger of aftershocks. Some residents needed bread, tents and drinking water.
Rescue teams continued searching for survivors through the night, Iranian officials said they expected the death toll to rise. Between ten and twenty villages close to the epicenter were still cut off from aid and it would take some time to reach them. The Iranian government estimated at least 16,000 people spent the first night after the quakes in emergency shelters.
A day after the quakes, more than 36,000 people had been given emergency shelter, and the Iranian government had dispatched nearly 100 ambulances, 1,100 Red Crescent workers, 44,000 food packages and 5,600 tents. According to Red Crescent officials, more than 1,000 villages were affected by the disaster, and at least 5,000 people were injured. Hospitals in the region's major cities were overcrowded and struggling to cope with the large number of people waiting for treatment.
Aftershocks.
Since the main earthquake hit northeast of Tabriz, at least 80 aftershocks have been felt. The strongest measured 6.3 on the moment magnitude scale and occurred eleven minutes after the initial 6.4 quake. A 5.0 quake struck three hours later and, early on August 12, a 5.1 aftershock struck 31 km southwest of Ahar.
On August 14, three days after the initial quakes, another 5.1 aftershock struck the same area at a depth of 10 km. An even stronger 5.3 tremor occurred on August 15, approximately 34 km southwest of Ahar.
Reaction.
Domestic.
The East Azerbaijan province governor announced two days of public mourning in the province. Mostafa Mohammad Najjar, Minister of Interior and Marzieh Vahid Dastjerdi, Minister of Health, traveled to Tabriz and Ahar. The Iranian Red Crescent did not request any international assistance.
Tractor Sazi F.C., who play in Tabriz, had to cancel a friendly match and scheduled training sessions in the aftermath of the disaster.
International.
In the first two days after the earthquake, the Iranian Red Crescent said they would not accept outside help. Three days after the earthquake, however, the Iranian government announced it would now accept foreign help.
Criticism of Iranian government response.
The Iranian government was criticised in regarding to its relief efforts. The decision to stop the search for survivors after 24 hours was based on a government assessment that all survivors had been rescued from the rubble; an unnamed local doctor disputed the likelihood of that assessment based on the remoteness of some villages. A lack of tents for the homeless was also cited by members of the Majlis. The "IRIB" was criticised in an editorial in the "Asr-e Iran" newspaper for its perceived lack of news coverage of the earthquake. In a Majlis meeting on August 13, 2012, MPs from the affected region questioned President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for not visiting the area and for not announcing public mourning. That day, Iran then announced two days of public mourning.

</doc>
<doc id="36695183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695183" title="Elenovo (Targovishte Province)">
Elenovo (Targovishte Province)

Elenovo (; ) is a village in South-Eastern Bulgaria, situated in the Popovo Municipality, Targovishte Province.
Geography.
The village is mostly situated on a southern hillside roughly 18 kilometres North-East from the town of Popovo and 19 kilometres South-East from the town of Razgrad, around 205 metres above sea level. A tributary to the Malski (Sadinski) Lom river runs through the village. The village borders with Trustika, Miladinovtsi, Makovo, Krushno, Drinovo and Lomtsi. It is connected by tarmac roads to Popovo, Drinovo, Razgrad, Trustika, Lomtsi, and by dirt roads to Makovo and Miladinovtsi. It comprises two neighbourhoods (mahala) divided by a hill.
History.
The first mention of the old name of the village Filibeller is in an Ottoman tax document from 1524. Nearby was an even smaller village of the same name — Filibeller-i Küçük. The old village was situated in the area called Kuluka, where before 1883 were the remains of the old village mosque. According to oral tradition the founder of the village was an Ottoman from Plovdiv and the village was originally named for "Filibe", the former name of Plovdiv. West of the present-day village, the remains of a settlement dating back to Ottoman times have been found.
Around 1573 the village was a part of Provadia. Around 1863, it consisted of roughly 50 Ottoman houses and a mosque and housed several offices for public and official use. In 1865, 5 houses owned by Tatars and 10 houses by Circassians appeared in the village. In the village, there was an Ottoman maktab, in which the children learned how to read by studying the Quran. In Elenovo immediately before the Liberation of Bulgaria, there were 120 Ottoman houses and only one owned by Bulgarians – the house of the blacksmith Stoyan Ivanov. In 1877, the first year of the Russo-Turkish War there were no battles around the village.
The displacement of the Ottoman population and the appearance of Bulgarian settlers started around 1883–1885. All the settlers came from the area of Elenskia in the Balkan Mountains – from the villages of Bagalevtsi, Buinovtsi, Velkovtsi, Ganevtsi, Gradevtsi, Gushteri, Dobrevtsi, Drenta, Kirevtsi, Novachkini, Pashovtsi, Sultani, Toduvtsi, Hunevtsi, Usoi (Sheitani), Buinovtsi (Shoevtsi) and others. One family came from the village of Kopcheliite, Gabrovo Province. Close to the end of the year 1900, there were 553 Bulgarians and only 45 Ottomans in the village. The main income of the settlers came from farming, which before 1920 they practised seasonally in Russia, Austria, Romania and the former Yugoslavia.
During the wars for national unity (1912–1918) twelve men from the village died on the battlefields in battles with the then-enemies of the Kingdom of Bulgaria.
The first Bulgarian school in the village, which was later named for Saints Cyril and Methodius, was founded in 1886 and functioned as an elementary school until 2006. Initially the school also housed the Vuvedenie Presvetia Bogoroditsi chapel up until the village church was built in 1906–1907.
On 14 August 1934, the village was renamed from Fjulbeler (Фюлбелер) to Elenovo, in memory of the new settlers that came after the Liberation of Bulgaria from the area of the town of Elena.
The larger Bulgarian families were: Bagaliovchani, Bairamite, Bulcherite, Gradevite, Nikolchovtsi, Novachkinovtsi, Pashovtsi, Parmukliite, Tsigularite and others.
Today the inhabitants of the village comprise of Bulgarians, Turks, Pomaks and Romani (Gypsies), and for a short period of time people from Bessarabia, although the latter have since left due to a lack of livelihood.
To the present day the main means of support for the people of the village is farming and raising cattle.

</doc>
<doc id="36695196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695196" title="Russell Allen (disambiguation)">
Russell Allen (disambiguation)

Russell Allen (born 1971) is the singer of the American progressive metal band Symphony X.
Russell Allen may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36695202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695202" title="Jack Gibson Cup">
Jack Gibson Cup

The Jack Gibson Cup is a trophy that is contested annually in a game between the National Rugby League's Parramatta Eels and Sydney Roosters clubs. It was introduced to commemorate Jack Gibson following his death in 2008. He had coached both the Roosters and the Eels to consecutive premierships in 1974 & 1975 and 1981 - 1983 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="36695212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695212" title="Georgenfelder Hochmoor">
Georgenfelder Hochmoor

The Georgenfelder Hochmoor is a raised bog ("Hochmoor") in the German Ore Mountains of central Europe, not far from Zinnwald-Georgenfeld. It is part of a larger bog or moor complex, that lies to the south, mainly on the far side of the Germany's national border in Czechia and which, since time immemorial, has been known simply as "The Lake" ("Die See"). The Georgenfelder Hochmoor is one of the oldest nature reserves in Saxony.
Geography.
Location.
Zinnwald-Georgenfeld, which lies right on the German-Czech border, is about 45 kilometres south of Dresden and four kilometres south of Altenberg. This dispersed settlement, on the plateau at the crest of the eastern Ore Mountains, lies at an elevation of 780 to 880 metres above sea level (NN) and is the highest village in the eastern Ore Mountains. The Georgenfelder Hochmoor is part of this municipality.
Creation.
The formation of the raised bog goes back to the Elster glaciation. The maximum extent of the inland ice mass at that time reached as far as the so-called flint line ("Feuersteinlinie"), which, in the district of Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge runs roughly along the line Tharandt – Rabenau – Freital – Kreischa – Weesenstein – Cottaer Spitzberg.
The ridgeline in this area had a permanent covering or cap of firn. When this firn cap melted, it formed small lakes in the hollows which had no drainage. In the warm period that followed the glacial period, vegetation grew on the shores of these waters. Reeds and horsetails produced the first humus and initiated the formation of peat. Meanwhile, falling deciduous leaves, pollen and grass collected in the waters. The pollen trapped in the fen still enables today, after thousands of years, an accurate determination of the then prevailing vegetation and the climate.
The dry and warm climate period that followed allowed this reed bog to dry out. Individual trees, especially birch, colonised these nutrient-rich areas. After this period followed a cool and wet period with low levels of sunshine. The enormous rainfall raised water levels immensely, which is why peat moss species colonised very quickly and, due to their rapid growth, threatened and eventually entirely displaced the trees. Dead trees were covered in an airtight fashion by the moss. This layer is also referred to today as old forest peat ("Waldtorf"). The peat moss died underneath but continued to grow upwards indefinitely. This formed a thick layer of peat. The surface of this vegetation is strongly curved towards the centre, which is why it is called a raised bog. The geographic elevation of the bog has thus nothing to do with the term "raised bog", because they also occur in the lowlands.
The subsequent moderately dry climatic period triggered off a new tree growth in the area and bog pines colonised the terrain. The peat mosses formed the older moss peat ("Moostorf"). Subsequently, the climate became cold and wet again, and mosses threatened the woodland cover. These dead trees are now referred to as the younger layer of forest peat.
In our current moderately dry climate, bog pine is taking hold again.
On the bare plateaux of the Ore Mountain ridgeline several bogs have formed over the course of time. These are usually also watersheds.
Another bog region in the immediate vicinity is the Fürstenau Heath Nature Reserve.
Age and profile.
Half mature moss peat forms a layer about 8 cm thick over 100 years. Mature moss peat forms a layer of 2 to 3 centimetres in the same time. The Georgenfelder Hochmoor has a thickness of about 5 meters and is thus about 10,000 years old.
Extent.
The nature reserve covers about 11 hectares and is located at an elevation of 875 metres above sea level (NN). It is only the small western tip of an extensive region of bog between the mountains known as the German and Czech Lugsteins.
Conservation and research.
On the initiative of the State Association for Saxon Conservation ("Landesverein Sächsischer Heimatschutz"), the region was purchased in 1926 and declared a nature reserve. A school headmaster, Marschner, was especially prominent in the purchase and the botanical research of the reserve. The Saxon botanist, Court Councillor ("Hofrat") A. Naumann, associate Professor of Botany at the Dresden Veterinary College also undertook extensive research of the Georgenfelder Hochmoor.
Access.
The bog was made accessible on foot by the construction of a board walk.
Present vegetation.
Due to intensive peat cutting, the water balance of the area was disturbed, resulting in the death of some plant species. Today, Cranberry and bog Bilberry from the North European tundra still colonise the bog. The predominant species, however, is Bog Pine, but some Silver Birch and Spruce trees have also established themselves. The Bog Pine stems from the Mountain Pine of the high mountains. In the Georgenfelder Hochmoor it is usually found as a knee-high shrub, a Mountain Pine or a crooked pine. These forms of growth are perfectly adapted to the harsh climate of this mountain range. Blueberries, heathers and cranberries can be found on the dry terrain. The Sheath Cottongrass, by contrast, has colonized the wet spots.
The following plants may also be found in the reserve: Sedges, Peat Moss, Cottongrass, Sundew and Butterwort.

</doc>
<doc id="36695218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695218" title="Göksu Park">
Göksu Park

Göksu Park is a public park in Ankara, Turkey. Göksu Park is in Eryaman neighborhood of Etimesgut which is district of Ankara. The park area is . It was an unneglected lake up to 2003. In 2003, the lake was retrieved care by Municipality of Ankara and Municipality of Etimesgut and the same year Göksu Park was opened.

</doc>
<doc id="36695225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695225" title="Glenhis Hernández">
Glenhis Hernández

Glenhis Hernández (born 7 October 1990) is a taekwondo practitioner from Cuba. She was born in Havana. She qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics.
2012 Olympics.
Hernández won her preliminary round match against Wiam Dislam 2—1. She beat Maryna Konieva 4—2 in the quarterfinals. She lost to Anne-Caroline Graffe 4—6 in the semi-final of table A. She lost again to Maria del Rosario Espinoza 2—4 in the contest for bronze medal B.

</doc>
<doc id="36695232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695232" title="Sam Webster">
Sam Webster

Sam Webster may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36695242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695242" title="Athletics at the 1956 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metres">
Athletics at the 1956 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metres

The women's 100 metres competition at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia was held at the Olympic Stadium on November 29–30.
Competition format.
The women's 100m competition started with six heats, where the fastest two from each heat qualified to one of the two semifinals groups. The three fastest runners from each semifinals group advanced to the final.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Results.
Heats.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Heat 6
Semifinals.
Group 1
Group 2

</doc>
<doc id="36695245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695245" title="Marin Šestak">
Marin Šestak

Marin Šestak (born 30 June 1991 in Koprivnica) is a Croatian football defender, currently playing for Slaven Belupo in the Prva HNL.

</doc>
<doc id="36695249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695249" title="Haho of Maui">
Haho of Maui

Haho (born c. 1098 in Hawaii) was an ancient Hawaiian High Chief ("Alii"), who was a Moʻi of Maui. He is mentioned in legends and old chants and is also called Hoaho.
Family.
Haho was a son of Paumakua of Maui and High Chiefess Manokalililani, who was a daughter of Chiefess Hoʻohokukalani II and sister of Paumakua.
He married High Chiefess Kauilaʻanapa (also called Kauilaianapu in chants). Their son was Palena of Maui and his daughter-in-law was Hikawai-Nui, who was a daughter of Kauilaʻanapa and her other husband, Limaloa-Lialea.
Haho and his son are mentioned in chant "Kumulipo".
Legacy.
Haho was remembered as the founder of the "Aha-Alii", an institution which literally means "the congregation of chiefs".

</doc>
<doc id="36695257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695257" title="Venus figurines of Mal'ta">
Venus figurines of Mal'ta

The Venus figurines of Mal’ta (also: Malta) are paleolithic depictions of the female body. They consist most often of ivory. Delporte writes of all together 29 figurines. They are about 20.000 years old and stem from the Gravettian. Most of these statuettes show stylized clothes. Quite often the face is depicted. They were discovered at Mal'ta, at the Angara River, near Lake Baikal in Irkutsk Oblast, Siberia, Russia by the archeologists Zamiatmine, Sosnovskii and Mikhail Mikhaylovich Gerasimov.
Some of these figurines are on display at the Hermitage Museum, Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="36695258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695258" title="Ferdinand Pettrich">
Ferdinand Pettrich

Frederick Augustus Ferdinand Pettrich (1798 – 14 February 1872) was a German sculptor active in Germany, Brazil, the United States, and Italy. He was an internationally famous portrait sculptor who created busts of political figures in Washington D.C. as well as Native Americans. In the early 1840s he moved to Brazil to become the Court Sculptor to Emperor Dom Pedro II.
Born in Dresden to sculptor Franz Pettrich, court sculptor to Elector Frederick Augustus III of Saxony, Pettrich studied in Rome under Bertel Thorvaldsen. After achieving fame in Europe, in 1835 Pettrich and his wife moved to the United States, first in Philadelphia, then Washington, D.C. Pettrich died in Rome in 1872.

</doc>
<doc id="36695277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695277" title="1931 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Singles">
1931 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Singles

Cilly Aussem defeated Hilde Krahwinkel 6–2, 7-5 to win the Ladies' Singles tennis title at the 1931 Wimbledon Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36695286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695286" title="D voter">
D voter

D voter, sometimes also referred to as Dubious voter or Doubtful voter is a category of voters in Assam who are disenfranchised by the government on the account of their alleged lack of proper citizenship credentials. The D voters are determined by special tribunals under the Foreigners Act, and the person declared as D voter is not given the elector's photo identity card. In 2011, the Gauhati High Court ordered the D voters to be transferred to Foreigners Tribunals set up under Foreigners Tribunal Order 1964 and be kept in detention camps. The Bengali Hindus who migrated from East Pakistan and Bangladesh before and after 1971 are mostly affected by this categorization. According to Sudip Sarma, the publicity secretary of the Assam unit of the Nikhil Bharat Bangali Udbastu Samanway Samiti, there are 6 lakh Bengali Hindu D voters in the state.
History.
On 17 July 1997, the Election Commission of India, issued a circular to the Government of Assam directing it to remove non-citizens from the electoral list. Following that, an intensive revision of electoral rolls began in Assam, involving door to door survey in order to enlist only genuine Indian citizens. The persons who could not provide evidence in favour of their Indian nationality were marked with D in the electoral rolls, to indicated doubtful or disputed status of their Indian nationality. During the survey, the absentee voters too were marked with D. Around 370,000 persons were thus declared as D voters by the Election Commission of India. The persons marked as D voters were barred from contesting the elections and casting their votes. The Election Commission of India further directed the D voters to be put on trial before the Foreigners Tribunals set up under the Foreigner (Tribunal) Order of 1964. Out of an estimated 370,000, only 199,631 cases were referred to the tribunals for verification. During the initial trials 3,686 persons were found to be foreigners, who names were removed from the electoral rolls. 
The trials at the 36 Foreigners Tribunals proceeded at a slow pace. Meanwhile, a section of the Bangladeshi illegal immigrants who were marked as D voters and awaiting the trials became absconding. In view of this, on 4 April 2004, the Gauhati High Court ordered the D voters to be sent to detention camps till their cases were disposed off. Accordingly the D voters facing trial before the Foreigners Tribunal were sent to the detention camps at Goalpara and Kokrajhar. In 2005, another door to door survey was carried out of the Election Commission. During the survey it was found that a huge number of D voters, who were blacklisted in 1997, could not be traced. The number of D voters was officially revised to 181,619. As of June 2012, there were officially 157,465 D voters in Assam, whose credentials are under verification. On 6 January 2014, the State Government informed the Legislature that there were a total of 143,227 D voters in the state.
Human rights issues.
In July 2011, two middle aged ethnic Bengali Hindus, brothers Santosh Shabdakar and Manotosh Shabdakar, D voters from Tempur Paikan under Algapur constituency in Hailakandi district were declared as Bangladeshi citizens by the Foreigners Tribunal. The brothers, rickshaw pullers by profession, were born in Tarapur locality of Silchar in Cachar district. They had exercised their voting rights in the past but were declared as D voters before the 2011 assembly elections. After the verdict, they were arrested by the Hailakandi police who handed them over to BSF in Karimganj. On the midnight of 12 July 2011, the BSF took them to Mahishashan border and pushed them into Bangladesh. Since then the Shabdakar brothers could not be traced.
In March 2012, Assam Accord implementation minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said that the Government of Assam would constitute a committee to look into the cases of Bengali Hindu D voters in the state. The Government of Assam would also ensure that the police doesn't harass the Bengali Hindus in name of being D voters. Even after assurance by the minister, the hunt for D voters continued in the Barak Valley. On 8 June 2012, Arjun Namasudra, an ethnic Bengali Hindu from Cachar District committed suicide after being declared a D voter.

</doc>
<doc id="36695288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695288" title="Enrique Padilla">
Enrique Padilla

Enrique Padilla may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36695300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695300" title="John Vatatzes (disambiguation)">
John Vatatzes (disambiguation)

John Vatatzes or Batatzes can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36695305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695305" title="Enrique Padilla (pentathlete)">
Enrique Padilla (pentathlete)

Enrique Padilla (born 23 August 1934) is a Mexican modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36695318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695318" title="Steve Geltz">
Steve Geltz

Steven Geltz (born November 1, 1987) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Tampa Bay Rays organization of Major League Baseball.
Professional career.
Geltz signed with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim as an undrafted free agent in 2008 out of the University at Buffalo.
Geltz was called up to the majors for the first time on August 10, 2012.
Before the 2013 season, the Angels traded Geltz to the Tampa Bay Rays for Dane De La Rosa.

</doc>
<doc id="36695363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695363" title="Eduardo Florez">
Eduardo Florez

Eduardo Florez (born 20 September 1944) is a Mexican modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36695366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695366" title="The Wedding Video">
The Wedding Video

The Wedding Video may refer to two films:

</doc>
<doc id="36695379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695379" title="Juraj Maretić">
Juraj Maretić

Juraj Maretić (born 5 June 1993 in Split) is a Croatian football forward, currently playing for Junak Sinj in the Druga HNL, on loan from Slaven Belupo.

</doc>
<doc id="36695395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695395" title="The Wedding Video (2012 film)">
The Wedding Video (2012 film)

The Wedding Video is a 2012 comedy written by Tim Firth and directed by Nigel Cole. 
Presented in the "found footage" style, the film stars Rufus Hound, Lucy Punch and Robert Webb. It follows an engaged couple's best man as he creates a video documentary of their wedding.
Plot.
Raif Moyle (Hound) has been chosen to act as best man to his brother Tim (Webb) and Saskia (Punch) at their wedding. Raif decides to give Tim and Saskia an unforgettable present in the form of a wedding video. He discovers that Tim has left his bohemian life behind and is marrying into a family aspirant of a higher-class lifestyle—especially Saskia's hideous Hyacinth Bucket-esque grandmother (Miriam Margolyes).
With the bride's mother interfering with wedding plans (such as arranging horses dressed as unicorns and butterflies to release by the bridesmaids), Raif finds out that Saskia is the rebellious Saskia he knew at school. Spending an increasing amount of time with her during the wedding arrangements, Raif and Saskia kiss after the stress of the planning takes its toll on her. Eventually revealing this to Tim en route to the wedding, they decide to intercept Saskia on her way to the church. Tim asks Saskia whether she really wants the marriage to go ahead; she tearfully says "no". Arriving late to the church, the three make their way up the aisle to the altar, where Tim announces that his and Saskia's wedding will not proceed. However, Raif steps forward and the vicar conducts a brief, but non-legal, ceremony for Raif and Saskia.
At the wedding reception, being held at a grand stately home (the real-life Basildon Park), Saskia's mother realises that all she wants is for Saskia to be happy.
Production.
The film was recorded at a number of locations, including two National Trust properties—Alderley Edge and Basildon Park—as well as St Andrew's Church, Sonning and Chester city centre.
Reception.
The film received mixed reviews from critics. It received a "fresh" rating of 63% based on 16 reviews from aggregating site "Rotten Tomatoes". 
"Total Film" gave the film 3/5 stars, describing it as "one of Robert Webb's lesser wedding-coms" and suggesting that Webb's performance in 2006 wedding film "Confetti" was better. Joey Godman, writing for "The Upcoming", gave the film 1/5 stars, stating that the plot was simplistic and the jokes "predictable". He praised Hound's realism and the film's easy viewing, but thought that the plot's climax was detached from the majority of the film.
"The Guardian" said the film was "moderately funny", and described Margoyles' and Harriet Walter's characters as "sharp and credible". 
In a review for "The Independent", Nicholas Barber stated that the upsets and mayhem in the film are "small beer" compared to those in "Peep Show", "The Worst Week of My Life" and "Gavin and Stacey". Similarly, "The Metro" wrote that the "irreverent, observational character humour [...] will win lots of laughs from Peep Show fans", and rated the film 3/5 stars. Other three-star reviews came from "The Daily Express" and "The Daily Telegraph".
Anthony Quinn, also writing for "The Independent", gave the film 2/5 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="36695400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695400" title="Marie-Soleil Tougas">
Marie-Soleil Tougas

Marie-Soleil Tougas (May 3, 1970 - August 10, 1997) was a Canadian-Quebecers actress and TV host.
Biography.
Television career.
She began her career as a teenager in the role of Zoe in the soap opera Banana Peel (Peau de banane), then continued as a young adult woman in Chop Suey, Rooms in town (Chambres en ville), Ent'Cadieux and Jasmine.
She also co-hosted the show Fort Boyard and The Débrouillards alongside Gregory Charles. She appeared in numerous advertising campaigns including a campaign for condom use as well as those of Toyota dealers. It was mainly spokesman Éduc'alcool organization that promotes moderation in alcohol consumption. It is known also for her involvement in the cause of disabled children and as a spokesperson for Operation Enfant Soleil and host of the annual telethon of the foundation.
Plane Crash.
She died with her boyfriend Jean-Claude Lauzon when their plane crashed near Ungava Bay in northern Quebec on August 10, 1997. Patrice L'Écuyer and Gaston Lepage, who followed them in another plane, were the first to see the accident. Her funerals were broadcast on TVA.
She is the sister of Sebastien Tougas, actor and advertising designer.

</doc>
<doc id="36695402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695402" title="Óscar González">
Óscar González

Óscar González, Oscar González or Oscar Gonzáles may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36695413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695413" title="Freedom Fry">
Freedom Fry

Freedom Fry is an indie pop band from Los Angeles composed of Parisian-born Marie Seyrat and American Bruce Driscoll.
Let The Games Begin EP.
The duo first met in April of 2011 when Seyrat was the stylist on a video for Driscoll's other band Blondfire. Impressed by Seyrat's whispery voice, Driscoll asked her if she'd be interested in writing some songs together. In August they recorded and released the Let The Games Begin EP.
The video for the first single, Tallest Dreams, starred Gia Mantegna. Daughter of actor Joe Mantegna.
The last song on the EP, Rolling Down, was featured on the season 7 premiere of Bones, during the birth of the main character's baby, Christine.
Earthquake.
Their follow up single and video, Earthquake, was released on Valentine's Day 2012. It was named single-of-the-week by French music magazine Les Inrockuptibles. 
Glamour Magazine included Earthquake in their 100th issue, anniversary playlist. French underwear brand, Princesse Tam.Tam also used the song in their making of video for Winter, 2012.
Outlaws EP.
Following a visit to the grave of Billy the Kid in Fort Sumner, NM the duo began to conceptualize a wild west themed EP. In April of 2012, they released the Outlaws EP, featuring two original songs and a cover of Serge Gainsbourg and Brigitte Bardot's Bonnie and Clyde.
Summer In The City.
The song and video, Summer in the City, was released in July of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36695419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695419" title="Anthony Alozie">
Anthony Alozie

Anthony Alozie (born 18 August 1986 in Aba, Abia, Nigeria) is an Australian track and field sprinter. He was a member of the Australian 4 x 100m relay team that equalled the Australian record when they qualified for the finals at the 2012 London Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36695422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695422" title="Mikaela Wulff">
Mikaela Wulff

Mikaela Wulff (April 24, 1990 in Helsinki) is a Finnish sailor who participated in the The Elliott 6m competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She was in a crew led by Silja Lehtinen along with Silja Kanerva and finished in 3rd place, achieving bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36695427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695427" title="Steven Hetherington">
Steven Hetherington

Steven Hetherington (born 9 March 1993 in Hartlepool, England) is an English professional footballer playing as a central midfielder or defensive midfielder. He is a free agent after his contract expired with Scottish Premier League club Motherwell on 20 May 2013.
Career.
Hetherington started his football career at local club Hartlepool United, and was at Victoria Park up until July 2009, when SPL club Rangers signed him. He was immediantely drafted into the under 19 team.
His chances with the Scottish giants were limited, and was released by the club on July 2011 after not making a single first team appearance. He was then given a trial at fellow SPL club Motherwell, and did enough to earn a short term contract at the Fir Park club. Despite not making a first team appearance in the 2011–12 season, Hetherington's good performances for the Under 19 team earned him a contract extension with the club.
After several former youth players were released by Motherwell, his chances of a first team appearance increased. Indeed, on 11 August 2012, he made his competitive first-team debut as a substitute for Keith Lasley in a 1–1 draw with St. Johnstone.
On 7 February 2013, after making just 4 appearances for Motherwell in the 2012–13 season, Hetherington went on a months loan to Lanarkshire derby rivals Airdrie United. That loan was then extended till the end of the season.
On 20 May 2013, Hetherington left Motehrwell after failing to earn a contract extension with the Fir Park club.

</doc>
<doc id="36695428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695428" title="List of orthopedic implants">
List of orthopedic implants

An orthopedic implant is a medical device manufactured to replace a missing joint or bone or to support a damaged bone. The medical implant is mainly fabricated using stainless steel and titanium alloys for strength and the plastic coating that is done on it acts as an artificial cartilage. Internal fixation is an operation in orthopedics that involves the surgical implementation of implants for the purpose of repairing a bone. Among the most common types of medical implants are the pins, rods, screws and plates used to anchor fractured bones while they heal.

</doc>
<doc id="36695434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695434" title="Ayako Kimura">
Ayako Kimura

Kimura attended Yokohama National University in Yokohama, Japan. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she placed seventh in her 100m hurdles heat with a time of 13.75. She did not advance to the next round. As of the period of the 2012 Summer Olympics, her personal best in the 100 meter hurdles was 13.04, which she ran on April 29, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36695438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695438" title="Augustine College">
Augustine College

Augustine College is a small, private, alternative, Christian, 1-Year Liberal Arts College in Ottawa, Ontario.
Program.
All students are enrolled for eight months in the eight full-credit courses offered plus the Book of the Semester reading group. The program considers the transformation of Art, Literature, Music, Philosophy, and Science over the entire course of Western history. The annual summer conference series continues with Augustine's Impact on Christian Civilization. 
Residences.
Out-of-town students are expected to live in residence space at the college with the support of a designated resident advisor, and additional rental accommodation in the area. The residences are not co-ed. Students are responsible for their own cooking in a fully equipped kitchen.

</doc>
<doc id="36695439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695439" title="Silja Kanerva">
Silja Kanerva

Silja Kanerva (born January 28, 1985 in San Diego, United States) is a Finnish sailor who took part in the The Elliott 6m competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics She was in the crew led by Silja Lehtinen and accompanied by Mikaela Wulff who got bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36695442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695442" title="Mona Denton">
Mona Denton

Mona J. Denton was a right handed pitcher who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. She was born in Denver, Colorado.
Mona Denton found limited success in the league as she posted one of the worst career pitching records during her two seasons in the circuit. Nevertheless, neither team she played with gave her much run support and a consistent defense.
Denton entered the league in 1946 with the South Bend Blue Sox, pitching for them in three games before joining the Kenosha Comets in 1947. She only collected one win against 11 losses, which was not necessarily reflected in her solid 3.54 ERA in 26 pitching appearances.
She eventually left the league, and little is known of her afterward.
Denton received further recognition when she became part of "Women in Baseball", a permanent display based at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown, New York, which was unveiled in 1988 to honor the entire All-American Girls Professional Baseball League.
Career statistics.
Pitching
Batting 
Fielding
Sources.
http://blogs.denverpost.com/library/2012/12/10/denvers-mona-denton-due-pitching-professional-baseball/

</doc>
<doc id="36695444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695444" title="Isaac Ntiamoah">
Isaac Ntiamoah

Isaac Ntiamoah (born 27 October 1982 in Canberra) is an Australian track and field sprinter. He was a member of the Australian 4 x 100m relay team that equalled the Australian record when they qualified for the finals at the 2012 London Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36695445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695445" title="Sunny Happiness">
Sunny Happiness

Sunny Happiness (Chinese: 幸福最晴天 Xin Fu Zui Qing Tian) is a 2011 Chinese-Taiwanese drama series starring Mike He and Janine Chang. The series was aired in China through Anhui TV and in Taiwan through CTV.
Synopsis.
Xiang Yun Jie (Mike He) is a young, rich and divorced owner of an expanding company. Fang Yong Yong (Janine Chang) works as a housekeeper in a hotel whose owner happens to be Xiang Yun Jie. When Xiang Yun Jie decides to demolish an orphanage which is located on a very valuable piece of land to construct a new shopping mall, this orphanage is revealed to be Fang Yong Yong's old home. As Fang Yong Yong begins to work as well as a nanny, she finds out that Xiang Yun Jie is not the golden bachelor he pretends to, because he actually has an eight year old child. Xiang Yun Jie though, did not know himself that he has a child, as he thought that his ex-wife had aborted their child. After finding out the truth he wants to gain custody of the child, as his ex-wife refuses to let Xiang Yun Jie spend time with his child. At around the same time Fang Yong Yong finds out who the culprit behind the mall project ist, namely Xiang Yun Jie. Now, since both are in the need of something, Xiang Yun Jie decides to give Fang Yong Yong the prospect of saving the orphanage in exchange for a fake marriage which has to last exactly one year (as he wants to gain custody he can only do that by providing the child with a whole family).
Will Fang Yong Yong accept the contract? Which consequences will the contract have for the families and the company? Can a fake marriage become a real one? And why is Fang Yong Yong suddenly pregnant? 
"Sunny Happiness" provides a fun and dramatic roller-coaster watch which shows how twisted fate can be sometimes and lets the actors shine in a whole different light.

</doc>
<doc id="36695450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695450" title="Silja Lehtinen">
Silja Lehtinen

Silja Lehtinen (born November 5, 1985 in Helsinki) is a Finnish sailor. Lehtinen studies medicine in the University of Helsinki.
Silja Lehtinen has sailed in two Olympic regattas. In 2008, in the age of 23, she skippered the Finnish team in Yngling class to an 11th place. In 2012 she participated in Women's Match Race and won a bronze medal with her crew Silja Kanerva and Mikaela Wulff.
In 2012 as well, only a month before the Olympic regatta, Lehtinen and her crew won match race world championship title in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Her brother Lauri skippered the Finnish 49er into a seventh place in 2012 Olympic regatta.

</doc>
<doc id="36695452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695452" title="Bukola Abogunloko">
Bukola Abogunloko

Bukola Abogunloko (born August 18, 1994) is a Nigerian sprinter. She was part of the Nigerian 4 × 400 metres relay team at the 2012 Olympics that made it to the final. However, they were disqualified in the finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36695453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695453" title="Veritas University">
Veritas University

Veritas University, Abuja is the Catholic University of Nigeria, a Roman Catholic university founded by the Catholic Bishops Conference of Nigeria in 2007, with a mission of providing students with an integral and holistic formation that combines academic and professional training with physical, moral, spiritual, social and cultural formation together with formation of Christian religious principles and the social Teachings of the Catholic Church.
Students.
In Veritas University, the students are obligated with the tasks of good Christian lives with promising and positive attitudes that serve as auxiliary to their sincere urge to study judiciously while nurturing the farsightedness in their desperate minds in order to achieve the basic reason why they enrolled into the institution. It is more interesting to see how they communicate like a family. The students are admitted based on their certified qualification, in line with the academic standard that has been put up, and that is why Veritas University accommodates and admits students regardless of their ethnics and religion- (2GO SAMUEL S S WTFR 447)
Goals.
Veritas University aims to advance knowledge in the service of God, humanity, truth and society; to promote the highest standards of teaching and learning, research and community service; to produce graduates with practical skills and the ability to engage critically and meaningfully with a society that has more and more alienating, and with the contemporary global culture; and to inculcate in the students the cultivation of moral rectitude in personal and professional life, and the readiness to accept and discharge obligations and responsibilities.
Accreditation.
In July 2012, the University was given full accreditation on all her programmes by the National Universities Commission after their first visit.

</doc>
<doc id="36695460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695460" title="Choi Gwi-seung">
Choi Gwi-seung

Choi Gwi-seung (born 13 May 1941) is a South Korean modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36695469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695469" title="Andrew McCabe">
Andrew McCabe

Andrew McCabe (born 29 August 1990 in Longreach, Queensland) is an Australian track and field sprinter. He was a member of the Australian 4 x 100m relay team that equalled the Australian record when they qualified for the finals at the 2012 London Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36695490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695490" title="Cornuproetus">
Cornuproetus

Cornuproetus was a genus of trilobite in the family Tropidocoryphidae.

</doc>
<doc id="36695492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695492" title="Architech">
Architech

The Architectural Association of Universiti Teknologi Malaysia ( or PSUTM), more commonly known as Architech, is the official association for students of architecture in UTM. It was formed in the 70s during the Kuala Lumpur days, and one of the earliest students association to be registered under Office of Students' Affair (HEMA, previously HEP), and is acknowledged as one of the most active students association in UTM. It resides within the Department of Architecture, Universiti Teknologi Malaysia, under the Faculty of Built Environment.
Role.
The main role of Architech is to manage the welfare of the UTM architecture students, organize events of various forms for the benefits of its members, to become the voice of the students in the school, and ultimately to ensure the advancement of non-academic qualities amongst its members.
Logo.
The Architech logo was a result of a design competition held by the association in 1992, initiated by the president at the time, Zulhisham and Che Wan Ahmad Faizal. At the time, the name Architech have not come into being, and the logo competition was actually for PSUTM. The prize advertised was RM200, however the participations were poor and uninspiring (less than 20 entries), hence no winner was picked. Instead, Che Wan Ahmad Faizal then approached Fauzee Nasir to design a logo worthy for the association.
Using Aldus Freehand 2.0. on a classic Mac, Fauzee designed the logo, incorporating the name Architech for the first time. This was the first instance of the name in use. The logo and the name Architech was accepted by the general population, and remains in use until now.
Description.
The logo utilizes simple and straightforward typography, using Times New Roman, beginning with a capital A and with italic type applied to the last four letters. The letters "Archi" will normally be black on white/light background, or white on black/dark background. The letters "tech" will normally be red, or gray in monochrome print.
Rights and Ownership.
The Architech logo was designed and still owned by Fauzee Nasir until today. In a deal struck with the association, the association agreed not to pay the RM200 prize money to Fauzee Nasir as the design was not part of the competition. Hence, the designer retains ownership and rights to the logo. However, in a mutual agreement the designer gave right to use and reproduce the logo as long as it is not for commercial use. Any commercial use must have written permission from the designer.
Student Composition.
Architech members consist of the entire population of architecture students in UTM, as students enrolled in the programme are automatically registered under it unless otherwise requested. Previously it also included students of landscape architecture until they formed their own students society in late 1990s. When the diploma programme was shifted to UTM KL campus under the Razak School, the diploma students formed their own society called ARCO, which was intended as a sister society to Architech. However, due to logistics problem, especially since both are now under two different schools, ARCO became an independent body, but maintained close relations with Architech.
Sub-communities.
Below is the list of students batches and name. (Due to the various intake positions in the programme, it made more sense to list the batches according to their respective graduation year, instead of intake year).
Structure.
Top Committee.
Architech is led by its president, democratically elected amongst its members for a term of one year. The president is assisted by the vice president, secretary and treasurer, all of which are democratically elected as well. Together, they will form their government, electing individuals of various skills into official positions where their skills could be harnessed for the benefit of the society. These positions evolve and vary throughout the years to meet any needs.
Some example of the positions over the years are:
Leadership.
The list of Presidents are as follows, according to year and batch.
Publications.
Architext.
Architext was initiated as a periodical newsletter for Architech. It started around 1997, led by Roshida Majid and advised by Dr. Mohd Tajuddin Mohd Rasdi. Copies of the first two issues were lost; #3 was the earliest remaining copy today. It was distributed free bilingually in Bahasa Malaysia and English, featured several articles relating to architectural studies, listed events and activities, as well as a cartoon sketch.
Architext was never resumed and was presumably forgotten, until recently some of its original members began discussing of bringing it back.
Design Folio.
The Design Folio is a publication collecting selected students' thesis works from a particular year. It is published with the notion of showcasing works based on specific theme for each publication. Students works are then selected based on the theme, ideally spanning between three to five years of thesis works. However, in its two innumeration, the selection is limited within a group of students in a particular year.
The publication is intended for commercial publications. The editorial consists of entirely students from the thesis group, advised and consulted by the Thesis Coordinators. To date, there have been two successful publications: the first in 2005 and the second in 2007. There was another manuscript managed to be completed in 2008, however due to funding limitations, it did not get published.
Design Thesis Synopsis.
1997 Architectural Design Thesis.
Anthem.
The association have adopted a song written by one of the students in the late 80s, Zuhairi Harun. The song was titled 'Warisan', touching on the struggle of heritage and identity of architecture in Malaysia. The song have gone through a number of renditions, including quickening of tempo and change of melody, however the spirit of the song remains.
Activities.
Architectural Workshop.
The architectural workshop is an annual national gatherings of architectural students in Malaysia. It began in 1987 in UTM, using the format of a jamboree, organised by Persatuan Arkitek (Architech) in Kuala Lumpur. Concurrently during the workshop, the PAM-Education Liaison Meeting would also take place to take advantage of the gatherings of students from various schools in one location.
Architech was the pioneer of the architectural workshop, which exists until today. The last architectural workshop hosted by Architech was in June 2011 using the theme "Terang". It was the biggest architectural workshop ever hosted by Architech, involving over 24 schools of architecture from all over Malaysia. It was officiated by PAM Vice President Ar. Saifuddin Ahmad. One of the outcome of the module was street furnitures, which became a feature in Jalan Wong Ah Fook, Johor Bahru. Over 20 sculptures were displayed and used by the public for a period of several days.
At the moment, it is undecided on when the next hosting by Architech will be, but it is estimated around 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="36695494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695494" title="Alejandro Silva">
Alejandro Silva

Alejandro Silva may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36695496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695496" title="Alina Litvinenko">
Alina Litvinenko

Alina Litvinenko (born 17 December 1995) is a Kyrgyzstani football striker currently playing for BIIK Kazygurt in the Kazakhstani Championship. She made her Champions League debut in August 2012, scoring a hat-trick against Pärnu JK.
She is a founding member of the Kyrzygstani national team. On 27 April 2009 she scored at 13 a hat-trick against Palestine in the 2010 Asian Cup's qualification to give Kyrgyzstan its first win.

</doc>
<doc id="36695500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695500" title="Elena Lashmanova">
Elena Lashmanova

Elena Lashmanova (, born April 9, 1992 in Mordovia) is a Russian race walker. In her Olympic debut at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Lashmanova won gold in the women's 20 kilometres walk in world record time.
Lashmanova had a positive doping test announced 22 June, 2014, and has been suspended for 2 years. 

</doc>
<doc id="36695502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695502" title="Scutellum (trilobite)">
Scutellum (trilobite)

Scutellum was a genus of trilobite in the family Styginidae. They lived during the Devonian Period and are most often found in the Atlas Mountain area of Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="36695509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695509" title="Associated Motion Picture Advertisers">
Associated Motion Picture Advertisers

The Associated Motion Picture Advertisers (also known as the Association of Motion Picture Advertisers) was an organization founded in New York City in 1916.
The founding members of the association were: Arthur James, Metro Pictures; Harry Reichenbach, Frohman Amusement Company; S. B. Van Horn, World Film Company; Wallace Thompson, Paramount Pictures; Hopp Hadley, Mutual Film; A. S. Levino, Arrow Film; Terry Ramsaye, Mutual Film; Harry King Toole, Gaumont, Paul Gulick, Universal; Nat G. Rothstein, Universal; Joe Brandt, Universal; Julian M. Solomon, Jr., Morosco-Pallas; Henry James, Metro Pictures; Charles E. Moyer, Paramount Pictures; E. Richard Schayer, L. J. Selznick Enterprises; E. Lanning Masters, V-L-S-E; Victor Mansfield Shapiro, V-L-S-E; George T. Gerhard, V-L-S-E; Jacques Kopfstein, Ivan Film; John C. Flinn, Jesse L. Lasky Feature Play Company; Carl H. Pierce, Oliver Morosco Photoplay Company; Pete Schmid, Pallas Pictures; Charles C. Burr, Paramount Pictures; Ben Schulberg, Famous Players Film Company.
The organization remained active for the next four decades.

</doc>
<doc id="36695512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695512" title="Warren Coats">
Warren Coats

Warren L. Coats, Jr. (born May 19, 1942 in Bakersfield, Calif.), is an economist specializing in monetary policy. He retired from the International Monetary Fund in May, 2003, to join the Board of Directors of the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority. He is President of Economic Consulting, providing technical assistance to central banks, and is currently advising the central banks of Afghanistan (for the IMF), and Kazakhstan (for the government of Kazakhstan).
Early life.
Warren Coats was born and raised in Bakersfield, California, where he graduated from Bakersfield High School in 1960 in absentia while spending his senior year abroad with the International Christian Youth Exchange in the German village of Rasdorf. While in Germany he lived with the family of Albert Martin for a year and attended the Gymnasium in Hünfeld near Fulda.
From 1960 to 1962 Coats attended Bakersfield College, where he co-founded and edited the "Weekly Blatt", an underground weekly campus newspaper dedicated to presenting conservative and libertarian political perspectives on current events.
During 1962-66 Coats attended the University of California at Berkeley and received a B.A. in Economics in June, 1966. At Berkeley he served as president of several organizations including the University Young Republicans (UYR), the University Conservatives, and his fraternity, Alpha Tau Omega. In his capacity as president of the UYR he was a member of the Free Speech Movement Coordinating Committee and allied with the presidents of the University Young Democrats, University Conservatives, and the Young People's Socialist League in an effort to restore free speech to the campus without violence.
In 1966-70 Coats studied economics at the University of Chicago. His doctoral dissertation was on "The September 1968 Changes in 'Regulation D' and Their Implications for Monetary Supply Control," with Milton Friedman heading his dissertation committee. His Ph.D was granted in 1972. While studying at Chicago, Coats taught part-time at the Illinois Institute of Technology (1966–1967 and 1968–1970). In 1968 he took a leave of absence to join Louise Wilkinson at the University of Hawaii in Honolulu, where both where Assistant Professors. They married in Hawaii that summer before returning to Chicago to resume their graduate studies.
Career.
Coats was an Assistant Professor of Economics at the University of Virginia from 1970–75 and Assistant Chairman of the Economics Department in 1975. He joined the IMF at the beginning of 1976 and became chief of the Special Drawing Rights (SDR) division in the Finance Department in 1983. He has published one book and over a dozen articles on the SDR.
In January 1992 Coats rejoined what is now the Monetary and Capital Markets Department (MCM) in the IMF to lead a technical assistance mission to Bulgaria followed by back-to-back missions to Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan. From there on, his career focused on an intensive program of developing new central banks and currencies that has lasted beyond his retirement. He has led more than 70 missions that have provided practical advice and assistance to central banks around the globe often under crisis conditions. These include missions to Afghanistan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bangladesh, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Egypt, Hungary, Iraq, Israel, Kazakhstan, Kosovo, Kyrgyz Republic, Malta, Moldova, Nigeria, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Turkey, the West Bank and Gaza Strip and the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. He supervised the establishment of new central banks in Bosnia and Herzegovina and the West Bank and Gaza Strip, and the reestablishment, transformation, and development of the payment and banking systems in Kosovo, and helped Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, and later Bosnia and Herzegovina introduce their own currencies.
Coats’ work on banking sector issues in Moldova, Bulgaria, Croatia, Turkey and Yugoslavia has provided him with the practical experience reflected in his several articles on banking sector soundness issues (including several papers on Bank Insolvency Law). He has also written on various monetary theory and policy issues, including electronic money and inflation targeting. He edited a book on Inflation Targeting in Transition Economies published by the IMF and the Czech National Bank and co-edited a book on the same subject published by the Czech National Bank in 2003. The difficult negotiations he led for the IMF to establish a new central bank following the end of the civil war in Bosnia and Herzegovina are chronicled in his most recent book, "One Currency for Bosnia: Creating the Central Bank of Bosnia and Herzegovina", published in August, 2007, by Jameson Books.
Coats’ monetary advice has not always been trouble free. At a widely attended press conference in Kabul in January 2002, Coats was asked by a "New York Times" reporter whether the IMF was recommending that Afghanistan replace the existing currency with U.S. dollars. He responded that dollarization was one of the options under consideration. When he failed to explain that if the policy to dollarize were adopted then the existing currency would be redeemed for dollars, the Afghani immediately depreciated about 25%. The next day acting central bank governor Abdul Fitrat detailed more fully how the adoption of dollarization (which was rejected in any event), would work and the exchange rate recovered fully within a day.
At the time he retired from the IMF in May, 2003, to become a Director of the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority (CIMA), Coats was the Assistant Director of the Monetary and Capital Markets Department (MCM). Coats was a visiting economist at the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in 1979 and was seconded to the World Bank for one year to help write the 1989 World Development Report on the Financial System.
Following his IMF retirement, he continued providing technical assistance to central banks as a consultant with the IMF, BearingPoint, the Asian Development Bank, and Deloitte Consulting. His recent consulting assignments have included Afghanistan, Iraq, Kenya, Zimbabwe, and South Sudan.
Coats is a member of Alpha Tau Omega (Past President of Berkeley chapter), American Economic Association, The Mont Pelerin Society, Order of the Golden Bear, The Philadelphia Society (past member of board of directors), and the Western Economic Association International, (past member of the executive committee).
His honors include: Kyrgyzstan’s Certificate of Honor, presented by President Askar Akaev in Bishkek in 1997, in recognition of his work to prepare Kyrgyzstan to introduce its own currency, and he was inducted into Confrérie de la Chaîne des Rôtisseurs in Sofia, Bulgaria, in 1999.
Coats currently serves as director of the Africa Youth Peace Call (AYPC), and Universal Trading & Investment Co., Inc., and is on the editorial board of the Cayman Financial Review.
Current employment.
Coats ended seven years on CIMA in 2010 and joined the Editorial Board of the Cayman Financial Review soon thereafter. He is currently part of the IMF country team as a consultant, negotiating a program with Afghanistan that can be supported with an IMF Extended Credit Facility. He is part of a Deloitte team financed by United States Agency for International Development helping the new government of South Sudan prepare for independence by establishing a new central bank and issuing a new currency.
Coats presented proposals for a hard SDR issued by a global currency board (Real SDR Currency Board) at a G20 High Level Seminar on the Reform of the International Monetary System in Nanjing, China, on March 30 of 2011, on May 4, 2011, in Astana, Kazakhstan, and on July 1, 2011, in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="36695517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695517" title="Ri Jong-myong">
Ri Jong-myong

Jong Myong Ri () is a North Korean wrestler.
He represented North Korea at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's freestyle 60 kg and stood 5th after losing to Yogeshwar Dutt of India 1-3.

</doc>
<doc id="36695519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695519" title="Raymond Rhule">
Raymond Rhule

Raymond Rhule is a Ghanaian-born, South African rugby union player, currently playing with the in the Currie Cup and the in Super Rugby.
Springbok career.
Rhule's international rugby career started as a call-up for the Springbok squad for the 2012 end-of-year tour to England, but has yet to be selected for a test match.

</doc>
<doc id="36695530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695530" title="Kaukritya">
Kaukritya

Kaukritya (Sanskrit; Pali: "kukkucca"; Tibetan phonetic: "gyöpa") is a Buddhist term that is translated as "regret", "worry", etc. In the Theravada tradition, "kukkucca" is defined as worry or remorse after having done wrong; it has the characteristic of regret. In the Mahayana tradition, "kaukritya" is defined as sadness because of mental displeasure with a former action. 
Kaukritya (Pali: kukkucca) is identified as:
Explanations.
Theravada.
Bhikkhu Bodhi explains:
The Atthasālinī (II, Book II, Part IX, Chapter III, 258) gives the following definition of kukkucca:
Nina van Gorkom explains:
Mahayana.
The Abhidharma-samuccaya states: 
Mipham Rinpoche states:
Alexander Berzin explains:
External links.
Mahayana tradition:
Theravada tradition:

</doc>
<doc id="36695536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695536" title="Mashal Mohammed Zabin">
Mashal Mohammed Zabin

Lt. General Mashal Mohammed Zabin (Mishal Mohammed Zabin, Meshal Mohammed al-Zabin) is Chief of Staff of the armed forces of Jordan. He replaced General Khalid Jamil Sarayreh in that position in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36695565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695565" title="Empresa de insercion">
Empresa de insercion

The "Empresas de Inserción" or "Insertion companies" are an enterprise inside the world of Spanish Social Economy. EIs are a special type of social enterprise that focus on employment be for the most disadvantaged and excluded.
The Spanish law for "Empresas de Inserció" or "EI" defines them as follows: "Will be considered as integration enterprise or cooperative corporation that legally constituted, duly qualified by relevant regional organizations in this field, perform any economic activity of producing goods and services, designed to make arrangements for social integration and social and labor training of people experiencing social exclusion as a transition to regular employment.
"For these purposes must provide workers from extreme and difficult situations, as part of their pathways to integration, custom processes and assisted in paid work, training in the workplace, labor and social habituation. Also, these companies should have intervention or support services to facilitate their labor insertion subsequent incorporation into the regular labor market".
From 2000 and 2002, the 12 countries surveyed had a total of 14,200 EI in 40 different business structures. The vast majority of EI in Spain are in Basque Country and in Catalonia.

</doc>
<doc id="36695569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695569" title="Vooremaa">
Vooremaa

Vooremaa ("Drumlin Land" in Estonian) is a landscape region mostly in Jõgeva County, Estonia. It consists of drumlins and depressions that were formed by the glacial accumulation and erosion. All the landscape elements such as relief, vegetation, waterbodies and watercourses as well as settlements follow the northwest-southeast direction of the drumlins. The drumlins are long, wide and up to high. 47% of Vooremaa is cultivated and villages are located on the feet of the drumlins. One fifth (20.3%) of the area is covered by wetlands. The highest point is Laiuse drumlin, at .

</doc>
<doc id="36695571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695571" title="List of international cricket centuries by Javed Miandad">
List of international cricket centuries by Javed Miandad

Javed Miandad is a former batsman and captain of Pakistan. He scored 23 centuries in Test cricket and 8 One Day International (ODI) hundreds during his 17-year international career. Miandad played 124 Test matches and notched 8,832 runs to remain the leading scorer for Pakistan in Test cricket. In 233 ODI matches, he scored 7,381 runs. In 1982, he was named as one of the Wisden Cricketers of the Year; the cricket almanac tagged him as "one of the best and most exciting players in the world". He was inducted into the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame in January 2009.
Miandad scored century on his Test debut against New Zealand at the Gaddafi Stadium, Lahore, in 1976. He was only the second Pakistan player to achieve this feat. In the third and final Test of the series at National Stadium, Karachi, he made 206 runs and, at 19 years and 141 days, became the youngest ever player to complete a double hundred. Seven years later, in 1983, Miandad realized his highest Test score, an unbeaten 280, against India at the Niaz Stadium, Hyderabad. 
In Test cricket, Miandad made a double century on six occasions. He also scored a century in his 100th Test match and is only the second player to do so in the annals of the game. Miandad scored Test hundreds at thirteen cricket grounds, including nine at venues outside Pakistan. Four of his Test centuries came while captaining his team. As of August 2012, he was twenty-first in the overall list of most hundreds in a Test career.
Having made his ODI debut in 1975 against the West Indies at Edgbaston, Birmingham, Miandad scored his first ODI century against India at Municipal Stadium, Gujranwala, in 1982. His highest ODI score of 119 not out came in a match which Pakistan lost to India at the Gaddafi Stadium, on 31 December 1982. As of August 2012, he was thirtieth overall among all-time combined century makers, a position he shares with Saeed Anwar and Aravinda de Silva.

</doc>
<doc id="36695575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695575" title="Morgan (film)">
Morgan (film)

Morgan is a 2012 film directed by Michael Akers and his fourth long feature film. The film produced by Michael D. Akers, Sandon Berg and Israel Ehrisman and starred Leo Minaya as Morgan Oliver and Jack Kesy as Dean Kagen.
Plot.
Subtitled with the slogan "sometimes you have to dare to dream" (as per the official poster of the theatrical release of the film), "Morgan" is the story of a gay and paralyzed young athlete that attempts to live his life in a situation far from desirable. After an accident leaves him paralyzed from the waist down, Morgan Oliver (played by Leo Minaya), is first seen wallowing in a state of depression, drowning his sorrows in beer as he watches bicycle racing (the sport that at once defined his sense of purpose and drove him to his catalytic accident) on television. He meets Dean Kagan (played by Jack Kesy) who helps him through the way and a romantic relationship develops between the two. Once Morgan knows about the New York Haven Cycle Race, he decides to take part in the race with the help of Kagan and sponsorship from Tread Bike Shop. 
Production.
Akers and Berg planned on writing a story about a paraplegic while casting for an earlier film "Phoenix". A young, handsome wheelchair-using paraplegic actor had submitted his portfolio for a possible role in a film. Although the screenplay for "Phoenix" had been written and no role was envisioned for a paraplegic acting role, they were intrigued enough by him personally, they decided to write a screenplay around a paraplegic athlete. After many interviews with other wheelchair-using gay men, their collection of stories became the basis for the film "Morgan".
One odd thing was that the race was supposed to take place during Memorial Day. However, the filming was clearly done during the winter time. There were no flowers in bloom, no blue skies, and the trees were missing all of their leaves. 
Reception.
One film reviewer wrote: "Morgan is not a sophisticated film, but it is a very human one. Morgan has an abundance of heart and speaks to the travails of the disabled in a way that is rarely addressed in cinema, queer or otherwise. Well Done." Another reviewer wrote, "The cringe-inducing acting coupled with a bizarrely written script don't make Morgan a story of triumph. When you think the film starts to take itself seriously, you see an 'actor' do something that no rational human would do in this circumstance. Method acting would have been welcomed because the amount of fake crying done in this film made me want to turn off the television."
Soundtrack.
Music is by Ryan Rapsys. The film also includes original music by
Screenings.
The film was screened at many festivals including
Awards.
"Audience Award" at:
<br>
"Jury Prize" at:

</doc>
<doc id="36695579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695579" title="Furia (band)">
Furia (band)

Furia - Polish black metal band formed in 2003 in Katowice, with Michał "Nihil" Kuźniak on guitar and vocal, Kamil "Sars" Staszałek on bass, Przemysław "Voldtekt" on guitar and Grzegorz "Namtar" Kantor on drums. "Furia" means "Fury" in polish. Members also play in MasseMord

</doc>
<doc id="36695581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695581" title="Indian Institute of Islamic Studies">
Indian Institute of Islamic Studies

The Indian Institute of Islamic Studies is an Islamic studies institute, in New Delhi Established in 1963, by prominent Muslim leaders including Hakeem Abdul Hameed, who later founded the Jamia Hamdard university, the Institute entrusted to preserve the Islamic tradition and culture in India. In addition to this institute also promoting studies and research in Islam as well as comparative studies. It is the repository of many collections on Islam, mostly written in Persian and Arabic languages, and also publishes a quarterly journal, "Studies in Islam "
The institute was also instrumental in the funding of Delhi-based, India Islamic Cultural Centre (IICC) in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="36695598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695598" title="Jason Oswell">
Jason Oswell

Jason Oswell (born 7 October 1992) is an English professional footballer who plays for Australian club APIA Leichhardt Tigers, as a striker.
Career.
Born in Northwich, Oswell began his career at Crewe Alexandra, turning professional in May 2011. While at Crewe, he spent loan spells at non-league clubs Market Drayton Town and Nantwich Town during the 2010–11 season, and at Welsh club Rhyl during the 2011–12 season. He moved to Inverness Caledonian Thistle in June 2012, making his debut on 11 August 2012 in the Scottish Premier League. Oswell was released by the club by mutual consent in January 2013. He re-signed for former club Nantwich Town in February 2013, before moving to Witton Albion in March 2013. He signed for Australian club APIA Leichhardt Tigers in May 2013, making his debut later that month against the Rockdale City Suns.

</doc>
<doc id="36695601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695601" title="Tomislav Pelin">
Tomislav Pelin

Tomislav Pelin (born 26 March 1981, in Zagreb) is a Croatian football player, currently playing as a goalkeeper for the Prva HNL side Slaven Belupo.

</doc>
<doc id="36695604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695604" title="Tripoli railway station">
Tripoli railway station

The Tripoli railway station is located near El-Mina, Tripoli, Lebanon. It began operating in 1911 and was connected to the Syrian city, Homs, with a single track. It formed the terminus of the Orient Express line in the twenties, thirties and forties of the last century. Tripoli station was connected to the central station of Beirut (Mar Mikael) in 1945.
During World War I, the Ottomans, and for military reasons, damaged the Tripoli/Homs line. Ruined, the station was nationalized in 1920 at the time of the French mandate in Lebanon and Syria. In 1943, after independence, the station became the property of the Lebanese state.
In 1975, the station was abandoned and now contains a number of multipurpose buildings. These buildings were severely damaged during the civil war (1975–1991). A series of ancient multi-purpose wagons, two German G7 class locomotives made in 1895, and four German G8 locomotives, made in 1901 and 1906 remain on the site. The traces of war are visible on the vehicles.
In June 2011, the station reopened its doors to visitors for two days only.
Israel bombarded this station several times.

</doc>
<doc id="36695612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695612" title="Rolf Junefelt">
Rolf Junefelt

Rolf Junefelt (born 15 May 1938) is a Swedish modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36695643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695643" title="Moshe Silman">
Moshe Silman

Moshe Silman (; 26 November 1954 – 20 July 2012) was an Israeli activist who set himself on fire during a social justice demonstration in protest of Israel's welfare system on 14 July 2012. Silman was burned severely and died of his injuries a week later.
Silman's self-immolation was widely covered in the Israeli and international media and was followed by wide public and political discourse within the Israeli society.
Background.
Moshe Silman was born in 1954. He was never married and he had no children. He spent several years in the United States, and he established the trucking business "Mika Transportation" when he returned to Israel. The company's operations centered on four trucks.
In 2002 Silman was charged by the National Insurance Institute of Israel to pay 15,000 NIS. He did not pay the sum due to a dispute regarding the justification of the billing, so one of his trucks was confiscated by the National Insurance Institute. The truck was sold a year later, after Silman did not pay his debt to the National Insurance Institute. As a result, Silman filed a tort claim against the National Insurance Institute, claiming that the institute caused him damages of more than 4.5 million and a foreclosure due to the confiscation of his truck. Silman asked the court to exempt him from paying for the legal procedure but he was refused, after the court's registrar held that "the amount of the claim is absurd, and so is the attempt to link the failures of the National Insurance Institute to the damage caused to applicant." Later on, Silman filed an appeal against the decision to the Supreme Court, but it was refused by the court's registrar on the grounds that Silman must appeal to the district court.
In 2004 Silman established a company which manufactured plastic planters. This project evidently failed, and Silman demanded compensation from the company's suppliers, but his claim was rejected. The judge criticized Silman by stating: "The data of this case indicates that this is not a dream we are dealing with but probably a fantasy, and that it is a pity that Silman choose to turn against all the parties whom tried to help him as much as possible in this project, without being paid for their work."
Following the collapse of his businesses, Silman moved in with his mother in Bat Yam in 2005; he worked as a taxi driver. After his mother's death, and after her apartment was confiscated by the authorities, Silman began renting his own apartment. He later moved to Haifa, where he rented an apartment. Since his driver's license was suspended due to medical reasons, he was no longer able to make a living as a taxi driver. He turned to the National Insurance Institute to recognize his disability, but received lower disability rates. After the intervention of the Rabbis for Human Rights, in May 2012 he was recognized by the National Insurance Institute as being 100% disabled and began receiving from the institute disability payments of 2,300 NIS per month.
His appeals to the Ministry of Housing and Construction for assistance in rent were rejected because he did not meet the criteria necessary for that assistance. In addition, Silman turned to the Israeli state-owned housing company Amidar and requested public housing, but his request was eventually rejected because he did not meet the criteria necessary for that assistance. His appeal to the Department of Social Affairs of the Municipality of Haifa was also rejected, and he was told by the municipality that they could only help him after he ended up in the streets. 
MK Orly Levy-Abekasis, chairman of the Lobby for public housing, approached the CEO of the Ministry of Housing, on behalf of Silman. Nevertheless, her appeals were also rejected. The Ministry of Housing said that a special committee would discuss his request again in September, but it declined to provide emergency assistance to prevent him from becoming homeless. 
All along Silman made it clear that he would not end up in the streets. Silman insisted that, after fulfilling his national duties via his mandatory military service and Reserves service, the state of Israel was obligated to help law abiding citizens in such dire economic and health situations. In the past, Silman did threaten to harm himself, but his threats did not lead the welfare authorities to solve his problems. In response to his threats, the psychiatric commission representative of the National Insurance Institute claimed that those who threaten to commit suicide do not intend to commit suicide, and the Amidar clerk asked him to just not do it at the Amidar offices.
Social justice activities.
During the summer of 2011, Silman joined the activities of Israeli social justice protests in the Haifa region. Silman advocated taking a more political and active approach, in contrast to those whom sought to focus the social justice protests only on a change of consciousness within the existing framework. He claimed that the protests must be political, and that this should be reflected in an establishment of a party which would manage to overthrow the government of Benjamin Netanyahu. Silman called for active operations, such as occupying abandoned or unoccupied empty residential apartments as part of the struggle for public housing.
Self-immolation.
Silman set himself on fire during a social justice demonstration held on 14 July 2012. In the suicide letter he passed out before he burnt himself, he accused the state of Israel and the welfare system of failing to treat disadvantaged people in his situation. He blamed Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz for the economic policy that led him to commit suicide: "I hold the State of Israel, Bibi Netanyahu and Steinitz, the bastards, accountable for the humiliation which the disadvantaged citizens, go through every day, as the rich and the government workers take from the poor." He also blamed various government officials in National Insurance Institute, including the Claims Department Manager and the Registrar of the court in Haifa, for the injustice done to him. 
Silman was transferred to the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center, which was the closest to the site in which the self-immolation occurred. This hospital did not include a burn unit, so he was transferred to the Sheba Medical Center. Even once he arrived there, all six beds in the burn unit were occupied and he had to be treated in the general intensive care unit of the hospital.
Moshe Silman died of his injuries on 20 July 2012. He was buried in the Beit kVarot ha-Darom Cemetery in Holon.
Aftermath.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu referred to the event as a "great personal tragedy". Israeli Minister of Education Gideon Sa'ar stated that "the act should remind us all of the everyday hardships of our society and of our individuals, and that we must be sensitive and responsive to the plight of others and assist as much as possible. The important thing is to understand the background of things, to understand the distress from which events such as this could derive and to be sensitive to it."
MK Shelly Yachimovich stated that "suicide is an unusual and shocking answer to difficulties and suffering, but we must not forget the context: the inhumane hardening of the conditions of eligibility for public housing, the unraveling of the social safety net until it has holes so huge that many fall through them to the abyss; and the struggle for survival of small and medium business owners. Silman's fate occurred largely due to the collapse of the welfare state, and the rise of a Darwinian jungle economy."
In the Israeli public discourse, some have compared Moshe Silman to Jan Palach or Mohamed Bouazizi; they see the state leaders (and Benjamin Netanyahu in particular) as responsible for Silman's condition. Others perceive Silman as a person suffering from a mental illness which, in his unfortunate life circumstances, led to a desperate act.
Silman's self-immolation act led to a Werther effect, as a number of other Israelis attempted to commit suicide due to financial distress and emotional despair over the Israeli welfare system. Akiva Mafai, a 45-year-old wheelchair-bound IDF veteran, set himself on fire at a bus station and died of his wounds only two days after the death of Silman. On 11 December 2013 a memorial event was held for six people who had self-immolated in the past year.
The Israeli government established an emergency treatment for extreme cases. Social workers complained that they do not have the tools to deal with the distress of many people beset by the housing shortages and failures of the National Insurance Institute; this may lead to an increase in suicide attempts after the affected realize that social workers cannot help them.

</doc>
<doc id="36695644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695644" title="Bo Jansson">
Bo Jansson

Bo Jansson (born 20 April 1937) is a Swedish modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1964 and 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36695664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695664" title="Bain family">
Bain family

The Bain or Bayne family were a minor Scottish noble family.
Origins.
Despite their name the Bain family were not part of the Scottish Clan MacBain. They were in fact a branch or sept of the Clan Mackay, another Highland Scottish clan. The progenitor of this family was John Bain Mackay, son of Neil Neilson Mackay who was in turn a grandson of Donald Mackay (died 1370), chief of Clan Mackay. John Bain Mackay dropped his surname and used his middle name of Bain as a surname instead. This may have been due to a feud within the Clan Mackay involving his father Neil Neilson Mackay that had resulted in the Battle of Drumnacoub in 1427 or 1433. Due to this conflict John Bain not only dropped the surname of Mackay but moved from the his homeland in the west of the county of Sutherland to the neighboring county of Caithness.
Family.
John Bain married in 1436 and died in 1452, leaving four sons:

</doc>
<doc id="36695688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695688" title="Vatatzes">
Vatatzes

The Vatatzes or Batatzes () family was a noble Byzantine family of the 11th–14th centuries, which produced several senior generals of the Byzantine army and, after John III Doukas Vatatzes intermarried with the Laskaris, the ruling line of the Empire of Nicaea until the usurpation of Michael VIII Palaiologos in 1261. The feminine form of the name is Vatatzina (Βατατζίνα).
The first member of the family, known simply by his surname, is attested around the year 1000. John Skylitzes ("Synopsis Historion", 343.134) records that "Vatatzes with his entire family" was among those "distinguished citizens of Adrianople" who fled to the Bulgarian emperor Samuel because they were accused of pro-Bulgarian sentiments. Over the next centuries, the family remained associated with Adrianople and the surrounding region (the "thema" of Macedonia), where their estates were. 
In 1047, a John Vatatzes joined the revolt of Leo Tornikios, but in the 12th century they rose to high offices: Theodore Vatatzes was named "despotes" by Emperor Manuel I, and his son John Komnenos Vatatzes became "megas domestikos" (commander-in-chief of the Byzantine army). Another Vatatzes, Nikephoros, was "domestikos" of the West, and Basil Vatatzes was "domestikos" of the East soon after. Basil was possibly the father of John III Doukas Vatatzes (reigned 1221–1254) and his brother, the "sebastokrator" Isaac Doukas Vatatzes.
John III was succeeded as Emperor of Nicaea by his son Theodore II (r. 1254–1258), who however preferred his mother's surname, Laskaris. Theodore II's son, John IV Laskaris (r. 1258–1261), was driven from the throne by Michael VIII Palaiologos (r. 1259–1282), but the family remained important. The last prominent member was John Vatatzes in the mid-14th century.
A variant of the family name, Diplovatatzes (Διπλοβατάτζης, "Double Vatatzes"), was used from the mid-12th century on for family members who descended from the Vatatzai on both sides. They too ranked among the senior nobility of the late Byzantine Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="36695704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695704" title="Andrea Miller">
Andrea Miller

Andrea Miller may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36695719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695719" title="Jürgen Rittenauer">
Jürgen Rittenauer

Jürgen Rittenauer (born May 18, 1986) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for 1. FC Rielasingen-Arlen.
Career.
Rittenauer joined Hallescher FC in 2009, having played for a number of semi-pro clubs in southern Germany, and has generally served as backup goalkeeper to Darko Horvat. He didn't make any appearances as the club won the Regionalliga Nord in the 2011–2012 season, but made his 3. Liga debut in a 1–0 defeat to SpVgg Unterhaching in August 2012. He was released by Halle in July 2013 and signed for 1. FC Rielasingen-Arlen.

</doc>
<doc id="36695722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695722" title="The Citadel Bulldogs football, 1960–69">
The Citadel Bulldogs football, 1960–69

The Citadel Bulldogs football teams represented The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina in Charleston, South Carolina, United States. The program was established in 1905. Their primary rivals are Furman University and Virginia Military Institute (VMI). The games against VMI would later become known as the Military Classic of the South.
The 1960s saw some of the Bulldogs' most successful seasons of football, with the program making its only bowl appearance in 1960 and winning its first Southern Conference championship in 1961.
__NOTOC__
References.
1. <br>
2. 

</doc>
<doc id="36695741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695741" title="Hotel Carrasco">
Hotel Carrasco

The Hotel Casino Carrasco is a historic hotel and casino in Carrasco of Montevideo, Uruguay. It currently operates as the Hotel Sofitel Montevideo Casino Carrasco and Spa.
History.
Its construction started in 1912 and finished in 1921, after 9 years work.
For decades it was a landmark of luxury for tourists visiting Montevideo. Because of eventual deterioration of the building, it was closed in the late 1990s.
In 2007 started the bidding for a public contract for its restoration and operation. By the end of 2009, it was finally adjudicated to Carrasco Nobile SA, a consortium led by the Codere Group together with international investors Global Partners and AGG. They designated Sofitel of the French chain Accor as the hotel operator. The hotel re-opened its doors in March 2013.
According to El País, the opening of this building brings with it a whole revolution in the neighbourhood of Carrasco, with many real estate and business investments.

</doc>
<doc id="36695755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695755" title="Jebel Kelti">
Jebel Kelti

Jebel Kelti is the name given to a mountain located south of Tetouan in Morocco on the African side of the Strait of Gibraltar. It is part of the Rif mountain chain. 
Description.
Jebel Kelti is about 1912 metres high. It is located between Tetouan and Chefchaouen in the Tanger-Tétouan region of Morocco. It can be seen from Spain as it is below Ceuta. It has a small summit area and steep sides.

</doc>
<doc id="36695769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695769" title="Ethnic groups in Chicago">
Ethnic groups in Chicago

The mix of ethnic groups in Chicago has varied over the history of the city, resulting in a diverse community in the twenty-first century. The changes in the ethnicity of the population have reflected the history and mass migrations of the nineteenth and twentieth century in North America, as well as internal demographic changes. The groups have been important in the development of the city as well as players in occasional conflicts.
Twenty-first century.
As of the 2010 census, there were 2,695,598 people with 1,045,560 households residing within Chicago. More than half the population of the state of Illinois lives in the Chicago metropolitan area. Chicago is also one of the US's most densely populated major cities. The racial composition of the city was:
Chicago has a Hispanic or Latino population of 28.9%. (Its members may belong to any race; 21.4% Mexican, 3.8% Puerto Rican, 0.7% Guatemalan, 0.6% Ecuadorian, 0.3% Cuban, 0.3% Colombian, 0.2% Honduran, 0.2% Salvadoran, 0.2% Peruvian) The Guatemalan, Colombian and Peruvian communities have grown substantially in the 2000s, and some estimates give higher percentages.
Ethnic groups.
African Americans.
Tanzanians.
Most Tanzanians who have arrived since 1986 have chosen to settle in Chicago. Many of them are students and professionals who came to the city to pursue an advanced degree or work for an employer that sponsored their entry into the United States. Some of the Tanzanians have returned to their home country a few years after arriving in the U. S.
Religion plays an active role in the lives of many Tanzanian Americans in Chicago.
White Americans.
Assyrians.
According to the 2000 U.S. Census, Chicago has 15,683 Assyrians. Irving Cutler, author of "Chicago, Metropolis of the Mid-continent", stated that this is "believed to" be the largest Assyrian population in the United States. The Assyrians in Chicago settled in Albany Park, Edgewater, Rogers Park, and Uptown. In the suburbs, Assyrians have settled Morton Grove, Niles, and Skokie.
The first Assyrian church in Chicago opened in 1917 in the Near North Side.
The Assyrian American Association was established in 1917. It is located at 1618 West Devon Avenue, two blocks east of the Assyrian Pentecostal Church.
Other White ethnic groups.
As of 2006 there are about 8,500 Arabs in Chicagoland, with most of them being Palestinian. Chicago Lawn has one main area of Palestinian settlement, and Albany Park has the other. In the latter, many are Christian. Several southwestern suburbs including Bridgeview, Hickory Hills, and Oak Lawn have Arab populations. Many Arabs arrived to Chicago after Arab-Israeli wars.
As of 2006 the Armenian population is located in the far northwest of Chicago and in the Chicago suburbs. Waukegan, Illinois has a significant Armenian population. For a period its mayor was Armenian. The initial settlement of Armenians was in West Pullman in the Far South Side. In the early 1900s several Armenians fleeing persecution from Turks arrived in Chicago. In the middle of the twentieth century some Armenians in Chicago favored Armenian independence and some favored the Soviet Union. Additional Armenians arrived after Armenia's 1990 independence from Russia. Most Chicagoland Armenians are businesspeople. Irving wrote that "they dominate the imported rug market."
In 2006 Irving stated there were "perhaps as many as" 25,000 Chicagoland Iranians, including about 6,000 in the Chicago city limits. Iranian ethnic groups represented in Chicagoland include Persians, Kurds, Turks, Azeris, and Lurs. Many Iranians live in Uptown. Reza's, which Irving described as one of the most famous Iranian restaurants in Chicago, is in Uptown. Some Iranians operate restaurants and small retail stores, some work in professions, and some work as taxi drivers. Religious groups represented include Muslims and Bahá'í. The Bahá'í temple is in Wilmette, Illinois.
Many Syrians who moved to Chicago originally were street pedallers. As time passed, they opened linen, carpet, and other luxury good stores; wholesale stores; and dry goods retail stores. In 1893 Syrians who wished to sell products at the Columbian Exposition began arriving to Chicago. 30 Syrian families lived in Chicago at the time World War II started. After the Six Day War in 1967 additional Syrians moved to Chicago.
Asian Americans.
In 2011 Asians make up 12.7% of the population in the northwestern Chicago suburbs. As of the 2010 U.S. Census, the 10 suburbs with the highest percentages of Asians were South Barrington, Oak Brook, Hoffman Estates, Glendale Heights, Schaumburg, Vernon Hills, Buffalo Grove, Hanover Park, Streamwood, and Naperville. As of 2011, in DuPage County, 10.1% of the population was Asian, and in Lake County 6.3% of the population was Asian.
Japanese.
As of the 2000 U.S. Census, 5,500 people of Japanese descent live in the city of Chicago. As of that year 17,500 people of Japanese descent live in Chicagoland suburbs such as Arlington Heights, Evanston, Hoffman Estates, Lincolnwood, and Skokie. Most Japanese within the City of Chicago live in lakefront areas in the North Side, including Edgewater, Lake View, Near North Side, Uptown, and West Ridge.
Koreans.
As of the 2000 U.S. Census there were 45,000 South Korean-origin people in Chicagoland. As of 2006 the largest groups of Koreans are in Albany Park, North Park, West Ridge, and other communities near Albany Park. By that time many Koreans began moving to northern and northwestern Chicago suburbs, settling in Glenview, Morton Grove, Mount Prospect, Niles, Northbrook, Schaumburg, and Skokie. In 2011 Chunho Park, a resident quoted in the "Chicago Daily Herald" stated that, as paraphrased by journalist Ashok Selvam, "Many Koreans are drawn to the area around Golf Road and Milwaukee Avenue" in the Niles area, in proximity to the Super H Mart.
Filipinos.
As of 2000 the Filipinos are the fourth-largest group immigrating to the Chicago area. As of that year there were a total of 81,000 Filipinos in Chicagoland, including about 29,000 Filipinos in the City of Chicago. The majority of Filipinos in the City of Chicago live in the North Side and in the Northwest Side. The neighborhoods with especially significant amounts include Edgewater, Lakeview, and Uptown to the north and Albany Park, Irving Park, Lincoln Square, and West Ridge to the northwest. Suburban cities with Filipinos included Glendale Heights, Morton Grove, North Chicago, Skokie, and Waukegan.
As of 2000 most Filipinos work in the medical sector and are financially well off. Of the Asian groups, the Filipinos had the highest annual median household income, at $55,164, according to the 2000 U.S. Census. Filipinos are not as tightly clustered together as other Asian ethnic groups are. Many live in close proximity to hospitals or near Chicago Transit Authority (CTA) elevated lines.
In the 1920s the first group of Filipinos arrived in Chicago. The first group of Filipinos had to work as laborers in hotels and restaurants, for the post office, and for Pullman's menial jobs due to discrimination. There were about 2,000 Filipinos in Chicago by 1930. After the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965 passed, Filipino immigration increased.
The Filipino-American Council of Chicago, founded in 1948, serves the community.
Indians and Pakistanis.
As of 2006 there are about 114,000 Indian-origin people in Chicagoland and a population of Pakistan-origin people fewer than one-sixth of the Indian count; together they make up about 30% of the Asian Americans in Chicagoland, and it is the second largest combined population of Indians and Pakistanis in the U.S. after that of New York City. As of 2006 the Indians are the third largest immigrant group settling in Chicagoland.
The main Indopak business district is along Devon Avenue between Damen Avenue and California Avenue. There are also Indopak businesses in Chicago suburbs. In 2006 Cutler wrote that "Indians and Pakistanis are dispersed throughout the metropolitan area". Chicago suburbs with significant populations of Indopak people are Des Plaines, Downers Grove, Glendale Heights, Hanover Park, Hoffman Estates, Mount Prospect, Naperville, Oak Brook, Palatine, Schaumburg, Skokie.
The Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965 increased settlements of Indians and Pakistanis. Many initial settlers were professionals who arrived in Uptown and later relocated to wealthy suburbs. As of 2006 many more recent immigrants, after arriving, start work as office workers, janitors, and taxicab drivers; they are from lower income backgrounds.
Cutler wrote that the Indian and Pakistani groups "often live in close proximity and have had similar experiences, including some discrimination" but the two groups "generally keep separate". Cutler wrote that in regards to the Indian and Pakistani groups "in Chicago their relations are more peaceful than those on the Indian subcontinent." Chicagoland has 70 non-Muslim Indian social groups. Cutler wrote that older Indians participate in the regional linguistic-based groups, but younger people do not participate in them. Cutler stated that both groups keep track of developments in South Asia and have concerns about the development of the youth in the United States. 
In 2006 Cutler wrote that "The Indians are one of the most economically successful ethnic groups in the Chicago area". As of 2006 many Indians and Pakistanis operate Dunkin Donuts franchise locations.
The Indians and Pakistanis have distinct religious, educational, and social facilities. Most Pakistani religious facilities are Muslim. Of the Indians, about 80% are Hindu, about 7% are Muslim, and about 5% are Sikh. Cities with Hindu temples include Aurora, Bartlett, and Lemont. The Lemont temple was dedicated in 1986 and as of 2006 the Bartlett temple is new.
Thais.
As of 2006 there were about 10,000 people of Thai origins in the north and northwest sides of Chicago and the suburbs in that direction. The most prominent group is in Bridgeview. 
The first Thais arrived in the 1950s. Many of them were university students.
As of 2006 over half of the Thais in Chicagoland work in the medical sector. Thai doctors and nurses came because in the United States there was a lack of health professionals. There are around 12 Thai groceries in the Chicagoland area as of 2006. At first produce was transported by aircraft from Bangkok since some Thais had difficulty in eating American food. By 2006 many kinds of Thai produce were now produced in the United States.
There are five Thai Buddhist temples in Chicagoland. The largest is the Thai Buddhist Temple in Bridgeview. Three temples are in the southwest suburbs.
By 2006 many Thai restaurants were established in Chicago. The largest concentrations were in the Near North Side and the Lakeview/Uptown/Edgewater areas.
Other Asian groups.
Of the Southeast Asians in Chicago, most of them are Vietnamese. Some of them are Laotians.
As of 2006, several thousand Cambodians live in Chicago. Most of them are Buddhists and many had arrived in Chicago in 1979-1985 from rural areas after the Khmer Rouge killings. Many live in the same areas as Laotians and Vietnamese, while some who had gained economic status after arriving moved to the suburbs. The Cambodian Association is located in Uptown.
As of 2006 there were fewer than 1,000 Indonesians in Chicagoland. As of that year the number of Indonesian restaurants was increasing.
In December 1999, according to the Hmong National Development Inc., Chicago had about 500 Hmong people.

</doc>
<doc id="36695786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695786" title="Esteban Chaves">
Esteban Chaves

Johan Esteban Chaves Rubio (born 17 January 1990) is a Colombian professional road bicycle racer who rides for UCI ProTeam . Born in Bogotá, Chaves has competed as a professional since the start of the 2012 season, having signed for the team as a neo-pro, after three seasons as an amateur with the team.
Career.
As an amateur, Chaves was the winner of the French Tour de l'Avenir race in 2011, a race previously won by five future winners of the Tour de France. Chaves had been part of the breakaway on the first road stage of the race, taking the mountains jersey after the stage. He surrendered that lead to Garikoitz Bravo the next day, but reclaimed the lead on the third stage, having led the field over the Grand Ballon. Bravo took the lead again after the fourth stage until the end of the race, but Chaves moved into contention for the overall honours with several top-ten stage finishes, and trailed race leader David Boily by seven seconds before the final stage, in Alba, Italy. Chaves was part of a four-rider breakaway that moved clear of the field after the penultimate climb, and although he was beaten to the line by Warren Barguil and Mattia Cattaneo, Chaves' third place coupled with a 24-second time gap to the field, allowed him to win the race by 17 seconds.
Chaves turned professional with the newly formed team for the 2012 season, as his former team returned to the domestic ranks in Colombia. He competed in several of the early-season Italian races, including Tirreno–Adriatico, but withdrew from the race on the penultimate day. After finishing 18th in his home race, the Vuelta a Colombia, Chaves returned to Europe for the Prueba Villafranca de Ordizia single-day race in the Basque Country. Chaves made an attack with remaining but 's Gorka Izagirre shadowed his move, with Izagirre eventually beating Chaves in the sprint finish. Chaves continued his form into the Vuelta a Burgos, where he won the final stage of the race. team-mates Rigoberto Urán and Sergio Henao animated the field on the final climb to Lagunas de Neila, and only Chaves was able to follow the pair; Chaves ultimately beat his former team-mate to take his first professional victory on the line, and allowed him to finish the race in third place overall. The following weekend, Chaves took victory in the Gran Premio Città di Camaiore in Italy, from a five-rider group, after forming the group with Italian national champion Franco Pellizotti of the team, on the Monte Pitoro climb.
Chaves suffered severe injuries in a crash at the Trofeo Laigueglia in February 2013. The team doctor revealed that he had a compound fracture to his right collarbone, fractures in his left petrous bone, right cheekbone, maxillary sinuses and sphenoid bone, and also received pulmonary compressions, abrasions and suspected rib fractures.
Chaves moved to the team for the 2014 season, on a two-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="36695788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695788" title="John Sundberg">
John Sundberg

John Sundberg (20 December 1920 – 10 February 2004) was a Swedish sport shooter. He was born in Gävle. He won a bronze medal in 50 metre rifle three positions at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="36695791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695791" title="Stockholm Saxophone Quartet">
Stockholm Saxophone Quartet

The Stockholm Saxophone Quartet (sv: Stockholms Saxofonkvartett) is a Swedish saxophone quartet dedicated to contemporary music. They have commissioned and performed more than 400 pieces written by some of the most established composers in the world. The group also co-arrange Sound of Stockholm - the biggest festival in Sweden for contemporary music. They have released several CDs on the public label "Phono Suecia" and have toured in both in Europe, South America and Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="36695796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695796" title="Andaryan gold mine">
Andaryan gold mine

Andaryan gold mine is the largest gold mine in the East Azerbaijan Province of Iran. It is located in Varzaqan County adjacent to the Andaryan village. The open-pit mine began operations in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36695802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695802" title="Gaetano Giulio Zumbo">
Gaetano Giulio Zumbo

Gaetano Giulio Zumbo (1656-1701) was an Italian sculptor in wax or wax modeller of the Baroque era. His main talents are not those generally considered as an artistic, but would now be viewed as the creation of scientific models, but they were highly regarded as curiosity pieces in his time. He has also been called an anatomist.
He was born in Siracusa, Italy, and showed an entirely self-taught inclination to sculptural arts and anatomy. Not familiar with chiseling, he learned to model colored wax, this led to his patronage by the Grand Duke of Tuscany in Florence for whom he created a series of five morbid models, almost a memento mori, depicting the progressive "Corruption" after death, beginning with a dying man, followed by a corpse, a corpse just starting to decompose, half corrupt, another completely corrupt, and finally eaten by worms. Once displayed in the Medici gallery, it was later transferred to the cabinet of natural history and zoological specimens (now displayed in the Section of the Natural History Museum called La Specola). Zumbo left Florence for Genoa. There he completed wax sculptures: a Nativity and a Deposition. He made a partnership with a French Surgeon called Desnoues, and with him completed a number of anatomic studies including a woman who died while in childbirth. With Denoues, he travelled to Paris, and there presented to the Academy of Sciences, a wax sculpture of the head with naturalistic depiction of veins, arteries, nerves, glands, and muscles.
Similar work by Giuseppe Salerno is in the Sansevero Chapel in Naples, Italy.
The central character of the novel "Secrecy" (2013) by Rupert Thomson, is based on Zumbo.

</doc>
<doc id="36695806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695806" title="William Klinger">
William Klinger

William Klinger (born 1972) is a Croatian historian who specializes in the modern Croatian and Yugoslav history as well as history of communism and nationalism.
Biography.
Klinger was born in Rijeka, but the family originates from Pakrac. He graduated summa cum laude from the University of Trieste in 1997 with a BA in history, while attending also the University of Klagenfurt due to a stipend he received from the Austrian government. He gained masters degree at the Central European University in Budapest and doctoral degree at the European University Institute in Florence, where he wrote his doctoral dissertation titled "Negotiating the Nation: Fiume, from Autonomism to State making 1848-1924".
Klinger lives in Gorizia. An independent researcher, he is currently employed by the "Centro di Ricerche Storiche di Rovigno" (Center for Historical Research of Rovinj).
Beside his native Croatian and Italian, Klinger also speaks English, Furlan, Russian and Slovene.

</doc>
<doc id="36695814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695814" title="Davit Modzmanashvili">
Davit Modzmanashvili

Davit Modzmanashvili (born November 9, 1986, Tbilisi, Georgia) is a wrestler from Georgia. He won the Silver medal in the Men's freestyle 120 kg at 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36695846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695846" title="Panathur – Karike belt">
Panathur – Karike belt

Panathur – Karike belt is on the border of Kasargod district of Kerala & Coorg and Dakshina Kannada districts in the Indian state of Karnataka. It is 44 km east of Kanhangad, 30 km from Bhagamandala in Kodagu and 22 km from Sullia in Dakshina Kannada. Kerala and Karnataka are separated by the Manjanadukkam Puzha River. In Panathur, people speak Malayalam and in Karike Kannada (mainly Are Bhashe). Marathi, Tulu, Konkani and Harijan Bashe are also spoken here. The area produces rubber, areconut, coconut, pepper and other agricultural products. The land is surrounded by Coorg forests and Kerala Plantation Corporation which runs over .
The main roads are Kanhangad-Panathur, Karike to Bhagamandala (through the dense Coorg forest) and another connects Panathur & Karike to Sullia through KPC and Kallapally. The three districts join in Kammadi. A community called Kudiyanmaar also lives here, speaking a mix of Tulu, Kannada and ancient Malayalam.
Temples and festivals.
Thuloorvanath Bhagavathi Temple (Kizhakoolom) is the main visitor attraction. Thuloorvanath Bhagavathi and Munnayariswaran are the main deities. Kaliyattam starts on the day after Shivratri every year and continues for 8 days with 101 Theyyams. The temple stands for part ancient Thulunad, later called as Ombatham Naad which is from present Odayamchal to Chettimaani.
Other attractions are Madathumala (famous as Ranipuram - http://www.aboutkerala.co/2012/11/ranipuram-hills.html), Kallar, Peruthady etc.

</doc>
<doc id="36695852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695852" title="Sven Johansson (sport shooter)">
Sven Johansson (sport shooter)

Sven Johansson (born 1945) is a Swedish sport shooter. He was born in Värnamo. He won a bronze medal in 50 metre rifle three positions at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="36695863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695863" title="Monroe Henderson">
Monroe Henderson

Monroe Henderson (1818 in Watertown, Jefferson County, New York – December 5, 1899 in Jamaica, Queens, New York City) was an American merchant and politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of Thomas Monroe Henderson. In 1842, he removed to Long Island. There he first worked as a clerk, and later became a merchant. In 1856, he traveled for about a year to Kansas to improve his health.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (1st D.) in 1862 and 1863, but due to ill health he abandoned the 85th Session on January 31, and did not take his seat during the 86th Session.
He died at the home of his niece at 54 Union Ave., in Jamaica, Queens.

</doc>
<doc id="36695871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695871" title="Francesco Zugni">
Francesco Zugni

Francesco Zugni (1574–1621) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period. He was born and active in Brescia. He was a pupil of Palma Giovane. His relationship, if any with Francesco Zugno is unclear

</doc>
<doc id="36695918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695918" title="Ivan Kurtušić">
Ivan Kurtušić

Ivan Kurtušić (, born 28 April 1984) is a Serbian footballer playing for Sheikh Russel KC in the Bangladesh Premier League
Career.
Born in Belgrade, SR Serbia, he started to play football when he was 13 years old with the Red Star Belgrade and played there until 2001. Ivan plays the position of midfielder and has often been touted as a box-to-box midfielder for his ability to exert boundless energy in supporting offensive and defensive play.
Ivan was member of the national team for Yugoslavia's at the under 15 and under 17 level, where he play over 30 games. In 2001 Ivan moved to FK Vojvodina. In 2002 Ivan made his first professionally contract with FK Sartid when he was only 17 years old. In FK Sartid he took the title cup of Serbia in 2004. Then Ivan was in the top 5 young players in Serbia and he made a big step up with signing for French club SC Bastia for a transfer fee around 700.000 euro in 2004.Ivan's first game with SC Bastia was against PSG, playing the last 15 minutes of the game.
Next season, he played for FK Obilić in the Serbian First League and, in summer 2007, he moved to FK Pobeda which had just been the Macedonian First League champions that season . He received the official title of Best foreign player of that season.
After his spell in Macedonia, Kurtušić returned to Serbia and during the following seasons he represented a number of clubs, namelly FK Obilić, FK Sinđelić Niš, OFK Mladenovac. He was part of Sinđelić squad in what was their biggest success in their history; a fifth place in the Serbian First League and last 8 in the 2010–11 Serbian Cup.
During the winter break of the 2011–12 season, he moved abroad again, this time to Malta by signing with Maltese Premier League team Marsaxlokk FC. He is often referred to as the Bull for his tough tackling style, boundless energy and physical presence on the pitch.In the season 2012-13 he sign one year contract with Gudja United F.C. - Malta.He was first foreign captain in history of Gudja United F.C. after only two month in the club. He score 4 goals in 16 games for the team and that was perfect recommendations for famous Maltese club Zejtun Corinthians F.C. to take him and sign him to the end of season 2012-2013. He help the club to stay in league that season playing 10 games for them; and that was big success for the club in hard year for them.His next step in carrier was signing contract with famous club from Bahraini Premier League name Manama Club where he sign one year deal. In 2014 he get offer and sign contract until end season for Sheikh Russel KC in Bangladesh Premier League last year Champion team. With his new team he come in history of Football in Bangladesh as member of squad in AFC President's Cup where team reach biggest success first time ever for Bangladesh coming to the final round of this competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36695932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695932" title="Ellinah Wamukoya">
Ellinah Wamukoya

Ellinah Ntombi Wamukoya (born 1951) is a Swazi Anglican bishop. She is the first woman to be elected as a bishop of the Anglican Church of Southern Africa and of the whole African continent, as the diocesan bishop of the Anglican Diocese of Swaziland.
Wamukoya studied at the universities of Botswana, Lesotho and Swaziland. She was the chaplain of the University of Swaziland and of St. Michael's High School, in Manzini, as well as Town Clerk and CEO of the City Council of Manzini when she was elected.
Wamukoya was not initially a candidate to succeed Meshack Mabuza as Anglican Bishop of Swaziland, but after seven rounds of inconclusive elections she was elected by a 2/3 majority of the members of the Elective Assembly on 18 July 2012. She was consecrated on 17 November 2012 by Archbishop Thabo Makgoba. No official representative of Swazi king Mswati III attended the ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="36695934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695934" title="Ryohei Koba">
Ryohei Koba


</doc>
<doc id="36695936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695936" title="Associated Canadian Theological Schools">
Associated Canadian Theological Schools

The Associated Canadian Theological Schools (ACTS Seminaries) are a multi-denominational consortium of five Protestant Christian seminaries in Canada, which partner with Trinity Western University to jointly grant master's and Doctor of Ministry degrees to graduates. ACTS is an accredited member of the Association of Theological Schools.
Member institutions.
The five member seminaries of ACTS are Canadian Baptist Seminary, Canadian Pentecostal Seminary, Mennonite Brethren Biblical Seminary, Northwest Baptist Seminary, and Trinity Western Seminary.

</doc>
<doc id="36695940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695940" title="Star Trek (IDW Publishing)">
Star Trek (IDW Publishing)

Star Trek is a comic book series by IDW Publishing, based on the Star Trek science fiction entertainment franchise created by Gene Roddenberry. It consists of multiple mini-series. However, starting in September 2011, an ongoing series based on the 2009 Star Trek film began publishing as a continuation of the movie.
Publication history.
On November 9, 2006, IDW Publishing announced that they had secured the publishing rights to "Star Trek" from CBS Consumer Products.
IDW's first title, "Star Trek: The Next Generation: The Space Between", is a six-issue limited series launched January 2007. "The Space Between" is written by David Tischman and drawn by Casey Maloney. This storyline was collected in trade paperback form in September 2007.
The second series "Star Trek: Klingons: Blood Will Tell", launched in April, focusing on the Klingons' point of view on various episodes from the original series - the first four issues based around "Errand of Mercy", "The Trouble With Tribbles", "A Private Little War" and "Day of the Dove", respectively, and features a framing story based around the events of "".
A third series started in July 2007, called ', continuing the five-year mission of Kirk's "Enterprise" after the end of '. A fourth series, "Alien Spotlight" launched in September 2007, focusing on various alien races.
2008 saw the publication of the "Mirror Images" series, which tell the stories of Mirror Universe Kirk's overthrow of Captain Christopher Pike, and of the alternates of the Enterprise-D crew. In the same year they published "", a mini-series that features the adventures of Gary Seven from the Star Trek TOS episode .
In 2009, IDW began to publish their first "Star Trek: Deep Space Nine" comic, the four-part "Fool's Gold".
Also, in 2009, IDW published a prequel to the 2009 reboot/prequel film "Star Trek", entitled "".
In 2009, IDW published "Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan", written by Andy Schmidt and based on the , and the only movie that has never been in comic form from the Original Crew.
Other recent series include "Star Trek: Crew", "Star Trek: Romulans, Pawns of War" and "Star Trek: Doctor McCoy, Frontier Doctor".
In September 2011, IDW began publishing a new ongoing Star Trek series, set in the continuity of the 2009 film.
In October 2011, IDW began publishing "Star Trek/Legion of Super-Heroes", a six-issue crossover series between the two properties.
In May 2012, IDW began publishing "", an eight-issue crossover series between the two properties.
In September 2012, IDW began a four-issue miniseries "Star Trek: The Next Generation - HIVE" about the return of Locutus of Borg.
In January 2013, IDW began publishing "Star Trek: Countdown to Darkness", a prequel to the film "". Later that year, in October, they began publishing "Star Trek: Kahn", another tie-in, focusing on the film's antagonist Khan Noonien Singh.
Collected editions.
The various series have been collected in the following trade paperbacks:

</doc>
<doc id="36695941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695941" title="Anastasis (album)">
Anastasis (album)

Anastasis is a 2012 studio album by the British-Australian band Dead Can Dance. It is the eighth studio album by the band and the first after Brendan Perry and Lisa Gerrard disbanded in 1998. It was officially released on 13 August 2012 by PIAS Recordings, 16 years after the group's last album, "Spiritchaser". It is also the band's first album since it left 4AD Records. "Anastasis" is the Greek word for "resurrection".
To date, "Anastasis" sold over 150,000 copies worldwide.
Reception.
"Anastasis" received generally favorable reviews based on 16 critics at Metacritic.

</doc>
<doc id="36695948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695948" title="Kiefer Ravena">
Kiefer Ravena

Kiefer Isaac Crisologo Ravena (born October 27, 1993), more popularly known as Kiefer Ravena or simply Kief by his colleagues and teammates, is an amateur basketball player from the Philippines. He is currently playing college basketball for the Ateneo Blue Eagles team in the UAAP where he is playing both Guard positions.
Biography and family.
Kiefer Ravena was born on October 27, 1993 in Iloilo. Ravena's father, Bong Ravena played for the University of the East varsity basketball team, the UE Red Warriors and was the 1992 PBA Rookie of the year, and his mother, Mozzy Pascual Crisologo-Ravena, was a volleyball player for the UST Golden Tigresses. He is the eldest of three siblings. His younger brother Thirdy is also a basketball player currently playing for the Ateneo Blue Eaglets and his younger sister Danni is currently a volleyball player playing for the Miriam College Knollers. He is currently taking up a Bachelor of Science in Communications Technology Management course at the Ateneo de Manila University.
Career.
Ateneo Blue Eaglets.
Ravena attended the Ateneo de Manila High School and was included on the Ateneo Blue Eaglets team in the UAAP juniors division. He was the first person to play on Team A of the Ateneo Blue Eaglets during his freshman year. He led the Blue Eaglets to 3 consecutive championships during his last 3 years with the team, against the FEU Tamaraws during season 71, the DLSZ Junior Archers in season 72, and the UST Growling Tigers during season 73. While he was still eligible for the juniors level he won 2 consecutive Finals MVP awards and was part of the Juniors Mythical Team for 2 consecutive years.
Ateneo Blue Eagles.
Soon after the 73rd season of the UAAP ended, many schools wanted Ravena to play for their Seniors basketball team but he decided to stay with Ateneo and play on their seniors men's basketball team, the Ateneo Blue Eagles.
Rookie year.
During his rookie year with the Blue Eagles, Ravena won the UAAP Rookie of the Year Award. In addition, the team won their fourth consecutive UAAP basketball title at the expense of the FEU Tamaraws. He finished his UAAP rookie season averaging 13.00 PPG, 4.06 RPG, 3.19 APG, 1.38 SPG and 0.06 BPG.
On the 2011 PCCL they failed to defend their title and managed to end up as the runners-up to the San Sebastian Stags.
Sophomore Year.
In the 75th season of the UAAP, Ravena averaged 16.00 PPG, 5.41 RPG, 3.41 APG, 1.00 SPG, 2.06 TPG and 0.18 BPG in 30.41 minutes of action; this resulted in an 8th place standing in the MVP statistical race. In a match against the DLSU Green Archers during the Final Four, Ravena had his UAAP seniors career best with 28 points (16 in the payoff period) to go along with 12 rebounds and 7 assists. The team won their 5th straight title in the UAAP Men's Basketball Tournament. During the tournament, Ravena was awarded the season's Todo Bigay Player of the Year.
Junior year.
Just prior to the start of UAAP Season 76, Ravena suffered a grade 3 right ankle sprain injury, which he got during his team's practice. Even though having the injury he still managed to play for at least eight minutes in their opening game against the NU Bulldogs in which he scored 2 points. He then missed their next 2 games before making his comeback game in a win against the Adamson Soaring Falcons despite only scoring 4 points in 11 minutes that he played. He scored his season high of 18 points on their win against the FEU Tamaraws and Adamson Soaring Falcons. He finished the season averaging 12.67 PPG, 4.67 RPG, 2.50 APG and 1.00 SPG.
National team.
Ravena has also played for the Philippine national basketball team. Ravena was part of the 2009 FIBA Asia U-16 Philippine squad wherein they finished 4th place and FIBA Asia U-18 Philippine squad where they managed to finish 5th place. Ravena earned national team caps having played in the 2010 SEABA U-18 championship team.
Ravena has also played for the Sinag Pilipinas team that was sent to the 2011 SEA Games. wherein they managed to win the gold medal against Thailand.
He once again played for the Sinag Pilipinas team that was sent to the 2013 SEA Games that was held in Myanmar from December 11-22 but the basketball event started earlier from December 8-16, the team managed to swept the competition and was automatically declared champions of the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36695952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695952" title="Anne Manning">
Anne Manning

Anne Manning may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36695960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695960" title="Darian MacKinnon">
Darian MacKinnon

Darian MacKinnon (born 9 October 1985) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Hamilton Academical, as a midfielder and striker.
Career.
MacKinnon began his career with Dumbarton United, Dumbarton Harp, St. Thomas' and St. Patrick's Athletic, before joining Clydebank in May 2010. At Clydebank he scored 31 goals in 69 appearances in all competitions. He signed for Hamilton Academical in July 2012, and after two appearances in cup competitions, he made his debut in the Scottish Football League on 11 August 2012, appearing as an 80th minute substitute. He joined Ayr United on an emergency loan deal in September 2012. Following his return to Hamilton, MacKinnon scored Hamilton's equalising goal in a 1–1 draw with Falkirk after appearing as a substitute, after which he stated that he wanted to start the next game. MacKinnon later spoke about his hopes for a good run in the Scottish Cup, and stated that the quarter-final against Falkirk on 2 March 2013 was the "biggest game" of his career. A few days later, on 8 March 2013, MacKinnon signed a two-year extension to his contract. In April 2013, MacKinnon publicly stated his support for new caretaker manager Alex Neil. MacKinnon came fourth in the Hamilton Player of the Year Awards for the 2012–13 season, his first season in professional football. Following his first season in professional football, MacKinnon stated he would continue to fight for a place in the team; once his second season had begun, MacKinnon spoke about how please he was with how the team were doing.

</doc>
<doc id="36695963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36695963" title="Matt Parrott">
Matt Parrott

Mathies (Matt) Parrott (May 11, 1837-April 21, 1900) was an American politician and businessman.
Born in Schoharie County, New York, Parrott moved to Iowa and was in the newspaper and printing business. He served in the Iowa State Senate and was Lieutenant Governor of Iowa. He died in Battle Creek, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="36696005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36696005" title="Noel Morgan">
Noel Morgan

Noel Morgan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36696012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36696012" title="David Svoboda">
David Svoboda

David Svoboda (; born 19 March 1985) is a Czech athlete who competes in the modern pentathlon. At the 2012 London Olympics Svoboda won the gold medal in the olympic pentathlon. At the 2008 Olympics Svoboda was 28th in the pentathlon.

</doc>
<doc id="36696017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36696017" title="Medicine Creek Dam">
Medicine Creek Dam

Medicine Creek Dam (National ID # NE01073) is a dam in Frontier County, Nebraska.
The earthen and rockfill dam was constructed in 1948 and 1949 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation. It is high, and long at its crest. It impounds Medicine Creek for flood control, part of the Frenchman-Cambridge Division of the Bureau's extensive Pick–Sloan Missouri Basin Program. The dam is owned and operated by the Bureau. 
The reservoir it creates, Harry Strunk Lake, has a water surface of , a land area of , approximately of shoreline, and a capacity of . It was named for the founding editor of the local McCook Daily Gazette. 
Recreation includes fishing (for walleye, crappie, white bass, channel catfish, etc.), hunting, boating, camping and hiking. The state of Nebraska maintains the surrounding Medicine Creek State Wildlife Recreation Area, Medicine Creek Reservoir State Recreation Area, and Medicine Creek State Recreation Area.

</doc>
<doc id="36696031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36696031" title="Darat Izza">
Darat Izza

Darat Izza (, also spelled Darat Aza or Darit Izza) is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate, located northwest of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Deir Samaan to the north, Anadan to the east and Turmanin to the southwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Darat Izza had a population of 13,525 in the 2004 census.
Leading to Darat Izza is a well-preserved stretch of an ancient Roman road dating to the 2nd century CE. During the Ottoman Empire era, Darat Izza was well known for the cotton fabrics it produced.
During the ongoing Syrian uprising against the government of Bashar al-Assad, 25 government supporters were killed in the town by members of the Free Syrian Army (FSA). The government claimed they were ordinary citizens while the FSA and the pro-opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claimed they were pro-government "militiamen."

</doc>
<doc id="36696037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36696037" title="Attila Záhonyi">
Attila Záhonyi

Attila Záhonyi (born 1959) is a Hungarian sport shooter. He was born in Budapest. He won a bronze medal in 50 metre rifle prone at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="36696055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36696055" title="Will Harris">
Will Harris

William T. "Will" Harris (born August 28, 1984) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Arizona Diamondbacks of Major League Baseball.
Professional career.
Harris was drafted by the Colorado Rockies in the ninth round of the 2006 Major League Baseball Draft out of Louisiana State University.
Harris was called up to the majors for the first time on August 11, 2012. His debut was made on August 13.
On April 3, 2013, the Oakland Athletics claimed Harris off waivers from the Colorado Rockies
On April 6, 2013, the Arizona Diamondbacks claimed Harris off waivers from the Oakland Athletics
Harris throws two pitches — a four-seam fastball in the low 90s and a curveball in the upper 70s.

</doc>
<doc id="36696075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36696075" title="Bengt Nilsson">
Bengt Nilsson

Bengt Nilsson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36696078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36696078" title="Thomas Joseph Walker">
Thomas Joseph Walker

Thomas Joseph Walker (March 25, 1877 - January 18, 1945) was a Judge for the United States Customs Court.
Biography.
Walker was born on March 25, 1877, in Plymouth, Pennsylvania. He attended Georgetown University and the University of Virginia but received no degrees. He served in the United States Armed Forces in 1898. He was a member of the Montana State Legislature in 1905. He was a county attorney in Silver Bow County, Montana, from 1906 to 1910. He worked in private practice in Butte, Montana, from 1909 to 1922 and again from 1934 to 1940. He was a member of the Montana State Senate from 1922 to 1934.
Federal Judicial Service.
On June 11, 1940, President Roosevelt nominated Walker to serve as a Judge for the United States Customs Court, to the seat vacated by Judge Jerry Bartholomew Sullivan. He was confirmed by the Senate on June 15, 1940, and received his commission on June 20, 1940, serving on the court until his death. He was succeeded on the court by Judge Irvin Charles Mollison.
Death.
Walker died on January 18, 1945 in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="36696099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36696099" title="List of South African universities by endowment">
List of South African universities by endowment

The following table is a list of South African universities by endowment. 
Public universities.
The following are the South African universities with the largest financial endowments, expressed in South African Rands at fair value. A financial endowment is a transfer of money and/or property donated to an institution and the total value of an institution's investments is often referred to as the institution's endowment. All sources are official audited financial statements published in the respective fiscal years. For this list, short scale billions (thousand of millions) are used.

</doc>
<doc id="36696109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36696109" title="Gone, But Not Forgotten (TV series)">
Gone, But Not Forgotten (TV series)

Gone, But Not Forgotten is a 2004 US television mini-series based on the same-titled novel written by Phillip Margolin. The television adaptation starred Brooke Shields as Betsy Tannenbaum and Lou Diamond Phillips as Alan Page. 
Although the novel was set in Portland, Oregon, the miniseries . Rather than being set in Portland the miniseries was set in Sacramento, California.

</doc>
<doc id="36696110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36696110" title="Shen Chong case">
Shen Chong case

The Shen Chong case, also referred to as the Peiping rape case, was a rape case in 1946 that triggered a nation-wide anti-American movement in the Republic of China.
The case.
On Christmas Eve, 1946, US Marine Corporal William Gaither Pierson and Private Warren T Pritchard stopped Shen Chong, a Peking University student, on her way home and forced her into the Peiping Polo Field. A mechanic from a nearby repair shop reported the crying girl being dragged into the field, first to his peers, then to the police. The mechanics were driven away by the soldiers when they tried to intervene, even with a policeman accompanying in the second attempt. By the time a high officer arrive the scene, Pritchard had already left. Later Pierson was convicted by US Marine Court lead by Lieutenant Colonel Paul Fitzgerald for raping, but the verdict was overturned by the US Department of Navy for insufficient evidence.
Public Anger.
Pierson and US consular official Myrl Myres's prostitute claim contributed to the public anger. Shen Chong was reportedly from an elite family of Shen Baozhen and Lin Zexu, and studying in the most prestigious university of China, thus the prostitute claim was viewed as adding insult to injury. Selective reporting of US media and later acquittal of soldiers added more fuel to the public rage against American military presence in China .
In February 1946 alone, police arrested thousands of rape case protesters. The government of the Republic of China's action alienated students and intellectuals and pushed them closer to the communists, who played a leading role in the protests.
Aftermath.
William Gaither Pierson died in 2001 and is buried at Temple Sinai Cemetery in Sumter, South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="36696126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36696126" title="Sport Performance Aviation Panther">
Sport Performance Aviation Panther

The Sport Performance Aviation Panther is a single seat all-metal homebuilt aircraft under development by Sport Performance Aviation.
Design.
The Panther is a single seat, low wing aircraft, built of aluminum with a bubble canopy. The landing gear can be assembled in either tricycle or conventional gear arrangements. The wings are foldable.
Variants.
Three variants are planned.

</doc>
<doc id="36696127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36696127" title="William Mineard Bennett">
William Mineard Bennett

William Mineard Bennet (1778–1858), was an English miniature-painter, singer and composer.
Life.
Bennett was born at Exeter in 1778. While apprenticed to the engraver Abraham Ezekiel in the city, he learned Hebrew and became enthusiastic about music.
Following the expiration of his apprenticeship he moved to London and set himself up as miniature painter.
He studied under Sir Thomas Lawrence, and gained a considerable reputation as a painter of portraits and miniatures.
He mixed with many of the most distinguished literary men of that day, among whom his wit and talents made him a great favourite.
In 1806, however, he moved to Bath, to study with the singing teacher Rauzzini.
In December of that year he made his first public appearance as a singer at a concert in Bath, at which he performed an air composed by Rauzzini. According to an article in the "Monthly Review", "his reception was most flattering; the song was loudly encored, and, in one of Handel's songs, he was equally successful. After this, he continued to sing at the concerts, during the season, and also at the catch club, held at York-house".
The "Monthly Review" continued:
Mr. Bennett had long determined to make trial of the stage ; and, towards the end of the season, made his debut in the character of Prince Orlando, in the comic opera of The Cabinet. His reception here was more flattering than at the concerts, and he made an engagement with the managers to play a few nights ; which he did, in the following characters: Don Carlos, in the Duenna; Young Meadows, in Love in a Village; Don Alphonso, in The Castle of Andalusia; Lord William, in the Haunted Tower; Paul, in Paul and Virginia; and Patrick, in The Poor Soldier—in all of which he gave much satisfaction.
Just before the opening of the Hay-market theatre, in the same season, he received an offer to play six nights there, which he accepted; but to get up an opera was deemed impracticable, and he played the six nights in musical after-pieces. His first appearance before a London audience was in the character of Paul, in Paul and Virginia, it being only his seventh appearance on any stage, and his reception was extremely favourable to so young a performer."
He remained in Bath for some time, continuing to work as a miniature painter while studying music, and published a few compositions including a glee called "The Stars of the night arise", a duet for two voices, entitled, "Sweet warbling bird with dulcet note", and a song called "The Victory off Trafalgar".
Several of his works were exhibited at the Royal Academy between 1812 and 1816, and again in 1834 and 1835. He spent some years in Paris, where his talents won him the patronage and friendship of the Duc de Berri; but in 1844 he returned to Exeter, where, painting only as an amusement, he lived until his death, on 17 October 1858.

</doc>
