<doc id="36703602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703602" title="Muharem Serbezovski">
Muharem Serbezovski

Muharem Serbezovski (May 2, 1950 in Skopje Yugoslavia) is the lead singer folk music and writer of Roma origin. He was born in Skopje municipality Šuto Orizari. In Sarajevo finished the Faculty of Philosophy. He has written more than three hundred songs, several most notably:
Collections of poetry:
Serbezovski has plans to translate the Old and New Testament, Hadith and some well-known literary works (War and Peace, Crime and Punishment and One Hundred Years of Solitude) into Romani.
Discography.
Dzemila * (EP PGP RTB, 1968)

</doc>
<doc id="36703606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703606" title="Bart van Brakel">
Bart van Brakel

Bart van Brakel (born 5 April 1987 in Wageningen) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for SC Cambuur in the Dutch Eredivisie. He formerly played for NEC, FC Eindhoven and FC Den Bosch.

</doc>
<doc id="36703614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703614" title="List of art galleries in Colombia">
List of art galleries in Colombia

This is a list of Colombian art galleries.
Art galleries in Bogotá, Colombia.
In alphabetical order 

</doc>
<doc id="36703615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703615" title="Written Songs">
Written Songs

"Written Songs" is the third single from Irish trio The Original Rudeboys. It was produced by Jake Gosling and reworked from the album, "This Life", by Ash Howes (The Saturdays, Marina & The Diamonds, Ellie Goulding). The song was released as a single on 20 July 2012 on an EP, entitled "Written Songs (Feeling Good)", through Gotta Run Records.
Critical reception.
The song was generally well-received. Hot Press called it "a feel-good, catchy summer tune". While Vicky Gottschalk of popular Irish music website, iammusic, stated "The Original Rudeboys are onto a winner with their fresh sound and unique take on the music industry."

</doc>
<doc id="36703619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703619" title="List of The Main Chance episodes">
List of The Main Chance episodes

This is a list of episodes for the ITV television series "The Main Chance".
Episodes.
First Season
Second Season
Third Season
Fourth Season

</doc>
<doc id="36703624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703624" title="Abdel Fattah el-Sisi">
Abdel Fattah el-Sisi

Abdel Fattah Saeed Hussein Khalil el-Sisi ( , ; born 19 November 1954) is the sixth President of Egypt, in office since 8 June 2014. Previously he was Commander-in-Chief of the Egyptian Armed Forces, as well as Minister of Defence, from 12 August 2012 until 26 March 2014. As head of the armed forces, he played the leading role in ousting Islamist President Mohamed Morsi following mass protests against Morsi and his government. El-Sisi was subsequently appointed as First Deputy Prime Minister, while remaining Minister of Defense.
El-Sisi resigned from the military on 26 March 2014, announcing he would stand as a candidate in the 2014 presidential election. The poll, held between 26 and 28 May 2014, resulted in a resounding victory for el-Sisi.
Early life and military education.
El-Sisi was born on 19 November 1954 in Cairo. He grew up in Gamaleya, near the al-Azhar Mosque, and in a quarter where Muslims, Jews and Christians resided, and in which he has recalled hearing church bells and watching Jews flock to the synagogue unhindered. His family originated from Monufia Governorate, and was known for its discipline, zeal and resulting wealth. He is the second of eight siblings (his father later had six additional children with a second wife). His father, a conservative but not radical Muslim, had a wooden antiques shop for tourists in the historic bazaar of Khan el-Khalili.
Often described as disciplined, quiet and devout, el-Sisi preferred to concentrate on his studies or helping his father rather than participate in soccer with neighborhood children. He and his siblings would study at the nearby library at al-Azhar University. Unlike his brothers – one of whom is a senior judge, another a civil servant – el-Sisi went to a local army-run secondary school, where concurrently his relationship with his maternal cousin Entissar Amer started to develop. They were married upon el-Sisi's graduation from the Egyptian Military Academy in 1977. He attended the following courses:
Career.
El-Sisi received his commission as a military officer in 1977 serving in the mechanized infantry, specializing in anti-tank warfare and mortar warfare. He became Commander of the Northern Military Region-Alexandria in 2008 and then Director of Military Intelligence and Reconnaissance. El-Sisi was the youngest member of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces of Egypt. While a member of the Supreme Council, he made controversial statements regarding allegations that Egyptian soldiers had subjected detained female demonstrators to forced virginity tests. He is reported to have told Egypt's state-owned newspaper that "the virginity-test procedure was done to protect the girls from rape as well as to protect the soldiers and officers from rape accusations." He was the first member of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces to admit that the invasive tests had been carried out.
Minister of defense.
On 12 August 2012, Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi made a decision to replace Mohamed Hussein Tantawi, the head of the Egyptian Armed Forces, with, then-little known, el-Sisi. he also promoted him to the rank of colonel general. Sisi was then described by the official website of FJP as a "Defense minister with revolutionary taste". El-Sisi also took the post of Minister of Defense and Military Production in the Qandil Cabinet.
After el-Sisi was appointed as minister of defense on 12 August 2012, there were concerns in Egypt regarding rumors that General el-Sisi was the hand of the Muslim Brotherhood in the army, though el-Sisi has always declared that the Egyptian army stands on the side of the Egyptian people. On 28 April 2013, during celebrations for Sinai Liberation Day, el-Sisi said that, "the hand that harms any Egyptian must be cut". This statement was taken by Morsi opponents as a clarification that the Army is in support of the people. However, the statement was interpreted by Morsi supporters as a warning to Morsi opponents that el-Sisi would not allow an overthrow of the government. He remained in office under the new government formed after the deposition of Morsi, and led by Hazem al-Beblawi. He was also appointed Deputy Prime Minister of Egypt. On 27 January 2014, he was promoted to the rank of field marshal.
2013 protests and Morsi overthrow.
On 30 June 2013, in response to the Tamarod movement, mass demonstrations took place in Tahrir Square and Heliopolis Palace in Cairo as well as in other Egyptian cities including Alexandria, Port Said and Suez.
Clashes took place around Egypt. Soon afterwards, the Egyptian Army issued a 48-hour ultimatum which aired on television that gave the country's political parties until 3 July to meet the demands of the anti-Morsi demonstrators. The Egyptian military also threatened to intervene if the dispute was not resolved by then.
On 2 July 2013, the presidency rejected the Egyptian Army's 48-hour ultimatum and Morsi made a late speech declaring that he would "defend the legitimacy of his elected office with his life and he won't step down".
On 3 July 2013, the Egyptian Army declared that as the political parties had failed to meet the deadline and Morsi had failed to build a national consensus for his leadership, they had to overthrow Morsi. The Egyptian Army then installed Adly Mansour as the interim head of state in his place, and ordered the arrest of many members of the Muslim Brotherhood on charges of "inciting violence and disturbing general security and peace." El-Sisi announced on television that the president had "failed to meet the demands of the Egyptian people" and declared that the constitution would be suspended, which was met by acceptance from anti-Morsi demonstrations and condemnation from pro-Morsi supporters in Rabaa al-Adawiya. Many Islamist movements, such as the Muslim Brotherhood, al-Wasat Party and al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya, rejected the change of regime as a military coup, which they described as "illegitimate" and "anti-democratic".
On 24 July 2013, during a speech at a military parade, General el-Sisi called for mass demonstrations to grant the Egyptian military and police a "mandate" to crack down on terrorism. Some interpreted this to mean that el-Sisi felt the need of the people to prove to the world that it wasn't a coup but the popular will, while the statement was seen by others as contradicting the military's pledges to hand over power to civilians after removing Morsi and as indicating an imminent crackdown against Islamists.
The reactions to el-Sisi's announcement ranged from open support from the Egyptian presidency and the Tamarod movement to rejection, not only by the Muslim Brotherhood, but also by the Salafi Nour Party, the moderate Strong Egypt Party, the revolutionary April 6 Youth Movement and Egyptian human rights groups.
However, on 26 July 2013, millions rallied across Egypt, responding to el-Sisi's call, a gathering which was described as "the largest crowds in 2½ years of upheaval" and even bigger numbers than 30 June's numbers.
During the August 2013 Egyptian raids, the Egyptian military under el-Sisi's command joined with the national police in removing camps of Muslim Brotherhood supporters from sit-ins being held throughout the country. This action resulted in rapidly escalating violence that eventually led to the deaths of 638 people, of whom 595 were civilians and 43 police officers, with at least 3,994 injured. Some liberal activists who had supported the ousting of Morsi publicly voiced their concerns: "I'm not happy when they use violence. And I'm worried about them using it again," said Gamal Eid, a well-known human rights activist. Robert Fisk described General el-Sisi as at a loss, but that a massacre would go down in history as an infamy. Lee Smith concluded that "Egypt’s New Leader Is Unfit to Rule". In a file published by the State Information Services, the government explained the raids by claiming that police went on to use force dispersing the sit-in on 14 August 2013, with the least possible damage, causing hundreds of civilians and police to fall as victims, while Muslim Brotherhood supporters imposed a blockade for 46 days against the people in an-Nahda and Rabaa al-Adawiya squares under the name of sit-in where tens of protesters took to the street daily hindered the lives of the Egyptians, causing unrest and the death or injury of many victims as well as damage to public and private properties. A poll by the Egyptian Centre for Public Opinion Research later showed that 67 percent of Egyptians were satisfied concerning the methods by which the Rabaa al-Adawiya and an-Nahda sit-ins had been dispersed.
On 3 August 2013, el-Sisi gave his first interview since the overthrow of President Mohamed Morsi. Speaking to "The Washington Post", he criticized the U.S. response and accused the Obama administration of disregarding the Egyptian popular will and of providing insufficient support amid threats of a civil war, saying, "You left the Egyptians. You turned your back on the Egyptians, and they won't forget that."
On the 6 October war anniversary, el-Sisi announced that the army was committed to the popular mandate of 26 July 2013: "We are committed, in front of God, to the Egyptian and Arab people that we will protect Egypt, the Egyptians and their free will."
During the anniversary celebration, General el-Sisi invited the Emirati, Iraqi, Bahraini, Moroccan and Jordanian defense ministers to celebrate with Egypt. During his speech he said in a warning way that the Egyptian people "will never forget who stood with them or against them". El-Sisi described 6 October as "a day to celebrate for all Arabs", hoping for the "unification of Arabs". He also thanked "Egypt's Arab brothers, who stood by its side." El-Sisi commented on the relationship between the Egyptian army and Egyptian people, saying that it is hard to break. El-Sisi said: “We would die before you Egyptian people would feel pain". He also compared the Egyptian army to the Pyramid, saying that "it cannot be broken".
Sisi-Mania.
The anti-Morsi demonstrators on the streets welcomed el-Sisi's overthrow of Morsi with celebrations and carried posters of el-Sisi, chanting "The Army and the People are one hand" and supporting General el-Sisi. On social networks, thousands of Egyptians changed their profile pictures to pictures of el-Sisi, while others started campaigns requesting that El-Sisi be promoted to the rank of field marshal, while others hoped he would be nominated in the next presidential elections.
Cupcakes, chocolate and necklaces bearing the "CC" initials were created, restaurants in Egypt named sandwiches after him, blogs shared his pictures, and columns, op-eds, TV shows and interviews discussed the "new idol of the Nile valley" in the Egyptian mainstream media.
On 6 December 2013, el-Sisi was named ""Time" Person of the Year" in "Time" magazine's annual reader poll. The accompanying article noted "Sisi's success reflected the genuine popularity of a man who led what was essentially a military coup in July against the democratically elected government of then President Mohammed Morsi."
"Kamel Gemilak" (Finish your Favor) and "El-Sisi for president" are campaigns that were started aiming to gather signatures in order to press el-Sisi, who has said he has no desire to govern, to run. Many politicians and parties including Egyptians and non-Egyptians had announced their support for el-Sisi in the event of his running for president, including the National Salvation Front, Tamarod, Amr Moussa, a previous candidate for the presidency, Abdel-Hakim Abdel-Nasser (son of President Gamal Abdel Nasser), unsuccessful presidential candidate Ahmed Shafik, Prime Minister Hazem Al Beblawi, Naguib Sawiris, the Free Egyptians Party, the Revolutionary Forces Bloc, and the Russian president Vladimir Putin. However, Hamdeen Sabahi may run against him in a future presidential race. Subsequently, Sabahi issued criticisms of Sisi and his potential candidacy by expressing doubt about Sisi's commitment to democracy, arguing that the general bears a measure of direct and indirect responsibility for the human rights violations carried out during the period of the interim government. He also denounced what he deemed to be the transitional government's hostility toward the goals of the revolution.
Kamel Gemilak claimed to have collected 26 million signatures asking Sisi to run for president.
On 21 January 2014, Kamel Gemilak organized a mass conference call in Cairo International Stadium to call on el-Sisi to run for president.
In 6 February 2014, the Kuwaiti newspaper al-Seyassah announced that el-Sisi would run for president, saying that he had to meet the wishes of the Egyptian people for him to run. Colonel Ahmed Ali, the Egyptian army's spokesperson, later denied the news, saying that it's not accurate through his official Facebook page.
El-Sisi confirmed on 26 March 2014 that he would run for president in the presidential election. Shortly after his announcement, popular hashtags started for and against el-Sisi presidential bid.
The presidential election, conducted over 26, 27 and 28 May 2014, saw el-Sisi win in a landslide, capturing 22 million of the nearly 23 million votes counted.
President of Egypt.
President Sisi has sworn in office on 8 June 2014. The Day was marked by an impromptu public holiday in Egypt in conjunction with festivals held nationwide. Tahrir Square was prepared for receiving millions of Egyptians to celebrate Sisi's winning while police and army troops have shut down the square outlets by barbed wires and barricades, as well as electronic gates for detecting any explosives that could spoil the festivals. Sisi's oath was held in the morning in the Egypt's Supreme constitutional court in front of deputy head of the constitutional court, Maher Sami, who described el-Sisi as a "rebel soldier" and a "revolutionary hero", ex-president Adly Mansour, other constitutional court members and a group of Egypt's top politicians. Sisi later moved to Heliopolis Palace where peace artillery shot 21 bullet in the air to welcome the new president before the ex-president received el-Sisi near the palace's ladder. then Sisi received presidents, Emirs, Kings, and official delegations who were invited. Turkey, Tunisia and Qatar weren't invited because of their critical stances regarding then-recent events in Egypt. Israel also wasn't invited. Sisi later gave a speech in front of the attendees and signed with the ex-president Adly Mansour, for the first time in the Egyptian history, the handover of power document. after Heliopolis Palace's ceremony el-Sisi moved to Koubbeh Palace where the final ceremony was held and el Sisi gave the final speech of the day, in front of 1200 attendees Representing different spectrums of the Egyptian people and the provinces of Egypt, presenting the problems facing Egypt and his plan saying "In its next phase, Egypt will witness a total rise on both internal and external fronts, to compensate what we have missed and correct the mistakes of the past,". Sisi also issued the first Presidential decree giving ex-president the Order of the Nile.
el-Sisi made an African tour marking Algeria his first abroad destination after taking office seeking Algeria's support to counter Islamist militancy in north Africa in a short visit, shortly before Sisi arrives in Malabo, Guinea to participate in the 23rd ordinary session of the African Union summit where he gave his speech blaming the AU for freezing Egypt's membership a year before. el-Sisi also announced the establishment of an Egyptian partnership agency for Africa's development. he also concluded the tour with a few hours' visit to Sudan.
President Sisi, who repeatedly during his presidential campaign encouraged Egyptians to work harder and to wake up on 5pm, urged Egyptians to be ready for what he have called "The hard work phase". In his first meeting with his cabinet, Sisi told his ministers they must set an example by being in the office by 07:00. Sisi in first street appearance after the cabinet sworn in, participated in a surprising 20-kilometer bike marathon wearing sporting gear and followed by his cabinet ministers, many actors, singers, military and police students to encourage low consumption of fuel which is costing the government billions of dollars every year. Sisi encouraged Egyptians to help rebuilding the Egyptian economy saying that he will give the example announcing that he is donating half his salary and half his personal assets including his inheritance to support the Egyptian economy. a move that will force senior officials and prominent businessmen to do the same. after his call, Colonel General Sedki Sobhi announced that the Egyptian Armed Forces would help supporting the economy by donating $140m (£82m). Sisi has also ordered the ministry of finance to enforce rules on maximum wages estimated at 42,000 EGP ($5,873) per month.
Sisi has expressed his personal concerns about the sexual assaults issue in the country, Sisi was photographed on a hospital visit to a woman receiving treatment after an assault during celebrations in Cairo's Tahrir Square ordering the army, the police, and the media to counter the issue.
Economic reforms.
Sisi, who is reportedly facing a severe economic ordeal in Egypt, has decided to raise fuel prices by 78 percent as an introduction to cut the subsides on basic food stuffs and energy which eat up nearly a quarter of the state budget which the Egyptian government has always provided as a crucial aid to millions of people who live in poverty fearing people's anger, in 5 years time. Egypt has spent $96 billion on energy subsidies in a decade which made petrol in Egypt among the world's cheapest. cutting the energy subsidies will save 51 billion pounds from the new measures. the government hopes decision will benefit services such as health and education. Sisi also raised taxes on alcohol and cigarettes applying a flat tax on local and imported cigarettes to between 25 and 40 cents per pack, new property taxes, and plans to introduce a new scheme for value-added taxes. chicken prices reportedly would rise by 25 percent after days of the decision because of added transportation costs, Mini-bus and taxi fares were raised by about 13 percent. the decision was welcomed by anger from some. a smattering of protests broke out after the announcement. Dozens of drivers and passengers blocked the road in the middle-income Cairo neighborhood of Shoubra el-Kheima. Slashing subsidies was recommended by international financial institutions, although no Egyptian leader has managed to broach the issue, fearing unrest in a country where nearly 50 percent of the population live in poverty and rely on government aid. President Sisi defended the decision to raise fuel prices saying it was "bitter medicine" that should have been taken before and was "50 years late" but was not as governments feared the possible backlash like what have happened in 1977. Sisi who previously accepted only the half of his own pay, called on Egyptians to make sacrifices vowing to repair an economy growing at the slowest pace in two decades describing raising energy prices as the only way to save the nation from “drowning in debt,”. Sisi warned Egyptians of more pain over the next two years from economic problems that he said had accumulated over the last four decades and need to be fixed. 
Personal life.
Unlike previous leaders, el-Sisi has been protective of the privacy of his family. He is married and the father of three sons and one daughter. He comes from a religious family and frequently inserts Quranic verses into informal conversations; El-Sisi's wife wears the traditional Islamic Hijab. He is known to be quiet and is often called "the Quiet General". His interests include reading about history and law. El-Sisi was often called "General Sisi" when he was young due to his perceived orderly demeanor.
According to Sherifa Zuhur, a professor at the War College, when el-Sisi attended, many American officers expressed doubts that Muslims could be democratic. El-Sisi disputed this opinion; he and others were critical of decisions made in Iraq. Zuhur also had the impression that el-Sisi supported a gradual move towards pluralism.

</doc>
<doc id="36703626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703626" title="Austrian post in Montenegro">
Austrian post in Montenegro

This article deals with the Military Post in Montenegro issued by Austria-hungary during World War I.
March 1917 overprint.
Only 2 stamps were officially issued on 1 March 1917: 10 heller and 15 heller of Military post "Feldpostmarken" with a double vertical overprint K.u.K. Milit.-Verwaltung Montenegro.
Non-official overprint.
Stamps with an horizontal Montenegro overprint are not official "nicht verausgabte", and were printed for the first anniversary of Austrian troops occupation

</doc>
<doc id="36703629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703629" title="Vladimir Alekno">
Vladimir Alekno

Vladimir Romanovich Alekno (; born in Polotsk on 4 December 1966) is a former Russian volleyball player and current volleyball coach. He is the current headcoach of VC Zenit-Kazan and Russia men's national volleyball team.
Alekno was born on 4 December 1966, in Polotsk, Vitebsk Voblast, BSSR to a Belarusian mother and a Lithuanian father. He started playing volleyball at the age of ten. In 1980, he went to a sports college in Minsk.
In 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics, he coached Russia to win the bronze and the gold medal respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="36703638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703638" title="Iravadia">
Iravadia

Iravadia is a genus of very small, somewhat amphibious land snails that have a gill and an operculum, semi-terrestrial gastropod mollusks or micromollusk in the family Iravadiidae.
These tiny snails live in damp habitat (under rotting vegetation) that is very close to the edge of the sea; they can tolerate being washed with saltwater during especially high tides. These snails are listed as freshwater snails by Vaught (1989).
Species.
Species within the genus "Iravadia" include:

</doc>
<doc id="36703642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703642" title="Gunadal">
Gunadal

Gunadal is a panchayat village in the state of Karnataka, India. Administratively it is under Bijapur Taluka of Bijapur district, Karnataka. Located in the far southwestern corner of the district, Gunadal is nearly 45 km by road from the district headquarters, the city of Bijapur. In Gunadal there is a Government Ayurvedic Hospital, Government Veterinary Hospital, Post Office, Police Station and gram panchayat headquarters.
There are four villages in the Gunadal gram panchayat: Gunadal, Babalad, Kengalagutti and Shirabur.
Demographics.
In the 2001 Indian census, the village of Gunadal had a population of 2,136, with 1,131 males and 1,005 females.
In the 2011 census, the village of Gunadal had a population of 2,711.
Agriculture.
The village land is quite fertile, with over 90% of it being well-suited to cultivation and crop production. Farmers there grow mainly sugar cane, grapes, maize, and sorgham. Small areas are planted in citrus orchards, and crops such as onions and turmeric. Irrigation is mainly based upon distribution canals from the river, borewells and open wells.
Transportation.
Gunadal is connected to the city of Bijapur, via Galagali and Babaleshwar, by about 45 km of road. There are many buses daily from Gunadal to Galagali and Bijapur, and return. Gunadal is also connected by bus to nearby villages such as: Bidari, Hanamasagar, Rahimatapur (Halli), Devar-Gennur and Bolachikkalaki.
Education.
In village a "Govt Higher Primary School (HPS,Gunadal)" has currently working with 1st to 7th standard having more than 250 students and "Indira Gandi Memorial New High School (NHS,Gunadal)" is also working with 8th to 10th Standards having more than 200 students.The whole village having more than 75% of literacy rate.
Poets and Authors.
K.N. Salunke, a novelist and poet who writes in Kannada, is from Gunadal. His works have been made into films such as "Devata Manushya" (1988) starring Dr. Rajkumar.
Charitable organizations.
In Gunadal village there are various associations doing cultural, sports programmes and other activities.
Festivals.
The main celebrations of the year are "Shri Hari Pandurang Vittal Saptaha(Dindhi)" and "Khaza Yamanur Uras". Also celebrated each year are "Kara Hunnume", "Nagara Panchami", "Deepavli", "Ugadi", and "Dassara".

</doc>
<doc id="36703644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703644" title="On Yam (constituency)">
On Yam (constituency)

On Yam is one of the 29 constituencies of the Kwai Tsing District Council. The seat elects one member of the council every four years. It was first created in 1994. Its boundary is loosely based on the On Yam Estate.

</doc>
<doc id="36703655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703655" title="Ralf Seuntjens">
Ralf Seuntjens

Ralf Seuntjens (born 17 April 1989 in Breda) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for FC Den Bosch in the Dutch Eerste Divisie. He formerly played for RBC Roosendaal.

</doc>
<doc id="36703657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703657" title="Miao Yihua">
Miao Yihua

Miao Yihua (born 1988) is a Chinese pentathlete. She was born in Shanghai. She competed in modern pentathlon at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36703663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703663" title="Herb Mitchell">
Herb Mitchell

Herb(ert) Mitchell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36703665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703665" title="Friedrich Albin Hoffmann">
Friedrich Albin Hoffmann

Friedrich Albin Hoffmann (13 November 1843, Ruhrort – 13 November 1924, Leipzig) was a German internist.
He studied medicine in Würzburg, Tübingen and Berlin, and after graduation (1868), he became an assistant to Friedrich Theodor von Frerichs (1819-1885) in the First Medical Clinic at the University of Berlin. In 1872 he became habilitated for special pathology and therapy (internal medicine), and from 1874 was a professor of internal medicine at the University of Dorpat. From 1886 to 1920 he served as a professor of internal medicine and director of the university polyclinic in Leipzig.
He was considered an excellent diagnostician, dedicated to histological research in the field of internal medicine. His primary focus dealt with diseases of the bronchi and mediastinum as well as blood and metabolic disorders.
With Paul Langerhans (1847-1888), he investigated the "intravital storage" of cinnabar injected intravenously into laboratory animals. The two scientists demonstrated that cinnabar was taken up by white blood corpuscles but not by red blood corpuscles. They also noted the accumulation of cinnabar in fixed cells of the bone marrow, in the connective tissue of the liver and in the capillary system. These findings were part of the research that later brought about Ludwig Aschoff’s idea of the reticuloendothelial system. 

</doc>
<doc id="36703685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703685" title="Tom van Weert">
Tom van Weert

Tom van Weert (born 7 June 1990 in Sint-Michielsgestel) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Excelsior in the Dutch Eredivisie. He formerly played for FC Den Bosch

</doc>
<doc id="36703713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703713" title="Fiona Paterson">
Fiona Paterson

Fiona Paterson (born 1983) is a New Zealand rower. She was born in Dunedin. She competed in double sculls together with Anna Reymer at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where they placed fifth.

</doc>
<doc id="36703720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703720" title="Continental Medical College">
Continental Medical College

Continental Medical College (abbreviated as CMC), established in October 2006, is a private college of medicine located on Township, Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. It is registered with PMDC, affiliated with UHS and approved by Ministry of Health. CH Rehmat Ali Memorial Trust Hospital, Saira Memorial Hospital, & Medicare Hospital are attached to the college as training and teaching hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="36703728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703728" title="Hasan Kılıç">
Hasan Kılıç

Hasan Kılıç (born 27 July 1992 in Utrecht) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for FC Den Bosch in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.

</doc>
<doc id="36703731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703731" title="Anna Reymer">
Anna Reymer

Anna Reymer (born 1985) is a New Zealand rower. She was born in Tokoroa. She competed in double sculls together with Fiona Paterson at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where they placed fifth.

</doc>
<doc id="36703734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703734" title="Shadayid">
Shadayid

Shadayid (10 April 1988 – April 2002) was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. In a racing career which lasted from June 1990 to November 1991 she ran eleven times times winning five races and being placed five times. Shadayid was one of the leading two-year-old fillies in Europe in 1990, winning all three of her races including the Group One Prix Marcel Boussac at the Longchamp. After winning the Fred Darling Stakes on her three-year-old debut, Shadayid took her unbeaten run to five by winning the Classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket. Although she never won again, she finished second in the Coronation Stakes and the Sussex Stakes and third in the Haydock Sprint Cup and the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes. Shadayid was retired from racing to become a broodmare at the end of her three-year-old season after finishing seventh in the Breeders' Cup Mile.
Background.
Shadayid was a grey filly bred in Kentucky by her owner Hamdan Al Maktoum's Shadwell Stud. Shadayid was one of the best horses sired by Shadeed who won the 2000 Guineas and the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes in 1985. Shadayid inherited her grey coat from her dam, the Cheveley Park Stakes winner Desirable and was a half sister of Dumaani, the double winner of the Keeneland Breeders Cup Stakes. As a grand-daughter of the broodmare Balidaress, Shadayid was closely related to many successful Thoroughbreds including the 1000 Guineas winner Russian Rhythm and Cape Cross, the sire of Sea the Stars.
The filly was trained throughout her career by John Dunlop at Arundel, West Sussex. She was ridden in all but one of her races by Willie Carson.
Racing career.
1992: two-year-old season.
Shadayid began her racing career in a six furlong maiden race at Ascot Racecourse in June. She started 13/8 favourite and won by six lengths. After a break of three months, Shadayid returned to Ascot for the Kensington Palace Stakes over seven furlongs. She started odds-on favourite and recorded a three and a half length win without being asked for a serious effort ("hard held"). Nine days after her second Ascot win, Shadayid was stepped up in class for the Group One Prix Marcel Boussac at Longchamp. Carson sent the grey filly into the lead in the straight and she quickly went clear of her opponents to win by two lengths from the future Prix de Diane winner Caerlina. The unplaced horses included Magic Night and Jet Ski Lady who went on to win the Prix Vermeille and the Epsom Oaks respectively.
1993: three-year-old season.
On her first appearance as a three-year-old, Shadayid was sent to Newbury for the Fred Darling Stakes, a trial race for the 1000 Guineas. Her opponents included the Lowther Stakes winner Only Yours and the Cherry Hinton Stakes winner Chicarica. Shadayid started 8/11 favourite and won comfortably by three lengths. Two weeks later, Shadayid started 4/6 favourite for the 1000 Guineas over Newmarket's Rowley Mile course. Her closest rival in the betting was the Luca Cumani-trained Crystal Gazing, a filly who had won the Rockfel Stakes and the Nell Gwyn Stakes.
Carson restrained the filly in the early stages before moving forward in the second half of the race. Shadayid took the lead inside the final furlong and went clear to win by two lengths from the Irish-trained Kooyonga, with Crystal Gazing third.
A month after her Newmarket victory, Shadayid was moved up in distance to contest her second Classic, the Oaks, over one and a half miles at Epsom Downs Racecourse. The race produced an upset result, with Jet Ski Lady, a 50/1 outsider, leading for most of the race and winning by ten lengths, with Shadayid tiring in the closing stages to lose her unbeaten record as she finished third. Eleven days after the Oaks, Shadayid returned to a mile for the Coronation Stakes] at Royal Ascot where she was matched against Kooyonga, who had won the Irish 1,000 Guineas since her defeat at Newmarket, and the Poule d'Essai des Pouliches winner Danseuse du Soir. Shadayid was in third place entering the straight and appeared to have every chance but was beaten three quarters of a length into second by Kooyonga. In July, Shadayid ran against colts and older horses in the Sussex Stakes at Goodwood Racecourse. She started 9/4 favourite and finished second of the eight runners behind Second Set.
In September, the filly was brought back in distance for the Sprint Cup over six furlongs at Haydock Park. Racing against specialist sprinters she finished third behind Polar Falcon and Sheikh Albadou. On her final European start, Shadayid led until the final furlong before finishing third to Selkirk and Kooyonga in the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes at Ascot, with Second Set fourth and Hector Protector in sixth. Shadayid's final appearance came in November when she was sent to the United States to contest the Breeders' Cup Mile at Churchill Downs. She started a 22/1 outsider and finished seventh of the fourteen runners behind Opening Verse.
Assessment and honours.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Shadayid a "average" winner of the 1000 Guineas.
The main yearling farm at Shadwell Stud's Lexington headquarters is named in honour of Shadayid.
John Dunlop said of Shadayid: "She was a remarkably versatile filly. She won the 1,000 Guineas, was placed in the Oaks and was then placed in the Haydock Sprint, which was quite extraordinary. She was top-class", while Willie Carson called her "a very, very good filly".
Stud record.
Shadayid retired from racing to become a broodmare for Shadwell Stud. She produced several winners including Bint Shadayid (sired by Nashwan) who won the Prestige Stakes and finished third in the 1995 1000 Guineas and Imtiyaz (by Woodman), a colt who won at Listed level and finished second in the Group One Prix Jean Prat, before retiring to stud in India. Shadayid died after rupturing a uterine artery giving birth to a healthy foal in April 2002.
1993 Bint Shadayid (USA) : Grey filly, foaled 5 April, by Nashwan (USA) - won 2 races including G3 Prestige Stakes, Goodwood; 2nd G1 Fillies' Mile, Ascot; 3rd G1 1000 Guineas Stakes, Newmarket from 7 starts in England, Ireland and France 1995-96
1994 Shawaf (USA) : Bay colt, foaled 28 May, by Mr Prospector (USA) - won 1 race and placed third twice from 4 starts in England 1996-97
1998 Alshadiyah (USA) : Grey filly, foaled 26 February, by Danzig (USA) - won 2 races including LR Firth of Clyde Stakes, Ayr; 2nd LR Sceptre Stakes, Doncaster; 3rd G3 Fred Darling Stakes, Newbury from 9 starts in England and Scotland 2000-1
1999 Imtiyaz (USA) : Grey colt, foaled 14 March, by Woodman (USA) - won 4 races including LR Glasgow Stakes, York; LR Foundation Stakes, Goodwood; 2nd G1 Prix Jean Prat, Chantilly; 2nd LR Foundation Stakes, Goodwood; 2nd LR On The House Stakes, Goodwood; 3rd LR Superlative Stakes, Newmarket; 3rd LR Steventon Stakes, Newbury from 15 starts in England, France and Dubai 2001-04
2001 Muhaymin (USA) : Chesnut colt, foaled 17 April, by A.P. Indy (USA) - won once from 7 starts in England 2003-4
2002 Teeba (USA) : Chesnut filly, foaled 27 April, by Seeking The Gold (USA) - won 1 race and 2nd LR Valiant Stakes, Newbury; 3rd LR Atalanta Stakes, Sandown from 4 starts in England 2004-5

</doc>
<doc id="36703741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703741" title="Carlo Zoccoli">
Carlo Zoccoli

Carlo Zoccoli (1718–1771) was an Italian architect, engineer, and scientific writer, active mainly in Southern Italy.
He was born in Naples. At the age of seventeen, he entered the corps of engineers of the Kingdom of Naples, and very soon became master of fortifications. Due to a delicate constitution, he quit the military, and devoted himself to the civil architecture, and published a treatise entitled "Della Servitu". He published a work titled "Della gravitazione dei corpi e della forza dei fluidi" (On the Gravitation of Bodies, and the Power of Fluids). He was chosen by the deputies of the city Examinatore de' Tavolari of the S. R. Council.
His architectural works include: the cathedral, seminary, and episcopal palace of Calvi; the convent of the Alcanterini, on the mountain of Pignatoro; the church and convent of the Capuchins in Arienzo; the church and baronial palace in Cutignano, near Nola; the monastery and church of the Religiosi in San Giorgio, in the territory of Benevento; the villas of the prince of Supino at Portici, and of the Marquis of Palomba at Cesa, near to Aversa.
He constructed two windmills at Capua, on the Volturno, where he adopted the mechanics of Dutch mills on canals were adopted; he also erected nine other mills at Scilla in Calabria, where he also designed a spacious church, and restored the castle, which was completed by his son, Don Raffaello Zoccoli.

</doc>
<doc id="36703749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703749" title="Sentischhorn">
Sentischhorn

The Sentischhorn (also spelled "Sentisch Horn") (2,827 m) is a mountain of the Albula Alps, located east of Davos in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range west of the Flüela Pass, that culminates at the Flüela Schwarzhorn.

</doc>
<doc id="36703759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703759" title="Mitchells &amp; Butlers (brewery)">
Mitchells &amp; Butlers (brewery)

Mitchells & Butlers Brewery was formed when Henry Mitchell's old Crown Brewery (founded in Smethwick in 1866) merged with William Butler's Brewery (also founded in Smethwick in 1866) in 1898. Henry Mitchell had moved to the Cape Hill site in 1879 and this became the company's main brewing site. It had its own railway network, connected to the national railway system from 1907–1962, via the Harborne line.
The company merged with Bass in 1961. With the brand under ownership of Coors Brewers, the brewery closed in 2002 with production switched to Burton upon Trent. The brewery was undergoing demolition in 2005. The site is now a housing estate, although the Mitchell & Butler war memorial, built in 1920, has been retained and restored.
Their most famous beer was "Brew XI" (using Roman numerals, and so pronounced "Brew Eleven"), advertised with the slogan ""for the men of the Midlands"". It is now brewed under licence for Coors by Brains of Cardiff.
A descendent company, which manages pubs, bars and restaurants throughout the United Kingdom, is still known as Mitchells & Butlers plc, and is based in Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="36703765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703765" title="Billy Arnold">
Billy Arnold

Billy Arnold may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36703767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703767" title="St Agnes Mining District">
St Agnes Mining District

The St Agnes Mining District is a UNESCO World Heritage Site surrounding the town of St Agnes, Cornwall, England. It contains Wheal Coates tin mine, and Blue Hills, which is the only surviving tin production centre in the United Kingdom 

</doc>
<doc id="36703778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703778" title="Leonard Summers">
Leonard Summers

Leonard Shelton Heath Summers (25 June 1904 – 26 February 1977) was an English cricketer. Summers' batting style is unknown, though it is known he bowled leg break. He was born at Fulham, London, and was educated at Emanuel School.
Summers made his debut for the Surrey Second XI against Wiltshire in the 1925 Minor Counties Championship. He played for the Surrey Second XI until 1933, making 32 appearances. In addition to playing for the Surrey Second XI, Summers made his deubt in first-class cricket for HDG Leveson-Gower's XI against Cambridge University at The Saffrons, Eastbourne. HDG Leveson-Gower's XI won the toss and elected to bat first, making 215 all out, during which Summers opened the batting and scored 26 runs before he was dismissed by Arthur Hazlerigg. Cambridge University then responded in their first-innings by making 411/7 declared, an innings in which Summers took figures of 3/99 from 41 overs. Responding in their second-innings, HDG Leveson-Gower's XI made 282 all out, with Summers batting at number four on this occasion, scoring 57 runs before he was dismissed by John Human. Cambridge University won the match by 6 wickets. Playing minor counties cricket for the Surrey Second XI allowed him to be selected to play for a combined Minor Counties cricket team, making a single first-class appearance for the team against Oxford University at the University Parks in 1933. The Minor Counties won the toss and elected to bat first, making 379/9 declared, with Summers being dismissed for 20 runs by Edwin Barlow. Oxford University then made 248 all out in their first-innings, with Summers taking the wicket of John Darwall-Smith to finish with figures of 1/40 from 26 overs. The Minor Counties then made 212/4 declared in their second-innings, with Summers being dismissed for a duck by Antony Legard. Set a target of 344 for victory, Oxford University could only manage to make 185 all out, handing victory by 158 runs to the Minor Counties.
He died at Barnes, Surrey, on 26 February 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="36703788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703788" title="Timeline of Munich">
Timeline of Munich

The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Munich, Germany. 

</doc>
<doc id="36703789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703789" title="Order of the Secret Monitor">
Order of the Secret Monitor

The Order of the Secret Monitor (OSM) is an appendant order of Freemasonry.
History.
The first known references to the Order of the Secret Monitor are known to be Dutch in origin, however, the degree as we know it today, arose in America as a side degree conferred by any Freemason who had received it himself.
It was brought to the UK by Dr I Zacharie, when he returned from America following the American Civil War in 1875. Under Dr Zacharie's leadership a Grand Council was formed in 1887, and the ritual was expanded to include two extra degrees, one of which pertained to the chair of Supreme Ruler. The degree gained in popularity, however, unfortunately for Dr Zacharie, the Grand Council for the Allied Masonic Degrees had empowered their American body (or a similar name) to confer their version of the degree. This resulted in the Allied Grand Council denouncing the Grand Council of the Order of the Secret Monitor, and attempting to assume sole jurisdiction over the degree. However, in 1931 an arrangement was reached between the two orders, which saw the degree of the Order of the Secret Monitor being transferred from the Allied group of degrees. The Order is sometimes known as the Brotherhood of David and Jonathan. A Benevolent Fund was formed in 1901.
Qualification for membership.
All Master Masons are eligible for membership of this Order
Knights of the Scarlet Cord.
The Royal Order of the Masonic Knights of the Scarlet Cord is an inner appendent order, of which all those who had taken their second degree were eligible for membership. The order was developed in the UK in 1889, and there are six classes or grades of membership. The first three grades meet in a consistory.
Structure and organisation.
The Order meets in Conclaves, each with a Supreme Ruler at its head. There are three degrees in the order, as practised in the UK. The first degree, the Secret Monitor in which the legend of David and Jonathan is acted out in the ceremony of induction. The second degree, Prince, the admission ceremony is derived from the Book of Samuel in the Old Testament. The third degree, is the ceremony of installation of Supreme Ruler, and is normally carried out once a year at the installation meeting. 
The Order is administrated from Mark Masons Hall in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36703796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703796" title="Henry R. Low">
Henry R. Low

Henry R. Low (September 23, 1826 Fallsburg, Sullivan County, New York – December 1, 1888 New York City) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of John A. Low and Charlotte (Drake) Low (d. 1848). He studied law with Archibald C. Niven in Monticello, was admitted to the bar, and practiced law in partnership with Niven. In 1854, he married Mary C. Watkins (d. 1881), daughter of State Senator John D. Watkins, and they had five children. Low was Judge and Surrogate of the Sullivan County Court from 1857 to 1861.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (9th D.) in 1862 and 1863. In November 1863, Low ran for re-election, but his former law partner Niven was declared elected. Low contested Niven's election, and was seated in the State Senate for the 88th Session on January 17, 1865. He was re-elected in 1865, and continued in the Senate in 1866 and 1867. Afterwards he resumed his law practice in Middletown, Orange County, New York.
In 1882, he ran for Congress in the 15th District, but was defeated by Democrat John H. Bagley, Jr. Low was again a member of the State Senate (13th D.) from 1884 until his death, sitting in the 107th, 108th, 109th, 110th and 111th New York State Legislatures. He was President pro tempore during his last session.
He died of kidney disease, and was buried at the Hillside Cemetery in Middletown.

</doc>
<doc id="36703802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703802" title="Masakatsu G. Fujie">
Masakatsu G. Fujie

A longtime professor at Waseda University, he has led teams that have developed an intelligent mobile robot and a remote control manipulator, among many other devices. He has also made a significant contribution to the development of a medical treatment support system that helps in the recovery of human functions. 
In addition, Fujie has held leadership positions in a number of professional organizations and has helped establish UNESCO's World Academy of Biomedical Technology (WABT). He is currently doing “research that fuses cutting-edge science and engineering and sports sciences and is focused on the impending arrival of the super-aged society.”
Education.
Fujie majored in mechanical engineering at the Graduate School of Science and Engineering at Waseda University in Tokyo, Japan, and received a Master’s Degree in Engineering in 1971. He received a Ph.D. in Engineering from the same institution in 1999.
Career.
From 1971 to 1984, Fujie worked as a Researcher at the Mechanical Engineering Research Laboratory at Hitachi Ltd. He was Senior Researcher in the same laboratory from 1984 to 1995,
and from 1995 to 1999 was Principal Researcher and project leader of the Medical and Welfare Apparatus Development Project in that laboratory. From 1999 to 2001, he was Head Researcher in the same lab and Director of the Medical and Welfare Apparatus Development Research Laboratory.
Since 2001, he has been Professor at School of Science and Engineering at Waseda University.
A 2008 Washington Post article reported that Japan, with a shortage of young workers, and a disinclination to take in immigrants, was “marching into the depopulated future with the help of robots ,” many of which were “on display...at the Great Robot Exhibition in Tokyo's National Museum of Nature and Science.” The Post paraphrased Fujie as telling foreign journalists that “service robots could help reduce government spending on health care, take over many dreary service jobs and prop up Japan's 'societal vitality.'”
Other professional activities.
Lectures and speeches.
Fujie has been an invited speaker at the 2003, 2005, 2006, and 2009 IEEE International Conferences on Robotics and Automation. He has also been an invited speaker at the 2009 International IEEE EMBS Conference on Neural Engineering, the 2008 Asian Conference on Computer Aided Surgery, the 2008 Korea University Symposium, the 2007 General Assembly of the Japan Medical Congress, the 2006 International Symposium on the Development of Surgical Support Systems, the 2004 IEEE Industrial Activity Board, and the 2003 General Assembly of the Japan Medical Congress.
Membership.
Fujie is a member of the following professional organizations: 
Honors and Awards.
Fujie has earned the following honors.

</doc>
<doc id="36703805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703805" title="Sedki Sobhi">
Sedki Sobhi

Sedki Sobhi () (born 12 December 1955) is an Egyptian General. On 12 August 2012, President Mohamed Morsi dismissed the former Chief of Staff Lieutenant-General Sami Hafez Anan and promoted Sobhi from Major-General to Lieutenant-General, making him the new Chief of Staff. He was the commander of the Third Field Army and he is currently serving as Deputy Chairman of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces of Egypt. On 28 March 2014 Sobhi was sworn in as Egypt's new defence minister after Abdul Fattah al-Sisi resigned so he could stand for the presidency. Sobhi is also the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces.
Connections with the United States.
In 2004-5 Sedki Sobhi studied for a Master's Degree in Strategic Studies at the US Army War College in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. While there he wrote a paper recommending that the United States withdraw its military from the Middle East and concentrate instead on socio-economic aid for the region. The paper was posted on a US Department of Defense website, where it was noticed by analyst Issandr El Amrani.
After the 2013 Egyptian coup, Sedki Sobhi spoke by telephone on 4 July 2013 with Martin Dempsey, US Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and had spoken twice with him by 8 July.

</doc>
<doc id="36703807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703807" title="German submarine U-297">
German submarine U-297

German submarine "U-297" was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She was laid down on 27 January 1943 by the Bremer Vulkan "Werft" (yard) at Bremen-Vegesack as 'werk' 62, launched on 9 October 1943 and commissioned on 17 November with "Oberleutnant zur See" Wolfgang Aldermann in command.
In one patrol, she did not sink or damage any ships.
She was sunk by a British aircraft in December 1944.
Fifty men died; there were no survivors.
Service history.
The boat's service life began with training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla in November 1943. She was then transferred to the 11th flotilla for operations on 1 November 1944.
She made the short journey from Kiel in Germany to Horten in Norway, arriving on 18 November 1944.
Patrol and loss.
"U-297"s only patrol began from Horten; it took her through the 'gap' between the Faroe and the Shetland Islands.
She was sunk by a Sunderland flying boat of No. 201 Squadron RAF on 6 December 1944, west of Yesnaby in the Orkney Islands.
Previously recorded fate and wreck discovery.
"U-297" was originally thought to have been sunk on 6 December 1944 by depth charges dropped by the British frigates and . She had also been listed as missing since 3 January 1945 probably in the Pentland Firth.
The wreck of "U-297" was found and identified in May 2000. It lies at a depth of .

</doc>
<doc id="36703812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703812" title="Margot Shumway">
Margot Shumway

Margot Shumway (born 1979) is an American rower. She was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she place fifth in quadruple sculls. She competed in double sculls together with Sarah Trowbridge at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where they placed sixth.

</doc>
<doc id="36703819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703819" title="List of bridge federations">
List of bridge federations


</doc>
<doc id="36703822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703822" title="George Winkler">
George Winkler

George Winkler (1869-1962) was an American architect who practiced in Pennsylvania, Florida and Oklahoma from 1903 to 1953. he was born in Donegal, Pennsylvania in 1869 and was educated at Curry College in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Cornell University and Columbia University. He was a member of the following partnerships: Robinson & Winkler, Pittsburgh and Altoona, Pennsylvania (1903-1907); Winkler & McDonald, Tulsa, Oklahoma (1910-1916); Schumacher & Winkler, Tampa, Florida (1926-1930); and Winkler & Reid, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma (1930-1950). A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Winkler's works include (with attribution):

</doc>
<doc id="36703829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703829" title="Dustin Bomheuer">
Dustin Bomheuer

Dustin Bomheuer (born 17 April 1991 in Recklinghausen) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for Fortuna Düsseldorf.
Career.
Bomheuer played his first Bundesliga match for MSV Duisburg on 12 August 2012 in a 0–2 away loss against SSV Jahn Regensburg.
Fortuna Düsseldorf.
He signed a contract with Fortuna Düsseldorf in June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36703843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703843" title="Far Hill Quarry">
Far Hill Quarry

Far Hill Quarry is a disused quarry on Harpur Hill, Derbyshire. It has flooded and became known locally as "The Blue Lagoon".
The quarry lake is a popular swimming spot, despite pollution and its pH level being 11.3, which is highly alkaline (ammonia is 11.5).
The attractive blue colour is from caustic chemicals in the stone. In 2013 the water was dyed black to deter swimmers. 
A proposal in August 2012 to fill in the quarry was rejected.

</doc>
<doc id="36703855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703855" title="Jennifer Kaido">
Jennifer Kaido

Jennifer Kaido (born 1981) is an American rower. She was born in Glendale, Arizona. She attended High School in Boonville, NY graduating in 1999. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she place fifth in quadruple sculls. 

</doc>
<doc id="36703856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703856" title="Tsepo Ramonene">
Tsepo Ramonene

Tsepo Ramonene (born 30 June 1991) is a long-distance runner from Lesotho.
He represented his country in the 2012 Summer Olympics where he ran the men's marathon in 2:55:54, finishing 85th and last among the classified athletes. It was the second time he had run a marathon.
After walking the majority of the last 3 km, Ramonene summoned the strength to jog over the finish line nearly 48 minutes behind the race winner. Shortly after the crowd cheered him to the finish line, he collapsed with exhaustion.

</doc>
<doc id="36703868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703868" title="Kambagi">
Kambagi

Kambagi is a panchayat village in the southern state of Karnataka, India. Administratively it is under Bijapur Taluka of Bijapur district, Karnataka. It is nearly from district headquarters, the city of Bijapur. In Kambagi there is a Government Primary Health Care Hospital, a Post Office and the gram panchayat offices.
There are two villages in the Kambagi gram panchayat: Kambagi and Madagunaki.
Demographics.
In the 2001 India census, the village of Kambagi had a population of 3,663, with 1,850 males and 1,813 females.
In the 2011 census, the village of Kambagi had a population of 3,095.
Agriculture.
The village land is quite fertile, with over 70% of it being well-suited to cultivation and crop production. Farmers there grow mainly sugar cane, grapes, maize, and sorgham. Small areas are planted in citrus orchards, and crops such as onions and turmeric. Irrigation is mainly based upon distribution canals from the river, borewells and open wells.
Industry.
Near by Kambagi there is one Sugar Industry is opening recently.viz,"Someshwar Sugar Mills Pvt,Ltd Kambagi"
Transportation.
Kambagi is connected to main town Bijapur via Galagali and Babaleshwar has 45 km.Its having many buses daily from Bijapur to Galagali and vice-versa.And also connected to surrounding villages viz,"Hanamasagar","Nadyal","Madagunaki","Devar-Gennur" and "Sangapur(SH)"
Education.
In village a "Govt Higher Primary School(HPS,Kambagi)" has currently working with 1st to 7th standard having more than 250 students and a "Government High School" is also working with 8th to 10th Standards having more than 150 students. The whole village having more than 65% of literacy rate.
Charitable organizations.
In Kambagi village there are various associations doing cultural, sports programmes and other activities.
Festivals.
The main celebrations of the year are "Jai hanuman Okali" and "Shri Hari Pandurang Vittal Saptaha( Dindhi)". Also celebrated each year are "Kara Hunnume", "Nagara Panchami", "Deepavli", "Ugadi", and "Dassara".

</doc>
<doc id="36703877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703877" title="2012–13 Oregon State Beavers men's basketball team">
2012–13 Oregon State Beavers men's basketball team

The 2012–13 Oregon State Beavers men's basketball team represented Oregon State University in the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. Head coach Craig Robinson was in his fifth year with the team. The Beavers played their home games at Gill Coliseum in Corvallis, Oregon and were a member of the Pacific-12 Conference. They finish with a record of 14–18 overall, 4–14 in Pac-12 to finish in a last place tie with Washington State. They lost in the first round of the Pac-12 Tournament to Colorado.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular season
!colspan=9| 2013 Pacific-12 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="36703878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703878" title="Hochfeld">
Hochfeld

Hochfeld may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36703881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703881" title="Jupiter Circus">
Jupiter Circus

Jupiter Circus is a fictional Indian circus which appeared in comic books published by Raj Comics. Jupiter circus is notable in Raj comics universe for being the place where Raj Comics superhero Super Commando Dhruva was born and brought up in his early years of childhood. Jupiter Circus first appeared in GENL #74 Pratishodh Ki Jwala in 1988. The owner of the circus was Jacob and its key employees included Dhruva and his parents.
Publication history.
Jupiter Circus appeared for the first time in 1988 in Dhruva's debut title Pratishodh Ki Jwala. Having been destroyed in the same issue in a fire, the circus never really reappeared in any of the subsequent Dhruva titles, though it has been profusely referenced and mentioned in various Dhruva titles and has remained an integral element of Super Commando Dhruva mythos. Jupiter Circus has since made sporadic appearances in Dhruva titles in the form of flashbacks or time travel related incidents.
Fictional history.
Jupiter Circus was a popular circus, owned by Jacob, located at the outskirts of Rajnagar. It had some of the world's finest performers and acrobats. Two of them, Shyam and Radha, both trapeze artists, fell in love and got married. Their marriage culminated in the birth of their only son, Dhruva. A very smart and talented kid, Dhruva learnt every performing art from circus's expert artists and mastered all the arts to perfection. Growing up amongst circus's pet animals, he learnt to talk to them. At 14yrs of age, when he started performing in live shows, Jupiter circus sailed over new waves of popularity. Jealous of its popularity, rival Globe circus owner, Boss, ordered his goons Jubisko and Bond to destroy Jupiter Circus. Jubisko entered Jupiter circus in the middle of the night and set the whole circus ablaze killing everyone in it with the exception of Dhruva. Enraged, Dhruva vowed over Jupiter's ashes that he will avenge their deaths and will eliminate evil from this society. In the series of events that followed, Globe circus was destroyed too. Later, city police chief Rajan Mehra informed Dhruva that he had inherited Rs. 50 lakhs from the insurance claim of Jupiter circus for which his Uncle Jacob, the owner of Jupiter Circus who loved him very much, had nominated him as the beneficiary. Dhruva promised that he will make use of this money to build a commando force to fight against crime.
List of Jupiter Circus members.
All the Jupiter Circus members are believed to be deceased except for Dhruva who survived the Jupiter carnage. Much later, the character of Jacob was revived when he was revealed in SPCL #100 Khooni Khandan (1997) as the second survivor of that fateful night.
Other circuses in Dhruva titles.
Circus in general has been a very prominent theme in Dhruva titles. Apart from Jupiter Circus, Dhruva's home circus, there have been many other circuses that have appeared or have been mentioned in Dhruva titles.
Globe Circus.
Globe Circus, a fictional Indian circus owned by Boss, was the rival circus of Jupiter Circus. Globe Circus first appeared in Dhruva titles in GENL #74 Pratishodh Ki Jwala (1988). Jealous of Jupiter's popularity, Boss ordered his goons to destroy Jupiter Circus. The resulting series of events eventually brought the downfall of both Jupiter Circus as well as Globe Circus.
List of Globe Circus members.
All the three were assumed to be dead in Pratishodh Ki Jwala though later, the characters of Jubisko and Boss were revived.
Star Circus.
Star Circus hasn't appeared in Dhruva titles but was mentioned in Pratishodh Ki Jwala when Bond tells Jubisko that he never missed a target in "Star Circus" implying that Bond was employed in Star Circus prior to Globe Circus.

</doc>
<doc id="36703900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703900" title="Mayo Building (Tulsa, Oklahoma)">
Mayo Building (Tulsa, Oklahoma)

The Mayo Building on S. Main St. in Tulsa, Oklahoma was built in 1910. It had five stories. It was expanded by a duplicate building to the north in 1914, and further expanded by addition of 5 more stories in 1917.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
According to its NRHP nomination, the building "is one of Tulsa's earliest business/office buildings".

</doc>
<doc id="36703918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703918" title="Cantelli's inequality">
Cantelli's inequality

In probability theory, Cantelli's inequality, named after Francesco Paolo Cantelli, is a generalization of Chebyshev's inequality in the case of a single "tail". The inequality states that
where
With the same methods one can prove the following variant:
The inequality is due to Francesco Paolo Cantelli. The Chebyshev inequality implies that in any data sample or probability distribution, "nearly all" values are close to the mean in terms of the absolute value of the difference between the points of the data sample and the weighted average of the data sample. The Cantelli inequality (sometimes called the "Chebyshev–Cantelli inequality" or the "one-sided Chebyshev inequality") gives a way of estimating how the points of the data sample are bigger than or smaller than their weighted average without the two tails of the absolute value estimate. The Chebyshev inequality has "higher moments versions" and "vector versions", and so does the Cantelli inequality.

</doc>
<doc id="36703930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703930" title="Lost in Your Love">
Lost in Your Love

"Lost in Your Love" is a song by English producer Redlight. The track was released as a digital download in the United Kingdom on 5 August 2012 - where it debuted at number 5 on the UK Singles Chart, making it Redlight's highest charting single to date. The song features the vocals of Baby Sol and Lottie Tricity.
Music video.
A music video to accompany the release of "Lost in Your Love" was first released onto YouTube on 27 June 2012 at a total length of two minutes and fifty-one seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="36703945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703945" title="Bruno Appels">
Bruno Appels

Bruno Appels (born 15 August 1988 in Turnhout) is a Belgian professional footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for FC Den Bosch in the Dutch Eerste Divisie. He formerly played for Willem II

</doc>
<doc id="36703949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703949" title="Lindsay Meyer">
Lindsay Meyer

Lindsay Meyer (born 1988) is an American rower. She was born in Seattle, Washington. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she placed fifth in quadruple sculls, together with Lia Pernell, Jennifer Kaido and Margot Shumway.

</doc>
<doc id="36703965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703965" title="Finnish Nature Heritage Foundation">
Finnish Nature Heritage Foundation

Finnish Nature Heritage Foundation is a foundation founded in 1995 by Finnish ecological activist Pentti Linkola. It has founded to preserve the remaining old-growth forests. The foundation gets donations from private individuals and companies, and then buys the forest areas seemed unique enough to deserve the protection. The protection of forests is double guaranteed - the forests are protected by Finnish nature protection laws, but also by being legally in ownership of Finnish Nature Heritage Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="36703967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703967" title="Lia Pernell">
Lia Pernell

Lia Pernell (born 1981) is an American rower. She was born in Berkeley, California. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she placed fifth in quadruple sculls, together with Lindsay Meyer, Jennifer Kaido and Margot Shumway.

</doc>
<doc id="36703975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703975" title="Grévy's Zebra Trust">
Grévy's Zebra Trust

The Grévy's Zebra Trust GZT was founded in 2007 for the protection of the Grévy's Zebras ("Equus grevyi") and their habitat. The Conservancy works to engage and incorporate local communities in protecting Grévy's Zebra in Ethiopia and Kenya. GZT uses scouts to collect scientific data, provide security, surveillance, and run education programs. Currently the Grévy's Zebras global population is today about 2,500 down from an estimated 15,000 in the 1970s.
Programs.
Grevy's Zebra Scouts.
Grevy's Zebra scouts are locals who are hired and trained to help monitor the herds and report back data. The scouts also help share the message of conservation in their own communities.
Holistic Rangeland Management.
Grévy's Zebra Trust works with communities to manage grazing cattle to improve the land by tilling the land and fertilizing the land so that native grasses that the Zebras eat are better able to grow.
Grévy's Zebra Ambassadors.
Individuals from the Samburu and Turkana tribes that sometimes have conflict over resources are brought together to work with solutions to poaching and given jobs in data collection, security, surveillance and spreading the conservation message.
Education and Outreach.
Teams of scouts go into the communities to perform conservation storytelling and puppet shows for local children and through workshops for the adults. In this process they strive to learn the needs of the communities.

</doc>
<doc id="36703977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703977" title="Dutch Bridge Federation">
Dutch Bridge Federation

__NOTOC__
The Dutch Bridge Federation () is the national governing body for bridge in the Netherlands, based in Utrecht. Founded on 22 November 1930 by Infantry Colonel A. J. E. Lucardie, the federation is the second largest nation member of the European Bridge League, with a 2013 membership of 85 796.
Bridgemate.
Between 2000 and 2005 Dutchman Ron Bouwman, sponsored by the Dutch Bridge Federation, developed Bridgemate, an electronic bridge scoring device. The original Bridgemate is connected to a computer by cable, while its successor, Bridgemate II, uses a wireless connection. Within the Low Countries, Bridgemate is used by around 1,400 bridge clubs. The World Bridge Federation, the European Bridge League and the American Contract Bridge League also use the device in competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="36703979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703979" title="Emigrantia">
Emigrantia

Emigrantia is an extinct genus of trilobites, fossil marine arthropods, of small to average size. It lived during the Toyonian stage (last phase of the Upper "Olenellus"-zone), in what is today the South-Western United States. "Emigrantia" can easily be distinguished from other trilobites by the sturdy but not inflated genal spines, that are attached at midlenght of the cephalon, in combination with effaced features of the raised axial area of the head shield (or glabella).
Etymology.
The name of the genus is derived from Emigrant Pass, Nopah Range, California, near the collection site of many of the last of the Lower Cambrian Olenellina.
Description.
As with most early trilobites, "Emigrantia" has an almost flat exoskeleton, that is only thinly calcified. As part of the Olenellina suborder, "Emigrantia" lacks dorsal sutures. Like all other members of the Olenelloidea superfamily, the eye-ridges spring from the back of the frontal lobe (L4) of the central area of the cephalon, that is called glabella. The exoskeleton of "Emigrantia" is inverted egg-shaped in outline and up to 3 cm in length, disregarding the genal spines and the pleural spines of the 3rd thorax segment. The head shield (or cephalon) is approximately pentagonal, with the right and left frontal margin together forming a circle segment. It has a distinct cephalic border that is developed as a raised ridge. The genal spines are stout, up to 2 mm in diameter near the base and appear to be massive. They are attached about half length of the cephalon and bend quickly to proceed to their tip parallel to the midline. Intergenal angle strongly rounded, from perpendicular to the midline angling to 135°-150°. The glabella is of approximately constant width along its length, and the furrows are indistinct. The thorax has at least 12 segments, but probably a few more. The tips of the pleural lobes point backwards, but except for the third segment, these are not spiny. The 3rd segment is macropleural.
Differences with some other Biceratopsinae.
"Biceratops nevadensis" and "Peachella" share extremely effaced cephalic features with "Emigrantia". "Biceratops" however lacks genal spines. In "Peachella" the genal spines are short and bloated, in contrast with being longer than the cephalon and attached halfway down its side (or lateral margin). "Eopeachella" has short genal spines with only the basis inflated and less effaced cephalic features.
Distribution.
"Emigrantia" is known only from the Lower Cambrian of California (Carrara Formation, Thimble Limestone Member, Nopah Range, Inyo County).

</doc>
<doc id="36703999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703999" title="Otto II the Generous">
Otto II the Generous

Otto II the Generous may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36704002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704002" title="Clinton-Hardy House">
Clinton-Hardy House

The Clinton-Hardy House on S. Guthrie in Tulsa, Oklahoma was built in 1919. It was designed by architect George Winkler and built for Mr. and Mrs. Lee Clinton. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Description.
The house was sited on a bluff on the east bank of the Arkansas River and has a brick wall around it on three sides. The structure consists of four levels containing 14 rooms with 5500 square feet. of floor space.
It includes elements older than the house itself, namely its entrance door, sidelights, and fan light, that were taken from an older residence in New Orleans.
The main (ground level) floor has a large entry foyer with a curved oak staircase. The dining room is to the right, with a butler's pantry and the kitchen. The living room and a sun porch are also on the ground floor. 
The second floor contains four bedrooms and two bathrooms. 
The third floor consists of a full-height, floored attic. A separate stairway leads to this level. 
The basement has a boiler room, coal bin, wine and canning cellar, storage room and a laundry. 
Owner.
Lee Clinton (1875 - 1956) was born in Red Fork, Indian Territory. In 1896, he was hired by the Tulsa Banking Company. Ten years later, he co-founded the Bank of Commerce with his brother-in-law, James H. McBirney. In 1916, he founded the Union National Bank of Tulsa, which he housed in the Clinton Building. Besides banking and real estate, Clinton was interested in cattle raising. He and oilman William G. Skelly co-founded the Tulsa Stockyards. 
Clinton's first wife, Susan, died in 1952. He remarried, but died in 1958. His widow continued to live in the house until 1972. It was the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Robert B. Hardy when the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Properties in 1979. 

</doc>
<doc id="36704013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704013" title="Industrial Emissions Directive">
Industrial Emissions Directive

The Industrial Emissions Directive (Directive 2010/75/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 November 2010 on industrial emissions (integrated pollution prevention and control)) is a European Union directive which commits European Union member states to control and reduce the impact of industrial emissions on the environment.
Rationale.
The European Commission undertook a 2 year review with all stakeholders to examine how the legislation on industrial emissions could be improved to offer a high level of protection for the environment and human health while simplifying the existing legislation and cutting unnecessary administrative costs.
The IED makes sure a significant improvement on the interaction between the existing seven directives which it will replace. It also strengthens, in several instances, some provisions in existing directives, for example the Large Combustion Plant Directive.

</doc>
<doc id="36704028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704028" title="Sharan Newman">
Sharan Newman

Sharan Newman (born April 15, 1949 in Ann Arbor, Michigan) is an American historian and writer of historical novels. She won the Macavity Award for Best First Mystery in 1994.
Biography.
Newman's father was a USAF captain; her mother was a psychologist. In 1971 she both graduated from Antioch College and married Paul Richard Newman, a physicist. She also gained a master's in medieval literature in 1973 from Michigan State University and then doctoral work in Medieval studies at the University of California at Santa Barbara. Newman lectures widely in medieval history and lives in Oregon.
Writing.
Newman's first novels were a historical trilogy about Guinevere. Then she turned to mystery novels set in 12th-century France featuring Catherine LeVendeur, a novice in a convent run by Heloise - though she later leaves and marries.
Awards.
Newmans début mystery, "Death Comes as Epiphany", won the Macavity Award for "Best First Novel" in 1994 and was also nominated for the 1994 Anthony Award and the 1993 Agatha Award in the same category. The novel was also nominated for the 1994 Dilys Award for the mystery title of the year which the "Independent Mystery Booksellers Association" booksellers have most enjoyed selling. "The Wandering Arm" and "Strong As Death" also received nominations for Agatha Awards for "Best Novel" in 1995 and 1996 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="36704035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704035" title="Azra Naheed Medical College">
Azra Naheed Medical College

Azra Naheed Medical College (abbreviated as ANMC), established in 2011 and named after Azra Naheed, is a private college of medicine, pharmacy and allied health professions (Physiotherapy) located on Raiwind Road, Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. It is registered with Pakistan Medical and Dental Council (PMDC) and approved by Ministry of Health. The college is part of the Superior Group of Colleges. Surayya Azeem Hospital and Ch. M. Akram Hospital are attached as training and teaching hospitals.

</doc>
<doc id="36704045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704045" title="Cyprus Prisons Department">
Cyprus Prisons Department

The Cyprus Prisons Department (Greek: ) is the Department of Corrections of the Republic of Cyprus. A government agency under the Ministry of Justice and Public Order responsible for overseeing the incarceration of persons convicted of crimes.
A common misconception is that the Cyprus Police runs the correctional facilities in Cyprus. This is mainly due to the fact that the Cyprus Prisons department and the Cyprus Police have almost identical logos, patches, uniforms and are both operating holding facilities. However the Cyprus Police and the Cyprus Prisons Departments, although under the same ministry, are completely separate.
A simple explanation for who is responsible for keeping a felon at each stage is that the Police are responsible for detaining suspects in Police holding cells until they are formally charged and then are released to appear at a court on a later date while the Prisons department is responsible for people already convicted by a court to jail time and they are serving their sentence in prison. An exception to this, is felons which have a high probability of escaping if they are released to appear to a court on a later date or felons that are too dangerous to be released, where after they are formally charged by the Police they are taken to a court and the court issues a warrant for the person to be placed in a prison for the entire duration of their trial (which can take several years) until they are acquitted or convicted. If the person is convicted, this period of time, counts towards the sentence as time already served.
Mission.
The policy of the Department of Prisons is based on four principles. 
For this reason the Department of Prisons has as a primary mission:
Facilities.
The central Prison of Nicosia is the only correctional facility in the Republic of Cyprus, although some very small off-site facilities have been declared as prisons, for use when there is need for a prisoner to be kept separately from the rest of the Prison’s general population.

</doc>
<doc id="36704052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704052" title="Republic with Ann Bezulyk">
Republic with Ann Bezulyk

Republic with Ann Bezulyk () is a weekly social-political talk show on 5 Kanal about people's lives. The main topics are society, culture, international relations, and politics. Usually there are two main points of view on the main theme of discussion presented by different social elites.
In January and February 2013, Bezulyk had a similar program on Inter TV before it was replaced by "Shuster Live". As of February 2013, Inter TV and Bezulyk were looking for a new program for her.

</doc>
<doc id="36704073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704073" title="Wilhelm Brückner (murderer)">
Wilhelm Brückner (murderer)

Wilhelm Brückner was a German mass murderer who killed nine members of his family in Hassenberg and Lindenberg, German Reich during the night of June 6 to June 7, 1925, before committing suicide.
Life.
Brückner, who was described as a withdrawn oddball, worked as a basket maker. He was married twice and had a daughter that was 1 year old at the time of the murders. His first marriage failed after disaccords with his wife about their religious faith.
When Brückner was about 10 years old his father was struck and killed by lightning, while he himself was left unconscious, an incident that was said to have caused a change of his character. During World War I he was conscripted repeatedly, but was discharged each time due to his mental state, the last and final time in 1917. An evaluation conducted after his murders described him as a hysteric epileptic, suffering from mental retardation.
Brückner had an interest in the supernatural and various books about witchcraft, ghosts, and evocation, as well as two Himmelsbriefe were found among his belongings when police searched his home. He was also interested in notorious contemporary murderers, and was especially occupied with serial killer Fritz Haarmann. It was stated that he had sketched the murderers head and studied reports about his case in detail. Police also found a note at his workplace reading 
"Massenmörder Haarmann! Massenmörder Denke! Massenmörder ? ? ?" (Mass murderer Haarmann! Mass murderer Denke! Mass murderer ? ? ?) in reference to Fritz Haarmann and Karl Denke, another serial killer whose crimes made headlines at that time.
At the time of the murders Brückner lived, together with his mother, at the house of his sister and her husband, and was said to have argued with them frequently. He was believed to have killed his sister-in-law two years prior to the mass murder, and in the days leading up to June 6 he made various comments that indicated he had planned his crime for some time.
Murders.
During the night of June 6, 1925, 31-year-old Brückner cycled to Lindenberg, arriving there at about 11 p.m. He waited for his brother-in-law, Hugo Birnstiel, and accompanied him for a while on his way, but eventually lured him into a forest, where he hit him with a piece of iron on the back of his head. The 19-year-old managed to escape, whereupon Brückner returned to Lindenberg to the house of his parents-in-law where his estranged wife was living. He waited for the pregnant woman at the outhouse and, apparently after she had declined his request to return to him, cut her throat with a knife. While she ran back to the house and died in her father's arms, Brückner made his two-hour trip back to Hassenberg. 
There he entered the house of his sister, Wilhelmine Rosenbauer, and killed her, her husband Eduard, and their five children – four girls aged 2, 10, 16 and 19 years, and a boy aged 8 – as well as his own mother by smashing their skulls with an axe and cutting their throats with the kitchen knife. Subsequently he washed the bodies of his mother and Ilse Brückner, before finally hanging himself at his mother's bed. Police, alerted after the murder of his wife, arrived at the house around 4 a.m., but could only ascertain the deaths of all its inhabitants.
Brückner left a letter where he accused his brother-in-law, Hugo Birnstiel, to have had an incestuous relationship with his own sister (Brückner's wife), which had resulted in her pregnancy. He also alluded to a conflict about some geese with Eduard Rosenbauer, whom he called a savage. It was not believed that these accusations had any foundation in reality though, instead it was suggested that Brückner might have heard imaginary conversations between his wife and Birnstiel that made him believe they had a relationship.
Victims.
Among those killed were:

</doc>
<doc id="36704086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704086" title="La Ola Walzer">
La Ola Walzer

"La Ola Walzer" (Trans: "The Wave Waltzer") is a song performed and recorded by Austrian artist DJ Ötzi. The song was released alongside the single ""Servus die Wadln"" on 31 January 2005. The single is a catchy form of 'pop waltz' song, featuring the main melody of ""The Blue Danube"". The song became popular following DJ Otzi's performance alongside Andre Rieu and the Johann Strauss Orchestra in Vienna in 2006 and in Maastricht in 2010. Since the performance there has been a small demand for an English version of the song to be released, especially in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="36704103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704103" title="Wirat Wangchan">
Wirat Wangchan

Wirat Wangchan is a Thailand football Goalkeeper who played for Thailand in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for Sinthana and Thai Port FC

</doc>
<doc id="36704126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704126" title="1932 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Singles">
1932 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Singles

Helen Wills Moody defeated Helen Jacobs 6–3, 6-1 to win the Ladies' Singles tennis title at the 1932 Wimbledon Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36704133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704133" title="Hell on Wheels (season 2)">
Hell on Wheels (season 2)

The second season of the AMC television series "Hell on Wheels", created and produced by Joe and Tony Gayton, premiered on August 12, 2012. The second season follows Cullen Bohannon as he tries to find himself again while continuing to drive the westward expansion of Union Pacific Railroad, under Thomas "Doc" Durant. The season's tagline is: "Still fighting ... still searching ... still raising hell."
Cast.
Main cast.
The second season features ten major roles receiving star billing, all returning from the first season; eight were listed as main cast members in the first season, while Robin McLeavy and Christopher Heyerdahl are promoted from recurring status.
Production.
Production began in late-April 2012. While last season's exterior filming took place on the Tsuu T’ina Nation indian reserve, this season's exterior were filmed near the Bow River in Calgary, allowing for bigger sets, approximately 3002 feet (915 meters) of railroad track, and an extra locomotive and nearly a dozen loosely-made, wooden structures to be built. Interior filming was done in a 56,000-square-foot (over 5202 square meters) makeshift studio near the city's airport. Series producers said filming the season's ten episodes took about 80 days.
Anson Mount (Cullen Bohannon) spoke about the differences between the seasons: "The big question of this season is why is Cullen Bohannon sticking with the railroad. Why is he here? And hopefully that will be absolutely answered by the end of the season. I think for me, it's also been about opening up different facets of the character. I want to find the parts of Cullen that are light, that are aware of humor, and that's been a particularly exciting thing for me to do this year."
Dominique McElligott (Lily Bell) also spoke of the character changes: "When I arrived in Calgary and I read the script, my jaw dropped. I couldn't believe where Lily was. Her motivations have changed, and her ambition from her husband has become her own ambition... Lily's character has surprised me in terms of how cunning she's become and calculating and how determined and ambitious that she is."
Common (Elam Ferguson) spoke about the audience's perception of the American frontier through Elam: "We haven't seen a character like this from that time period, and I think that was important. One thing that I've really appreciated about Elam is that he's a leader and very intelligent. He cares for people, he's passionate, and has his own dream, and thinks for himself. You know, he's a human being. And I think that's one of the most important things that people can learn from "Hell on Wheels" and that time period is that people were people. Some of the same things that we go through now, they experienced."
Casting.
Virginia Madsen was cast in a three-episode story arc as Hannah Durant, wife of Thomas.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Reception.
Ratings.
The second season premiere was watched by just over 2.5 million viewers and 793,000 adults aged 18-49, a 0.6 Nielsen rating. The numbers were down significantly from the first season's premiere and finale. The first season premiere had a lead-in program in "The Walking Dead". The two-hour finale was watched by 2.18 million viewers and received a 0.6 18-49 rating.
Critical reception.
The second season received a 60 out of 100 aggregate score, based on nine reviews, indicating "mixed or average" reception at Metacritic. 
Ken Tucker of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the season start a B+, calling it "visually impressive," adding "the show rises or falls each week on the strength of the moments when and Common dominate. Each actor in his own way is capable of lifting "Hell on Wheels" to the level the series so clearly wants to attain: a fresh take on the old macho code of a-man's-gotta-do-what-a-man's-gotta-do, without posturing or a self-consciousness about the century of Westerns that have preceded it." 
"Salon"s Willa Paskin called the new season "a perfectly adequate piece of television with above adequate production values", adding "even if Westerns aren't particularly your thing, "Hell on Wheels" doesn't hurt to watch, if, you know, it's not actually "fun" to watch." 
Verne Gay of Newsday gave it a B- and stated "the cast [...] is good, while the Old West still feels especially beautiful and perilous." 
"New York Magazine"s Matt Zoller Seitz stated the show "still looks and sounds great, has a mostly capable cast, and delivers flat-out terrific Elam scenes, large-scale action set pieces, and lantern-lit images that reminded of "The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford". But the rest is wasted motion." 
Maureen Ryan of The Huffington Post found the second season "marginally better paced and the characters moderated a bit from the broad archetypes seen in Season 1," but added "It's a mystery to me how something about the building of railroad can so often fail to take advantage of the literal engine at its core." 
The AV Club gave Season 2 a grade of B- overall, but suggested that it might be the last.

</doc>
<doc id="36704162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704162" title="Witthaya Nabthong">
Witthaya Nabthong

Witthaya Nabthong is a Thai football defender who played for Thai internationals in the 2000 AFC Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36704187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704187" title="Panupong Chimpook">
Panupong Chimpook

Panupong Chimpook is a Thailand football Defender who played for Thailand in the 2000 Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36704226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704226" title="Anastasia Bliznyuk">
Anastasia Bliznyuk

Anastasia Ilyinichna Bliznyuk (Russian: Анастасия Ильинична Близнюк; born 28 June 1994, Zaporizhia, Ukraine) is a Russian group rhythmic gymnast. She is the 2012 Olympics Group All-around champion, 2013 World Group All-around bronze medalist, 2012 European Group All-around champion and two time (2013, 2012) World Cup Final Group All-around champion.
Career.
Bliznyuk was part of the gold medal winning Russian Group at the 2012 European Championships and at the World Cup Final in Minsk, Belarus. She won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the group all-around event together with other group members (Uliana Donskova, Ksenia Dudkina, Alina Makarenko, Anastasia Nazarenko, Karolina Sevastyanova).
For six months leading up to the Olympic Games, the Russian gymnasts only ate buckwheat in their diet. Bliznyuk is a resident of the city of Penza.
Bliznyuk suffered an injury at the start of the 2013 season and was not selected to compete with the Russian Group, she returned to competition in the Russian Group at the 2013 Sofia World Cup where they won the silver medal in all-around and gold in 2 ribbons/3 balls final. At the Minsk World Cup they won gold in all-around, silver in 2 ribbons/3 balls and bronze in 10 clubs. Bliznyuk and the rest Russian Group won all the gold medals at the 2013 Summer Universiade in All-around, 10 clubs and 2 ribbons/3 balls. The Russian Group won the gold medals in Group All-around, 10 clubs and 2 ribbons/3 balls at the 2013 World Cup Final in St. Petersburg, Russia. Bliznyuk and her Russian teammates won the Group All-around bronze medal at the 2013 World Championships, they won gold in 2 Ribbon + 3 Balls final. Bliznyuk along with rest of the remaining Russian Group Olympians completed their careers after the World Championships. Irina Viner has stated about their dismissal and retirements: "We have made drastic changes in the composition of the group. All the girls, who a year ago at the Olympic Games were the first after the World Cup series had to say goodbye to the sport. They did not show in Kiev what could and should have been shown. The "star disease" should not be left on the carpet. And I always say that as long as you're standing on a pedestal - you're a winner, but as soon as you had gone down from it- you're no one to call you in any way".
Personal life.
Anastasia is the daughter of former football player Ilya Bliznyuk who played for the Ukrainian national team and is the head coach of FC Zirka Kirovograd. She has an elder sister named Alexandra and a younger brother named Vladimir.

</doc>
<doc id="36704227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704227" title="Uliana Donskova">
Uliana Donskova

Uliana Vyacheslavovna Donskova (; born 24 August 1992) is a Russian group rhythmic gymnast. She is the 2012 Olympics Group All-around champion, the 2011 World Group All-around silver medalist, the 2010 World Group All-around bronze medalist, the 2012 European Group All-around gold medalist and the 2010 European Group All-around gold medalist.
Career.
Donskova started training in gymnastics when she was five years old. She started competing with the Russian Group in 2008. She competed in her first World Championship on August 12, 2009 in Japan, in Mie. There she together with the other Russian group received a gold medal and two bronze medals. She was again part of the Russian Group at the European Championships in Bremen and at the 2010 and 2011 World Championships.
She won the gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the group all-around event together with other group members (Ksenia Dudkina, Anastasia Bliznyuk, Alina Makarenko, Anastasia Nazarenko, Karolina Sevastyanova).
It was Russia's 4th consecutive win in the Group since the 2000 Summer Olympics. Donskova said: "We had no idea that we were going for four in a row." When asked to explain the secret of Russia's success in rhythmic gymnastics, she added: "We're born as rhythmic gymnasts." For six months leading up to the Olympic Games, the Russian gymnasts ate only buckwheat. Donskova retired from rhythmic gymnastics after the 2012 Olympics.
In June 25 2014, Donskova married former CSKA Mosvka Ice Hockey player Ruben Begunts.
Personal life.
Donskova is a student at the Lesgaft National State University of Physical Culture, Sport & Health in Saint Petersburg, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="36704229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704229" title="Quasi-judicial proceedings">
Quasi-judicial proceedings

Quasi-judicial proceedings are trials that adopt the form of a judicial process without a formal basis in law.
Origins.
The word 'quasi' consists of two Latin words: Quam + Si. Quam, in Latin, means ‘as much as’ and Si means ‘if.’ The prefix ‘quasi’ connotes the meaning – ‘similar to but not exactly the same as.’ Thus, quasi-judicial proceedings are similar to but not exactly court proceedings. The term also implies that these authorities are not routinely responsible for holding such proceedings and often may have other duties. 
In short, an administrative function is called ‘quasi-judicial’ when there is an obligation to assume a judicial approach and to comply with the basic requirements of natural justice. Thus, the fundamental purpose of a quasi-judicial hearing is to provide the affected parties due process. Due process requires notice of the proceedings and an opportunity to be heard.

</doc>
<doc id="36704230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704230" title="Ksenia Dudkina">
Ksenia Dudkina

Ksenia Pavlovna Dudkina (; born 25 February 1995) is a Russian group rhythmic gymnast from Omsk, Russia. She is the 2012 Olympics Group All-around champion, the 2011 World Group All-around silver medalist, 2013 World Group All-around bronze medalist, 2012 European Group All-around gold medalist, (2013, 2012) World Cup Final Group All-around champion and 2010 Youth Olympic Games Group All-around champion.
Career.
Dudkina was trained by Elena Arais (daughter of Vera Shtelbaums, who is Evgenia Kanaeva's personal coach) before she started competing in group. Dudkina became an Honored Master of Sports of Russia in 2011.
Dudkina is from Omsk Oblast, also home to two-time Olympic champion Evgenia Kanaeva, 2004 Olympic silver medalist Irina Tchachina, Soviet World champion Galima Shugurova and 2008 Group member Olympic champion Margarita Aliychuk. Dudkina like Kanaeva is an honorary citizen of Omsk.
As a junior, she and the Russian Group won the gold medal at the 2010 Youth Olympic Games. She competed as member of the senior Russian Group at the 2011 World Championships. She was part of the golden winning Russian Group at the 2012 European Championships and at the World Cup Final in Minsk.
Dudkina won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the group all-around event together with other group members (Uliana Donskova, Anastasia Bliznyuk, Alina Makarenko, Anastasia Nazarenko, Karolina Sevastyanova) For six months leading up to the Olympic Games, the Russian gymnasts only ate buckwheat in their diet. She was one of the youngest member of the Russian Group in the 2012 Olympics at only 17 years old.
Dudkina and the rest of the Russian Group returned to competition at the 2013 Moscow Grand Prix where they won the all-around, at the Thiais Grand Prix they also won the all-around gold medal as well as in the event finals. They competed at their first World Cup competition of the season in Lisboa, Portugal where they won bronze in all-around and won the gold medal in 10 clubs and 2 ribbons/3 balls final. At the Sofia World Cup they won the silver medal in all-around and gold in 2 ribbons/3 balls final. At the Minsk World Cup they won gold in all-around, silver in 2 ribbons/3 balls and bronze in 10 clubs. Dudkina and the rest Russian Group won all the gold medals at the 2013 Summer Universiade in All-around, 10 clubs and 2 ribbons/3 balls. The Russian Group won the gold medals in Group All-around, 10 clubs and 2 ribbons/3 balls at the 2013 World Cup Final in St. Petersburg, Russia. Dudkina and her Russian teammates won the Group All-around bronze medal at the 2013 World Championships, they won gold in 2 Ribbon + 3 Balls final. Dudkina along with rest of the remaining Russian Group Olympians completed their careers after the World Championships. Irina Viner has stated about their dismissal and retirements: "We have made drastic changes in the composition of the group. All the girls, who a year ago at the Olympic Games were the first after the World Cup series had to say goodbye to the sport. They did not show in Kiev what could and should have been shown. The "star disease" should not be left on the carpet. And I always say that as long as you're standing on a pedestal - you're a winner, but as soon as you had gone down from it- you're no one to call you in any way".

</doc>
<doc id="36704232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704232" title="Alina Makarenko">
Alina Makarenko

Alina Andreevna Makarenko (; born 14 January 1995) is a Russian group rhythmic gymnast. She is the 2012 Olympics Group All-around champion, the 2011 World Group All-around silver medalist, 2012 European Group All-around gold medalist and 2010 Youth Olympic Games Group All-around champion.
Career.
As a junior, Makarenko competed as an individual gymnast but switched to competing in the Russian Group under Russian Head Coach Irina Viner. She and the Russian Junior Group won the gold medal at the 2010 Youth Olympic Games. She was again part of the group that competed at the 2011 World Championships.
Makarenko was a member of the Russian Group that competed at the 2011 World Championships. She was part of the gold medal winning Russian Group at the 2012 European Championships and at the World Cup Final in Minsk. She won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the group all-around event together with other group members (Uliana Donskova, Anastasia Bliznyuk, Ksenia Dudkina, Anastasia Nazarenko, Karolina Sevastyanova).
For six months leading up to the Olympic Games, the Russian gymnasts only ate buckwheat in their diet.
Makarenko and the rest of the Russian Group returned to competition at the 2013 Moscow Grand Prix where they won the all-around, at the Thiais Grand Prix they also won the all-around gold medal as well as in the event finals. They competed at their first World Cup competition of the season in Lisboa, Portugal where they won bronze in all-around and won the gold medal in 10 clubs and 2 ribbons/3 balls final. She suffered a knee injury and was temporarily replaced by Diana Borisova in the Russian Group.
Struggling with injuries, Makarenko finally retired from competitive gymnastics.

</doc>
<doc id="36704233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704233" title="Anastasia Nazarenko">
Anastasia Nazarenko

Anastasia Konstantinovna Nazarenko (Russian: Анастасия Константиновна Назаренко ; born 17 January 1993) is a Russian group rhythmic gymnast from Kaliningrad. She is the 2012 Olympics Group All-around champion, the 2011 World Group All-around silver medalist, two time (2013,2010) Group All-around bronze medalist, 2010 European Group All-around champion and two time World Cup Final Group All-around champion.
Career.
Nazarenko competed in two World Championships. She was misdiagnosed with a foot injury that kept her from competing in the early part of the 2012 season. She returned to competition after the 2012 European Championships replacing Group alternate Olga Ilina. She was part of the golden winning Russian Group at the 2012 World Cup Final in Minsk.
Nazarenko won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the group all-around event together with other group members (Uliana Donskova, Anastasia Bliznyuk, Alina Makarenko, Ksenia Dudkina, Karolina Sevastyanova). For six months leading up to the Olympic Games, the Russian gymnasts only ate buckwheat in their diet.
Nazarenko and the rest of the Russian Group returned to competition at the 2013 Moscow Grand Prix where they won the all-around, at the Thiais Grand Prix they also won the all-around gold medal as well as in the event finals. They competed at their first World Cup competition of the season in Lisboa, Portugal where they won bronze in all-around and won the gold medal in 10 clubs and 2 ribbons/3 balls final. At the Sofia World Cup they won the silver medal in all-around and gold in 2 ribbons/3 balls final. At the Minsk World Cup they won gold in all-around, silver in 2 ribbons/3 balls and bronze in 10 clubs. Nazarenko and the rest Russian Group won all the gold medals at the 2013 Summer Universiade in All-around, 10 clubs and 2 ribbons/3 balls. The Russian Group won the gold medals in Group All-around, 10 clubs and 2 ribbons/3 balls at the 2013 World Cup Final in St. Petersburg, Russia.
Nazarenko and her Russian teammates won the Group All-around bronze medal at the 2013 World Championships, they won gold in 2 Ribbon + 3 Balls final. Nazarenko completed her career after the 2013 World Championships.
Personal life.
Nazarenko is studying at the Lesgaft National State University of Physical Education in St. Petersburg, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="36704234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704234" title="Karolina Sevastyanova">
Karolina Sevastyanova

Karolina Andreyevna Sevastyanova (; born 25 April 1995) is a Russian group rhythmic gymnast. She is the 2012 Olympics Group All-around champion, 2012 European Group All-around champion and 2010 Youth Olympic Games Group All-around champion.
Career.
Sevastyanova competed as an individual gymnast on the junior level, appearing in international competitions. She competed in Miss Valentine 2005 in Estonia with Margarita Mamun. Later, she started competing with the Russian Group. 
Sevastyanova was a member of the Russian Junior Group that won the gold medal at the 2010 Youth Olympic Games. In 2012, she was selected to compete with the Russian Senior Group as a replacement for the injured Natalia Pichuzhkina. They won the gold medal at the 2012 European Championships and at the World Cup Final in Minsk.
With Uliana Donskova, Anastasia Bliznyuk, Alina Makarenko, Anastasia Nazarenko, and Ksenia Dudkina, Sevastyanova won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the group all-around event. They ate only buckwheat for six months leading up to the Olympic Games. Sevastyanova was voted the most beautiful female athlete from the CIS countries participating at the 2012 Olympics. 17,200 people from Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Moldova, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan took part in the survey. Sevastyanova retired from competition at the age of 17 following the event. She planned to get her college degree at Moscow State University and explore working as a TV presenter or host.

</doc>
<doc id="36704242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704242" title="Thoughts on the Cause of the Present Discontents">
Thoughts on the Cause of the Present Discontents

"Thoughts on the Cause of the Present Discontents" is an essay written by Edmund Burke, an 18th century political theorist and philosopher. The subject is the nepotism of King George III and the influence of the Court on the House of Commons of Great Britain. The essay was influential in defining political parties and their roles within government. As Burke wrote, parties are "a body of men united for promoting by their joint endeavours the national interest upon some particular principle in which they are all agreed".

</doc>
<doc id="36704243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704243" title="Bartolomeo Vecchione">
Bartolomeo Vecchione

Bartolomeo Vecchione is an late 18th century Italian architect of the late-Baroque or Rococo period, active in and around Naples.
Little is known about his origins and training; he clearly appears influenced by Ferdinando Sanfelice and Luigi Vanvitelli, two contemporary masters of Southern architecture. He was the younger brother of the shipyard engineer, Luca Vecchione. Between 1747-1751, in collaboration with Crescenzo Torchese, he designed the structure of the elaborately decorated and remarkable pharmacy attached to the Ospedale degli Incurabili in central Naples. He aided in the reconstruction of the church of San Francesco delle Monache with the construction of an atrium in stucco and marble preceded by a gate in piperno performed by Torchese.
Between 1750 and 1760, he was active in the design and construction the church of the Annunciation in Giugliano in Campania and the main of the church of Giugliano. In 1758, in Naples, he helped complete the church of the Santissima Immacolata Concezione di Maria e San Vincenzo Ferrera (Chiesa dell'Immacolata e San Vincenzo) In 1769, he worked with Carlo Zoccoli and Gaetano Barba in studying the collapse of the façade of the Palazzo del Banco and its oratory. He worked in 1769-1770 on the reconstruction of the facade of the church of the Pietà dei Turchini, and in 1771, with Felice Bottiglieri, he was appointed auditor of Archconfraternity of the church of Santissima Trinità dei Pellegrini in Naples.

</doc>
<doc id="36704249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704249" title="2012–13 Canada women's national ice hockey team">
2012–13 Canada women's national ice hockey team

The 2012–13 women's national hockey team will represent Canada in various tournaments during the season. The team will attempt to win the gold medal at the Women's World Championships in Ottawa, Ontario. The head coach of the National team is York Lions women's ice hockey coach Dan Church.
National team.
2013 IIHF Worlds.
Schedule.
All times are local (UTC−4).

</doc>
<doc id="36704252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704252" title="Canardo (rapper)">
Canardo (rapper)

Hakim Mouhid (born 22 September 1984 in Trappes, Yvelines), better known by his stage name Canardo, is a French rapper, singer, songwriter and music producer. After working with label "Banlieue Sale Music" since 2007, in 2011, he founded his own label "Henijai Music". He is the brother of fellow french rapper La Fouine.
Career.
He was the last of 7 children of Moroccan immigrants to France. His father was a musician. He started rapping with the French rap band Trappiste La Smala and his first recording under his first name Hakim was "J'ai des dettes" on a street CD "Planète Trappes Vol. 1" released by his brother La Fouine. He produced La Fouine's album "Aller-Retour" in 2007. His first commercial success came with his "Capitale du Crime" in the mixtape "Capitale du Crime 1" followed by another success with "Hamdoulah moi ça va" asa duo with La Fouine and appearance in "Capitale du Crime 2" with "Iblis" and other featurings. 
In 2008, Canardo co-founded with his brother La Fouine their own label called "Banlieue Sale Music". This independent label, forged a partnership with Sony-BMG, one of the biggest music labels in the world. Banlieue Sale has subsidiaries that are "S-Kal Records" (created by the managers of La Fouine) and "Henijai Music" (created by Canardo). Artists signed on Banlieue Sale include Green, MLC, Chabodo, M.A.S, Evaanz, Fababy and Sindy.
On 21 June 2010, he released his first solo album "Papillon" with "Je ne perds pas le nord" being his first single from the album, followed by "Bismillah" and "Le Chant du ghetto". The track "Ailleurs" with guitar and vocals was dedicated to his home country Morocco. In the album, there are collaborations with La Fouine, Gappy Ranks, Green Money, M.A.S, MLC, Mokho'kaine, Gued'1, B.S.M and Chabodo. The self-produced album included inputs from Cutee B, Clément (of Animalson) and Félipé for interpreting tracks and for Grégoire, Diam's, Oxmo Puccino and others for writing some tracks. Owed to the success of "Papillon", he made other tracks available through a mixtape and as free download from a release he entitled "Papillon II". Popular tracks included "Déconne", "Un rayon de lumière" and "Banlieue Sale Technique", the latter featuring Jmi Sissoko. On mixtape "Papillion II" there are additional featurings by Disiz la Peste, MLC, Sultan, Sofiane and B.R.
On 16 July 2012, Canardo released his commercially successful mixtape "A la youv" with first single being "Mele Me", with other tracks like "A ce qu'il parait", "Mauvais plan", "On encaisse", "J'suis trop haan" and "ça vient de Paris". The mixtape contains a great number of collaborations including S.pri noir, Still Fresh, Mister You, Anissa, Orelsan and Gringe, Sultan, M.A.S, Tieck, La Fouine, B.R., Sofiane, LECK, Seth Gueko and La Fouine. His duo with Tal resulted in a single "M'en aller". Canardo is planning on a studio album in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36704253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704253" title="Maryna Hancharova">
Maryna Hancharova

Maryna Hancharova (27 February 1990) is a Belarusian rhythmic gymnast.
Biography.
She competed in Group at the 2011 World Championships. She and the Belarusian Group won the Silver medal at the 2012 European Championships in Group All-around as well as silver in Group All-around, 5 Balls and Gold in 3 Ribbons + 2 Hoops at the 2012 World Cup Final. She has won a silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the group all-around event together with other Group Members (Anastasiya Ivankova, Alina Tumilovich, Nataliya Leshchyk, Aliaksandra Narkevich, Kseniya Sankovich).

</doc>
<doc id="36704256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704256" title="Nataliya Leshchyk">
Nataliya Leshchyk

Nataliya Leshchyk (born 25 July 1995) is a Belarusian rhythmic gymnast.
Biography.
She competed in Group at the 2011 World Championships. She and the Belarusian Group won the Silver medal at the 2012 European Championships in Group All-around as well as silver in Group All-around, 5 Balls and Gold in 3 Ribbons + 2 Hoops at the 2012 World Cup Final. She has won a silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the group all-around event together with other Group Members(Anastasiya Ivankova, Alina Tumilovich, Maryna Hancharova, Aliaksandra Narkevich, Kseniya Sankovich).

</doc>
<doc id="36704257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704257" title="Aliaksandra Narkevich">
Aliaksandra Narkevich

Aliaksandra Narkevich (born 22 December 1994) is a Belarusian rhythmic gymnast.
Biography.
She competed as individual gymnast at the 2011 World Championships but switched to competing with the Belarusian Group in 2012.
She and the Belarusian Group won the Silver medal at the 2012 European Championships in Group All-around as well as silver in Group All-around, 5 Balls and Gold in 3 Ribbons + 2 Hoops at the 2012 World Cup Final. She has won a silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the group all-around event together with other Group Members (Anastasiya Ivankova, Alina Tumilovich, Nataliya Leshchyk, Maryna Hancharova, Kseniya Sankovich).

</doc>
<doc id="36704264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704264" title="Michael Potts (footballer)">
Michael Potts (footballer)

Michael Craig Thomas Potts (born 26 November 1991) is an English footballer who plays for Guiseley as a midfielder. He previously played for Blackburn Rovers and York City.
Career.
Early career.
Born in Preston, Lancashire, Potts played for Manchester United's youth teams all the way through high school. Throughout his time at United Potts was regarded as a striker. Potts attended Priory High School in Penwortham, Preston.
Blackburn Rovers.
After being released at the end of his Youth Contract at Manchester United, Potts signed a contract with Blackburn Rovers in 2008. Although he never played a game for the first team, Potts became well known for his passing ability and had been reverted to a central midfielder.
York City.
Potts signed for Conference Premier side York City on a two-year contract on 23 June 2011. He finished the 2011–12 season with 13 appearances as York were promoted to League Two via the play-offs. He made 14 appearances and scored three goals for York in the 2012–13 season, before being released on 30 April 2013.
Guiseley.
Potts signed for Conference North side Guiseley on 14 August 2013 following a trial,at the start of the season he helped with the goals and he was top scorer for Guiseley before Alex Johnson joined from AFC Halifax who has netted 8 goals (21 February 1914), he later saw his position taken away by the return of Danny Boshell.
He was however allowed to play one game of beach football in tenerife, in which he scored the winning goal only to be sent of for removing his trousers in celebration. 

</doc>
<doc id="36704265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704265" title="Warkentin">
Warkentin

Warkentin is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36704268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704268" title="Cesar Chavez (disambiguation)">
Cesar Chavez (disambiguation)

César Chávez (1927–1993) was an American farm worker, labor leader and civil rights activist.

</doc>
<doc id="36704269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704269" title="Elisa Blanchi">
Elisa Blanchi

Elisa Blanchi (born 13 October 1987) is an Italian rhythmic gymnast.
She has competed in 3 Olympic Games, she and the Italian Group won the silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. She was part of the 2009, 2010 and 2011 Italian Group that competed at the World Championships that won the Group All-around gold medal. Her teammates also won a pair of bronze medals at the 2012 World Cup Final in 5 Balls and 3 Ribbons + 2 Hoops. She has won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the group all-around event together with other Group Members( Romina Laurito, Marta Pagnini, Elisa Santoni, Anzhelika Savrayuk, Andreea Stefanescu ).

</doc>
<doc id="36704270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704270" title="Romina Laurito">
Romina Laurito

Romina Laurito (born 4 May 1987) is an Italian rhythmic gymnast.
Career.
Luarito was an individual gymnast until 2007.
She was part of the 2010 and 2011 Italian Group that competed at the World Championships that won the Group All-around gold medal. Her teammates also won a pair of bronze medals at the 2012 World Cup Final in 5 Balls and 3 Ribbons + 2 Hoops. She has won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the group all-around event together with other Group Members( Elisa Blanchi, Marta Pagnini, Elisa Santoni, Anzhelika Savrayuk, Andreea Stefanescu).

</doc>
<doc id="36704271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704271" title="Marta Pagnini">
Marta Pagnini

Marta Pagnini (21 January 1991) is an Italian rhythmic gymnast. 
Career.
She was part of the 2010 and 2011 Italian Group that competed at the World Championships that won the Group All-around gold medal. Her teammates also won a pair of bronze medals at the 2012 World Cup Final in 5 Balls and 3 Ribbons + 2 Hoops. She has won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the group all-around event together with other Group Members( Elisa Blanchi, Romina Laurito, Elisa Santoni, Anzhelika Savrayuk, Andreea Stefanescu ).

</doc>
<doc id="36704272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704272" title="Elisa Santoni">
Elisa Santoni

Elisa Santoni (born 10 December 1987) is an Italian rhythmic gymnast.
Biography.
One of the veterans of the Italian group, She has competed in 3 Olympic Games, a member of silver medalist group at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. She and the Italian Group competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. and finished 4th in the Group All-around. She was part of the 2010 and 2011 Italian Group that competed at the World Championships that won the Group All-around gold medal. Her teammates also won a pair of bronze medals at the 2012 World Cup Final in 5 Balls and 3 Ribbons + 2 Hoops. She has won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the group all-around event together with other Group Members( Romina Laurito, Marta Pagnini, Elisa Blanchi, Anzhelika Savrayuk, Andreea Stefanescu ).

</doc>
<doc id="36704273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704273" title="Anzhelika Savrayuk">
Anzhelika Savrayuk

Anzhelika Savrayuk (born 23 August 1989 in Lutsk, Ukraine) is an Italian rhythmic gymnast.
Career.
Savrayuk has competed in two Olympic Games. She and the Italian Group competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and finished 4th in the Group All-around. She was part of the 2010 and 2011 Italian Group that competed at the World Championships that won the Group All-around gold medal. Her teammates also won a pair of bronze medals at the 2012 World Cup Final in 5 Balls and 3 Ribbons + 2 Hoops. Savrayuk won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the group all-around event together with other group members Romina Laurito, Marta Pagnini, Elisa Blanchi, Andreea Stefanescu, Elisa Santoni.

</doc>
<doc id="36704274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704274" title="Andreea Stefanescu">
Andreea Stefanescu

Andreea Stefanescu (born 13 December 1993 in Iasi) is an Italian rhythmic gymnast.
Biography.
She was part of the 2010 and 2011 Italian Group that competed at the World Championships that won the Group All-around gold medal. Her teammates also won a pair of bronze medals at the 2012 World Cup Final in 5 Balls and 3 Ribbons + 2 Hoops. She has won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the group all-around event together with other Group Members( Elisa Blanchi, Marta Pagnini, Elisa Santoni, Anzhelika Savrayuk, Romina Laurito ).

</doc>
<doc id="36704285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704285" title="Those Who Wear Glasses">
Those Who Wear Glasses

Those Who Wear Glasses () is a 1969 Hungarian drama film written and directed by Sándor Simó. The film won the Golden Leopard at the Locarno International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="36704286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704286" title="MARTa Herford">
MARTa Herford

MARTa Herford is a contemporary art museum in Herford, Germany.
Building and history.
The idea for the museum formed in 2000, drawing from Herford's status as a German center of furniture and home furnishing production. The name "MARTa" is an acronym for "Möbel" (German for "furniture"), "ART" (simply "art" in English), and "Ambiente" (ambience). The founding director of the museum was Jan Hoet, a noted Belgian curator. took over as director in 2009.
The building was designed by Frank Gehry and built by Archimedes GmbH. Construction began in 2001, and it officially opened to the public on May 7, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36704292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704292" title="Mamta (1942 film)">
Mamta (1942 film)

Mamta is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704294" title="The Holy Modal Rounders 2">
The Holy Modal Rounders 2

The Holy Modal Rounders 2 is the second studio album by the folk duo The Holy Modal Rounders, released in 1965 through Prestige Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36704295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704295" title="Jungle Princess">
Jungle Princess

Jungle Princess is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704298" title="Mauj">
Mauj

Mauj is a 1943 Bollywood film directed by Nanabhai Bhatt and Babubhai Mistri, starring 
Fearless Nadia as the lead.

</doc>
<doc id="36704300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704300" title="Aankh Michouli">
Aankh Michouli

Aankh Michouli is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704302" title="Apna Ghar">
Apna Ghar

Apna Ghar is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704303" title="Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's 5000 metres">
Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's 5000 metres

The Men's 5000 metres competition at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico. The event was held at the University Olympic Stadium on October 15–17.
Competition format.
The Men's 5000m competition consisted of three heats (Round 1) and a Final. The top five runners from each heat advanced to the final.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:
Results.
Final.
Notes: 
Q- Qualified by place<br>
DNF - Did Not Finish

</doc>
<doc id="36704304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704304" title="Armaan (1942 film)">
Armaan (1942 film)

Armaan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704305" title="Carlos Motta">
Carlos Motta

Carlos Motta may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36704307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704307" title="Arzoo (1942 film)">
Arzoo (1942 film)

Arzoo is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704312" title="Bahana">
Bahana

Bahana is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704314" title="Barat (film)">
Barat (film)

Barat (film) is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704320" title="Bhakta Kabir">
Bhakta Kabir

Bhakta Kabir is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704323" title="Bharat Milap">
Bharat Milap

Bharat Milap is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
References.
3. ^ Bharat Milap in Ramnagar Varanasi

</doc>
<doc id="36704328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704328" title="Blackout (1942 film)">
Blackout (1942 film)

Blackout is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704330" title="Erie Armory">
Erie Armory

Erie Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1920, and the size doubled with an expansion in 1929. The rectangular building consists of an administration building with attached drill hall in the Colonial Revival style. The building is constructed of brick and features a crenelated parapet. The administration building has a flat roof and drill hall a gable roof. It was designed by noted armory architect Joseph F. Kuntz.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="36704332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704332" title="Bolti Bulbul">
Bolti Bulbul

Bolti Bulbul is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704334" title="Chauranghee">
Chauranghee

Chauranghee is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704336" title="Chudiyan">
Chudiyan

Chudiyan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704339" title="Das Baje">
Das Baje

Das Baje is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704342" title="Dhiraj">
Dhiraj

Dhiraj is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704344" title="Bregje Heinen">
Bregje Heinen

Bregje Heinen (5 March 1993) is a Dutch model.
Early life.
Heinen was born in Borculo, a town in the eastern Netherlands.
Career.
Heinen was discovered in Hyves by a scout for Salva Models. Shortly afterwards, she switched to Micha Models. She has since joined Women Management in Milan, Paris and New York, Select London, Dominique Brussels, UNO Barcelona and Place Hamburg.
She modeled for Replay, Topshop, Karen Millen, Sisley and DKNY. Heinen walked the runway for Donna Karen, Just Cavalli, Prada, Roberto Cavalli, Fendi, Balenciaga and Karl Lagerfeld. Heinen appeared in Maroon 5's music video for "Payphone".
Victoria's Secret.
In 2011, Heinen walked in the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. Alongside Candice Swanepoel and Lais Ribeiro, Heinen then appeared in the commercial for the brand's underwear collection, Body by Victoria. She made her second appearance in the company's fashion show in 2012. In 2013 she was in the Victoria's Secret "multi way" bra commercial.

</doc>
<doc id="36704345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704345" title="Dillagi (1942 film)">
Dillagi (1942 film)

Dillagi is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704351" title="Dukh Sukh">
Dukh Sukh

Dukh Sukh is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704353" title="Duniya Ek Tamasha">
Duniya Ek Tamasha

Duniya Ek Tamasha is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704356" title="England national football team results (1900–29)">
England national football team results (1900–29)

This is a list of the England national football team results from 1900 to 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="36704357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704357" title="Duniya Tumhari Hai">
Duniya Tumhari Hai

Duniya Tumhari Hai is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704359" title="Ek Raat">
Ek Raat

Ek Raat is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
It has a famous song sung by Mukesh, "Aaj Tumse Door Hoke Aise Roya Mera Pyar".

</doc>
<doc id="36704361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704361" title="Fariyaad">
Fariyaad

Fariyaad is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704362" title="Garib (film)">
Garib (film)

Garib (film) is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704366" title="Haso Haso Ai Duniyawallaon">
Haso Haso Ai Duniyawallaon

Haso Haso Ai Duniyawallaon is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704367" title="Homelife">
Homelife

Homelife is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704369" title="Huma Gun Anmogaldi">
Huma Gun Anmogaldi

Huma Gun Anmogaldi is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704370" title="Jawan Ki Pukar">
Jawan Ki Pukar

Jawan Ki Pukar is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704372" title="Jawani">
Jawani

Jawani is a Bollywood film released in 1942. 

</doc>
<doc id="36704375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704375" title="Kalakar">
Kalakar

Kalakar is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704379" title="Tom Eckersley (footballer)">
Tom Eckersley (footballer)

Thomas Scott Eckersley (born 6 December 1991) is an English footballer who currently plays for Northern Premier League Premier Division side Rushall Olympic on loan from Conference National side Tamworth, where he plays as a midfielder.
Playing career.
Bolton Wanderers.
Eckersley joined Bolton Wanderers in 2000, progressing through the academy to sign his first professional contract in the summer of 2010.
Accrington Stanley.
On 30 July 2012, he joined Football League Two side Accrington Stanley on a one-year deal following his release by Bolton Wanderers. His professional debut came on 11 August 2012, in a 1–0 defeat to Carlisle United in the Football League Cup, coming on as a second-half substitute for Aristote Nsiala.
Stockport County (loan).
On 5 October 2012, he joined Stockport County on a one month loan deal. He made his debut for the club the following day as a second-half substitute.
Barrow (loan).
On 8 February 2013, he joined Conference Premier club Barrow on an initial one-month loan deal, Eckersley made one appearance with Barrow, before returning to Accrington Stanley.
Tamworth.
On 21 June 2013, it was confirmed that Tom Eckersley had signed a one-year deal to play for Conference Premier side Tamworth. Eckersley made a quick impression for the Lambs, with 2 goals during the pre-season of 2013–14, in friendlies against Premier League sides Aston Villa and Stoke City.
Rushall Olympic (loan).
On 16 August 2013, Eckersley joined Rushall Olympic on loan.

</doc>
<doc id="36704380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704380" title="Kisise Na Kehna">
Kisise Na Kehna

Kisise Na Kehna is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704385" title="Kiski Biwi">
Kiski Biwi

Kiski Biwi is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704387" title="Mahakavi Kalidas">
Mahakavi Kalidas

Mahakavi Kalidas is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704390" title="Maheman">
Maheman

Maheman is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704395" title="Malan (film)">
Malan (film)

Malan (film) is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704398" title="Mata (1942 film)">
Mata (1942 film)

Mata is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704403" title="Charles François">
Charles François

Charles François may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36704407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704407" title="Emerance Maschmeyer">
Emerance Maschmeyer

Emerance Maschmeyer (born October 5, 1994 in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta) is an ice hockey player for the Under 18 Canadian national women's hockey team.
Playing career.
Maschmeyer was the second female goalie to compete in the Brick Tournament in Edmonton. A meeting was set up at the tournament for her to meet Shannon Szabados and since then, the two have stayed in contact. She played against her brother Brock, who played for the Fort McMurray Oil Barons, and stopped him in a shoot-out. Maschmeyer played two exhibition games during the 2010-11 season with the Lloydminster Bobcats of the AJHL. In an exhibition game versus the Camrose Kodiaks, Maschmeyer posted no goals against and was named game star.
Hockey Canada.
Maschmeyer won a gold medal with Team Alberta at the 2011 Canada Winter Games. In addition, she claimed a gold at the 2009 Alberta Winter Games. She earned a shutout for Team Canada in the gold medal game at the 2012 IIHF World Women's U18 Championship, a 3-0 triumph over the United States.
NCAA.
In March 2012, Maschmeyer committed to play for the Harvard Crimson.
Personal.
Her sister, Brittaney Maschmeyer competed for the St. Lawrence Skating Saints and Syracuse Orange of the NCAA. She also has three brothers, Bronson Maschmeyer from the Kamloops Blazers of the WHL, Brock Maschmeyer, who competes for the Fort McMurray Oil Barons of the AJHL, and Kache Maschmeyer, a bantam hockey player.

</doc>
<doc id="36704410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704410" title="Motorwali">
Motorwali

Motorwali is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704413" title="Muqabala">
Muqabala

Muqabala is a 1942 Bollywood action drama film directed by Batuk Bhatt and Babubhai Mistri. It starred Fearless Nadia, Yakub, Agha, Dalpat, Srinivas and Rajni. Batuk Bhatt started his career as a director by co-directing this film and "Mauj" (1943) and was a name used by Nanabhai Bhatt. The dog Gunboat was also billed in the the credit roll of the film and on the posters. The music of the film was composed by Khan Mastana with lyrics by A. Karim. The story revolves around Nadia who plays a double-role of twin sisters separated at birth, one growing up surrounded by luxury and the other brought up by a gangster as a dancer. The romantic interest was provided by Yakub. 
Plot.
Madhuri and Rani (Baby Madhuri) are twin sisters whose parents, Seth Dinanath and Radha, are shot in front of them by their mother’s rejected suitor Shivnath (Dalpat). The mother dies and the father is kept prisoner by Shivnath who also kidnaps Rani. Madhuri is found wandering by a rich man Rai Bahadur, who takes her home and adopts her. Several years pass and Madhuri (Fearless Nadia) is enjoying her life in luxury. She has a dog called Gunboat who accompanies her everywhere. She finds out about her parents and sees Rani dance at a nightclub. She vows vengeance and soon the sisters along with two friends (Yakub and Agha) fight their way to the gangster and free their father.
Soundtrack.
Khan Mastana also known as Hafeez Khan Mastana acted in the film and composed the music, with lyrics written by A. Karim. The songs were sung by Yakub, Srinivas, Rajni, Nazira, Khan Mastana and Agha.

</doc>
<doc id="36704415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704415" title="My Village">
My Village

My Village is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704417" title="Nai Duniya">
Nai Duniya

Nai Duniya is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704420" title="Reuben Richard Figuhr">
Reuben Richard Figuhr

Reuben Richard Figuhr was the 15th President of the Seventh-day Adventist Church General Conference . He was born in Superior, Wisconsin, USA October 20, 1896. He served as Adventist President between 1954 and 1966. He married May Belle Holt. Figuhr died in Napa, California on October 28, 1983.
Biography.
Reuben Richard Figuhr was born of Prussian descent on October 20, 1896, in Wisconsin. He served in the Philipines and then as the president of the South American Division, and then at the age of 58, just a year before the evangelical conferences, Figuhr became president of the General Conference (1954–1966). He became embroiled in a controvery over the publishing of Questions on Doctrine which became the centerpiece event of his administration. At times he was frustrated by how far Le Roy Edwin Froom and M. L. Anderson were going into the debate over the book. But he stood behind it.
He married May Belle Holt. Figuhr died in Napa, California on October 28, 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="36704421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704421" title="Nari (1942 film)">
Nari (1942 film)

Nari is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704422" title="No Path Through Fire">
No Path Through Fire

No Path Through Fire (, translit. V ogne broda net) is a 1968 Soviet drama film directed by Gleb Panfilov. The film won the Golden Leopard at the Locarno International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="36704425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704425" title="Ignacio Berriochoa">
Ignacio Berriochoa

Ignacio Ygnatil Berriochoa (July 31, 1865 - May 17, 1949) was a skilled stonemason in Lincoln County, Idaho. He was born in the Basque region of Spain and moved to Idaho in 1904. He lived in Shoshone, Idaho from 1910 to 1949 where he was a farmer and sheepman. A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Works include:

</doc>
<doc id="36704426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704426" title="Nazrana (1942 film)">
Nazrana (1942 film)

Nazrana is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704429" title="Raja Rani (1942 film)">
Raja Rani (1942 film)

Raja Rani is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704433" title="Return of Toofan Mail">
Return of Toofan Mail

Return of Toofan Mail is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704434" title="Sachcha Sapna">
Sachcha Sapna

Sachcha Sapna is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704436" title="Corry Armory">
Corry Armory

Erie Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1906, and is a "T"-shaped brick building in the Romanesque style. It consists of a three-story, flat roofed administration building, with an attached two-story, gambrel roofed drill hall. It sits on a stone foundation and features brick buttresses with corbeled cornices, slightly raised parapets, and entrance with segmented stone arch.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="36704438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704438" title="Savera">
Savera

Savera is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704442" title="Sewa (film)">
Sewa (film)

Sewa (film) is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704445" title="Sharda (film)">
Sharda (film)

Sharda is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704450" title="Sheikh Chilli">
Sheikh Chilli

Sheikh Chilli is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704451" title="Suhagan">
Suhagan

Suhagan is a 1942 Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704454" title="Sukhi Jeevan">
Sukhi Jeevan

Sukhi Jeevan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704456" title="Swaminath">
Swaminath

Swaminath is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704459" title="Swapna (1942 film)">
Swapna (1942 film)

Swapna is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704461" title="Tamanna (1942 film)">
Tamanna (1942 film)

Tamanna is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704463" title="Vasil Panayotov">
Vasil Panayotov

Vasil Panayotov (; born 16 July 1990) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Ayia Napa in Cyprus. Panayotov primarily plays as a centre midfielder.
Career.
Panayotov began his career at Levski Sofia, but he never made a first team appearance. However he played regularly for the club with the under-19s. Panayotov went on loan to B PFG side Volov Shumen at the start of the 2009–10 season.
In June 2010 he moved to Pirin Gotse Delchev. He scored once in 16 appearances, before moving to Bansko in January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36704465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704465" title="Ulti Ganga">
Ulti Ganga

Ulti Ganga is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704466" title="Vasantsena (1942 film)">
Vasantsena (1942 film)

Vasantsena is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704468" title="Vijay (1942 film)">
Vijay (1942 film)

Vijay is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704473" title="Zevar">
Zevar

Zevar is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36704479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704479" title="Alina Simone">
Alina Simone

Alina Simone (born Alina Vilenkin) is an American musician and writer. She is best known for her original songwriting, her album of cover songs by Russian punk poet Yanka Dyagileva, and her collection of autobiographical essays "You Must Go And Win". She also blogs for The New York Times.
Early life.
Simone was born in Kharkov, then part of the Soviet Union, now Ukraine. She came to the United States at a young age as the daughter of political refugees (her father was blacklisted for 'refusal to cooperate' after resisting recruitment into the KGB). She was raised in Massachusetts where she attended art school, focusing on photography.
Career.
After graduating, she moved to Austin, Texas where she began busking in doorways, performing her own songs. Her debut ep, Prettier in the Dark, was released in 2005, followed by an LP, Placelessness in 2007. Simone relocated to Brooklyn, and in 2008 released "Everyone is Crying Out to Me, Beware", a collection of songs by the late Russian singer-songwriter, Yanka Dyagileva. This was followed by the dual 2011 releases of another collection of Simone's own songs, "Make Your Own Danger", and her first book, "You Must Go and Win". She is also the author of the novel "Note to Self" to be released in June 2013.
Critical response.
Simone's recordings reached a new level of prominence with "Everyone is Crying Out to Me, Beware". Most response was positive. "Spin" magazine called it "a strange, hypnotic celebration of a defiant soul. (7/10)". 
"You Must Go And Win", Simone's first book, was likewise well received, with Kirkus Review calling it "vibrant, taut and humorous" and Publishers Weekly saying "Simone ably juggles the philosophical and the comical, her genuine enthusiasm for arcane subject matter as contagious as the fleas in her long ago apartment."

</doc>
<doc id="36704480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704480" title="Tamás Kovács (athlete)">
Tamás Kovács (athlete)

Tamás Kovács (born 18 September 1983 in Hódmezővásárhely) is a Hungarian long-distance runner. He competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 72nd with a time of 2:27:48.
Kovacs has a career best of 2:14:23 in the marathon, which he set in Italy in 2011. He has also run under 1:04 twice in the half marathon.
Kovacs attended High Point University in North Carolina, USA, where he competed in cross country and track & field from 2005-08. He set HPU records in the 3,000-meter, 5,000-meter and 10,000-meter and was 2008 Big South Conference champion in the 10,000-meter.

</doc>
<doc id="36704482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704482" title="River Orrin">
River Orrin

The River Orrin is a river in former Ross-shire, Highland, northern Scotland. The River Orrin is dammed in Glen Orrin making the Orrin Reservoir. It later forms the Falls of Orrin, is joined by the tributary "Allt Goibhre", and then enters the River Conon near Urray shortly before it flows past Conon Bridge into the Cromarty Firth. 
The river gives its name to the aircraft in the 1985 British Airtours Flight 28M accident in which 55 passengers and crew perished at Manchester Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="36704483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704483" title="Viva la Mexico">
Viva la Mexico

"Viva La Mexico" is the season premiere of the second season of the American television drama series "Hell on Wheels", which aired on August 12, 2012 on AMC. The eleventh episode of the series is written by Tony Gayton and Joe Gayton, and directed by David Von Ancken. In the episode, on the run for his crimes, Cullen Bohannon (Anson Mount) robs trains with a group of ex-Confederate soldiers, while Lily Bell (Dominique McElligott) and Thomas Durant (Colm Meaney) continue the Union Pacific Railroad's westward progress.
Plot.
A band of masked robbers hijacks Thomas Durant's payroll train, though a guard shoots one of them in the shoulder. The wounded bandit takes off his mask as he flees to reveal it is Cullen Bohannon. Later, Hawkins (Ryan Robbins), leader of the robbers, gives him his cut of the stolen money. Cullen insists they save their money to start a Confederate colony in Mexico, but Hawkins thinks the men should celebrate their victory and rob more trains. Doc Whitehead (Grainger Hines), an old friend of Cullen's, extracts a bullet fragment from Cullen's shoulder and apologizes for involving him in the gang. The train robbers later drink at a trading post, where a pair of former Union soldiers provoke Cullen into a fight after their comments about Southerners.
At the railway office, Lily tells Durant that railroad construction has been slow and complains about the foreman. Elam (Common) informs Durant that the payroll train was robbed again. Outside, Durant speaks with the Swede (Christopher Heyerdahl), who is tending his wagon. The Swede offers to help restore order in town, but Durant thinks he should continue his new jobs as undertaker and custodian, having been tarred and feathered by the citizens of Hell on Wheels when he was in charge of security.
Nell (April Telek) finds one of the prostitutes murdered in bed, and a crowd watches silently as the Swede loads the body onto his wagon. Durant tells Lily about the murdered woman, a first for Hell on Wheels, and Lily insists they find and punish the killer, but Durant doesn't care, as she was a whore. Lily later gives the Swede money to ensure the dead woman receives a proper burial.
Spying on another train, Cullen recognizes Elam as the guard, then demands to be the first man on the train. As the bandits rob passengers on the train, Cullen barges into the payroll car and orders Elam to hand over the money, explaining that he is saving Elam's life. He refuses, and Cullen urges the robbers off the train, saying Elam overpowered him. Cullen urges the bandits to head straight to Mexico, but Hawkins wants to rob one more train and questions Cullen's motives. Cullen relents and agrees with Hawkins.
Durant chastises Elam for letting Cullen live, but Elam points out he was hired to only protect the payroll. He then offers to help get Hell on Wheels back on track, but Durant hesitates, on account of Elam's race, but says he will consider it. At the brothel, Nell strikes a protection deal with Sean McGinnes (Ben Esler) for 10% of her profits. He later tells Mickey (Phil Burke) she agreed on the condition that they kill the whore's murderer. Standing at the edge of a river, Lily tells Durant that the Sioux tribe considers the land on the other side sacred and her husband Robert wanted to avoid it. Durant disregards her, says the Sioux will be the least of their troubles if they do not get the railroad under control.
Doc urges Cullen to forgo the heist and leave, saying the others are unhappy with him. Later, as the men rob the train, Cullen points his gun at one who is terrorizing a mother and child. The bandit knocks out a distracted Cullen, who wakes to find himself in a prison wagon, where he jokes with Schmidt (Brian Jensen), a fellow prisoner. Later, from his jail cell, Cullen watches a firing squad kill Schmidt, knowing he could be next.
Reception.
Ratings.
"Viva La Mexico" was watched by 2.45 million viewers and received a 0.6 rating among viewers aged 18-49.
Critical reception.
The episode received fairly-positive reviews. "The A.V. Club"s Alasdair Wilkins gave the episode a B- grade, which was "somewhat provisional, my way of splitting the difference between all the problems of last season and the potential I still think the show has. This episode could look a lot better or a lot worse in retrospect, depending on how things proceed from here." Alan Sepinwall of HitFix also gave the episode a B- grade, calling it "a solid, meat-and-potatoes example of a genre (Westerns)". However, he added that while the cinematography was "beautiful to look at", most of the characters were "still thin and unengaging, even in their new stations." Their stories, he stated, "seem to be moving in circles, even as the railroad itself keeps moving forward." TV Fanatic's Sean McKenna rated the episode with 4 out of 5 stars, saying, "Maybe it wasn't a jaw dropping premiere or switched things up in a wild way, but it was engaging nonetheless and started off with plenty of promise, potential and pure Western fun."

</doc>
<doc id="36704484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704484" title="Bhattadeva">
Bhattadeva

Bhattadeva (; 1558-1638) Bhagavata Bhattacharya (in Assamese: বৈকুণ্ঠনাথ ভাগৱত ভট্টাচাৰ্য্য) is acknowledged as the father of Assamese prose. Though "Bhaktiratnakar-katha", the Assamese translation of Sankardev's Sanskrit composition "Bhaktiratnakar" by Gopala Charana Dwija preceded the works of Bhattadeva, Bhattadeva's prose had an influence in the development of a high and dignified style. Bhattadeva's and Gopala Charana Dvija's 16th century works are considered to be the earliest examples of prose in Indian languages. Bhattadeva's erudition in Sanskrit grammar and literature, and his command over the Bhagavata earned him the title of "Bhagavata Bhattacharya".
Biography.
Bhattadeva was born to Chandra Bharati and Tara Devi in a Brahmin family of Bheragoan, Barpeta, Kamrup. After finishing his education he became a disciple of Damodaradeva and succeeded him as the head of Patbausi satra at Barpeta. He established the Byasakuchi sattra some time later where he died. He is best known for "Katha Bhagavat" and "Katha Gita", though some minor works like Saranamalika and Prasangamala are also ascribed to him.
Work.
Bhattadeva began translating the Sanskrit Bhagavata into Assamese prose at the bidding of Damodaradeva, who wanted it to be accessible to the common man. He rendered "Katha Bhagavata" in a discursive style that is dignified and balanced. He maintains the same sense of dialogue in the "Katha Gita". Though he uses short sentences, popular vocabulary and the expressive cadence of the colloquial, he uses Sanskrit vocables heavily and his language is an elevated one. After completing the Bhagavata and the Gita, he rendered the Bhaktiratnavali into elegant prose. He also compiled a book of devotional verses in Sanskrit gleaned from the Upanishads, Puranas and Samhitas illustrating all the elements of Bhakti. The work, Bhakti-Viveka reveals extensive knowledge and erudition of Bhattadeva, from the vedic to the puranic literature. Bhattadeva's contributions are not confined to prose literature, he wrote poetry also.

</doc>
<doc id="36704486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704486" title="San Francesco delle Monache">
San Francesco delle Monache

San Francesco delle Monache is a Baroque-style church located in via Santa Chiara, in Naples, Italy. 
A church at the site was first constructed for the monks of St. Clare in the 14th century by Robert of Anjou. The initial structure was attributed to Masuccio II, but further reconstructions proceeded in 1646 and 1750. The architects Bartolomeo Vecchione and Crescenzo Torchese were involved in the latter reconstructions, including the Facade. Suppressed in 1805, the Complex has recently become a school. Torchese completed the interior polychrome marble decorations of the church. The church now hosts the "Domus Ars" Cultural center.

</doc>
<doc id="36704495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704495" title="Joey Brock">
Joey Brock

Joey Brock (born 20 September 1988 in Arnhem) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a left Back. He is currently without a club. Brock formerly played for NEC, RBC Roosendaal, FC Den Bosch and Helmond Sport.

</doc>
<doc id="36704501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704501" title="University Club of Washington, DC">
University Club of Washington, DC

The University Club of Washington, DC, is an American private club in downtown Washington, D.C., United States. Established in 1904 simply as the University Club, its first president was then Secretary of War and future United States President William Howard Taft. In 1936, it merged with the Racquet Club of Washington, and moved to its current location at 1135 Sixteenth Street NW, approximately three blocks north of the White House.
Reciprocity.
The Club has reciprocal agreements for its members with approximately 200 other athletic, country, and city clubs around the United States and the world.
Athletics.
The Club contains a e health and fitness center including two international squash courts where it hosts the annual Mosquito Open. The Tewaaraton Award was founded at the Club in 2000 and is presented annually to the NCAA Lacrosse player of the year.
Notable members.
Notable past and current Club members include former Speaker of the House Tip O'Neill, former President Richard Nixon, numerous Supreme Court Justices, former Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge, and former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld.

</doc>
<doc id="36704512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704512" title="Craig Snyder">
Craig Snyder

Craig Snyder may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36704522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704522" title="Maarten Boddaert">
Maarten Boddaert

Maarten Boddaert (born 12 September 1989 in Roosendaal) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for FC Den Bosch in the Dutch Eerste Divisie. He formerly played for RBC Roosendaal.

</doc>
<doc id="36704524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704524" title="Henry Hussey (died 1557)">
Henry Hussey (died 1557)

Sir Henry Hussey (died 1557), was an English politician.
Hussey was a Member of the Parliament of England for New Shoreham in 1547, Lewes October 1553, Gatton in 1555, and Horsham in March 1553.

</doc>
<doc id="36704527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704527" title="The Holy Modal Rounders (album)">
The Holy Modal Rounders (album)

The Holy Modal Rounders is the debut album of the folk duo The Holy Modal Rounders, released in 1964 through Prestige Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36704538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704538" title="Parigi-Lisbona">
Parigi-Lisbona

Parigi-Lisbona is a live album by Italian Jazz fusion band Area released in 1996 and recorded in 1976 in Paris and Lisbon, while the band was supporting their third album "Crac!". In the Paris section of the CD, Demetrio Stratos announces himself the songs in French, and even sings "La Mela di Odessa" as "La Pomme de Odessa". Just like the other phostmous release "Concerto Teatro Uomo", "Parigi-Lisbona" received some critics due to the sound quality of the recordings, and due to the fact that some tracks contain edits. This album in 2002 was repackaged with other phostomous live album "Concerto Teatro Uomo" on the boxset "Live Concerts Box". This second version contains two bonus tracks (not taken from either concert).
Track listing.
Bonus tracks on the "Live Concerts Box".
Tracks 1-4 from Paris, 5-9 from Lisbon

</doc>
<doc id="36704540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704540" title="Lilika">
Lilika

Lilika () is a 1970 Yugoslavian drama film directed by Branko Plesa. The film won the Golden Leopard at the Locarno International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="36704546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704546" title="Henry Hussey (fl.1529)">
Henry Hussey (fl.1529)

Henry Hussey (by 1495-1541/1544), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Horsham in 1529.

</doc>
<doc id="36704562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704562" title="Charlotte Mandell">
Charlotte Mandell

Charlotte Mandell (born 1968) is an American literary translator. She has translated many works of poetry, fiction and philosophy from French to English, including work by Honoré de Balzac, Gustave Flaubert, Jules Verne, Guy de Maupassant, Marcel Proust, Maurice Blanchot, Antoine de Baecque, Abdelwahab Meddeb, Bernard-Henri Lévy, Jean-Luc Nancy and Jonathan Littell.
Life.
Charlotte Mandell was born in Hartford, Connecticut in 1968, the child of two academics. She was educated at Boston Latin High School, Université de Paris III, and Bard College, where she studied French literature and film theory. She is married to the poet Robert Kelly.

</doc>
<doc id="36704563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704563" title="Ryan Edwards (English footballer)">
Ryan Edwards (English footballer)

Ryan Christopher Edwards (born 7 October 1993) is an English professional footballer who plays as a Defender for Morecambe.
Career.
Blackburn Rovers.
Born in Liverpool, Merseyside, Edwards started a two-year scholarship with Blackburn Rovers in 2010. He was captain of the Blackburn squad that reached the final of the 2011–12 FA Youth Cup. In May 2012, Edwards signed his first professional contract on a two-year deal.
Morecambe.
After a successful loan spell at the Globe Arena towards the end of the 2013-14 season, Edwards signed on a two year deal after being released by Blackburn Rovers on 19th May 2014.
Loan moves.
On 2 July 2012, Edwards joined League Two side Rochdale on a six-month loan, where he made twenty-six league appearances. On 21 February 2013, Edwards joined Fleetwood Town on a one-month loan.
On 24 July 2013, Edwards joined Chesterfield on a one-month loan deal. On 28 November 2013, Edwards joined Tranmere Rovers on loan until 29 December 2013.
On 21 March 2014, Edwards joined League Two side Morecambe on a one-month youth loan. On 24 April 2014, Edwards extended his loan stay with the "Shrimps" until the end of the 2013–14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36704578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704578" title="Boston Store (Erie, Pennsylvania)">
Boston Store (Erie, Pennsylvania)

The Boston Store is a former department store located at and State Street in downtown Erie in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. The store itself was founded in 1885, with the building being constructed in 1929. At its peak, two other Boston Stores were opened, in addition to the downtown store. The Boston Store was closed in 1979. The building remained abandoned until 1988, when it was renovated into a combination apartment and commercial building, and was renamed Boston Store Place. The Boston Store was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
Design.
The Boston Store is located between 7th and 8th Streets on State Street in downtown Erie. The six-story tall, buff brick building is predominantly cubical with a frontage of along State Street. The facade is divided into eight bays by brick piers.; the bays are further subdivided by secondary piers. The top of the building is capped with parapet, with piers extending above it and topped with stone coping. Vertical panels containing blue and tan terracotta are inset in the parapets of each bay. The bay containing the main entrance is off-centered and wider than the others; instead of a parapet, it is capped with a balcony-like structure inlaid with terracotta.
The "signature exterior feature of the Boston Store" is the four sided, bell and clock tower situated over the main entrance. It is supported by four tiers of buttresses, each decreasing in size and capped with beveled limestone. The design of the clock tower "recalls religious, civic, and collegiate themes, and became an instant landmark on the Erie skyline." Each of the four clock faces are in diameter and have "black metal Roman numerals a background of white translucent glass panels". Terra-cotta circles are inlaid across the top of the tower and "above the last step of the buttresses". The lower section of the tower houses the bell behind a geometric tracery.
A hallway running from State Street to Peach Street entrances bisects the Boston Store. A cube-shaped, four-sided clock built by International Business Machines hangs in the hallway.
Lettering on the marquees denote the building as the and . For a short time in early 2011, the signs were replaced with ones for University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, before public sentiment forced the switch back. Additions made to the building provided entrances on Peach and 8th Streets. The store did have an annex with an entrance on 7th Street, but that has since been demolished.
History.
The Boston Store was founded in 1885 when Elisha H. Mack bought the bankrupt Erie Dry Goods Store. Mack renamed the store after Boston, Massachusetts, then the "perceived...center of fashion and culture." The store was moved from its original location on Peach Street to the 700-block of State Street in 1886. From 1886 to 1930, the Boston Store expanded, purchasing more of the property on its block. By the late 1920s, the store had managed to acquired frontage on all four surrounding streets—Peach, State, 7th and 8th. Mack retired in 1925, shortly after his longtime business partner died.
In 1929, a new Boston Store was designed by the Erie-architectural firm Shutts & Morrison. The new store was completed in 1931 and was estimated to have cost $2 million. From 1949 to 1953, renovations and expansion of the Boston Store were carried out by the local architectural firm Myers & Krider. The three-story portion of the Boston Store facing Peach Street was raised to six in 1949; the three-story structure on 8th Street was demolished and replaced with a five-story one the next year. Escalators were installed on first through fifth floors in 1953.
The Boston Store was bought by Associated Dry Goods in 1959. Management of the Boston Store was assumed by Horne's department store of Pittsburgh in December 1975. Because of the loss of sales caused by competition from the Millcreek Mall in nearby Millcreek Township, the Boston Store was closed on July 7, 1979.
Current Use.
The Boston Store was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 24, 1996. The upper five floors were renovated into 125 apartments. The radio stations WFNN, WJET, WRKT, and WRTS broadcast from the building. A restaurant was opened on September 22, 2008 on the ground floor of the Boston Store, but closed in December 2013. UPMC Health Plan moved into a space on the first floor in early 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36704582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704582" title="Austroraphidia">
Austroraphidia

Austroraphidia is an extinct genus of snakefly in the family of Baissopteridae. "Austroraphidia" fossils were described by Willmann in 1994. The genus was later described by Michael S. Engel in 2002. It has five sister taxa; Baissoptera, Cretinocellia, Cretoraphidia, Cretoraphidiopsis and Lugala. Its fossils were found at the Crato MNHN collection in Brazil, often known as the Cretaceous of Brazil. It contains one species, the extinct Austroraphidia brasiliensis, which was described by Nel et al. in 1990. Its average body length is , the forewing is and the hindwing is .

</doc>
<doc id="36704583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704583" title="John Morley (died 1565)">
John Morley (died 1565)

John Morley (by 1530-1565), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lewes in November 1554.

</doc>
<doc id="36704607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704607" title="John Gage (died 1598)">
John Gage (died 1598)

John Gage (by 1537-1598), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lewes in 1558.

</doc>
<doc id="36704610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704610" title="Capture of Owerri">
Capture of Owerri

The Capture of Owerri, (October 15, 1968 – April 25, 1969), was a military conflict between Nigerian and Biafran forces. The capture was a major victory for the Biafrans because the victory opened up telephone lines, enhanced road telecommunications, and showed that with stiff resistance, Biafra could defeat Nigerian forces.
Prelude.
In July 1968, the Nigerian General and commander of the 3rd Marine Division Benjamin Adekunle began making plans for an invasion of Aba, Owerri, and Umuahia in a military operation he nicknamed Operation OAU. Adekunle stated that he would be able to capture all three cities in two weeks. Adekunle's strategy was to surround a city and starve it into submission before attacking its weakened defenders. After 12 days of violent fighting in Aba, the 3rd Marine Division managed to capture the city on September 14, followed by Owerri on September 16. When the 3rd Marine Division was pushed back at Umuahia, the Nigerians retreated to Owerri, where they set up defenses in and around the city. The Biafrans made their way down the Aba-Umuahia road and managed to capture the entire road along with Aba on October 15.
Battle.
On October 15, 1968, while Nigerian President Yakubu Gowon was distracted by the anti-tax riots in the west, the Biafran Brigadier Alexander Madiebo encircled Owerri while a unit of Biafran soldiers attacked Nigerian supply convoys attempting to enter the city. The Biafrans were assisted by heavy rain and mud which slowed down supply convoys even further. On December 3, the Biafran 14th Division under Col. Ogbugo Kalu and 63rd Brigade under Col. Lambert Ihenacho moved towards Owerri, capturing the villages of Eziama and Elelem. On December 5, the Biafran 60th Brigade under Col. Azum Asoya began the main assault on Owerri, in which over 50,000 rounds of ammunition, 300 mortars, 200 howitzer shells, and 20 anti-tank weapons were fired. The assault lasted for two days but the 3,000-man Nigerian 16th Division under Col. E. A. Etuk stayed in their original position, while suffering heavy casualties. The Biafran 68th Battalion under Major Ikeji gained control of a stretch of the Port Harcourt road from Owerri to the Otamiri River, establishing a link with the 63rd Brigade. On December 19, the 16th Division regrouped its soldiers and captured the town of Abiaka, followed by Avu and Afrola on December 29. On January 6, 1969, the Biafran 60th Brigade captured Umuakpu, Umuagwo, and Omanelu while the Biafran 68th Battalion under Major Ikeji seized Obinze; the 68th Battalion attempted to capture Avu but were beaten back by the Nigerian 16th Brigade. By the end of the day, the Biafrans controlled much of the Port Harcourt road and began planting mines, digging ditches, and laying trees across it in an attempt to block any Nigerian reinforcements from entering Owerri. On January 15, the Biafran 60th Brigade attacked Owerri and were able to force the 16th Division to retreat across the Otamini Bridge. Instead of pursuing the retreating Nigerians, the hungry and half-naked Biafran soldiers discovered the Nigerians' food and clothing supplies and decided to have their fill. The Nigerian 16th Brigade was able to regroup and made a counter-attack across the Otamini Bridge, causing the Biafrans to retreat. On January 24, the Nigerian government renewed its offensive and began bombing Biafran positions in the area. After five days of continuous air strikes, the Biafrans remained in their original positions; the Nigerian government knew that Owerri was encircled and they couldn't do anything about it. On February 7, both the Nigerian Air Force and Egyptian mercenaries bombed out and completely destroyed the villages of Umohiagu and Ozu Abam, which prompted accusations of deliberately targeting civilians. The government ordered the Nigerian Air Force to avoid civilian targets but they disregarded this request and continued to bomb towns and Red Cross shelters. In late February, President Gowon visited the 16th Brigade in Owerri and attempted to encourage them to keep fighting until re-enforcements could be sent. On March 14, Nigerian troops attempted to capture the Omanelu-Umuakpu and Elele-Ubimini-Awarra roads but were beaten back by defending Biafran soldiers, leaving them isolated and short of food. On March 15, the Biafran S Division under General Timothy Onwuatuegwu made a frontal assault on the 16th Brigade but was forced to halt after suffering heavy casualties. General Onwuatuegwu placed half of his men under the command of Major Joseph Achuzie and were able to get within 1 km of the city. Major Achuzie demanded total control of the S Division but was refused by Onwuatuegwu and the two men almost shot each other after drawing their guns. President Ojukwu stepped in and gave Major Achuzie control of the S Division for one week, continuing the frontal assault on Owerri. Achuzie's plan ultimately failed and he retreated after suffering heavy casualties, Ojukwu then immediately restored Onwuatuegwu as commander and began drawing up new plans for invading Owerri. On March 31, the Biafran 14th Division under Ogbugo Kalu attacked Owerri and secured control over 70% of the city. Biafran soldiers began intercepting radio waves that revealed the 16th Brigade was going to execute all Biafran POWs due to a lack of food. The Swedish pilot Carl Gustaf von Rosen and his "Biafra Babies" fighter squadron, consisting of six MFI-9 Junior fighters, constantly hounded Nigerian air drops, making Nigerian food supplies scarce. On April 24, the remaining 300 soldiers of the Nigerian 16th Division began fighting their way out of Owerri and escaped into Nigerian held territory on April 25.
Aftermath.
Two days before Owerri's capture, the Biafran capital, Umuahia, fell to Gen. Mohammed Shuwa's 1st Division and the capital was moved to Aba. Once Owerri was retaken, the Biafran capital was once again moved, now to Owerri. The Biafrans held on to Owerri for over eight months until the Nigerian 3rd Marine Division, under Gen. Olusegun Obasanjo, attacked and occupied the city on January 7, 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="36704613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704613" title="Mujo (film)">
Mujo (film)


</doc>
<doc id="36704614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704614" title="Eddie Palmer">
Eddie Palmer

Eddie Palmer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36704617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704617" title="Hardy–Littlewood inequality">
Hardy–Littlewood inequality

In mathematical analysis, the Hardy–Littlewood inequality, named after G. H. Hardy and John Edensor Littlewood, states that if "f" and "g" are nonnegative measurable real functions vanishing at infinity that are defined on "n"-dimensional Euclidean space R"n" then
where "f"* and "g"* are the symmetric decreasing rearrangements of "f"("x") and "g"("x"), respectively.
Proof.
From layer cake representation we have:
where formula_4 denotes the indicator function of the subset "E" "f" given by
Analogously, formula_6 denotes the indicator function of the subset "E" "g" given by

</doc>
<doc id="36704624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704624" title="William Peterson (MP)">
William Peterson (MP)

William Peterson (by 1517–1578), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lewes in 1558.

</doc>
<doc id="36704637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704637" title="George Goring (died 1594)">
George Goring (died 1594)

George Goring (after 1522-1594), was an English politician.
He was the second son of Sir William Goring of Burton, Sussex.
He was appointed High Sheriff of Surrey and Sussex for 1578–79.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lewes in 1559 and 1563.
He was appointed receiver-general of the Court of Wards for life on 3 July 1584. He builr Pelham House in Lewes and purchased a number of manors, including Danny Park, elsewhere in Sussex.
He married Mary, the daughter and coheiress of William Everard, and the widow of Richard Bellingham, with whom he had 2 sons and 2 daughters.
His second son George was also MP for Lewes.

</doc>
<doc id="36704643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704643" title="Cambus, Clackmannanshire">
Cambus, Clackmannanshire

Cambus is a village near Alloa, Clackmannanshire. It is located to the south of Tullibody, to the northwest of Alloa, and about 4 miles east of Stirling, across the river. It lies on the River Devon, near its confluence with the River Forth. 
Distillery.
A whisky distillery was founded in Cambus in 1806.It or another was re-established by John Mowbray in 1813 or perhaps 1836. In 1877 ownership was merged into the Distillers Company. The distillery was closed down in 1993.
The Cambus Iron Bridge over the Devon was constructed in the early 19th century to span the River Devon and link with the distillery founded in 1806. It is a Category A listed building and a Scheduled Ancient Monument.
Rail connections.
From the early 1850s until 1968 Cambus was served by passenger trains of the Stirling and Dunfermline Railway. The station was to the west of the level crossing on the road into the village, and had a large signal box, which controlled two level crossings, the junction with the line to Menstrie and Alva, and access to sidings in the brewery and distillery. The line was re-opened in 2008 as part of the Stirling-Alloa-Kincardine rail link. The new railway has a passing loop to the east of the road into Cambus village, but no station at this point in time.

</doc>
<doc id="36704644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704644" title="Edwin Rodríguez">
Edwin Rodríguez

Edwin Rodríguez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36704649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704649" title="George Goring (died 1602)">
George Goring (died 1602)

George Goring (died 1602), was an English politician.
He was the second son of George Goring of Ovingdean, Lewes, Sussex
He became a Gentleman pensioner in 1578. He was elected a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lewes in 1593 and 1601.
He married Anne, the daughter of Henry Denny of Waltham Abbey, Essex; they had 5 sons and 4 daughters. His son George was created Earl of Norwich.

</doc>
<doc id="36704650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704650" title="List of computing schools in Pakistan">
List of computing schools in Pakistan

This is a list of computing schools in Pakistan, registered with National Computing Education Accreditation Council (NCEAC) And/or Higher Education Commission of Pakistan (HEC).

</doc>
<doc id="36704659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704659" title="William Cantrell (disambiguation)">
William Cantrell (disambiguation)

William Cantrell was a racer.
William Cantrell may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36704663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704663" title="Herbert Kennedy">
Herbert Kennedy

Herbert Brownlow Kennedy (26 May 1863 - 28 May 1939) was Dean of Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin from 1921 to 1938.
Kennedy was the son of the Very Reverend T. Le Ban Kennedy, Dean of Clogher from 1874 to 1887. He was educated at The Royal School, Armagh and Trinity College, Dublin. After being a curate at St Ann’s Dublin he was an incumbent at Holywood, Naas, St Andrew’s Dublin and Kingstown
before his appointment as dean.

</doc>
<doc id="36704665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704665" title="William Cantrell (MP)">
William Cantrell (MP)

William Cantrell (died 1585), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lewes in 1563.

</doc>
<doc id="36704667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704667" title="Three Chords and a Cloud of Dust II">
Three Chords and a Cloud of Dust II

Three Chords and a Cloud of Dust II is a live album by Watershed. The title stems from their original Epic Records live release "Three Chords and a Cloud of Dust"; both recordings were done at the Newport Music Hall in Columbus, Ohio. 
"Three Chords and a Cloud of Dust II" is the last Watershed album to feature Mark "Poochie" Borror. The opening track features Brian Phillips of CD102.5 (WWCD), Columbus's alternative rock station.
The album was recorded at the 2006 Hate Michigan Rally, after initial recordings were set aside. It was released in the summer of 2007 with CD release party at the Lifestyles Community Pavilion.
The winter 2008 tour to support "Three Chords and a Cloud of Dust II" serves as the starting point for bassist Joe Oestreich's memoir, "Hitless Wonder: A Life in Minor League Rock and Roll", released by Lyons Press in June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36704673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704673" title="List of Ryder Cup matches">
List of Ryder Cup matches

The Ryder Cup is a golf competition contested by teams from Europe and the United States. The competition was originally contested between Great Britain and the United States, Republic of Ireland golfers first played in the British team in 1953 and this was extended to European golfers in 1979. Established in 1927, the competition is jointly administered by the Professional Golfers' Association of America (PGA of America) and the PGA European Tour. The competition takes place every two years, with the exception of 2001 when the match was played a year later due to the 11 September attacks; the venue alternates between courses in Europe and the United States. The winners of the first match were the United States, who defeated Great Britain at Worcester Country Club 9½–2½. The most recent match, held at Medinah Country Club on Course No. 3, was won by Europe, who beat the United States by 14½–13½. The next match is scheduled to take place at Gleneagles Hotel on the PGA Centenary Course in 2014.
The Ryder Cup is contested in a match play format, which involves different methods of the format. A foursomes match is contested with two members from each team playing alternate shots. A fourball match consists of two players from either team, who each play their own shot throughout the round. The player that completes the hole in the lowest number of shots wins the hole. Singles matches are also played, with players from each team contesting a one-on-one match. The winner of each match scores a point for their team, if a match is tied after 18 holes then each team is awarded a ½ point. The format of the competition has changed throughout its history. Originally, foursome matches were played one day, with singles matches over 36 holes the next. Since 1979, the format has consisted of 28 matches held over three days, with each match worth a point. The first two days consist of eight matches; four foursomes and four fourball matches. The final day sees all 12 members of each team competing in singles matches.
The United States are the most successful team in the history of the competition; they have won 25 of the 39 matches that have been contested, 18 of which were before 1979, when the competition was contested between Great Britain and Ireland and the United States. In the 17 matches since the inclusion of European golfers, Europe has won nine, the United States seven, with one match tied.
History.
The first Ryder Cup match was contested in June 1927. The competition held at Worcester Country Club was won 9½–2½ by the United States. British captain Ted Ray cited the Americans' "superior putting" as the reason for their victory. Great Britain improved for the 1929 competition, winning 7–5 at Moortown Golf Club. However, they were unable to replicate this performance in 1931. In 100 degree heat and missing a number of their best players, they were unable to match the Americans at the Scioto Country Club and lost 9–3. The 1933 contest at the Southport and Ainsdale Golf Club was a closer affair than previous matches. It came down to the final match between Syd Easterbrook and Denny Shute. The American Shute had a putt to win the competition, but missed two in succession leaving Easterbrook with a putt to win the contest, which he made to secure a 6½–5½ victory for the British team. The United States regained the Cup in 1935, when they beat Great Britain 9–3 at Ridgewood Country Club. They became the first team to win the competition outside of their own country in 1937 when they beat the British team 8–4 at Southport and Ainsdale Golf Club.
The advent of the Second World War meant the Ryder Cup was not contested again until 1947 at Portland Golf Club. The United States dominated the match in wet conditions, as Great Britain scored one point in an 11–1 defeat. The 1949 match was closer than the previous contest. Great Britain went into the final day with a 3–1 lead, but they were unable to secure the three and a half points they needed to win and lost 7–5. The 1951 contest at Pinehurst Resort, was again won by the United States. Such was the dominance in their 9½–2½ victory, that only two of the twelve matches reached the 18th hole. Before the 1953 contest Great Britain were given a boost when American Ben Hogan decided not to participate. He had won three of the four men's major golf championships during the year and his absence gave them optimism. However, they were unable to beat the United States; mistakes at the end of their singles matches by Peter Alliss and Bernard Hunt cost Great Britain as they lost 6½–5½. Despite recording their best points total in matches held in the United States, Great Britain were again defeated in 1955. The United States won 8–4 to extend their winning streak to 21 years.
The 1957 contest saw Great Britain regain the Cup for the first time since 1933. They were 3–1 down after the first round of matches, but victory in five out of the seven singles matches made the difference as they won 7½–4½. The United States regained the Ryder Cup in 1959 beating Great Britain 8½–3½. The match was the last to be contested over 36 holes of foursomes and singles matches. The format changed to two 18 hole sets of foursomes and singles in 1961, doubling the number of points available from 12 to 24. The change in format did not affect the trend of American dominance as they won 14½–9½ at Royal Lytham & St Annes Golf Club. Two sets of four balls were introduced in 1963, increasing the number of points available to 32. Again, the changes made little difference to the outcome as the United States won 23–9 at East Lake Golf Club. British player Henry Cotton summed up the display from the Americans, stating: "We have been outclassed." The 1965 match at Royal Birkdale Golf Club started well for Great Britain, as they were trailing the United States 9–7 going into the singles matches. But the Americans proved too strong, winning the majority of the matches to win the contest 19½–12½.
The 1967 match continued the trend of American victories, as the United States won 23½–8½ at Champions Golf Club. Unlike in previous years, the 1969 match was much closer. The match came down to the last hole of the final singles match between American Jack Nicklaus and British golfer Tony Jacklin. Nicklaus made his putt, which left Jacklin with a putt to tie the match. Despite this, Nicklaus conceded the putt, picking up Jacklin's ball marker. As a result their match was tied, as was the contest at 16–16. The United States won again in 1971, beating Great Britain 18½–13½. The 1973 match was the first held in Scotland at Muirfield. The outcome remained the same as Great Britain lost 19–13. The 1975 match at Laurel Valley Golf Club was similar with the United States winning 21–11. The format changed again in 1977, as matches were reduced by nearly a third leaving 20 points available. The changed requested by Great Britain & Ireland did little to change the outcome, as the United States won 12½–7½. Golfers from continental Europe were allowed to compete for the first time in 1979. There was another change to the format, the first two days now consisted of eight foursomes and fourballs, with twelve singles matches on the final day. Again, the changes had little effect on the outcome as the United States won 17–11.
The 1981 match was originally scheduled to take place at The Belfry, but construction of the course was not completed on time and Walton Heath Golf Club was used instead. The United States, containing a team that had won 36 major championships between them, dominated the match winning 18½–9½. The 1983 match at PGA National Golf Club was the closest in recent years. After the first two days the match was tied at 8–8. Europe fell short in the singles match, winning four out of the twelve matches and lost the contest 14½–13½. The 1985 match held at the now completed Belfry, saw Europe win the trophy for the first time in 28 years. Leading 9–7 going into the final day, they won six singles matches to secure a 16½–11½ victory. Europe retained the Ryder Cup in 1987, beating the United States 15–13 at Muirfield Village, to win in the United States for the first time. The 1989 match was only the second time the contest ended in a tie. Europe were in commanding position when José Maria Cañizares won his singles match, but defeat in the last four matches meant the match finished 14–14. The 1991 match at Kiawah Island Golf Resort, known as the "War on the Shore", saw the United States regain the Cup. The scores were tied at 8–8 going into the final day and the match came down to the last singles match between Europe's Bernhard Langer and American golfer Hale Irwin. Langer missed a putt at the last hole, which meant the United States won 14½–13½. The United States retained the Cup in 1993, winning 15–13 at The Belfry. Europe regained the trophy in 1995, defeating the United States 14½–13½ at Oak Hill Country Club. 
The Ryder Cup was played outside of the British Isles for the first time in 1997, as Valderrama Golf Club in Spain hosted the contest. Despite taking a five point lead into the final day, Europe needed the half point Colin Montgomerie secured in his tied singles match with Scott Hoch to win 14½–13½. The 1999 match was the third time in succession the contest had been won by a single point, but this time it was the United States who won 14½–13½. This was not without controversy, as Europe were unhappy with the celebrations by the American team after a putt by Justin Leonard, while European golfer José María Olazábal still had a chance of holing his putt. The Ryder Cup was scheduled to be played in 2001, but two weeks before the competition was scheduled to take place the September 11 attacks occurred. The United States fearing for their safety requested the match be played a year later in 2002. When the match was played, Europe won 15½–12½ to regain the Cup. They retained the Cup in 2004 when they won 18½–9½ at Oakland Hills Country Club, in what was the United States' heaviest defeat in the competition. The result was repeated in 2006 at the K Club. Europe's 18½–9½ victory marked the first time they had won three matches in succession. The United States regained the Ryder Cup in 2008, winning for the first time since 1999. They won the match when Jim Furyk beat Miguel Ángel Jiménez with four singles matches still ongoing, to win 16½–11½. A tight contest in 2010 came down to the final singles match between European Graeme McDowell and American golfer Hunter Mahan. McDowell won his match with a hole to spare, to give Europe a 14½–13½ victory. Europe recovered a 10–6 deficit on the last day in 2012, as they won eight of the twelve singles matches to win 14½–13½.
Notes.
A.   In the event of a match ending in a tie, the team who last won the Ryder Cup retains the Cup.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="36704677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704677" title="William Morley (died 1597)">
William Morley (died 1597)

William Morley (ca. 1531 – 24 November 1597), was an English politician.
He was the eldest son of Thomas Morley of Glynde, Sussex and educated at Cambridge University.
He was appointed High Sheriff of Surrey and Sussex for 1580–81. He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lewes in 1571.
He was married twice: firstly Ann, the daughter of Anthony Pelham of Warbleton, Sussex, with whom he had 1 or 2 sons and 3 daughters and secondly Margaret, the daughter of William Roberts of Warbleton, with whom he had a further 2 or 3 sons and a daughter. He was succeeded by his son Herbert Morley.

</doc>
<doc id="36704682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704682" title="Dan Hodgson (cricketer)">
Dan Hodgson (cricketer)

Daniel Mark Hodgson (born 26 February 1990) is an English first-class cricketer. A wicket-keeper and right-handed batsman, Hodgson currently plays for Yorkshire County Cricket Club.
Hodgson has played for the Yorkshire Second XI in the Second XI Championship, as well as appearing in his debut List A match for Yorkshire against the Unicorns in August that year. He took one catch in the game, but was not required to bat. He has since appeared in five more List A matches.
He has had two previous first-class outings representing Leeds/Bradford MCC Universities. Hodgson made a number of appearances for the Mountaineers side in Zimbabwe in 2012 and 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="36704701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704701" title="Chandlery Corner">
Chandlery Corner

Chandlery Corner consists of three historic buildings located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania. They are the Peter Rockwell House, Frederick Schneider House, and Schneider / Kessler Chandlery. The Peter Rockwell House was built in 1832, as a Federal style brick townhouse It was modified for commercial use about 1865, to be a 2 1/2-story, commercial building with a mansard roof. The Frederick Schneider House was built in 1846, is a two-story, five bay, brick dwelling in the Greek Revival style. The Schneider / Kessler Chandlery was built in 1851, is a three-story, six bay, brick commercial building. The buildings are reflective of the 19th century business district of Erie. It was named Chandlery Corner because it is the site of the plant and store of Erie's first soap and candle maker.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="36704709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704709" title="Edward Bellingham (disambiguation)">
Edward Bellingham (disambiguation)

Edward Bellingham was Lord Deputy of Ireland.
Edward Bellingham may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36704713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704713" title="Bikur Cholim Synagogue">
Bikur Cholim Synagogue

The Bikur Cholim Synagogue on Iranistan Avenue in Bridgeport, Connecticut, was built in 1894. It includes Shingle Style architecture. It has also been known as Rodeph Sholom, as First Christian Church (Christ's Disciples), as South Congregational Church Mission, and as Metamorphosis. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
It is unusual as an example of Shingle Style architecture applied for a religious building; Shingle Style was primarily used for residences, often ocean-side residences.

</doc>
<doc id="36704726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704726" title="2012 Western &amp; Southern Open – Women's Doubles">
2012 Western &amp; Southern Open – Women's Doubles

Vania King and Yaroslava Shvedova were the defending champions, but withdrew because of Shvedova's heat illness.<br>
Andrea Hlaváčková and Lucie Hradecká won the title after defeating Katarina Srebotnik and Zheng Jie 6–1, 6–3 in the final.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36704734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704734" title="List of libraries damaged during World War II">
List of libraries damaged during World War II

This is a list of libraries damaged during World War II.
Czechoslovakia.
Total losses of books, manuscripts and incunabula estimated at 2,000,000 volumes.
France.
and 400 manuscripts.
Germany.
About a third of books in German libraries were lost.
Italy.
About 2 million printed works and 39,000 manuscripts lost.
Poland.
Most of Polish libraries were damaged and suffered losses by German occupation:
Around 15 million volumes were lost of a total 22,5 million volumes available.

</doc>
<doc id="36704736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704736" title="Fernando Guerrero">
Fernando Guerrero

Fernando Guerrero may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36704767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704767" title="Florentino Fernández">
Florentino Fernández

Florentino Fernández may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36704776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704776" title="46th Test Group">
46th Test Group

The 46th Test Group (46 TG) was a United States Air Force unit active from 1992 to 2012. It was last active with 46th Test Wing, at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. The 46th Test Group was stationed as a tenant unit at Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico, throughout its existence. It was inactivated on 18 July 2012, being replaced by the 96th Test Group in an administrative reorganization.
History.
The Group served as the Air Force’s liaison with the United States Army White Sands Missile Range (WSMR), interfacing with the U.S. Army and Test Center organizations. In addition, the unit provided test sponsorship for all Air Force programs testing on WSMR, assisted test program customers in preparing the documentation necessary to execute tests as well as obtaining logistic and test support resources. The 46 TG also scheduled airspace for all Air Force tests and Air Force tactical training on WSMR.
On August 1, 1970, per Air Force Systems Command Special Order G-94, the Air Force Missile Development Center at Holloman AFB was inactivated and the Tactical Air Command assumed host responsibilities for the facility. Associate units and programs transferred to other locations within Air Force Systems Command. The inactivation resulted in the loss of more than 450 military and 570 civilian positions.
The Test & Evaluation activities that remained were the Central Inertial Guidance Test Facility (CIGTF), the High Speed Test Track, the Radar Target Scatter Facility (RATSCAT), and the Target Drone Facility. These organizations were combined to form the nucleus of a Holloman AFB tenant organization, the 6585th Test Group
In 1976, AFSWC was disestablished, and the 6585th Test Group at Holloman became part of the 3246th Test Wing, Armament Development and Test Center (ADTC) at Eglin AFB, FL. The Group was inactivated on 30 September 1992 as part of a reorganization, with personnel and equipment being assigned to the new 46th Test Group at Holloman, upon activation it was transferred the 6585th's personnel, equipment and mission.
It was inactivated as a result of an organizational realignment at Eglin AFB, being replaced at Holloman by the new 96th Test Group.

</doc>
<doc id="36704777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704777" title="List of Monuments of National Importance in Belgaum district">
List of Monuments of National Importance in Belgaum district


</doc>
<doc id="36704778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704778" title="List of Monuments of National Importance in Bijapur district">
List of Monuments of National Importance in Bijapur district


</doc>
<doc id="36704779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704779" title="List of Monuments of National Importance in Gulbarga district">
List of Monuments of National Importance in Gulbarga district


</doc>
<doc id="36704780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704780" title="List of Monuments of National Importance in North Kanara district">
List of Monuments of National Importance in North Kanara district


</doc>
<doc id="36704781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704781" title="Federal Row">
Federal Row

Federal Row consists of five historic residential buildings located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania. They are the Charles M. Tibbals House (1842), the Alexander Brewster House (1823), the Kennedy Row House (1836), the David Kennedy House (1832), and the Kennedy Double House (1840). They are characterized as rectangular brick dwellings, 2- to 2 1/2-stories tall, with gently sloping roofs. They have design elements characteristic of the Federal and Greek Revival styles.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="36704782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704782" title="List of Monuments of National Importance in Raichur district">
List of Monuments of National Importance in Raichur district


</doc>
<doc id="36704789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704789" title="List of Monuments of National Importance in Bidar district">
List of Monuments of National Importance in Bidar district


</doc>
<doc id="36704808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704808" title="Frankie Gavin">
Frankie Gavin

Frankie Gavin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36704814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704814" title="Ospedale degli Incurabili, Naples">
Ospedale degli Incurabili, Naples

The Ospedale degli Incurabili ("Hospital for the Incurables") or Complesso degli Incurabili is an ancient and prominent hospital complex in central Naples, Italy. Part of the complex, including the remarkable pharmacy, are now the "Museo delle arti sanitarie" of Naples.
History.
Originally built in Renaissance style, the complex was formed by taking in the structures of the churches of Santa Maria del Popolo and Santa Maria Succurre Miseris dei Bianchi, as well as the ospedale (hospital) of Santa Maria del Popolo degli Incurabili. In time, it also incorporated the adjacent S. Maria delle Grazie Maggiore a Caponapoli and its cloister, the monastery of Santa Maria della Consolazione, the church of Santa Maria di Gerusalemme and the cloister of the Trentatré. The hospital was founded in 1521 by Maria Lorenza Longo after she became paralized by a malady.
Pharmacy.
In the mid 18th century, Antonio Maggiocca was the patron for the building of the pharmacy. The structure was designed by Bartolomeo Vecchione. Maggiocca’s marble bust inside was sculpted by Matteo Bottiglieri in 1750. The pharmacy remains, generally intact with cabinets and nearly 400 maiolica vases (albarelli) for compounds, made by Lorenzo Salandra and Donato Massa. The tiled floors were made by Giuseppe Massa. The ceiling is frescoed by Pietro Bardellino.The Pharmacy consists of a grand salon, an entrance room, and a small laboratory. The latter is decorated in stucco and has an elaborate table by the woodworker Agostino Fucito.
Church of Santa Maria del Popolo.
The renaissance style funereal monument by the main altar was completed by Giovanni da Nola. The Frescoes in the church were completed by Giuliano Bugiardini, Marco Cardisco, Francesco De Mura, Marco Pino, Giovanni Battista Rossi, and Carlo Sellitto. In the Cappella Montalto is an altarpiece by Girolamo D'Auria. The sacristy was frescoed by Giovanni Battista Rossi.
Church of Santa Maria dei Bianchi.
The church of Santa Maria dei Bianchi (or "Congregation of the Bianchi della Giustizia") was a church build by a white-robed confraternity attached to the complex, and whose role was the assistance to those condemned to death. The church was founded in 1473. In 1673, it was restored in Baroque style by Dionisio Lazzari. Much of the church as well as the pharmacy now is in poor state. The main altar has a statue of the Virgin by Giovanni da Nola, while the ceiling was frescoed by Giovanni Battista Beinaschi. The sacristy has frescoes by Paolo De Matteis depicting members of the confraternity.

</doc>
<doc id="36704821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704821" title="Tranby, Glebe">
Tranby, Glebe

Tranby is a historic house in the Sydney suburb of Glebe built between 1858 and 1910. Its boundary streets are named after former residents. Since 1958 the house and grounds have been the main campus of Tranby Aboriginal College.
History.
"Tranby" was built in 1858 by George Allen of Toxteth Park, Glebe. Originally known as "Toxteth Cottage", it was constructed on the grounds of the Toxteth Park Estate. Allen was the founder of the legal firm Allen, Allen and Hemsley, President of the Bank of New South Wales, Mayor of Sydney and a Member of the New South Wales Legislative Council. The first residents of the cottage were Allen's daughter Mary and her husband, architect, George Allen Mansfield (1834–1908), who lived there until 1861. In the 1870s the house became known as Tranby when Allen's granddaughter, Elizabeth, and her husband the Rev. William Binnington Boyce took up residence. When George Allen died the Toxteth Park Estate was subdivided and in 1887 "Tranby" was purchased by William Boyce Allen (1865–1867), George Allen's youngest son. Additions were made in 1910 additions to accommodate William Boyce Allen's family of two sons and four daughters and the property remained in the hands of that wing of the Allen family until 1946. From 1931 Until 1946 the house was a hostel for the University of Sydney and was the home of the Reverend John Hope of the Christ Church St Laurence. In 1958 Tranby became a training college under the control of the Australian Board of Missions Christian Community Co-operative.
Structure.
The house is a post-Regency style cottage and has an asymmetrical floor-plan. It has the low lines and broad proportions of early colonial dwellings. The front elevation describes three stages of building. The original section of the house, which has six rooms, has a Georgian facade with a central front door and French doors to either side. The front verandah which is supported by cast iron columns and is flanked by later editions of Italianate style. The slate hipped roof has metal ridge capping and box gutters. The walls are cement rendered brick ashlar with sandstone lime rendered ashlar coursing.

</doc>
<doc id="36704826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704826" title="Sean Murphy (boxer)">
Sean Murphy (boxer)

Sean Murphy (born 1 December 1964) is an English boxing trainer and former professional fighter.
Career.
Born in St Albans, Murphy boxed as a professional between 1986 and 1994. Murphy won Gold at the 1986 Commonwealth Games.
After winning the ABA title, he turned professional. Sean Murphy went on to win British and Commonwealth Featherweight titles. He defended his British Featherweight title for 2 fights losing it to Gary De Roux on Tuesday 5 March 1991. Sean Murphy retained the British title on Sunday 27 June 1993 against Alan McKay and was given the chance to fight for the WBO Featherweight World Title against Steve Robinson in Wales but he was Knocked Out in Round 9. Sean would then fight once more for the British and Commonwealth Lightweight Title however he was knocked out by Billy Schwer on 16 February 1994 ending his Professional Boxing Career.
After retiring from fighting, Murphy became a trainer at Finchley Amateur Boxing Club, based in Barnet, North London. He has trained a number of ABA finalists and Champions including Olympic 2012 Gold-medal winner Anthony Joshua.

</doc>
<doc id="36704837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704837" title="Freddie Miller">
Freddie Miller

Freddie Miller may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36704848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704848" title="Berthold of Schweinfurt">
Berthold of Schweinfurt

Berthold of Schweinfurt (died 15 January 980) was a German nobleman.
Life.
He was first mentioned as a count in 941. In 960, he was mentioned as count in the Radenzgau. In 961, he appears as count on the lower Raab and in 973 as count in the Volkfeld shire. After successful battles in Bohemia and Hungary, he is named as margrave in 976. In 980, he appears as count in eastern Franconia.
His background is disputed. The most likely theory is that he was a son (or grandson) of Arnulf, Duke of Bavaria. That would make him a member of the Luitpolding dynasty. Another theory sees him as the son of Arnulf's brother Berthold, Duke of Bavaria. Yet another theory puts him into the Popponids family. It is certain that his brother, or nephew, Leopold I, Margrave of Austria was the founder of the Austrian House of Babenberg.
The " Bertholdus" who was mentioned in 941, was tasked by Emperor Otto I with guarding Count Lothar of Walbeck, who had been taken prisoner. Lothar was pardoned the following year, and Berthold married his daughter Eilika (d. 19 August 1015). She later initiated the construction of the minster in Schweinfurt, where she was buried.
In 964, Berthold was tasked by Otto with guarding another prisoner, King Berengar II of Italy, who was kept prisoner in Bamberg. In 973, Berthold participated in the ousting of the rebellious Henry II, Duke of Bavaria.
Marriage and issue.
Berthold was married to Eilika of Walbeck. They had at least two children:
In 1010, a lady named Eilika was abbess of Niedernburg Abbey in Passau. It is thought this Eilika may have been a daughter of Berthold and his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="36704854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704854" title="2014 Wimbledon Championships">
2014 Wimbledon Championships

The 2014 Wimbledon Championships took place at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in Wimbledon, London, United Kingdom, from 23 June to 6 July 2014. They were the 128th championships, and the third Grand Slam tournament of the year, played on grass courts and part of the ATP World Tour, the WTA Tour, the ITF Junior Tour and the NEC Tour. They were organised by the All England Lawn Tennis Club and the International Tennis Federation.
Andy Murray of Great Britain was the defending champion in men's singles, but lost to Grigor Dimitrov in the quarter-finals. Marion Bartoli of France was the defending champion in women's singles; however, her retirement from the sport following her victory meant that she did not return to defend her title. As a result, the opening Ladies' Singles match on Centre Court on the second day of the tournament - which is traditionally played by the defending champion - was payed by Bartoli's opponent, runner-up Sabine Lisicki.
The men and women's singles titles were won by Novak Djokovic of Serbia and Petra Kvitova of the Czech Republic respectively. Both players had previously won their maiden - and, prior to 2014, only - Wimbledon title in 2011.
Tournament.
The 2014 Wimbledon Championships was the 128th edition of the tournament and was held at All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in London.
The tournament was an event run by the International Tennis Federation (ITF) and was part of the 2014 ATP World Tour and the 2014 WTA Tour calendars under the Grand Slam category. The tournament consisted of both men's and women's singles and doubles draws as well as a mixed doubles event.
There were singles and doubles events for both boys and girls (players under 18), which was part of the Grade A category of tournaments, and doubles events for men's and women's wheelchair tennis players as part of the NEC tour under the Grand Slam category. The tournament was played on grass courts and takes place over a series of 19 courts, including the four main showcourts, Centre Court, No. 1 Court, No. 2 Court and No. 3 Court.
Point and prize money distribution.
Point distribution.
Below is a series of tables for each of the competitions showing the ranking points on offer for each event.
Prize money.
The Wimbledon total prize money for 2014 has been increased by 10.8% to £25,000,000. The winners of the men's and women's singles titles will earn £1.76m, up £160,000 from the previous year. The figures for doubles events are per pair.
Day-by-day summaries.
Middle Sunday (29 June).
Following tradition, Middle Sunday is a day of rest, with no matches scheduled.
Singles seeds.
Gentlemen's Singles.
The Gentlemen's Singles seeds are adjusted on a surface-based system to reflect more accurately the individual player's grass court achievement as per the following formula, which applies to the top 32 players, according to ATP Ranking on 16 June 2014: 
Rankings are as of 16 June 2014 and Points Before in the following table are as of 23 June 2014.
Ladies' Singles.
For the Ladies' Singles seeds, the seeding order follows the ranking list as of 16 June 2014. Rankings and Points Before in the following table are as of 23 June 2014.
Wild card entries.
Below are the lists of the wild card awardees entering in the main draws.

</doc>
<doc id="36704859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704859" title="Renaissance Centre (Erie, Pennsylvania)">
Renaissance Centre (Erie, Pennsylvania)

Renaissance Centre, formerly known as the Erie Trust Company Building and the G. Daniel Baldwin Building, is a skyscraper located in Erie, Pennsylvania in the United States. Since its completion in 1928, the 14-story building has been the tallest in Erie. Renaissance Centre was listed on National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
Design.
Renaissance Centre is located in downtown Erie at the intersection of State Street, the main north–south throughfare in Erie, and East 10th Street. It is the city's sole skyscraper and dominates the city skyline. Renaissance Centre has a height of and is the tallest building in Erie, Pennsylvania; the tallest structure in Erie is the steeple of St. Peter Cathedral at . The building itself is deep, wide, and has a footprint of . The first three floors on the north and west fronts of Renaissance Centre are faced with Indiana limestone while the remaining floors are clad in "light buff-colored" brick. Its main entrance on State Street consists of multiple, set-back arches that rise one-and-a-half stories up the facade. The building's name is engraved on a faux-limestone sign mounted above the archway. Starting at the 11th floor, the building is setback. Unlike the north and west, the south and east facades are relatively unadorned; the central window bays on the southern side are recessed causing the entire building to take on a "shallow 'U'-shape" when viewed from above.
Renaissance Centre has a total floor space of spread across its 14 floors. Originally, the first floor comprised the bank lobby, but has been divvied up into an atrium and retail spaces for businesses. Six murals by New York-painter Edward A. Turnbull depicting historical events from Erie history were located on the first floor; five remain, but were hidden by renovations. The 14th floor offers views of Presque Isle State Park, Lake Erie and, on clear days, Long Point, Canada.
History.
In 1943, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania auctioned off the Erie Trust Company Building in a bankruptcy court and was acquired by the Tenth Street Building Corporation, a local real estate company, for $377,000. The building was renamed after company's president at the time, G. Daniel Baldwin, in 1945; Baldwin died the next year. National Bank and Trust continued to lease the first floor, along with offices on the third, until it was taken over by First National Bank in 1951; First National maintained a presence in the Baldwin Building until the 1980s. Despite its owners operating a "large and profitable" business, the occupancy in the building decreased to less than 30 percent in 1970s and 1980s. 
The G. Daniel Baldwin Building was, again, put up for auction in June 1996. The Tenth Street Building Corporation donated the building to the Greater Erie Charity Golf Classic where it sold to local developer Tom Kennedy for $315,000 with the proceeds going to charity. Kennedy also owns and oversaw the development of the Palace Hardware Building into apartments and a business center. The Baldwin Building was renamed Renaissance Centre as part of the effort to revitalize the building; a new sign, fashioned to resemble its limestone cladding, was installed over the old name. From its purchase in 1996 to late-1998, Renaissance Centre underwent a $2.2 million restoration. Renaissance Centre was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 10, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36704864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704864" title="Doayo cattle">
Doayo cattle

The Doayo cattle is a cattle in found foothills of Atlantika Mountains and Poli mountains in Bénoué division of North province of Cameroon and are also known as Namji, Namchi, Namshi, Poli, Donayo, or M'Bougi. They are classified as Savannah Shorthorns and are maintained by the Doayo people. They are drawf animals, measuring only 97 to 110 cm at withers, with mainly uniform black, black-and-white or spotted black coats, though brown or spotted brown coats also occur. The first calving takes place at three years, with a calving interval of one year. The cattle are not used commercially, instead they are kept for social and religious purposes. Several Daoyo are slaughtered at a funeral, depending on the importance of the deceased, and the skins are used to wrap the body.

</doc>
<doc id="36704872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704872" title="Cliff Rock--Appledore">
Cliff Rock--Appledore

Cliff Rock - Appledore is an oil painting by American artist Childe Hassam, painted in 1903. It is currently part of the permanent collection a the Indianapolis Museum of Art.
Description.
Inspired by the French impressionists of the time, Childe painted vibrant, colorful lines filled with action and movement. The varying brushstrokes and loose handling of the medium, Childe shows his confident free handling. Blue ocean reflects onto the large, sun-bleached rock, while Childe’s open strokes leads the viewer’s eye back into the painting, off into the distance to the shores beyond, which are barely hinted at with lines of cream and green. Through the broken brushstrokes, Childe’s desire for realism shines through with his use of shadows and broken reflection of the water.
Historical information.
Hassam, like many American painters at the turn of the century, studied in Paris, France for three years. He adopted the impressionist style as his own, and worked closely with other American Impressionists such as Mary Cassatt. Childe is often hailed as a pure example of the American Impressionist movement.
A native New Endlander, Childe heavily favored the New England area for his work, and spent his time painting much of the Atlantic Coast. This shore is the shore of Appledore, one of the nine islands that make up the Isles of Shoals, located off the coasts of New Hampshire and Maine. Appledore was the location of a small artist colony.
Acquisition.
"Cliff Rock - Appledore" was purchased at its inaugural exhibition in 1906 by the John Herron Art Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="36704876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704876" title="The God Species">
The God Species

The God Species: Saving the Planet in the Age of Humans (alternatively, "The God Species: How the Planet Can Survive the Age of Humans" (U.S.) or "The God Species: How Humans Really Can Save the Planet..." (paperback)) is a 2011 book by environmental writer Mark Lynas. It argues that since the Earth has entered an age where several of its systems are in the control of humanity—the Anthropocene—it is now up to humans to use this power wisely. The book challenges several beliefs usually held by environmentalists, arguing that technology like nuclear power and genetic engineering are useful and necessary tools to keep the Earth system within planetary boundaries, and that the Green movement's insistence on lifestyle changes and opposition to economic growth are unlikely to work.
Contents.
The book is structured around the concept of planetary boundaries as proposed by a group of Earth system scientists and environmental scientists led by Johan Rockström in 2009. Lynas describes how the idea for the book came while attending a meeting with the planetary boundaries group in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="36704882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704882" title="Punuwat Tangunurat">
Punuwat Tangunurat

Punuwat Tangunurat is a thailand football Goalkeeper who played for Thailand in the 2004 Asian Cup. He also played for Krung Thai Bank and Provincial Electrical Authority.

</doc>
<doc id="36704884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704884" title="George Byers">
George Byers

George Byers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36704886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704886" title="Sir Thomas Pelham, 1st Baronet">
Sir Thomas Pelham, 1st Baronet

Sir Thomas Pelham, 1st Baronet (died 2 December 1624) was an English politician.
He was the younger son of Sir Nicholas Pelham and educated at Lewes Grammar School (1557), Queens’ College, Cambridge (1561) and studied law at the Inns of Court (1566). He succeeded his nephew Oliver Pelham in 1585.
He was elected a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lewes in 1584 and Sussex in 1586. He served as a Justice of the Peace for Sussex from c. 1583 and was appointed High Sheriff of Surrey and Sussex for 1589-90. He was a deputy-lieutenant of Sussex from 1601 and was created a baronet in 1611.
He married Mary, the daughter of Sir Thomas Walsingham of Chislehurst, Kent,with whom he had 1 son and 1 daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="36704893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704893" title="Teda Keelalay">
Teda Keelalay

Teda Keelalay is a thailand football Defender who played for Thailand in the 2004 Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36704911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704911" title="Athletics at the 1994 Central American Games">
Athletics at the 1994 Central American Games

Athletics competitions at the 1994 Central American Games were held at the Estadio Flor Blanca in San Salvador, El Salvador, in November – December 1, 1994. 
A total of 45 events were contested, 24 by men and 21 by women.
Medal summary.
Gold medal winners and their results were published. A complete list of medal winners can be found on the MásGoles webpage
(click on "JUEGOS CENTROAMERICANOS" in the low right corner). Gold medalists were also published in other sources.
Notes.
†: One source lists María Fleischmann from Guatemala as
gold medal winner in both long jump and triple jump.
‡: One source lists Magdalena Molina from
Costa Rica as gold medal winner in Heptathlon.
gold medal winners for both 4x100m relay and 4x400m relay.

</doc>
<doc id="36704916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704916" title="Mayte Espinosa">
Mayte Espinosa

Mayte Espinosa is a paralympic athlete from Spain competing mainly in category B1 distance running events.
Mayte competed at the 1992, 1996 and 2000 Summer Paralympics in a variety of track distances. In 1992 she won her only medal, a bronze, in the 1500m as well as finishing fourth in the 3000m and fifth in the 800m. In 1996 she competed in the 1500m finishing fifth and the 3000m though she failed to finish. Her final games in Sydney in 2000 she failed to finish in the 400m and 1500m but did finish seventh in the 5000m.

</doc>
<doc id="36704926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704926" title="Richard Eglington">
Richard Eglington

Richard "Sam" Eglington (1 April 1908 – 20 March 1979) was an English cricketer. Eglington was a right-handed batsman. He was born at Esher, Surrey, and was educated at Sherborne School.
Eglington first represented the Surrey Second XI in the 1927 Minor Counties Championship, making two appearances against the Kent Second XI and Buckinghamshire. He next appeared for the Surrey Second XI in the 1938 Minor Counties Championship, in the same season in which he made his first-class debut for Surrey against Derbyshire at Queen's Park, Chesterfield, in the County Championship. He made a second first-class appearance for the county in that same season against Cambridge University at The Oval. He didn't feature for Surrey in 1939, instead playing for the county's Second XI in the Minor Counties Championship, which allowed him to be selected for a combined Minor Counties cricket team, making a single first-class appearance for the team in 1939 against the touring West Indians at Lord's. In a match which was drawn, he scored 23 runs in the Minor Counties only innings, before being dismissed by Learie Constantine.
He died at Winchester, Hampshire, on 20 March 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="36704932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704932" title="José Abal">
José Abal

José Abal is a paralympic athlete from Spain competing mainly in category PW3-4 Pentathlon events.
Jose competed in two Paralympics, in 1992 in his home country and then in 1996 in Atlanta. In 1992 he competed in the marathon but failed to finish and then won silver in the pentathlon behind the world record performance of Czechoslovakia's Vojtěch Vašíček. In 1996 he finished well down the field in the pentathlon, finishing ninth overall, finished third in the discus, could only manage fifth in the heat of his 200m and pulled out of the shot and javelin before the start.

</doc>
<doc id="36704934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704934" title="Abigail Padgett">
Abigail Padgett

Mary Abigail Padgett (born May 13, 1942, in Vincennes, Indiana) is an American author of mystery novels who features in "Great Women Mystery Writers" (2007)
Biography.
Padgett graduated in 1964 from Indiana University, Bloomington with a degree in education then earned a master's in counselling from the University of Missouri in 1969; between the two she taught high school English in St. Louis. She then had several different jobs before becoming a court investigator for Child Protective Services in San Diego, a post she left in 1988 to concentrate on writing and advocacy for children and the mentally ill.
Writing.
Padgett's first series concerns Barbara "Bo" Bradley, a child protection advocate investigator in San Diego who suffers from bipolar disorder. Her second series features Blue McCarron, a reclusive lesbian social psychologist.

</doc>
<doc id="36704940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704940" title="Marcelino Saavedra">
Marcelino Saavedra

Marcelino Saavedra is a paralympic athlete from Spain competing mainly in category C5-8 4x100m events.
Marcelino competed in both the 1992 Summer Paralympics in his home country and the 1996 Summer Paralympics. In 1992 he competed in the 100m and 200m finishing fourth in both events, he was also part of the silver medal winning Spanish squad in the 4x100m. At the 1996 games he competed in the 100m and 400m finishing fourth and fifth respectively, he was also part of the Spanish squad that failed to finished in the 4x100m.

</doc>
<doc id="36704942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704942" title="St Olaf’s Episcopal Church, (Amherst, Wisconsin)">
St Olaf’s Episcopal Church, (Amherst, Wisconsin)

St Olaf’s Episcopal Church, Amherst, Wisconsin, United States, is a mission congregation of the Episcopal Diocese of Fond du Lac. The congregation first met in 1879, organizing in 1895.
History.
The Episcopal Mission Station at Amherst was established in 1868 by the Rev. M. Sorenson, rector of St Mark’s Episcopal Church, (Waupaca, Wisconsin). Amherst was a small farming community, mostly potatoes and with no. With services first held in rented hall, in 1905 church building was built by a hard working people devoted to God and His Church. Lots had been paid for by the St. Olaf's guild. Only an indebtedness remained on the whole property of $400.00. In 1913 this was paid and the church was consecrated by Bishop Reginald Heber Weller and many furnishings put in. Over time walled steps have been replaced by an iron rail, the bell has been repaired, work has been done on the square-topped belfry and inside the building beams have been added. The furnace has gone from coal and wood burning to gas. Three organs have seen their home at St. Olaf’s. The first was rented for twenty dollars and used in the rented school house in the late 1800s. The second was purchased on a purchase plan from Syon & Healy Co. in 1917 for $125.55 and was a pump organ. The third was a gift from a member.
By the 1930s with a fall off in attendance, the possibility of discontinuing services was strong but no action was taken. A meeting was held on January 30, 1935, for the purpose of deciding whether to sell the adjoining lots. The congregation voted against sale. A wise choice for those who might want to build in the future.
Women's guild meetings were held in a rented hall and then members’ homes until 1964 when the organization was dissolved.
The size of the congregation has fluctuated. In 1896 there were 25 families for a total of 85 people. By the late 1960s and early 1970s there were only two members attending on a regular basis: Mabel Allen and Welton Johnson. During this time Fr. Edmund Webster faithfully made the weekly jaunt from Waupaca to Amherst to serve the congregation and minister to the people. Dedication like this helped St. Olaf’s to continue.
St. Olaf's Today.
The church facilities had never had running water, washroom facilities or a fellowship room so members started a building fund and engaged in fund raising activities. Starting in 1992, energetic people were working at rummage and bake sales, participating at a youth fair and making and selling Christmas wreaths. The dream of an addition was achieved in 2003, and St. Olaf’s even hosted a diocesan pre-convention deanery meeting.
A new sign was purchased and erected, extensive electrical rewiring, installation of ceiling fans, light fixtures and sanctuary lamps, as well as electrical outlets were also installed. A new chalice, crystal cruets and a new paten were purchased. Old shrubbery has been removed and new flowers planted. Painting on both the inside and outside was also done. St. Olaf’s has even participated in its first Pictorial Directory. Occasionally potluck suppers are held after the Saturday evening worship service at member’s homes. During the Christmas season a potluck is held at St. Olaf’s after the decorations are put in place. Good food and good fellowship can always be found.
Clergy Serving.
For most of its history St. Olaf's was under the care of the rector of St Mark’s Episcopal Church, (Waupaca, Wisconsin) except for a short period when it was under the rector of Church of the Intercession (Episcopal), (Stevens Point, Wisconsin) who celebrated mass once or twice a month with other services led by lay readers. Starting in the late 1990s the congregation severed these connections and began to use regular supply clergy.

</doc>
<doc id="36704947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704947" title="Tawfeeq Abdul Razzaq">
Tawfeeq Abdul Razzaq

Tawfeeq Abdul Razzaq Al Hosani is a UAE football Midfielder who played for United Arab Emirates in the 2004 Asian Cup. He also played for Al-Wahda and counts 6 apps in the AFC Champions League

</doc>
<doc id="36704952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704952" title="Pelister National Park">
Pelister National Park

Pelister National Park is a national park in the Municipality of Bitola, Republic of Macedonia. The park is located in the Baba Mountain massif and covers an area of . The altitude of the park varies between above sea level and is filled with exquisite flora and fauna. Among flora elements, the presence is especially significant of the five-needle pine molica, Pinus peuce - a unique species of Cenozoic age being present on only a few mountains in the Balkan Peninsula. The beauty of the landscape is enhanced by the diversified wildlife: bears, roe deer, wolves, chamois, deer, wild boars, rabbits, several species of eagles, partridges, redbilled jackdaws, and the endemic Macedonian Pelagonia trout.
Info and features.
Pelister is the oldest and second largest national park in Republic of Macedonia after Mavrovo. It is one of the leading tourist areas in the country, since it is a well-known ski resort, along with Ohrid, Prespa, Dojran, Popova Šapka, and Kruševo.
From Pelister one can see the Pelagonia valley, Lake Prespa, mountains Nidže, Galičica, Jakupica, and the city of Bitola. Interestingly, Pelister is one of the most southern mountains in the Balkans that has an alpine character.
Pelister is also known for its two mountain lakes, which are called Pelister's Eyes. The Big lake is above the sea level while the Small lake is high. Here are the sources of many rivers. The climate in Pelister National Park is diverse.

</doc>
<doc id="36704959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704959" title="Álvaro López">
Álvaro López

Álvaro López may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36704963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704963" title="Busted Heart (Hold On To Me)">
Busted Heart (Hold On To Me)

Busted Heart (Hold On To Me) is a song by Christian alternative rock duo For King & Country. It was released on off their EP "" and was the first single off their debut album "Crave". The song reached No. 3 on the Christian Songs chart.
Composition.
The duo described the song as "really a universal cry of humanity for something greater than ourselves...think they've got it all sorted out, and life will deal you those blows. This song is that cry saying, 'God, Father, hold onto me, don't let me lose my way.'" They said the song was inspired by Matthew 11:29-30, which says, "Take My yoke upon you and learn from Me, for I am gentle and lowly in heart, and you will find rest for your souls. For My yoke is easy and My burden is light." Luke Smallbone said,
"When we were writing this song, that Matthew 11 passage came to mind. When we go through life it’s so hectic and get beaten down and we go through so many trials. The truth is that we have a Father who is waiting to hold onto us. He’s someone we can rest in and He gives us that perfect peace. That’s what I love about the song, the verses are talking about real life. The chorus is just crying out to God. There comes those defining moments in each of our lives where we so severely need someone to hold on to us. It seems we are all, in different ways, shapes and forms, busted to some degree. This song is an honest confession: I can’t do this thing called life on my own. I need something, or more specifically, someone greater than myself to hold on to me."

</doc>
<doc id="36704975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704975" title="Omran Jesmi">
Omran Jesmi

Omran Mohamed Al Jesmi is a UAE football Defender who played for United Arab Emirates in the 2004 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Shabab and Al Jazira

</doc>
<doc id="36704987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704987" title="Copier (disambiguation)">
Copier (disambiguation)

A copier or photocopier is a machine for producing paper duplicates of documents and images.
Copier may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36704993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36704993" title="Humaid Fakher">
Humaid Fakher

Humaid Fakher is a UAE football Defender who played for United Arab Emirates in the 2004 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Ain and Bani Yas

</doc>
<doc id="36705018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705018" title="Nawaf Mubarak">
Nawaf Mubarak

Nawaf Mubarak Al-Darmaki (; born 31 August 1981) is an Emirati football Defender who played for United Arab Emirates in the 2004 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Sharjah and Bani Yas.

</doc>
<doc id="36705022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705022" title="Athletics at the 1990 Central American Games">
Athletics at the 1990 Central American Games

Athletics competitions at the 1990 Central American Games were held at the Estadio Tiburcio Carías Andino in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, in January, 1990. 
A total of 43 events were contested, 24 by men and 19 by women.
Medal summary.
Gold medal winners and their results were published. A complete list of medal winners can be found on the MásGoles webpage
(click on "JUEGOS CENTROAMERICANOS" in the low right corner). Gold medalists were also published in other sources.

</doc>
<doc id="36705026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705026" title="Brendon Daniels">
Brendon Daniels

Brendon George Kofi Nana Osei Mainoo Daniels (born 24 September 1993) is an English footballer who currently plays as a forward for Chester.
Career.
Born in Stoke-on-Trent, Daniels started his career with Crewe Alexandra, signing a scholarship in 2010. In May 2011, he signed his first professional contract, on a two-year deal. His professional debut came in August 2012, in a 5–0 win over Hartlepool United in the Football League Cup, replacing AJ Leitch-Smith as a substitute. On 1 May 2013, he was released by Crewe due to the expiry of his contract. In January 2014, Daniels went on trial at Conference Premier side Gateshead and scored a hat trick for a Gateshead XI in a Durham Challenge Cup game against Darlington 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="36705030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705030" title="Pierre S. V. Hamot House">
Pierre S. V. Hamot House

Pierre S. V. Hamot House is a historic home located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania. The original section was built between 1827 and 1831, with the rear ell built during the 1870s. It is a two-story, brick dwelling in a vernacular Federal style. It sits on a Pennsylvania bluestone foundation and has a low-pitched roof. It was rehabilitated by the Second Century Foundation. It is the earliest surviving brick residence in Erie.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="36705031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705031" title="George Campbell Tinning">
George Campbell Tinning

George Campbell (Cam) Tinning, RCA (February 25, 1910 – February 28, 1996) was a Canadian painter, graphic designer, muralist and illustrator. He was an Official Canadian War Artist in World War Two; the only one born in Saskatchewan. Post-war he resided in Montreal but travelled extensively and painted in every Canadian province, the United States, Jamaica, Italy, France, England and Scotland.
In 1970 he was elected a full member of the RCA - Royal Canadian Academy of Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="36705045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705045" title="2013 Wimbledon Championships – Men's Singles">
2013 Wimbledon Championships – Men's Singles

Roger Federer was the defending champion but lost in the second round to World No. 116 Sergiy Stakhovsky in a massive upset. Stakhovsky was unable to build on his effort and lost in the next round in 4 sets to Jürgen Melzer. Federer's loss marked the first time since the 2004 French Open, when he lost to Gustavo Kuerten in the third round, that he had failed to reach at least the quarterfinals in a Grand Slam event. It was also the first time in Federer's career that he had lost in the second round of a major, and the first time that Federer has lost to a player ranked less than 100 since his loss to then world no. 101 Richard Gasquet at the 2005 Monte Carlo Masters.
In the first round, World No. 135 Steve Darcis produced another of the biggest upsets in recent years by defeating World No. 5 and two-time Wimbledon champion Rafael Nadal in straight sets. This came a year after Nadal's equally big upset in the second round of the 2012 Championships against Lukáš Rosol. It was the first time ever Nadal lost in the first round of a Grand Slam tournament. There was no follow-up match from Darcis as he withdrew from the tournament because of a right shoulder injury he sustained during the Nadal match.
Further history was made at the championships for American and Polish players. For the first time since the 1912 Wimbledon Championships no American men advanced past the second round. For the first time ever in a Grand Slam, a Polish man made it to the semifinal stage after Jerzy Janowicz defeated countryman Łukasz Kubot in the quarterfinals.
In the final match, Andy Murray defeated Novak Djokovic in straight sets to become the first British man to win the Wimbledon singles title since Fred Perry won in 1936, ending a 76-year drought. He was also the first Scot to win the Wimbledon title since Harold Mahony in 1896. Djokovic had advanced to the final after an epic and gruelling 5-set semifinal against Juan Martín Del Potro. At 4 hours and 43 minutes it made history as the longest semifinal ever contested at Wimbledon, breaking the previous record set by Boris Becker and Ivan Lendl at the 1989 Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36705056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705056" title="Jack Henderson">
Jack Henderson

Jack Henderson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705067" title="Steven Van Voorhees">
Steven Van Voorhees

Steven Van Voorhees (1600 – 16 February 1684) was an early Dutch settler and the patriarch of the Voorhees family line and namesakes. In 1664, he was a magistrate and founder of the Dutch Reformed Church in present day Flatlands, Brooklyn.
Early life.
Steven Van Voorhees was born in 1600 in Hees, a village in Drenthe, Netherlands. He was the son of Coert Alberts Van Voorhees, of Hees, and the eldest of seven children. He married his first wife circa 1645. Van Voorhees left the Netherlands in April, 1660, along with his wife and eight of his ten children. Records indicate that the family emigrated the Netherlands on either the ship "Borelekre," or translated, the "Spotted Cone," or the "Bonte Kol," which means the "Spotted Cow." The two children, both daughters, who stayed behind would later come to America. Some sources indicate that the name of his first wive is unknown, though others have specified that it was Aaltjen Wessels, who died circa 1675.
The name "Voorhees" is the anglicised form of "van voor Hees" which means "before" or "in front of" Hees, a small village a quarter or a mile south of Ruinen of about nine houses and fifty inhabitants. Steven Van Voorhees' paternal grandfather Coert van voor Hees resided near the front of the village of Hees.
Life in America.
Van Voorhees came to America in 1660, settling in Flatlands, Long Island. He purchased a tract of land on 29 November 1660, from Cornelius Deriksen Hoogland for three thousand guilders. Of the nine morgen of corn land, seven morgen of salt meadow, seven morgen of woodland and ten morgen of plain land, the plot included a house and house plot, as well as brewery, which he operated. In addition to being a farmer, Van Voorhees acted one of the magistrates of the Flatlands in 1664. His name appears on a 1664 and a 1667 patent, and he and his second wife were members of the Dutch Reformed Church in Flatlands, one which he founded. His will is dated 25 August 1677, which has been called a "lengthy, odd document" in which he bequeaths his entire estate to his five surviving children. In 1683, he was manager of taxes in Flatlands. Steven Van Voorhees died 16 February 1684.
Legacy.
The Van Voorhees have a family coat of arms, which was first published in America in 1880 by Elias W. Van Voorhees. He is considered the patriarch of a "pioneer family of Bergen County," and is considered the "founder," as well as the first American representative of the well-known Voorhees family line.
Among his namesakes are a street in Brooklyn, Voorhies Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="36705076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705076" title="Radio in Austria">
Radio in Austria

History.
Pre-WWII.
The first radio transmissions in Austria started in 1924 in Vienna. Programming started with classical music, daily news were not allowed to be broadcast to protect the newspaper producers. However, near the end of the 1920s, the political influence started to affect the medium radio as well. After 1933, Germany started transmitting propaganda directed at Austria, which was countered by the local radio stations. After Austria joined Germany in 1938, the Austrian radio stations became part of the German radio network.
Post-WWII.
After the end of WWII, the studio was located inside the Soviet occupation zone, so the programming had a small but noticeable Soviet influence. The other three occupation forces started their own programming as well, which competed with each other causing a huge variety of different radio stations for that time.
After Austria became independent again in 1955, programming consisted of three national radio stations, transmitted via mediumwave and FM. Because the government refused to raise the radio fees, the third program had to be closed due to lack of money in 1962. Only in 1966, after a new law was enacted, could programming restart with three programs - Ö1, Ö2 and Ö3.
Soon, the decision was made to abandon mediumwave, not just due to the lack of frequencies in Austria, but also because the alpine terrain proved to be difficult to cover by mediumwave. By 1976, only 80% of the population was covered by mediumwave at daytime, at night this number fell to 65%. Therefore, all medium wave stations were shut off, with the exception of the frequency 1476 kHz from Vienna (Sendeanlage Bisamberg) to cover Czechoslovakia. As well, a shortwave transmitter in Aldrans was used until the 80s to cover the deep Tyrolean valleys which couldn't be reached by mediumwave or FM.
Especially Ö3 was innovative with their pop music format, which was unusual in Europe in the 60s and 70s. It caused a huge popularity of the station, as well as the Austropop music genre. In 1979, Blue Danube Radio was launched to target the various United Nations personnel present in Austria.
In the 1980s, because commercial radio stations were still illegal, the first radio stations started to broadcast from foreign territory, especially South Tyrol and the former Socialist countries in the east. In 1993, the European Union condemned Austria for forbidding commercial radio stations and thus violating free speech rights. In July 1993, the monopoly of Österreichischer Rundfunk was softened, allowing the launch of the first commercial radio stations in 1995. It took until 1997 for the ban on commercial radio stations to be lifted completely, and in 1998 several new stations launched in Austria.
Like in Germany, radio in Austria was compeletely separated by state, allowing radio stations to transmit in one state only. A law change 2001 allowed licenses for country-wide radio stations to be given out. So far, the only such license is owned by KroneHit.

</doc>
<doc id="36705081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705081" title="Preparing for the Matinee">
Preparing for the Matinee

Preparing for the Matinee is an oil painting by American artist Edmund C. Tarbell, created in 1907. It is currently part of the permanent collection a the Indianapolis Museum of Art.
Description.
A young woman, identified as Charlotte Barton of Boston, sits in a green patterned chair, adjusting her pearl-tipped hatpin in a gilded mirror. A corner of Vermeer’s The Music Lesson can be seen in the upper right corner. She is dressed very elegantly, and, as suggested by the title, is going out to the matinee. The loose brushstrokes of her shirt, hair, and hat are elegantly contrasted with the solidness of the chair she is sitting in.
Historical information.
Born, raised, and educated in and around the Boston, Massachusetts area, Tarbell was interested in the lives of the women who lived in the area. Tarbell was the leader of the Boston School, a group of artists who painted women in interior and exterior settings, usually active in mundane, domestic activities. Using impressionist techniques, they bring to life these seemingly dull activities with their lively brushstrokes. Tarbell concentrated on the world of upper-class women, depicting them elegantly in the latest fashions. These women exemplified the Boston Brahmin lifestyle.
Acquisition.
The painting was originally purchased by Washington University in Saint Louis in 1909, and loaned to the City Art Museum. It was sold by the Kende Galleries in New York in 1945 to the J.W. Young Art Gallery at Chicago. John G. Rauch of Indianapolis purchased the painting from the gallery, and his wife subsequently donated it to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="36705088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705088" title="John Hill House">
John Hill House

John Hill House is a historic home located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania. The original section was built about 1836, with the south and east wings added during the 1850s. A two-story, brick coach house and servants quarters was added to the property after 1891, and the original house connected to the main dwelling with the expansion of the rear ell. The main dwelling is in a transitional Greek Revival / Italian Villa "picturesque" style. It features round-headed and hooded windows, prominent brackets, balconies, porches, and window bays. It is faced with scored poured concrete and clapboard and topped with a gable roof.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It is located in the West Sixth Street Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="36705094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705094" title="John Wolters">
John Wolters

John Wolters may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705096" title="Prospertown Lake">
Prospertown Lake

Prospertown Lake is a man-made lake and wildlife management area, located on County Route 537 in the Prospertown section of Jackson Township, New Jersey, adjacent to Six Flags Great Adventure.
In September 2011, a falling water level caused by the lake's drainage system failed and the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection promptly relocated thousands of fish to another body of water nearby. The lake was originally 14 feet deep.

</doc>
<doc id="36705119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705119" title="Kent Ford">
Kent Ford

Kent Ford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705139" title="Salman Yusuff Khan">
Salman Yusuff Khan

Salman Yusuff Khan (born 12 June 1985) is an Indian dancer. He won the dance reality show "Dance India Dance" Season 1. After winning the show, Khan appeared in the title song of "Wanted". He then did the music video "Dance Of Death" for the movie "Rakta Charitra "and in the video "Alive" (2011). He appeared in the film "Sukoon - Vaishali Made" . He was a choreographer for Yana Gupta in "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa" (season 4), with Isha Sharvani in "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa" (season 5). Khan's debut movie, "", under the direction of Remo d'souza, was released on 8 February 2013. He has won the 6th season of the reality show "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa" with Drashti Dhami.

</doc>
<doc id="36705155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705155" title="Thayer-Thompson House">
Thayer-Thompson House

Thayer-Thompson House is a historic home located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania. It was completed in 1861, and is a two-story, five bay, brick irregularly shaped dwelling. It is a combined Tuscan Villa / Italianate style building. It features round-headed windows, prominent brackets, hipped roof with overhanging eaves, and square roof belvedere. It has an enclosed porch with Corinthian order pilasters.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="36705159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705159" title="St Ambrose’s Episcopal Church (Antigo, Wisconsin)">
St Ambrose’s Episcopal Church (Antigo, Wisconsin)

St. Ambrose Episcopal Church, Antigo, Wisconsin (formerly known as St. Joseph's), United States, is a mission congregation of the Episcopal Diocese of Fond du Lac. The congregation first met in 1883, organizing in 1886.
History.
The first service in Antigo was held in November, 1883, when the Rev. Walter R. Gardner was called from Fond du Lac to baptize Bessie and Euphemia, infant daughters of Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Lewis and Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Hill. On Sunday, January 3, 1886, Bishop John Henry Hobart Brown first Bishop of Fond du Lac, visited Antigo and formally organized St. Joseph's mission. Services were held the last Sunday in each month in Odd Fellows' Hall. In April 1886, Jameson, who had just been ordained, came into residence and began to hold services every Sunday. About forty children were baptized, a lot was bought on the east side of Milton street south of Sixth Avenue, and a frame church built at the cost of about $800. The building was moved twice then used as a parish hall until sold and moved in 1948.
In 1907 a stone church and vicarage was started under Rev. W. Fred Allen and when dedicated in 1908 changed from St. Joseph to St. Ambrose. It was completed in 1909. in 1947, a donation from Meda Zobel at Christmas paid off the remaining mortgage debt of $437.00. A memorial garden was added in the 1980s.
The church was rewired in 1960. The Sacristy was renewed in 1967 with a new sink, cupboards, lighting, and other improvements. The flat roof over the Sacristy and choir room was replaced by a peaked one in 1987 - 88 and the interior of the church was insulated in 1987. It was also during this time that the stained glass windows were repaired.
St. Ambrose Today.
The size of the congregation has grown and diminished and grown again, many times reflecting the growth or lack of growth of the Antigo area. While about half of the members live in Antigo, many of the faithful live many miles from the church. It is the hope of the congregation of St. Ambrose that more people will come to join in the community of the faithful in this church. Efforts are made to meet the changing interests and needs of the surrounding community.
Many programs and activities have been offered to increase the faith and knowledge of current members as well as newcomers. Episcopal Church Women, St. Therese Guild, and the Daughters of the King continue to be active groups for women in the congregation. Solo Flight, a ministry for single persons in the church or those who are looking for a church, began in 2007. Cursillo once again has become an active interest. Godly Play, a children’s Christian education program has been initiated. The Alpha Program and Via Media have been offered to strengthen the faith of the people of the congregation. Each year there are Baptisms, Confirmations, Receptions, deaths, marriages, and new faces in the pews.
In the commemorative booklet published to celebrate the centennial of St. Ambrose in 1986, one of the goals was stated as “increasing spiritual growth as thankfulness to God for 100 years of being His witness in Antigo.” May this increasing spiritual growth continue to show our thankfulness to God as we continue to be God’s witnesses in this place.
Clergy Serving.
This is listing of clergy who have served as missionaries, vicars or deacons.
Antigo, St. Ambrose (St. Joseph's)

</doc>
<doc id="36705165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705165" title="Julio Buffarini">
Julio Buffarini

Julio Alberto Buffarini (, 18 August 1988) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a midfielder for San Lorenzo.

</doc>
<doc id="36705170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705170" title="Attakathi">
Attakathi

Attakathi (; ) is a 2012 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film directed by Pa. Ranjith, a former assistant of Venkat Prabhu. Produced by Thirukumaran Entertainment and distributed by Studio Green, it stars Dinesh, Nandita and Aishwarya. The film garnered attention after being praised and promoted by several acclaimed directors. It released on 15 August 2012 on the Independence Day of India. "Attakathi" fetched positive reviews and emerged successful at the box office.
Plot.
Dinakaran (Dinesh) referred as Atta among his friends is a regular semi-urban teenager growing up in a small village in the outskirts of Chennai. He did well in his school exams, but failed his English paper. Rather than studying for the second attempt, he wastes time looking for a girlfriend since he has made a pact with his best friends; to fall in love and get married.
Dinakaran first falls for a girl he meets at the bus stop named Poornima (Nandita). She appears to like him too as she smiles at him and accepts his gifts. But when he goes after her, she suddenly refers to him as 'big brother' and tells him to stop following her around as she feels awkward. Dinakaran tries to feel sad, but he cannot since he was never really in love in the first place. It was just an infatuation. Dinakaran next starts wooing a distant relative who comes visiting at his house. Unfortunately, she turns out to have fallen in love with his elder brother. He then gets beaten up by the boys at a neighboring village for following two of their girls. He learns martial arts to protect himself and impress the girls, but nothing of that sort works out.
Dinakaran finally gives up on falling in love and concentrates on his studies. He finally passes his English test and enrolls into the local college. He is taken under the wing of an overprotective senior, who is the self-proclaimed underground student leader whom everyone refers to as 'route thala' or designated don of a route/street. Dinakaran's life takes a sudden turn as he mixes with the wrong group. He becomes less sociable and is always involved in fights and other problems. When his senior finally graduates, he makes Dinakaran the next 'route thala.' Dinakaran takes his responsibility very seriously and is soon both respected and feared by all the students in his college.
One day, Dinakaran gets a new junior in the form of Poornima (Nandita), his childhood friend and one of the girls he tried to woo as a teenager. He tries to avoid her as it reminds him of the time he was a complete loser who was constantly humiliated by his own feeble attempts to impress girls. As time passes, he cannot avoid falling in love with Poornima, especially when she shows him an old bus ticket he bought for her. She only keeps things from people she really like as a kind of memorabilia. Dinakaran is convinced that she is in love with him too, but cannot bring himself to propose to her. He even changes back to his old haircut and the usual way he used to dress just because Poornima likes it more. His family and friends tease him, which embarrasses him deeply. But once Poornima complements him on his new look, he does not mind anymore.
Things take a turn for the worst when Poornima's family finds out she is in love with someone they disapprove of and they fix an arranged marriage for her. Dinakaran panics and recruits his old friends to help him out. His parents seemingly allow him to leave home and bless his actions. Most of his friend decide to arrange for Dinakaran to elope with Poornima with the help of their relatives, though one of them disagrees as he feels they should ask Poornima how she really feels and then decide what they should do. However, Dinakaran becomes impatient and goes after Poornima, only to face her elder brother in an ensuing fight. Dinakaran manage to escape and waits for Poornima at the place they had arranged to meet, but she never shows up.
Dinakaran then takes the public bus back home, where he meets Poornima. As it turns out, she was never in love with Dinakaran in the first place. Her lover was another boy named Dinakaran, which made her family assume he was the one she was in love with all the while. While her family was busy going after Dinakaran, Poornima had already married the other Dinakaran and was now on the way to watch a movie with her newly wedded husband. Dinakaran is heartbroken, but cannot stay sad forever, and bounces back quickly as he soon realizes he was never in love with Poornima at all, it was all just a phase of infatuation once again.
Post-credits it reveals that Dinakaran studied hard and managed to become a teacher, while taking care of his mother and has finally tied the knot.
Soundtrack.
"Attakathi"'s soundtrack was composed by newcomer Santhosh Narayanan, who previously worked as an assistant to composer A. R. Rahman except 'Nadukadalula Kappala' by the singer Gaana Bala himself. The launch of the album took place on 9 January 2012 at Sathyam Cinemas. Celebrities including directors Venkat Prabhu, Sasi, Vetrimaran, composer Yuvan Shankar Raja, producers Abirami Ramanathan, S. Thanu, T. Siva and actors Shiva, Vaibhav Reddy and S. P. B. Charan among others. The album consists of seven tracks. Mastering of the songs was done at Studios 301 in Sydney, Australia.
Tracklist
Critical Reception.
"Attakathi" received mostly positive reviews upon release. Rediff's Pavithra Srinivasan rated it 3.5 out of 5 and cited: "Though "Attakathi"'s second half drags a little, there's no doubt that "Attakathi" is well worth your time and patronage". Sify's critic wrote: "We recommend that you make time for this charming little treat of a film, as it has an inherent sweetness and honesty that will stay with you". Behindwoods rated the film 2.5 out of 5 and noted that it was "realistic; light hearted and turns out to be quite a ride, with its share of speed bumps", while calling it a "roller-coaster ride". Similarly, Rohit Ramachandran of Nowrunning.com concluded that it was "simple, modest, and light", giving it 3 out of 5. Vivek Ramz of in.com rated it 3.5/5 stating that it was a "small yet beautiful film with its heart at the right place. It definitely deserves a watch for its refreshing screenplay and unique treatment".

</doc>
<doc id="36705180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705180" title="Badak, Bor">
Badak, Bor

Badak is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. At it is situated in the Central Anatolian plains. Its distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Badak was 320 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36705187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705187" title="Didier Malige">
Didier Malige

Didier Malige (né Christian Malige; September 5, 1948) is a French hairstylist. Raised in Paris, France, Malige has been called a hair visionary by the New York Times and other commentators.
Biography.
Malige’s career began in the mid 1960s when, as a teenager, he joined Carita Paris’s premier salon as an apprentice. He went on to work at the salon of former Carita stylist, Jean Louis David, who made him part of a little group of young hairdressers for magazine work. Malige worked with photographers Helmut Newton, who he credits for his first big break on a French Vogue assignment, Bob Richardson, and Guy Bourdin. In the 1970s Malige set off to launch his career in New York where he first worked with Bruce Webber for Seventeen Magazine, Mademoiselle & GQ. 
Over the decades Malige has become known for his collaborations with photographers including, Patrick Demarchelier, Arthur Elgort, Hans Feurer, Annie Leibovitz, Mario Testino, Mario Sorrenti, Craig McDean, Mert Alas & Marcus Piggott, Inez van Lamsweerde &Vinoodh Matadin, David Sims, and Terry Richardson. and fashion houses includingDior, Dior Homme, Helmut Lang, Jil Sander, Raf Simons, Hedi Slimane, and Ralph Lauren. 
Some of the fashion brands who have worked with Malige for their runway presentations and advertising campaigns include Proenza Schouler, Giorgio Armani, Dior Homme, Prabal Gurung, Philosophy, Band of Outsiders, Rachel Zoe, Prada, Miu Miu, Yves Saint Laurent, Louis Vuitton, Bottega Veneta, Bulgari, Calvin Klein, Ermenegildo Zegna, Giorgio Armani and Net -a- Porter. Malige’s work has appeared in fashion magazines including American, English & Italian Vogue, W Magazine, Harper’s Bazaar, Allure, Vanity Fair, Self Service, i-D, and Interview (Magazine). 
His relationship with the Frederic Fekkai brand has spanned over two decades.
Personal.
Malige has been living with his partner, Grace Coddington, the Creative Director of US Vogue, and their collection of cats for over 25 years. In 2006, they released a book ‘The Catwalk Cats’ in which Malige had taken photographs of his home life and their cats whilst Coddington wrote and illustrated how she perceived the cats personalities to be. 
Didier Malige is currently represented by Art Partner.

</doc>
<doc id="36705190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705190" title="Kikkia">
Kikkia

Kikkia (sometimes given as Kikkiya), inscribed m"Ki-ik-ki-a" was the 28th purported ruler of Assyria to be recorded on the Assyrian King List. He was listed after Sulili, the son of Aminu, and before Akia, rulers who all bore distinctly Hurrian names, but his relationship with these individuals is unknown as it is provided in no extant source.
Biography.
His name is given as the second of a group of rulers “(named) on bricks whose eponyms are not found,” suggesting he preceded the period when an annual limmu official was appointed and gave his name to the year. Consequently, the length of his reign is undetermined.
Apart from his appearance in two copies of the Assyrian Kinglist (the Khorsabad and SDAS copies, but not Nassouhi one which is damaged at the top where he might have appeared), he is only known from two building inscriptions of his successors. The earliest of these is that of Aššur-rā’im-nišēšu, ca. 1398–1391 BC, who commemorated his reconstruction of the wall of the inner city of Aššur by listing the previous restorers on a commemorative cone, beginning with Kikkia. The later king, Salmānu-ašarēd III also restored this wall and gave credit to his predecessor in his inscription.
The erection of a defensive wall suggests that Kikkia may have won his independence from waning Ur III influence. An earlier Assyrian "šakkanakkum" (KIŠ.NITA2) and chief magistrate of Aššur, Zāriqum, who was omitted from the extant copies of the king lists, was a contemporary and vassal of Šulgi (2029–1982 BC) and AMAR-Sîn of Ur (1981–1973 BC), so one would suppose that Kikkia must have reigned after this time.

</doc>
<doc id="36705198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705198" title="Prospertown, New Jersey">
Prospertown, New Jersey

Prospertown is an unincorporated community within Jackson Township, New Jersey, United States. The community is home to Prospertown Lake and is adjacent to Six Flags Great Adventure, both located on County Route 537 (Monmouth Road). 
Prospertown was once a village, consisting of a hotel, several homes, and a gristmill.

</doc>
<doc id="36705200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705200" title="2013 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Singles">
2013 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Singles

Serena Williams was the defending champion, but lost to Sabine Lisicki in the fourth round. This was the fourth time in a row that Lisicki defeated the reigning French Open champion at Wimbledon; Svetlana Kuznetsova in 2009, Li Na in 2011, Maria Sharapova in 2012, and Williams in 2013 (Lisicki did not play in 2010, although she did defeat the 2010 champion, Francesca Schiavone, in the first round in 2013).
The exits of Li Na and Petra Kvitová in the quarterfinals ensured that the eventual tournament victor would be a first-time Grand Slam winner. Sabine Lisicki was the first German finalist in a Grand Slam since Steffi Graf at the 1999 Wimbledon Championships (lost to Davenport), while Marion Bartoli was the first French female player to appear in a major final since her own 2007 Wimbledon final (lost to Venus Williams).
Bartoli won in the final in straight sets to claim her first Wimbledon title, the first French major champion since Amélie Mauresmo in 2006. She won the Championships without dropping a set. By winning a Grand Slam title in her 47th appearance, she broke the previous women's record of 45, set by Jana Novotná in 1998, for most appearances in a Grand Slam tournament before winning.

</doc>
<doc id="36705204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705204" title="Athletics at the 1986 Central American Games">
Athletics at the 1986 Central American Games

Athletics competitions at the 1986 Central American Games were held at the Estadio Nacional Mateo Flores in Ciudad de Guatemala, Guatemala, in January 1986.
A total of 40 events were contested, 24 by men and 16 by women.
Medal summary.
Gold medal winners and their results were published. A complete list of medal winners can be found on the MásGoles webpage
(click on "JUEGOS CENTROAMERICANOS" in the low right corner). Gold medalists were also published in other sources.
All results are marked as "affected by altitude" (A), because Ciudad de
Guatemala is located at 1,592 m above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="36705210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705210" title="Chris Cheng">
Chris Cheng

Chris Cheng (born 14 December 1979 in Mission Viejo, California) is an American sport shooter and The History Channel's "Top Shot" Season 4 Champion. Along with the title of "Top Shot", Cheng won a $100,000 cash prize and a professional marksman contract with the show's sponsor, Bass Pro Shops.
Background.
Cheng was born to Benjamin and Maggie Cheng. His father is Chinese American, and his mother is Japanese Cuban. He has a younger sister, Allison.
He attended the University of California, Los Angeles from 1998-2003 where he majored in Political Science, with a focus on American government and political media. He holds a Masters degree in International Policy Studies from the Monterey Institute of International Studies where he specialized in conflict resolution and international negotiations, and was President of his class. He is fluent in Spanish. Cheng also holds an Advanced Project Management certification from Stanford University.
Cheng is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity and was a re-founding father of his chapter at UCLA where he served in numerous leadership roles. He was the Grand Sweepstakes winner in UCLA's 2001 Spring Sing talent show competition. In 2003, Cheng served as Co-Chair of the 26-hour UCLA Dance Marathon where 2,000 students, faculty, and staff raised $54,000 for the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation, which was noted as "one of the largest college fundraising events on the West Coast." Upon graduating in 2003, he was conferred with the "UCLA Chancellor's Service Award."
Career.
Cheng worked for Google, Inc. from 2007-2012 in many capacities, primarily in technical support for Google Apps, as well as a product lead in Google.org's Google for Nonprofits Program. Chris served on the GoogleEDU leadership faculty where he trained teams and individuals on interpersonal communication and the fundamentals of leadership. He left Google in June 2012 to pursue his professional marksman contract full-time.
Cheng is an NRA News Commentator where he provides his opinions and commentary on a variety of issues. He also tours Bass Pro Shops across the country interacting with customers; shooting in 3-gun, USPSA, IDPA, and IPSC competitions, and working with the National Rifle Association and National Shooting Sports Foundation on promoting the shooting sport. Cheng is a Lifetime member of the National Rifle Association and is an NRA Certified Pistol, Rifle, and Shotgun Instructor.
Cheng's book "Shoot to Win" reveals how he trained to win Top Shot, as well as how he empowers himself to succeed in life. Cheng is a Staff Writer for The Firearm Blog where he writes about firearms and gear in his post-"Top Shot" experiences.
Cheng was featured in the Second Amendment documentary Assaulted: Civil Rights Under Fire (2013) alongside Ted Nugent and Ice-T. He was on 13 episodes of Top Shot Season 4, and was a special guest on the premiere and season finale of Top Shot Season 5: All-Stars.
Cheng is an inspirational public speaker, represented by The Harry Walker Agency.
Cheng's website and blog is at TopShotChris.com. His future career plans include running for public office.
Other interests.
Cheng is on the Board of Directors for the San Francisco Opera BRAVO! Club. He is also a volunteer baritone singer for the San Francisco Symphony Chorus. He played double bass from ages 13–22 in both orchestras and jazz bands.
He is a co-founder of Home for a Home, a nonprofit organization which collects donations from real estate brokers to build homes for those in need.
In December 2013 Cheng publicly came out as gay on his official blog. He did so in the hopes of breaking down stereotypes both about gay people and gun enthusiasts.
Cheng enjoys snowboarding, foodie culture, poker, and traveling.

</doc>
<doc id="36705213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705213" title="Yasmina Baddou">
Yasmina Baddou

Yasmina Baddou ( – born 23 October 1962, Rabat) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal party. Between 2007 and 2012, she held the position of Minister of Health in the cabinet of Abbas El Fassi, she previously was Secretary of State for Family Affairs in the cabinet Driss Jettou.
Yasmina Baddou studied at the "Mission laïque française" ("Lycée Descartes of Rabat") and has a master's degree in law from the Mohammed V University of Rabat, she worked as a lawyer before becoming active in politics.
Family.
She is the daughter of "Aicha Bennani" and Abderrahmane Baddou, a Moroccan diplomat, politician and ex-ambassador and is married to Ali Fassi Fihri, brother of Taieb Fassi Fihri the former Minister of Foreign Affairs of Morocco.
Her maternal aunt Aziza Bennani was Secretary of State for Culture in the cabinet of Abdellatif Filali and is the current representative of Morocco at the UNESCO.
Her cousin Ali Baddou, is co-host of Le Grand Journal, a daily talk show of French television channel Canal+.

</doc>
<doc id="36705219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705219" title="Amos Chapman">
Amos Chapman

Amos Chapman (1839–1925) was a civilian scout who was awarded the Medal of Honor for gallantry while in service of the United States Army during the Indian Wars. His medal was later revoked before he died as he was a civilian, but was reinstated in 1989. He was of mixed white and Native American ancestry, and married a Cheyenne woman, maintaining Native American customs throughout his life. In 2012, he was inducted into the Oklahoma Military Hall of Fame.
Biography.
Chapman was born in 1837 in Michigan, to white and Native American parents. He began acting as a scout for the U.S. Army and settlers in the 1860s. In 1868 he moved to Oklahoma, and was attached to the Seventh Cavalry during General Alfred Sully's actions against the Cheyenne out of Fort Dodge. Subsequently, Camp Supply was set up and Chapman worked there as an interpreter.
He married Mary Longneck, the daughter of the Cheyenne Chief Stone Calf, and had six children with her. He lived for a time with her tribe. In July 1874, he volunteered to scout for the U.S. Army once more, and scouted for Lt. Frank Baldwin. On 12 September, he was involved in an action which would earn him a Medal of Honor. Chapman, fellow civilian Billy Dixon and four soldiers were confronted with a force of over a hundred Comanches and Kiowas. At Battle of Buffalo wallow, as it became known, the small group made its way to a defensive position in a buffalo wallow, where it held out until the weather caused the Native American force to break off their attack. What happened during the battle is disputed. At one point either Dixon or Chapman was injured and stranded outside of the wallow and the other ventured out to retrieve his fellow scout. Chapman's story goes that he pulled Dixon up onto his back, and had to stop on his return several times to eliminate the Native Americans who were attempting to shoot him and Dixon. With a quarter of a mile to go before they reached the wallow, Chapman was shot in shin on his right leg, which shattered the bone. He continued to drag himself and Dixon the rest of the way back to the wallow, whilst under fire. However, Dixon's story is that Chapman was already injured and Dixon retrieved him and pulled him back to the wallow. Lieutenant General Nelson A. Miles would later say of Chapman's actions that they were "one of the bravest deeds in the annals of the army." Chapman's leg was amputated by a surgeon at Camp Supply, and all the survivors were awarded a Medal of Honor.
Chapman subsequently wore a prosthetic leg, and continued to serve as camp interpreter during the commotion following the Dull Knife Fight in 1879. The Native Americans referred to him as Tam-e-yukh-tah, which translated as "the man with the cut off leg". He later retired from service and settled with his wife and family near Seiling, Oklahoma. He reportedly still slept on occasion in a teepee. Chapman would visit Miles annually in Washington. He died on 18 July 1925 as a result of injuries suffered from a wagon accident. He was due to speak as part of the lyceum circuit at the time of his death. He was buried in Brumfield Cemetery, Dewey County, Oklahoma.
Medal of Honor and legacy.
Chapman's medal was revoked in a review in 1916–17, along with several other awards made to civilian scouts. It was restored in 1989. His citation reads "The President of the United States of America, in the name of Congress, takes pleasure in presenting the Medal of Honor to Civilian Scout Amos Chapman, a United States Civilian, for gallantry in action on 12 September 1874, while serving as an Indian Scout with the 6th U.S. Cavalry, at Washita River, Texas." He was admitted into the Oklahoma Military Hall of Fame as one of the 2012 inductees.

</doc>
<doc id="36705228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705228" title="Sandon Berg">
Sandon Berg

Sandon Berg (born July 15, 1971) was raised in Huntsville, Alabama. He is an American film producer and screenwriter as well as an actor with past roles in both film and television. He co-founded United Gay Network, a film production company, with his longtime partner, Michael Akers.
Biography.
Having finished high school in Huntsville in 1989, Berg then attended Florida State University in Tallahassee where he earned a BFA. He moved to Los Angeles to work in the entertainment industry. Over the years, he worked in various film production jobs and even starred in several leading brand commercials. He had met Michael Akers in 1998 and the two began writing and producing films together, with Akers also directing and editing. United Gay Network was fully established in 2002 and its first long feature film was Gone, But Not Forgotten, a groundbreaking gay film that explores the question of sexuality as a choice.
Personal life.
Today Berg lives with his partner, Akers, in New York City, to which they gradually transitioned after a period of caring for their grandparents. They met for the first time on a blind date in the late 1990s.
United Gay Network.
United Gay Network is a production house founded by Michael Akers and Sandon Berg. Akers and Berg have released their films through the company.
In forming United Gay Network ten years ago, the longtime partners aspired not only to promote the genre of "gay films" but also tried to bring gay cinema closer to mainstream cinema. As Berg stated in a radio interview, he and Akers were striving to create stories that would crossover to a broader audience. 
Nowhere is this more apparent than in their latest production "Morgan". Berg said: "I think "Morgan" is a very universal story. I don’t think it is gay-specific at all.” "Morgan" is the story of a gay and paralyzed young athlete that defies stereotypes and pushes through boundaries. The lead character, a young athlete, named Morgan Oliver, is first seen wallowing in a state of depression, drowning his sorrows in beer as he watches bicycle racing (the sport that at once defined his sense of purpose and drove him to his catalytic accident) on television. 
Morgan achieves a depth that even exceeds UGN's first long feature film, ""Gone, But Not Forgotten", itself considered ground breaking and to have set the pace for normalizing the portrayal of gay people in cinema.
Each successive film produced by UGN has increasingly pushed limits and expanded the range of Akers and Berg as filmmakers. With each film, Akers and Berg shook things up. "Matrimonium" was a unique foray into comedy that played to reality show hype, while addressing homosexual stereotypes, and "Phoenix" was yet another step, into the suspenseful and mysterious journey of two jilted lovers following the trail of their mutual betrayer.

</doc>
<doc id="36705233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705233" title="Bereke, Bor">
Bereke, Bor

Bereke (also called Bereket) is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. It is situated in the Central Anatolian plains on Turkish state highway . Its distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Bereke was 188 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36705243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705243" title="Watson-Curtze Mansion">
Watson-Curtze Mansion

Watson-Curtze Mansion, is a historic home located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania. It was designed by the Buffalo architectural firm of Green & Wicks and built in 1891–1892. It is a 3 1/2-story, two bay, brownstone mansion in the Richardsonian Romanesque style. It features a short tower, smooth piers with decorated capitals, windows with transoms, carved tympanum, and deep-set windows. The also has stained glass windows, oak flooring, an elevator, 12 fireplaces, and a solarium. Also on the property is a contributing carriage house. It is owned by the Erie County Historical Society and operated as a historic house museum.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is located in the West Sixth Street Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="36705244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705244" title="Broadwood (constituency)">
Broadwood (constituency)

Broadwood is one of the 11 constituencies of the Wan Chai District Council in Hong Kong. The seat elects one member of the council every four years. it was first created in 1999 and is now held by former radio agony aunt and celebrity Pamela Peck. The boundary is loosely based on the area of Broadwood Road.

</doc>
<doc id="36705259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705259" title="Leopold Schenk">
Leopold Schenk

Leopold Schenk (23 August 1840, Ürmény, Hungary - 17 August 1902, Schwanberg, Styria) was an Austrian embryologist.
Biography.
He graduated from the University of Vienna in 1865 and was appointed assistant professor of embryology there in 1873. He attained world-wide notoriety and the censure of the medical profession generally for his theories concerning sex control of the embryo through the diet of the mother. He also worked the theory into an elaborate plan for control of the development of the race. He was eventually forced to resign his position in the university.
Works.
Besides several textbooks, he was author of "Einfluss auf das Geschlechtsverhältniss des Menchen und der Thiere" (1898; Eng. trans., "The Determination of Sex", 1898).

</doc>
<doc id="36705267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705267" title="Horikawa H-23B-2">
Horikawa H-23B-2

The Horikawa H-23B-2 is a two seat training glider designed and built in Japan in the 1950s. It was produced in small numbers.
Design and development.
The Horikawa H-23B-2 is a more advanced trainer than the same designer's H-22B-3. Ikuo Horikawa was a director of the Hagiwara Glider Company which built both types. It is a high braced wing monoplane, with a pair of V-form struts supporting the wing on both sides. The wing is a two spar structure, covered with a mixture of plywood and fabric. It is tapered and has 1° 20' of dihedral. There are wooden, fabric covered ailerons and spoilers on the upper surface.
The H-23B-2 has a steel tube framed, fabric covered, polygonal section fuselage. Its two seat tandem cockpit is enclosed, the top of the canopy blending into the wing leading edge. Aft, the fuselage is built up to the trailing edge but tapers away rearward. The tail unit has cantilever, straight edged, fabric covered wooden structured surfaces with the horizontal tail on top of the fuselage and placed well forward of the rudder. The undercarriage is a fixed monowheel, assisted by a rubber sprung skid under the nacelle and a tail skid.
The first flight was made on 10 September 1956; at least eight were produced.

</doc>
<doc id="36705271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705271" title="Horikawa H-22B-3">
Horikawa H-22B-3

The Horikawa H-22B-3 is a simple, open frame, two seat primary trainer glider designed and built in Japan in the 1950s.
Design and development.
The H-22B-3 was one of the first gliders to be built in Japan after World War II. Its open fuselage structure and overall simplicity was similar to the pre-war Zögling and its descendants but it was larger and had tandem seating. Many deaths and injuries have been ascribed to the pre-war practice of using single seat primary gliders. The H-22B-3's designer, Ikuo Horikawa, was a director of the Hagiwara Glider Company which built it.
The H-22B-3 has a simple wooden two spar wing of constant chord and dihedral 1° 20', covered with fabric. The wing is high mounted, braced to the lower fuselage by a pair of V-form struts on both sides. Upper surface spoilers are fitted.
The fuselage of the H-22B-3 is constructed from steel tube with a fabric covered nacelle extending forward from about the wing trailing edge. This contains the two open, under wing, tandem cockpits. Aft, the uncovered fuselage has two members, one directly above the other and interconnected by a series of diagonal stiffening tubes. The lower longitudinal member slopes slightly upwards, tapering the fuselage in profile. This tail boom is stiffened with bracing wires to the wing spars. The rearmost section of the fuselage can be fabric covered but there is no other fixed fin. The tail unit is wooden with fabric covering and both vertical and horizontal surfaces are roughly rectangular. The tailplane is attached to the upper fuselage beam far enough forward for the rudder, which extends to the keel, to need only a small cut-out in the elevators. The H-22B-3 lands on a fixed monowheel, assisted by a rubber sprung skid under the nacelle and a tail bumper.
The H-22B-3 was flown for the first time in August 1953. By 1966 at least 30 had been produced, though production may have ended earlier. 

</doc>
<doc id="36705274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705274" title="L.A.D. Mita 3">
L.A.D. Mita 3

The Kirigamine Mita is a training glider, seating two in tandem, designed in Japan in the early 1960s. A modified version, first flown in 1966, was produced in modest numbers.
Design and development.
The original Mita 3 was designed and built by the Kirigamine Glider Manufacturing Co and flown in 1962. It was then developed and produced in an improved version, the kai 1, by the Light Aircraft Development Co. (L.A.D.) with production later taken over in turn by the Tainan Industry Co., so that the aircraft is also known as the Tainan Mita 3. The kai 1 first flew in 1966.
The Mita 3 is of mixed steel and wood construction, largely covered with plywood and fabric. The shoulder wing is in three pieces, with an unswept, straight leading edge and a centre panel of constant chord; the outer panels are straight tapered. All panels are built around plywood covered single box spars. The Mita designer, Asahi Miyahara, chose a NACA series 6 airfoil, popular at the time, which aimed to optimise laminar flow. The ailerons and the rear wing surfaces are fabric covered and the outer panels are demountable for transportation, the joints covered with aluminium fairings. The wing tips are glass-plastic mouldings. Schempp-Hirth airbrakes, located near mid-chord at the ends of the centre section, extend both above and below the wings.
The fuselage of the Mita 3 is steel framed with wooden stringers, polygonal in cross-section and fabric covered apart from a glass reinforced plastic (GRP) nose cone and a short GRP dorsal fairing behind the cockpit. The rear of the single piece, starboard side hinged canopy rises upwards above the rear fuselage line, allowing the instructor to be placed above the pupil pilot in the front seat, with an upper and two small side transparencies to assist his view. The fuselage tapers gently rearwards to the straight tapered tail surfaces; the tailplane is mounted on the top of the fuselage and is, like the wing, a ply box structure with fabric covering aft and carrying fabric covered elevators with a cut out for rudder movement. The fin is similarly plywood skinned, with a small GRP fillet; the rudder, which extends to the keel, is fabric covered, mass balanced and has a GRP tip. The Mita 3 lands on a fixed, rubber sprung monowheel undercarriage and a fixed tailskid.
Operational history.
37 Mita 3 ka 1 aircraft had been produced by the start of 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="36705275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705275" title="Centrair 201 Marianne">
Centrair 201 Marianne

The Centrair 201 Marianne is a training glider seating two in tandem, designed and built in France in the 1980s. It was intended to replace the numerous but ageing gliders equipping French gliding clubs; when Centrair ceased trading in 1988 some eighty Mariannes had been sold, fewer than hoped.
Design and development.
French government support for gliding was generous immediately after World War II but was fading by the 1980s. The Fédération Français de Vol à Voile (FFVV), who administered the French gliding movement, had to become self-financing and were central players in an effort to retain a viable gliding manufacturing base in France. By that time there was a need for a new two seat training glider to replace the existing club fleet of some 270 Wassmer Bijaves, so a competition was launched and won by Centrair. The Marianne design gained financial support from the Ministry of Transport and design support from Dassault Aviation and the Office Nationale d'Etude de Recherche Aerospatiale (ONERA).
The Marianne has a shoulder wing mounted with 3° of dihedral. It has a single spar formed from glassfibre rovings, around which the laminar flow wing profile and ailerons are made from polyvinyl chloride (PVC) foam and glass-reinforced plastic (GRP) sandwich. There are no flaps; double plate aluminium airbrakes extend only above the upper wing surface.
The fuselage is a monocoque pod and boom structure also built with composite sandwich layers, but with carbon fibre added. Its T-tail is constructed from GRP; the tailplane carries an elevator. There is no provision for water ballast. The two tandem seats have a common upper line but two single piece canopies, the forward one forward hinged and the rear opening to starboard. The undercarriage is fixed, with a main monowheel, fitted with an hydraulic brake, placed at the pod-boom transition within a prominent fairing and assisted by a smaller nosewheel.
The Marianne made its first flight on 19 September 1985 and received certification on 29 January 1987.
There were plans for later versions: an advanced trainer with flaps and retractable undercarriage; a higher performance Marianne with longer span (20.9 m; 68 ft 7 in); and a motorized, self launching version. None of these seem to have been built before Centrair ceased trading after producing eighty Mariannes.
Operational history.
The Marianne got mixed reviews at club level: its performance was good, perhaps somewhere between that of two of its best contemporaries, the Grob Twin Astir and the Schempp-Hirth Janus, the airbrakes worked well and its build quality and viceless handling were also praised. Criticism focussed on the rear seat, which was said to be uncomfortable with restricted views, and the difficult rigging and de-rigging procedures.
Sixty-five Mariannes appeared on the civil aircraft registers of mainland Europe in 2010. The September 2012 UK register lists two more. Another was in Australia in 2003, though not immediately airworthy.

</doc>
<doc id="36705281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705281" title="2013 US Open (tennis)">
2013 US Open (tennis)

The 2013 US Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 133rd edition of the US Open, the fourth and final Grand Slam event of the year. It took place at the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center, and ran from August 26 to September 9.
Andy Murray and Serena Williams were the defending champions in the singles events. Williams successfully defended her title, but Murray was defeated in the quarterfinals by Stanislas Wawrinka. Rafael Nadal won the men's singles.
Tournament.
The 2013 US Open was the 133rd edition of the tournament and was held at USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in New York City, New York, United States.
The tournament was an event run by the International Tennis Federation (ITF) and was part of the 2013 ATP World Tour and the 2013 WTA Tour calendars under the Grand Slam category. The tournament consisted of both men's and women's singles and doubles draws as well as a mixed doubles event. There were singles and doubles events for both boys and girls (players under 18), which was part of the Grade A category of tournaments, and after one-year break due to Paralympic Games in London singles, doubles and quad events for men's and women's wheelchair tennis players as part of the NEC tour under the Grand Slam category.
The tournament was played on hard courts and took place over a series of 17 courts, including the three main showcourts, Arthur Ashe Stadium, Louis Armstrong Stadium and Grandstand.
Point and prize money distribution.
Point distribution.
Below is a series of tables for each of the competitions showing the ranking points on offer for each event.
Prize money.
The US Open total prize money for 2013 was increased by almost nine million dollars to tournament record $34,300,000.
In the 2013 season, the US Open prize money was the highest out of four grand slam tournaments, compared to $30m at the Australian Open, $29m at French Open, and $34m at the Wimbledon Championships.
Bonus prize money.
Top three players in the 2013 US Open Series received bonus prize money, depending on where they finish in the 2013 US Open, according to money schedule below.
Singles players.
2013 US Open – Men's Singles
Singles seeds.
The following are the seeded players. Ranking and seeding are according to ATP and WTA rankings on August 19, 2013.
Wild card entries.
Below are the lists of the wild card awardees entering in the main draws.
Qualifiers entries.
Men's singles qualifiers entries.
The following player received entry as a lucky loser:
Women's singles qualifiers entries.
The following players received entry as lucky losers:

</doc>
<doc id="36705283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705283" title="Hiroshi Karube">
Hiroshi Karube

Hiroshi Karube is a paralympic swimmer from Japan competing mainly in category SB3 events.
Hiroshi competed as part of the Japanese Paralympic swimming team at both the 2004 and 2008 Summer Paralympics. In the 2004 games he swam in the 50m freestyle finishing fifth in his heat, 50m breaststroke finishing fifth in the final, 100m freestyle finishing seventh, 150m medley finishing eighth, 200m freestyle finishing seventh, he was also part of both the Japanese 4x50m freestyle team that finished seventh and the 4x50m medley that failed to make the final. In the 2004 games he had more success winning a bronze medal in the 50m breaststroke, finished sixth in the individual medley and the Japanese team finished fourth in the 4x50m freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="36705289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705289" title="The Proof of Your Love">
The Proof of Your Love

"The Proof of Your Love" is the second single by Christian alternative rock duo For King & Country from their debut album "Crave". It was release as a single on February 28, 2012, and a monologue remix was released on June 12.
Composition.
The song is a lyrical paraphrase of 1 Corinthians 13, which is a passage that speaks of love. The duo shared their personal stories with New Release Tuesday in July 2012. Luke explained, "Joel came to me in the studio that day and told me he wanted to write something that would gently nudge and encourage people and at the same time challenge them. That's a very difficult line to balance. People don't want to be challenged too much and be turned away. When we were looking at the Bible passage 1 Corinthians 13, we knew there was something significant that we hadn't written about. We decided to put those words into this song. That's how the song came to be." Joel also explained, "Adding to that, there's a powerful message in proclaiming those truths from God's Word first. The lyrics have me singing, "If I sing, but don't have love, I waste my breath with every song." Rather than have this be a judgment to listeners, it's time for me to proclaim it. Then you can make it your own and put your tent pegs in the ground and announce that you are standing by those same words."
A monologue remix entitled "The Proof of Your Love: The Monologue Mix" was released on June 12, 2012. The single includes a monologue of Joel reciting the first seven verses of 1 Corinthians 13. as the bridge instead of the guitar riff on the album version.
Chart performance.
The song peaked at number 8 on Billboard for 25 weeks. 

</doc>
<doc id="36705303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705303" title="Trachycarpus oreophilus">
Trachycarpus oreophilus

Trachycarpus oreophilus (also known as Thai mountain fan palm) is a species in the genus "Trachycarpus". It is known from two distinct populations, one in northwest Thailand, the other in Manipur in northeastern India. The Manipur population was formerly considered a separate species.
"Trachycarpus oreophilus" grows on steep mountain sides at elevations of 1200–1800 m (4000–6000 ft).

</doc>
<doc id="36705304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705304" title="Cokesbury (disambiguation)">
Cokesbury (disambiguation)

Cokesbury is a retail division of the United Methodist Publishing house.
Cokesbury may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705320" title="Trachycarpus ukhrulensis">
Trachycarpus ukhrulensis

Trachycarpus ukhrulensis is a plant species endemic to the Manipur region in Assam, India.

</doc>
<doc id="36705338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705338" title="List of Monuments of National Importance in Thrissur circle">
List of Monuments of National Importance in Thrissur circle


</doc>
<doc id="36705345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705345" title="Čičevo">
Čičevo

Čičevo () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705348" title="List of Monuments of National Importance in Chennai circle">
List of Monuments of National Importance in Chennai circle

Due to the high amount of ASI-recognized monuments in the Chennai circle, the monuments in the districts Kanchipuram and Pudukkottai are put in a separate list: 
The rest of the monuments in the Chennai circle are below:

</doc>
<doc id="36705351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705351" title="Bonipert">
Bonipert

Bonipert was the first bishop of Pécs in the Kingdom of Hungary between 1009 and 1036. Similarly to all the earliest prelates in the newly baptized kingdom, he was a foreigner, most probably from Lombardy or France. He seems to have resigned from his office five years before his death.
Life.
Most information on his life has been preserved in the "Annales Posonienses" and in a letter written by Bishop Fulbert of Chartres to him in the 1020s. Bonipert's correspondence with the Frankish prelate may reflect his French origin, but his namewhich was quite frequently mentioned in charters issued in Lombardy around 1000suggests an Italian parentage. A third source, a list of the bishops of Pécs which had by now been lost stated that Bonipert had begun his carrier in Hungary as royal chaplain in the court of Stephen I, the first king of Hungary.
Bonipert was appointed to the see of Pécs in 1009 when the deed of foundation of the new diocese was issued in Győr in the presence of the papal legate, Azo. Accordingly, the organization of the bishopric must have begun under his auspices. However, only the establishment of a cathedral school at Pécs is documented, since Bonipert's request for a work by Priscian from Bishop Fulbert of Chartres must have been connected to it.
The "Annales Posonienses" relates that Bonipert's successor, Maurus became the bishop of Pécs in 1036, but Bonipert only died in 1042. Therefore Bonipert seems to have resigned from the bishopric, most probably because of his age or health. However, neither can it be excluded that King Stephen forced him to renounce for unknown reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="36705352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705352" title="Frank Melville Memorial Park">
Frank Melville Memorial Park

The Frank Melville Memorial Park is a privately run, publicly accessible park surrounding the Melville Mill Pond in Setauket, New York. It was dedicated in 1937 to the memory of Frank Melville Jr., father of local philanthropist Ward Melville. The park was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 19, 2010. The 24 acre park contains a walking trail and is also home to the Three Village Garden Club Arboretum, which is maintained by a group of local volunteers. 
A series of mills have inhabited the Mill Pond as early as 1660. The current mill house was built with the help of Donald A. Spetta in 1937 and contains a running simulated mill wheel which continues this historical legacy. The mill house also services as the park headquarters. 
Another historic structure is the Satterly Barn which was built in the early 1700s. A stable was added around 1937 and the structure was re-sided and re-roofed in 1968 under the direction of Ward Melville. Nearby is the John Satterly House which is claimed to be one of the oldest houses in the Setauket area. It was completely restored in 1968 by Ward Melville. 
Another property owned by the park foundation is the Bates House, a 1922 Colonial Revival-style house that was acquired in 1955. The house is rented by the foundation year round for special events. 
Sitting adjacent to the park on the East side is the Patriot's Hollow State Forest. It is home to "Patriot's rock", which was once a meeting place of the Setalcott Indians and the site of Reverend Nathaniel Brewster's first sermon. During the Revolutionary war, it was the site of a skirmish with Tory forces garrisoned in the nearby Presbyterian church on August 24, 1772. The property was sold to the Three Village Community Trust in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36705354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705354" title="Oxovitisin">
Oxovitisin

Oxovitisins are a type of pyranoanthocyanin with a pyranone (2-pyrone) component found in aged Port wines. They do not contain an oxonium ion component (flavylium cation), as anthocyanins do. Therefore they do not have an absorption maximum at 520 nm. Oxovitisins are stable yellowish pigments with similar unique spectral features, displaying only a pronounced broad band around 370 nm in the UV−vis spectrum.

</doc>
<doc id="36705358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705358" title="Preparati la bara!">
Preparati la bara!

Preparati la bara! (internationally released as Django, Prepare a Coffin!, "Get the Coffin Ready", "Django Get a Coffin Ready", "Viva Django", and "Django Sees Red") is a 1968 Italian spaghetti western film directed by Ferdinando Baldi. The film stars Terence Hill in the title role, which was previously played by Franco Nero in Sergio Corbucci's original 1966 Django. "Prepare a Coffin! "is unique among the plethora of films which capitalized on Corbucci's hit in that it is not only a semi-official, legitimate follow-up, but was also originally meant to star Nero.
The main theme of the film was later reprised by the song "Crazy" by American soul duo Gnarls Barkley. The film's title song, "You'd Better Smile", is performed by Nicola Di Bari.
It was shown as part of a retrospective on Spaghetti Western at the 64th Venice International Film Festival.
Premise.
"Prepare a Coffin! "is presented as a loose prequel to Corbucci's film, but without his (or original Django Franco Nero's) collaboration. The film deals with events alluded to in Corbbuci's film, such as the murder of Django's wife (however; the circumstances of her murder differ from those inferred in the original Django). Terence Hill stars as a younger incarnation of Django, dressed in Nero's distinctive outfit (minus some accessories which Nero's chronologically older incarnation brandishes). In the beginning of "Prepare a Coffin!", Hill's younger Django works as an armed courier, delivering gold between depositories. Later, after the murder of his wife, he works as a hangman.
In the original film, Django infers that his wife was killed by the main antagonist, Major Jackson, but this was never shown on-screen. In "Prepare a Coffin!", the main antagonist, would-be senator David Barry, orders the death of both Django and his wife in order to get the gold Django was delivering for himself. Gold was the subject of the original film as well. "Prepare a Coffin!"'s final shootout takes place in a similar cemetery to that of the original film, although in a more extreme manner. Django opens fire employing his signature machine gun against Barry's henchmen (who outnumbered him by thirty to one), unlike in the original film, in which Django is forced to wield his pistol using ruined and broken hands.
Plot.
Django is wounded and his wife is killed when the gold transport that he guards is attacked by the men of his ”friend” David Barry, who wants the gold to finance a political career.
Django pretends to be dead and starts working as a hangman, who spares the lives of the condemned victims of David Barry’s conspiracies. He organises them in a band to ”haunt” the perjurers that sent them to the gallow. This is part of a plan to disclose Barry and bring him to justice. The ”hanged” are supposed to intercept an attack on a gold transport and capture Barry’s men to get evidence, but Garcia - who earlier has saved Django’s life during a fight within the group - convinces the rest of the men that instead they should take the gold for themselves. Garcia than kills the others. 
Django saves Garcia’s wife from hanging, and she then saves Django after Barry has captured him. Garcia regrets his treachery, which he explains by the fact that he is poor, and helps Django lure Barry to the graveyard, where Django digs up his own grave coffin and then kills Barry and his gang with the machinegun kept in the coffin. Garcia dies in the fight. Django leaves a sack of gold to Garcia’s wife ”for you and the children” before he leaves.
Reception.
In his investigation of narrative structures in Spaghetti Western films, Fridlund suggests that though "Preparati la bara!" is basically a story of vindication and retribution, the relationship between Django and Garcia shows some affinity with the Gringo specialist/social bandit pair in "political" spaghetti westerns like The Mercenary.
Restoration.
"Django, Prepare a Coffin!" was restored at L'Immagine Ritrovata in Bologna. The film was transferred at 2K resolution with Arriscan from a 35mm interpositive print. "Prepare a Coffin!" was digitally restored in high definition and then digitally colour corrected with Film Master by Nucoda. The sound was digitalised using the Chace Optical Sound Precessor from the original soundtrack negative. The restored high definition edition of "Prepare a Coffin!" made its Blu-ray debut in June 2013 from the United Kingdom's Arrow Video.

</doc>
<doc id="36705361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705361" title="Church of Immacolata e San Vincenzo">
Church of Immacolata e San Vincenzo

The Church of the Immacolata e San Vincenzo and its adjacent convent, are religious buildings in piazzetta San Vincenzo of the Rione Sanità of Naples, Italy.
Founded originally in the 8th century by father Gregorio Maria Rocco of Chiaia. It was erected at the site of an earlier church, titled ‘’Santa Maria di Nazareth’’. In 1758, the church along with houses on left side were reconstructed in a Baroque style using designs by Bartolomeo Vecchione. In the catacombs are buried corpses from the plague of 1656. The interior has a canvas by Pietro Bardellino, depicting "St Vincenzo recommends orphans to the Virgin Vergine", (1754). The presbytery is stuccoed in the 18th century, and holds the tomb of Sabato Manso (1747), who was the patron for the latter reconstruction.

</doc>
<doc id="36705365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705365" title="Fédération des travailleurs de Burundi">
Fédération des travailleurs de Burundi

Fédération des travailleurs de Burundi ('Workers' Federation of Burundi', abbreviated FTB) was a trade union centre in Burundi. The organization was founded in 1963. FTB was affiliated to the All-African Trade Union Federation. As of 1963 the organization claimed to have 3,000 members. FTB was linked to the UPRONA party. Augustin Ntamagara was the general secretary of FTB.
FTB was banned by the Minister of Justice in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="36705371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705371" title="Egypt at the All-Africa Games">
Egypt at the All-Africa Games

Egypt has competed at every celebration of the All-Africa Games. It's athletes have won a total of 1145 medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36705393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705393" title="Raetia football team">
Raetia football team

The Raetian national football team () represents Raetia in NF-Board association football. The current head coach is Costantino Demenga. The Raetia National Team is commonly referred to as "The Grisons".
History.
Raetia's first game led the team in December 2011 in London. Opponent was the team of the Chagos Islands. The second game took place in January 2012 on the island of Gozo against Gozo.
The first home game was on May 26, 2012 against the fifth Team of FC St. Pauli in Domat/Ems and Raetia won 6 to 0.
Raetia was qualified to play the 2012 VIVA World Cup in the northern Iraqi region of Kurdistan. In the group matches they gained a victory against Tamil Eelam and a loss to Zanzibar the 2nd rank and missed the semi-finals only because of goal difference.
National Anthem.
The National Anthem of Raetia is "A Tgalaveina":
Udis il clom en la vallada? 
Si, si vus umens dils cumins! 
La libertad el smanatschada, 
Igl inimitg ei sils confins. 
Refrain: 
Fontana muoss'a nus la via atras
Ils flugs //dils battagliuns//.
Plitost la mort che sclaveria
Ei la parola dils Grischuns.
Players & Manager.
Current squad.
Costantino Demenga named the final squad 2012.
"Caps and goals are correct as of August 1st, 2012." 
! colspan="9" style="background:#b0d3fb; text-align:left;"|
! colspan="9" style="background:#b0d3fb; text-align:left;"|
! colspan="9" style="background:#b0d3fb; text-align:left;"|
Ancient callups.
The following players have been called up for the team.
! colspan="9" style="background:#b0d3fb; text-align:left;"|
! colspan="9" style="background:#b0d3fb; text-align:left;"|
! colspan="9" style="background:#b0d3fb; text-align:left;"|
Competitive record.
EUROPEADA European Championship.
2008, 2010 and 2012 was not the Raetian national team at the tournament but a selection of the rhaeto-romance speaking part of the canton of Grisons.
Home stadium.
Raetia does not have a national stadium as such, though major matches are usually played in Chur, Ems or Trin. Other large grounds which could be used include Vaduz and Bellinzona.
Raetia is unbeaten at home.
Colours.
Raetia's traditional kit is a white jersey with black, accompanied by black shorts and socks while their current away kit is a royal blue shirt. As a reference to the 60th jubilee of Queen Elizabeth Raetia has worn the blue shirts on June 9, 2012 against Tamil Eelam.
The colours blue-white-grey/black are the national colours of Raetia.
Raetias's historical kits.
Collections of kits used by The Grisons
Songs for competitions.
Rapper Gimma made a unreleased song to encourage the national football team for the 2012 VIVA World Cup:

</doc>
<doc id="36705400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705400" title="Anastasiya Prokopenko">
Anastasiya Prokopenko

Anastasiya Samusevich-Prokopenko (born September 20, 1985 in Sluzk) is a two-time Olympic modern pentathlete from Belarus. She nearly missed the medal podium for the women's competition at the Olympics, when she finished fourth in 2008, and sixth in 2012. Prokopenko also set a world record time of 10:20.90 in the combined running and shooting segment.
Prokopenko also won a team gold medal at the 2007 World Modern Pentathlon Championships in Berlin, Germany, along with her compatriots Tatsiana Mazurkevich and Hanna Vasilionak. She lives with her husband, Mikhail, also a modern pentathlete, and a son. 

</doc>
<doc id="36705404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705404" title="Iryna Khokhlova">
Iryna Khokhlova

Iryna Khokhlova is a Ukrainian modern pentathlete. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's competition, finishing in 10th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36705407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705407" title="Melanie McCann">
Melanie McCann

Melanie McCann (born 8 October 1989 in Clinton) is a Canadian modern pentathlete. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's competition, finishing in 11th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36705409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705409" title="Sylwia Gawlikowska">
Sylwia Gawlikowska

Sylwia Gawlikowska (born 25 February 1983 in Warsaw) is a Polish modern pentathlete. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's competition, finishing in 13th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36705411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705411" title="Ekaterina Khuraskina">
Ekaterina Khuraskina

Ekaterina Khuraskina is a Russian modern pentathlete. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's competition, finishing in 17th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36705413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705413" title="Patrick Segrave">
Patrick Segrave

Patrick Segrave (died after 1610) was an Irish judge who was removed from office for corruption.
He was born at Killeglan, now Ashbourne, County Meath, son of Richard Segrave, Baron of the Court of Exchequer (Ireland) and head of a prominent landowning family. He married before 1589 Mary Dillon, daughter of Chief Justice Robert Dillon, who in the latter year sent him to London with gifts of hawks and horses for the Privy Council. On his father's death in 1598 Patrick took his place as a Baron of the Exchequer.
He was removed from office in 1602 for bribery and corruption, following a trial before the Court of Castle Chamber, the Irish equivalent of Star Chamber. The Delahide family's lands at Dunshaughlin, County Meath had been forfeited by the Delahides to the Crown for treason. Segrave, in return for a large bribe, conspired with Richard Read and David Russell to procure a jury to find the title in favour of Read; he was also charged with attempting to bribe Sir Richard Cooke, the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland. Segrave was found guilty, removed from office, fined £1000 and imprisoned at the pleasure of the Crown.
His disgrace was not permanent; in 1607 he was admitted to the King's Inns and became a member of the governing council. He attended meetings of the council until 1610, after which his name disappears from the records. The Patrick Segrave of Killeglan whose estates were forfeited for his part in the Irish Rebellion of 1641 was probably his son or grandson.

</doc>
<doc id="36705415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705415" title="Katarzyna Wójcik">
Katarzyna Wójcik

Katarzyna Wójcik (born 31 March 1983) is a Polish modern pentathlete. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's competition, finishing in 19th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36705423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705423" title="Natalie Dianová">
Natalie Dianová

Natalie Dianová (; born 1 January 1989) is a Czech modern pentathlete. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's competition, finishing in 22nd place.

</doc>
<doc id="36705430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705430" title="Nation (Dr. Acula album)">
Nation (Dr. Acula album)

Nation is the fifth and final studio album by Deathcore band Dr. Acula, released on June 19, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36705431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705431" title="Yang Soo-jin">
Yang Soo-jin

Yang Soo-jin (born 2 September 1988) is a South Korean modern pentathlete. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's competition, finishing in 24th place with a total score of 4964.

</doc>
<doc id="36705434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705434" title="Claudia Cesarini">
Claudia Cesarini

Claudia Cesarini is an Italian modern pentathlete. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's competition, finishing in 25th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36705438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705438" title="Sabrina Crognale">
Sabrina Crognale

Sabrina Crognale is an Italian modern pentathlete. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's competition, finishing in 27th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36705440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705440" title="2013 U.S. Open (golf)">
2013 U.S. Open (golf)

The 2013 United States Open Championship was the 113th U.S. Open, held June 13–16 at the East Course of Merion Golf Club in Ardmore, Pennsylvania, west of Philadelphia. Justin Rose won his first major title, two strokes ahead of runners-up Jason Day and Phil Mickelson.
Rose became the first player from England to win the U.S. Open since Tony Jacklin in 1970, and the first to win any major since Nick Faldo won his third Masters in 1996. It was a record sixth runner-up finish for Mickelson and defending champion Webb Simpson tied for 32nd place. Inclement weather in the opening round delayed the completion of each of the first two rounds to the following day, and the average score in each of the four rounds exceeded 74 (+4). Shawn Stefani recorded the first-ever hole in one during a U.S. Open at Merion, acing the 17th on Sunday.
Venue.
The 2013 U.S. Open was the fifth Open played at Merion's East Course, which opened in 1912. The past Open champions on the course were Olin Dutra in 1934, Ben Hogan in 1950, Lee Trevino in 1971, and David Graham in 1981. The course has also hosted the U.S. Amateur six times.
Field.
About half the field consisted of players who are exempt from qualifying for the U.S. Open. Each player is classified according to the first category in which he qualified, and other categories are shown in parentheses.
The remaining contestants earned their places through sectional qualifiers.
Six alternates were also selected from sectional qualifiers.
(a) denotes amateur
For 28 players, the U.S. Open was their first major appearance.
Past champions in the field.
The field included ten previous champions, half of whom made the cut.
Course layout.
East Course
Source:
Lengths of the course for U.S. Opens:
Tournament summary.
First round.
"Thursday, June 13, 2013"
"Friday, June 14, 2013"
Due to rain delays, the first round was not completed on Thursday; only the morning half of the field completed their rounds. Luke Donald was the overnight leader at −4, while Mickelson was the clubhouse leader at 67 (−3). When the first round was completed Friday morning, only five players were under par: Mickelson at 67 (−3), Donald and Mathew Goggin at 68 (−2) and Nicolas Colsaerts and Russell Knox at 69 (−1). Since 2008, the USGA has placed the top three players in the world rankings in the same grouping for the first two rounds. None of the three broke par in the first round: Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy shot 73 (+3) and Adam Scott 72 (+2). The scoring average for the field was 74.31, more than four strokes over par.
Second round.
"Friday, June 14, 2013"
"Saturday, June 15, 2013"
On Friday, the second round was suspended due to darkness, with 68 players yet to complete their rounds. The leaders in the clubhouse were Mickelson and Billy Horschel, at 139 (−1). Horschel hit all 18 greens in regulation and shot a 67 (−3). When the second round was completed Saturday morning, Horschel and Mickelson still stood atop the leader board. Only six players shot under- par rounds, led by Horschel's 67. The scoring average for the second round was 75.13.
Amateurs: "Kim (+3), Pan (+4), Weaver (+8), Phelan (+8)," Williams (+9), Fox (+10), Hall (+11), Homa (+11), McElyea (+20), Murray (+24)
Third round.
"Saturday, June 15, 2013"
Mickelson shot an even-par round for 209 (−1) to stay atop the leaderboard, his second 54-hole lead at the U.S. Open. Hunter Mahan, Charl Schwartzel, and Steve Stricker were one shot back at even-par 210. As in the second round, only six players had under-par rounds, led by Rickie Fowler at 67. Woods struggled with his putting; after a birdie on the par-4 1st, he made seven bogeys to shoot 76 and fall to 219 (+9), ten strokes back. The scoring average for the third round was 74.36.
Final round.
"Sunday, June 16, 2013"
Phil Mickelson three-putted the third and fifth holes for double bogeys, but took back the lead with an eagle on the 10th. Justin Rose responded with birdies on the 12th and 13th. A bogey by Mickelson on the 13th gave Rose the lead.
Through 16 holes, Rose had five birdies and five bogeys and a one-shot lead over Mickelson. He managed par on the challenging final two holes, finishing with an even-par 70 for a 281 (+1) overall. Mickelson narrowly missed a birdie putt on the 16th that would have tied Rose and did not threaten to birdie either of the final two holes. A missed long par putt on 18 dropped him to +3 overall and into a tie with Jason Day for second place.
For Rose, it was his first major title. He completed the tournament without any double bogeys. On his win, Rose commented "It feels fantastic. I committed myself to the process this week. I committed myself to putting a strategy in place that I hoped would work in five-to-10 years in delivering major championships ... it's a moment where you can look back and think childhood dreams have come true." He was the first English player to win the U.S. Open since Tony Jacklin in 1970, and the first to win any major since Nick Faldo won the 1996 Masters. Rose, who entered the tournament ranked fifth in the world, moved up to third as a result of the win.
For Mickelson, it was his sixth runner-up finish at the U.S. Open, an event record. He has never won the event and called the loss heartbreaking: "this is tough to swallow after coming so close ... I felt like this was as good an opportunity I could ask for and to not get it ... it hurts."
Mahan was tied for the lead as late as the 14th hole before going +4 on the last four holes and dropping into a four-way tie for fourth, four strokes back. Jason Dufner shot a 67 (−3) despite a triple-bogey on 15 to tie Mahan, Horschel, and Ernie Els. Hideki Matsuyama also shot a 67 with six birdies to finish in a tie for tenth. Schwartzel started the day one shot back, but a 78 dropped him outside the top 10.
Shawn Stefani recorded the first-ever hole-in-one during a U.S. Open at Merion, acing the 17th. His 4-iron tee shot bounced off the slope left of the green and rolled a considerable distance into the cup. The scoring average for the fourth round was 74.05.
Amateurs: Kim (+10), Pan (+15), Phelan (+20), Weaver (+21)
Scorecard.
"Final round"
"Cumulative tournament scores, relative to par"<br>
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="36705442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705442" title="Donna Vakalis">
Donna Vakalis

Donna Marie Vakalis is a Canadian modern pentathlete. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's competition, finishing in 29th place.
Athletic career.
Vakalis became a member of the Canadian national modern pentathlon team in 2009. She qualified for the 2012 Olympics after finishing 20th at the UIPM World Cup Final in Chengdu.
Her personal best is 5348 points, achieved at the 2012 Guatemala Open (where she placed first).
Personal life.
Vakalis attended McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, receiving an honours bachelor degree of arts and science. She received a professional masters degree in architecture from the University of Toronto, and began PhD studies there in 2012. Her dissertation is on assessing building projects for the impacts on health and environment.
References.
Sports-reference.com

</doc>
<doc id="36705446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705446" title="Shino Yamanaka">
Shino Yamanaka


</doc>
<doc id="36705450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705450" title="Élodie Clouvel">
Élodie Clouvel

Élodie Clouvel (Saint-Priest-en-Jarez, 14 January 1989) is a French modern pentathlete. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's competition, finishing in 31st place.

</doc>
<doc id="36705456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705456" title="Hanna Vasilionak">
Hanna Vasilionak

Hanna Arkhipenka-Vasilionak (born January 16, 1983 in Minsk) is a modern pentathlete from Belarus. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's competition, where she finished in thirty-second place.
Vasilionak also won a team gold medal at the 2007 World Modern Pentathlon Championships in Berlin, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="36705458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705458" title="Tyler Cloyd">
Tyler Cloyd

Tyler James Cloyd (born May 16, 1987) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Cleveland Indians organization. He pitched for the Philadelphia Phillies in 2012 and 2013.
Philadelphia Phillies.
Cloyd attended the University of Nebraska at Omaha, where he played college baseball for the Nebraska–Omaha Mavericks. The Phillies drafted Cloyd in the 18th round of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft. Though he was expected to begin the 2012 season with the Reading Phillies of the Class AA Eastern League, he was instead assigned to the Lehigh Valley IronPigs of the Class AAA International League due to the suspension of another pitcher. He pitched in the Triple-A All-Star Game and was named the International League's Most Valuable Pitcher in 2012.
Cloyd made his major-league debut on August 29, 2012, replacing Cole Hamels, who was ill. Cloyd pitched six innings, allowing three runs on seven hits. Cloyd got his first MLB win vs. the Reds, giving up 1 run in 7 innings. Cloyd made 11 starts and 2 relief appearances for the Phillies in 2013, going 2–7 with a 6.56 ERA.
Cleveland Indians.
On October 2, 2013, Cloyd was designated for assignment and claimed by the Cleveland Indians. To make room on the 40-man roster, lefty Clay Rapada was designated for assignment. The Indians then designated him for assignment on November 25, 2013. On December 2, 2013, Cloyd was non-tendered by the Indians, making him a free agent. He was re-signed to a minor league deal on December 13, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36705464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705464" title="Narumi Kurosu">
Narumi Kurosu


</doc>
<doc id="36705466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705466" title="Evdokia Gretchichnikova">
Evdokia Gretchichnikova

Evdokia Gretchichnikova is a Russian modern pentathlete. At the 2008 Summer Olympics, she finished in 25th. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's competition, finishing in 35th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36705469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705469" title="Tamara Vega">
Tamara Vega

Tamara Vega is a Mexican modern pentathlete. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's competition, finishing in 36th (last) place.

</doc>
<doc id="36705472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705472" title="Charles Manning Reed Mansion">
Charles Manning Reed Mansion

Charles Manning Reed Mansion, also known as the Erie Club, is a historic home / clubhouse located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania. The original section of the 2 1/2-story, brick mansion was built between 1846 and 1849. It was expanded with a one-story bay about 1855, a two-story bay about 1865, and a two-story extension in 1970. The front facade features a pedimented portico with four two-story, fluted Ionic order columns in the Greek Revival style. Connected to the house is a one-story, recreation hall measuring 20 feet wide and 120 feet long, with an addition built about 1920. Its builder was a descendent of the first permanent settler of Erie, Colonel Set Reed. The Erie Club purchased the property in 1904.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is located in the West Sixth Street Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="36705475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705475" title="Athletics at the 1977 Central American Games">
Athletics at the 1977 Central American Games

Athletics competitions at the 1977 Central American Games were held at the Estadio Flor Blanca in San Salvador, El Salvador, between November 29 – December 1, 1977. 
A total of 37 events were contested, 23 by men and 14 by women.
Medal summary.
Gold medal winners and their results were published. A complete list of medal winners can be found on the MásGoles webpage
(click on "JUEGOS CENTROAMERICANOS" in the low right corner). Gold medalists were also published in other sources. A couple of results can be found in the archives of Costa Rican newspaper La Nación.

</doc>
<doc id="36705491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705491" title="Blodplättar">
Blodplättar

Blodplättar, or blood pancakes (veriohukainen, verilätty or verilettu in Finnish), are a dish served in Finland and Sweden made of whipped blood and other ingredients. It is similar to black pudding, but is thinner and crispier.
Blodplättar may be fried in a frying pan. The pancakes are occasionally served with pork or reindeer meat.
In Swedish, the word may also be used to refer to blood platelets.

</doc>
<doc id="36705495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705495" title="2013 U.S. Open">
2013 U.S. Open

2013 U.S. Open may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705514" title="Shashi Bhusan Behera">
Shashi Bhusan Behera

Shashi Bhusan Behera is an Indian politician from the Biju Janata Dal party. He is a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Odisha.
He is a former member of Rajya Sabha,

</doc>
<doc id="36705518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705518" title="Church of Pietà dei Turchini">
Church of Pietà dei Turchini

The Church of Pietà dei Turchini is a religious building in Naples, Italy.
The church was built in 1592–1595 by the Confraternity of the Incoronatella, a small church on Rua Catalana. The church was nearly destroyed by an explosion in the Castel Nuovo in 1638. It was rebuilt in 1638–1639, when it acquired a dome. The facade was completed in 1769–70 by Bartolomeo Vecchione. 
The interior hosts two paintings by Luca Giordano in the third chapel to right, including a "Deposition"; a "Holy Family" (1617) by Battistello Caracciolo. The ceiling canvases, painted by Marulli and Annella di Massimo, were removed in the past centuries.
The confraternity, also known as the Congregation of ‘’Bianchi dell'Oratorio’’ referring to the white robes worn by members, was involved in the welfare of orphan children abandoned in the nearby church of Incoronatella in "Rua Catalana". In time, needing more space they moved here to via Medina, founding an orphanage, this church, and the annexed conservatory (Conservatorio della Pietà dei Turchini). The name derives from the "turquoise" tunic worn by the orphans, who were "conserved" here.
The orphanage instructed the children in art, specially music and singing, and the Conservatory produced or was associated with masters of Italian music. Among its pupils were Scarlatti, Giovanni Paisiello, and Giovan Battista Pergolesi. While the orphanage no longer remains, the building is used for concerts, including by the ensemble of Cappella della Pietà de' Turchini, which specializes in performing classical Neapolitan music, including works associated historically with the conservatory associated with this church and orphanage complex.

</doc>
<doc id="36705527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705527" title="William Jewell">
William Jewell

William Jewell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705545" title="William Derby (disambiguation)">
William Derby (disambiguation)

William Derby was an artist.
William Derby may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705547" title="Czech gold brindle chicken">
Czech gold brindle chicken

Czech gold brindle chicken is an old breed of chicken originating in Bohemia. The first mention dates back from 1205, when a flock of these chickens was presented to Valdemar II of Denmark as a wedding gift on his marriage to Czech princess Dagmar of Bohemia. 
Description.
Birds are mostly kept in gold brindle color only. Rooster has gold feathers on the neck. The feathers on the back is brown to gold-red. Wings feathers are brown with green mirror. Tail is black. Breast are back with gold bringle. The beak is slate to dark brown with the yellow end. Hens are completely light brown gold brindled. On the head there is a single red comb. Legs are slate blue color. Hens produce 160 eggs per year of 55-60 g weight. Chicks hatch out light brown.

</doc>
<doc id="36705548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705548" title="Globoforce">
Globoforce

Globoforce is a multinational company co-headquartered in Southborough, Massachusetts and Dublin, Ireland, providing cloud-based (software as a service), human capital management (HCM) software solutions. Its social recognition solutions are designed for employees to recognize and reward each other as incentive for performance and behaviors that are mapped to company values. A private corporation, Globoforce is co-headquartered in Southborough, Massachusetts, and Dublin, Ireland. 
Some of Globoforce's customers include Symantec, Intuit, JetBlue, and InterContinental Hotels Group.
History and company information.
Globoforce was co-founded in 1999 by Eric Mosley and Eddie Reynolds in Dublin, Ireland. The company is backed by Atlas Venture and Balderton Capital. In 2005, Globoforce re-located part of its operations to the United States. Globoforce has been given numerous honors as a top place to work by The Boston Globe, Fortune Magazine, and Ireland's Great Place to Work Institute. 
Recognition and Awards.
In 2010, Globoforce was named to Deloitte’s 2010 Technology Fast 50.
In 2011, Globoforce was named as one of the fastest growing private companies in Massachusetts.
In 2012, The Boston Globe named Globoforce the number one small company to work for in Massachusetts. 
In 2013, the Great Place to Work Institute in Ireland recognized Globoforce as one of its 20 Best Medium Workplaces in Ireland, and The Boston Globe again named the company as a top small company to work for in Massachusetts. 
In 2013, Globoforce was named by Great Place to Work® as one of the best small and medium workplaces in the United States, as published in Fortune Magazine's annual 2013 Best Small & Medium Workplaces list. 

</doc>
<doc id="36705551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705551" title="Arif Abdullayev">
Arif Abdullayev

Arif Abdullayev (; born 28 August 1968, Baku, Azerbaijan) is an Azerbaijanian wrestler. Abdullayev gained gold medal at the World Championship in 2003 for Freestyle wrestling organized in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="36705553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705553" title="Old Customshouse (Erie, Pennsylvania)">
Old Customshouse (Erie, Pennsylvania)

Old Customshouse is a historic custom house located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1838–1839, and is a two-story, brick and Vermont marble rectangular building. The front facade features a pedimented portico with six two-story, Doric order columns in the Greek Revival style. The building housed the post office until 1867, served as the Customs House for the port of Erie from 1849 to 1888, and later housed a Grand Army of the Republic post and the Erie County Historical Society. It is now part of a five building complex of the Erie Art Museum.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="36705559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705559" title="William Darby (disambiguation)">
William Darby (disambiguation)

William Darby was a US Army officer.
William Darby may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705564" title="Jack Garland">
Jack Garland

Jack Garland may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705566" title="Yuji Hanada">
Yuji Hanada

Yuji Hanada is a Paralympic swimmer from Japan. He competed mainly in S4 freestyle events.
Yuji competed as part of the Japanese Paralympic swimming team at the 2004 Summer Paralympics there he was part of the 4x50m freestyle squad that finished fourth and also the squad that finished second in the 4x50m medley behind the games record set by Brazil. He picked up a further two silver medals in the 50m and 100m freestyle on both occasions behind Brazilian Clodoaldo Silva he also finished third in the 200m freestyle that was again won by Silva. Silva has since been reclassified to S5, a class for more able-bodied swimmers. 
, Hanada is recognised by the International Paralympic Committee as S4 world record holder in the 50 metre freestyle event, a record time he set at the Athens Paralympics in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36705573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705573" title="Magnar Ødegaard">
Magnar Ødegaard

Magnar Ødegaard (born 11 May 1993) is a Norwegian footballer who plays for Lillestrøm, on loan from Molde in Tippeligaen as a centre back. He joined the club from Sarpsborg 08 in 2012.
Club career.
Ødegaard was born in Fredrikstad and played for Skjeberg SK and Borgen IL during his youth. He later joined Sarpsborg 08, where he made his debut for the first-team in the 2009 Norwegian First Division. He was wanted by Italian club Brescia in June 2010, but Sarpsborg 08 did not give Ødegaard permission to go on a trial mid-season.
Following Sarpsborg 08's promotion to Tippeligaen Ødegaard made his debut in at the first tier on 3 April 2011, when Sarpsborg 08 won 1–0 against Sogndal. In total Ødegaard played 19 matches in the 2011 Norwegian Premier League, when Sarpsborg 08 was relegated. Ødegaard stayed at the club after their relegation to the First Division, and the centre back was chosen by Norwegian TV2 in their "all-star team" half-way through the 2012 season. In July 2012 Ødegaard stated that he would not renew his contract with Sarpsborg 08 which expired at the end of the 2012 season, and said that one of the reason was that he wanted to join a fully professional club. On 12 August 2012 it was announced that Ødegaard had joined Molde for an undisclosed fee, reported by VG to be 500,000 NOK. Ødegaard, who signed a 3,5-year contract with the club, was brought to Molde as a back-up for the centre-backs Vegard Forren and Even Hovland, and to play for Molde's U19-team in the NextGen Series. Ødegaard made his debut for Molde when he replaced Martin Linnes after 67 minutes in the 3–2 victory against Sandnes Ulf on 7 October 2012.
International career.
Ødegaard have represented Norway at youth international level on every level from Under-15 to Under-19. He was first called up to the Under-19 team in January 2011 along with his team-mate Hugues Wembangomo, and made his debut for Norway U19 on 8 February 2011 against Sweden U19. In the match against Ukraine U19 on 25 April 2012, Ødegaard scored the equalizing goal from a free-kick. Ødegaard has been captain of the Under-19 team, and in June 2012 he was called up for Norway U21 squad against Azerbaijan U21, but did not play the match. On 14 August 2012, he made his debut for the Under-21 team when he replaced Omar Elabdellaoui after 83 minutes in the friendly match against Austria U21.

</doc>
<doc id="36705574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705574" title="William Wilton (disambiguation)">
William Wilton (disambiguation)

William Wilton was a football manager.
William Wilton may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705584" title="Morten Sæther">
Morten Sæther

Morten Sæther (born 13 May 1959) is a Norwegian cyclist. He won a bronze medal at the 1979 UCI Road World Championships in the 100 km team time trial. He missed the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow due to their boycott by Norway, but competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, where he placed fourth in the individual road race. He won the Tour of Berlin in 1979 and 1983 and finished second in the Tour of Austria and Sealink Race in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="36705595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705595" title="Zumba Fitness">
Zumba Fitness

Zumba Fitness may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705597" title="Athletics at the 1973 Central American Games">
Athletics at the 1973 Central American Games

Athletics competitions at the 1973 Central American Games were held at the Estadio Nacional Mateo Flores in Ciudad de Guatemala, Guatemala, in November 1973.
A total of 38 events were contested, 24 by men and 14 by women.
Medal summary.
Gold medal winners and their results were published. A complete list of medal winners can be found on the MásGoles webpage
(click on "JUEGOS CENTROAMERICANOS" in the low right corner). Gold medalists were also published in other sources. A couple of results can be found in the archives of Costa Rican newspaper La Nación.
All results are marked as "affected by altitude" (A), because Ciudad de
Guatemale is located at 1,592 m above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="36705603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705603" title="Mangala Kisan">
Mangala Kisan

Mangala Kisan (born 6 June 1947) is an Indian politician from the Biju Janata Dal party. He is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Orissa in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="36705617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705617" title="Will Beall">
Will Beall

Will Beall is an American screenwriter and former Los Angeles Police Department detective. He is best known for writing the script for the 2013 film "Gangster Squad".
Career.
Beall launched his writing career in 2006 with the publication of his acclaimed first novel LA REX, after working for 10 years as a homicide detective and gang investigator with the Los Angeles Police Department. Beall adapted the book for Oscar-winning producer Scott Rudin and the script was featured atop The Black List, Hollywood's annual survey of the industry's favorite screenplays. Beall wrote the feature film GANGSTER SQUAD, which was released in 2013 and starred Sean Penn, Ryan Gosling and Josh Brolin. The film was based on former Los Angeles Times writer/editor Paul Lieberman's book, GANGSTER SQUAD, a non-fiction account of what he calls "the battle for Los Angeles" that took place between the police and Mickey Cohen's crew in the mid-1940s. In June 2012, Beall was hired to write the screenplay for an upcoming "Justice League" film, in which Superman, Batman, and Wonder Woman will be the main characters. He was also hired by Warner Bros. to write the screenplay for a reboot of the "Lethal Weapon" franchise. Warner Bros recently closed a two picture deal with him.
Personal life.
Beall married Castle producer and writer Elizabeth Davis on June 30, 2012 at Beltane Ranch in Sonoma Valley, California.

</doc>
<doc id="36705646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705646" title="Simon Porter (disambiguation)">
Simon Porter (disambiguation)

Simon Porter is a cricketer.
Simon Porter may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705647" title="The Pets">
The Pets

The Pets may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705658" title="Rabinarayan Mohapatra">
Rabinarayan Mohapatra

Rabinarayan Mohapatra is an Indian politician from the Biju Janata Dal party. He is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Orissa in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="36705668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705668" title="Simon Kent (disambiguation)">
Simon Kent (disambiguation)

Simon Kent is a sculptor.
Simon Kent may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705673" title="The Pets (1950s band)">
The Pets (1950s band)

The Pets were formed in 1958 in Los Angeles, California from a group of top session players - Plas Johnson (saxophone), Rene Hall (guitar), Richard Podolor (piano) and Earl Palmer (drums). They recorded their one and only hit "Cha Hua Hua" in 1958 for Arwin Records, owned by Marty Melcher, Doris Day's husband. "Cha Hua Hua" reached #34 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1958.
Hugo & Luigi covered the song for Roulette Records in '58, however their more MOR version failed to chart.
Subsequent releases by The Pets on Arwin went nowhere, however the individual members continued on as regular sessionmen, featuring on many classic recordings by a huge array of artists during the golden years of rock and roll.
Podolor eventually went on to work as an independent producer for a number of acts including Three Dog Night and Steppenwolf.

</doc>
<doc id="36705685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705685" title="Paul Michelet">
Paul Michelet

Paul Michelet (1880–1958) was a Norwegian horse rider. He was born in Halden. He competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp, where he placed fourth in individual jumping. He also competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36705700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705700" title="William Justice">
William Justice

William Justice may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705702" title="Jackson Koehler Eagle Brewery">
Jackson Koehler Eagle Brewery

Jackson Koehler Eagle Brewery was a historic brewery complex located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania. The original section constructed in 1891, consisted of the brewhouse with grain tower, racking room, filter room, and keg wash room. Later additions include the storage cellar, keg receiving and storage rooms (1933, later demolished), and Rathskeller (1936). The complex was constructed of brick, with Germanesque-Teutonic-style influences. A brewery was sited here as early as 1855. The Eagle Brewery merged into the Erie Brewing Company in 1899. The Erie Brewing Company closed in 1978. It was demolished in 2006.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
References.
https://sites.google.com/site/koehlerbeer/

</doc>
<doc id="36705710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705710" title="Walter Howard Evans">
Walter Howard Evans

Walter Howard Evans (April 17, 1870 – July 13, 1959) was a Judge for the United States Customs Court.
Biography.
Evans was born on April 17, 1870, in New Middletown, Indiana. He received a Bachelor of Science degree in 1899 from Valparaiso University. He received a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1905 from the University of Oregon, then located in Portland, Or.. He taught public school in Oregon from 1886 to 1898. He was a clerk for the United States Army Quartermaster Department stationed in Puerto Rico from 1898 to 1905. He was an assistant United States Attorney for the District of Oregon from 1908 to 1912. He was a state district attorney in the Fourth Judicial District of Oregon from 1912 to 1921. He served as a Circuit Court Judge for the Fourth Judicial District of Oregon from 1921 to 1931.
Federal Judicial Service.
On January 28, 1931, President Hoover nominated Evans to serve as a Judge for the United States Customs Court, to the seat vacated by Judge Byron Sylvester Waite. He was confirmed by the Senate on February 14, 1931 and received his commission on February 23, 1931. He served until his retirement on May 31, 1941, and was succeeded by Judge William A. Ekwall.
Death.
Evans died on July 13, 1959, in Portland, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="36705718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705718" title="California Historical Landmarks in Nevada County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Nevada County, California

List table of the properties and districts — listed on the California Historical Landmarks — within Nevada County, Northern California. 

</doc>
<doc id="36705719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705719" title="William Justice (MP)">
William Justice (MP)

William Justice (by 1448–1521), was an English politician.
Family.
His son-in-law was the MP, Richard Lybbe.
Care.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Reading in 1510.

</doc>
<doc id="36705726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705726" title="Sylvia Fedoruk Canadian Centre for Nuclear Innovation">
Sylvia Fedoruk Canadian Centre for Nuclear Innovation

The Sylvia Fedoruk Canadian Centre for Nuclear Innovation (Fedoruk Centre) is an institute located in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada that was established by the University of Saskatchewan in 2011 as the Canadian Centre for Nuclear Innovation (CCNI). The Fedoruk Centre does not have a mandate to conduct research itself instead it acts as a conduit to fund nuclear released research projects in Saskatchewan and to oversee the operation of nuclear facilities on the University campus such as the universities cyclotron facility. The Fedoruk Centre is involved in funding research in the nuclear medicine, materials science, nuclear energy systems including small reactor design, and environmental and social topics related to nuclear technology. On October 3, 2012 the name of the organization was changed from the Canadian Centre for Nuclear Innovation to the Sylvia Fedoruk Canadian Centre for Nuclear Innovation in honour of Sylvia Fedoruk who did pioneering work in the treatment of cancer using cobalt-60 radiation therapy in the 1950s.
The centre builds on other nuclear and accelerator related facilities already on the university campus that include the Saskatchewan Accelerator Laboratory, Canadian Light Source, SLOWPOKE reactor operated by the Saskatchewan Research Council, and the STOR-M tokamak.
The centre received an initial $30 million (CDN) in funding with an additional $17 Million allocated to constructing the cyclotron facility. The specific mandate includes:
The accelerators consist of a $17 Million cyclotron facility used for the production of PET isotopes that will take over a building between the Canadian Light Source and the Western College of Veterinary Medicine to be completed in 2014; as well as a $12 Million linear accelerator located at the Canadian Light Source for the production of molybdenum-99.
When the centre was formed some controversy existed over the governance and independence of the organization with only two board members appointed by the university while the other members have strong ties to the nuclear industry.

</doc>
<doc id="36705727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705727" title="William Gifford (disambiguation)">
William Gifford (disambiguation)

William Gifford was an English writer.
William Gifford may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705728" title="Jaime Nielsen">
Jaime Nielsen

Jaime Nielsen is a New Zealand track cyclist. She won at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships in the team pursuit silver in 2009 and bronze in 2011. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's team pursuit for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36705729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705729" title="Renubala Pradhan">
Renubala Pradhan

Mangala Kisan is an Indian politician from the Biju Janata Dal party. She is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Orissa in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="36705730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705730" title="Jeff Harding">
Jeff Harding

Jeff Harding may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705733" title="Alena Dylko">
Alena Dylko

Alena Dylko is a Belarusian track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's team pursuit for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36705738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705738" title="Aksana Papko">
Aksana Papko

Aksana Papko is a Belarusian track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's team pursuit for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36705744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705744" title="Yelyzaveta Bochkaryova">
Yelyzaveta Bochkaryova

Yelyzaveta Bochkaryova (; born May 5, 1978 in Lviv) is a Ukrainian track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's team pursuit for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36705750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705750" title="Jiang Fan (cyclist)">
Jiang Fan (cyclist)

Jiang Fan is a Chinese track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's team pursuit for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36705751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705751" title="Senna petersiana">
Senna petersiana

The Monkey pod or Eared Senna ("Senna petersiana") is an African deciduous shrub or small tree. The leaves are compound with about 12 opposite lanceolate leaflets, dark green above and lighter below. Its copious bright yellow flowers are carried on erect multi-branched inflorescences. The species was formerly placed in the genus "Cassia". 
It occurs naturally in Cameroon, Central African Republic, DRC, South Sudan, Ethiopia, Kenia, Tanzania, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, South Africa and Swaziland. It was introduced to several Indian Ocean islands and became naturalized in far northern Madagascar.

</doc>
<doc id="36705752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705752" title="William Gifford (MP)">
William Gifford (MP)

William Gifford or Jeffard (by 1489–1538 or later), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Reading in 1512.

</doc>
<doc id="36705753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705753" title="Jiang Wenwen (cyclist)">
Jiang Wenwen (cyclist)

Jiang Wenwen is a Chinese track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's team pursuit for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36705770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705770" title="Lavender Hill Mob (band)">
Lavender Hill Mob (band)

Lavender Hill Mob was a Canadian rock band that was active in the late 1970s. They released two albums on United Artists Records.
Reception.
The "Los Angeles Times" wrote, "Lead singer Nicky Prigeno's romantic delivery is a cross between Paul McCartney and Rupert Holmes". In February 1978, "Billboard" selected the single "Dream Away" as one of its recommended pop music single picks.

</doc>
<doc id="36705771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705771" title="Richard Smith (died 1516)">
Richard Smith (died 1516)

Richard Smith (by 1453–1516) was an English politician and courtier.
Richard was a cloth merchant with premises in both the City of London and Reading in Berkshire. He obtained a number of minor royal appointments before becoming a Yeoman of the Robes to Queen Elizabeth of York in the late 1480s. He was also the Royal bailiff at Swallowfield Park and held the same position under Sir Francis Knollys at Caversham. He was elected a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Reading in 1497, 1504 and 1512.

</doc>
<doc id="36705776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705776" title="Lyubov Shulika">
Lyubov Shulika

Lyubov Shulika (born 16 July 1988) is a Ukrainian track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's team sprint for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36705777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705777" title="Olena Tsyos">
Olena Tsyos

Olena Tsyos (; born 9 May 1990) is a Ukrainian track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's team sprint for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36705782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705782" title="Daniela Larreal">
Daniela Larreal

Daniela Grelui Larreal Chirinos is a Venezuelan track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's team sprint for the national team as well as the women's individual sprint and the keirin.

</doc>
<doc id="36705785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705785" title="Mariaesthela Vilera">
Mariaesthela Vilera

Mariaesthela Vilera is a Venezuelan track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's team sprint for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36705790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705790" title="Lee Eun-ji">
Lee Eun-ji

Lee Eun-ji is a South Korean track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's team sprint for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36705796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705796" title="Lee Hye-jin">
Lee Hye-jin

Lee Hye-jin is a South Korean track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's sprint, Women's keirin, and Women's team sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="36705800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705800" title="Diana Garcia (cyclist)">
Diana Garcia (cyclist)

Diana Garcia is a Colombian track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's team sprint for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36705801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705801" title="Richard Smith (died 1581)">
Richard Smith (died 1581)

Richard Smith (by 1516-1581), was an English politician.
He was Mayor of Newcastle-under-Lyme 1547-8 and 1549-50. He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Newcastle-under-Lyme in November 1554 and 1555.

</doc>
<doc id="36705803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705803" title="Juliana Gaviria">
Juliana Gaviria

Juliana Gaviria Rendon is a Colombian track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's team sprint, Women's Keirin, and Women's sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="36705806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705806" title="Nantucket Life-Saving Museum">
Nantucket Life-Saving Museum

The Nantucket Shipwreck & Lifesaving Museum of Nantucket, Massachusetts is a small, seasonal, non-profit museum dedicated to the history of shipwrecks off the Nantucket coast and in Nantucket Sound.
History.
The Lifesaving Museum is operated by the Egan Maritime Institute. It is located at 158 Polpis Road on Nantucket, 3 miles east of town, which is about a 20 minute drive from town. The building itself sits beside polpis harbor, and it is located inside a renovated lifesaving station.
Exhibits.
The Museum features over 5,000 objects and memorabilia gathered from local shipwrecks from the past 300 years. The collection includes period surfboats, beach carts, Fresnel lenses from Brant Point and Great Point lights, vintage photographs, models of lifesaving stations throughout the island of Nantucket, and models of ships that have wrecked in the past few centuries. Exhibits and programs also include images, films, videos, and lectures about storms at sea causing over 700 shipwrecks around Nantucket.
References.
1. http://www.nantucketchamber.org/Museums-Historic-Sites/Nantucket-Shipwreck-Lifesaving-Museum, Assessed August 12, 2012
2. http://travel.nytimes.com/travel/guides/north-america/united-states/massachusetts/cape-cod-and-the-islands/nantucket/24695/nantucket-shipwreck-and-life-saving-museum/attraction-detail.html, Assessed August 12, 2012
3. http://www.nantucketshipwreck.org/welcome-to-the-nantucket-shipwreck-lifesaving-museum

</doc>
<doc id="36705820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705820" title="William H. Cook Water Tank House">
William H. Cook Water Tank House

The William H. Cook Water Tank House is a water tank house located southeast of Jerome, Idaho, United States. The building was constructed circa 1915 and was used to store water for William H. Cook's farm. The rectangular building was constructed with lava rock and contains a metal tank. Although the stone craftsmanship in the building is similar to the work of local stonemason H. T. Pugh, the builder of the house has not been determined.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 8, 1983. 

</doc>
<doc id="36705823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705823" title="Richard Smith (fl.1584)">
Richard Smith (fl.1584)

Richard Smith (fl. 1584), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Cricklade in 1584.

</doc>
<doc id="36705842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705842" title="Jolien D'Hoore">
Jolien D'Hoore

Jolien D'Hoore (born 14 March 1990) is a Belgian cyclist.
She won the Belgian national road race championship in 2012. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Omnium, finishing in 5th place overall.

</doc>
<doc id="36705847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705847" title="Marlies Mejias">
Marlies Mejias

Marlies Mejias is a Cuban track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Omnium, finishing in 8th place overall.

</doc>
<doc id="36705849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705849" title="Marion and Julia Kelley House">
Marion and Julia Kelley House

The Marion and Julia Kelley House is a house located in Hazelton, Idaho, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="36705853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705853" title="Małgorzata Wojtyra">
Małgorzata Wojtyra

Małgorzata Wojtyra (born 21 September 1989) is a Polish track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Omnium, finishing in 11th place overall.

</doc>
<doc id="36705858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705858" title="Angie González">
Angie González

Angie Sabrina González is a Venezuelan track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Omnium, finishing in 18th (last) place overall.

</doc>
<doc id="36705871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705871" title="Jacob B. Van Wagener Barn">
Jacob B. Van Wagener Barn

The Jacob B. Van Wagener Barn is a house located in Jerome, Idaho, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="36705882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705882" title="Khazar Isayev">
Khazar Isayev

Khazar Agaali oglu Isayev (; ; born 4 January 1963, in Agdash, Azerbaijan) is a former Soviet wrestler, world and European champion in freestyle wrestling. He is of Azerbaijani descent.

</doc>
<doc id="36705888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705888" title="Joe Goddard">
Joe Goddard

Joe Goddard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705889" title="Natasha Hansen">
Natasha Hansen

Natasha Hansen (born 15 November 1989) is a New Zealand Track Cyclist & Air Traffic Controller. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's sprint & Keirin.
Natasha recently competed in a Charity Boxing event, 'Fight for Christchurch 2013' with the objective of raising funds for the Ronald McDonald House South Island. The event itself raised in excess of $200,000 for selected charities.

</doc>
<doc id="36705893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705893" title="Kayono Maeda">
Kayono Maeda


</doc>
<doc id="36705896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705896" title="Ekaterina Gnidenko">
Ekaterina Gnidenko

Ekaterina Gnidenko is a Russian track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="36705901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705901" title="Atkins School District">
Atkins School District

Atkins School District is a public school district based in Atkins, Arkansas, United States. The Atkins School District provides early childhood, elementary and secondary education for more than 1,000 prekindergarten through grade 12 students at its three facilities in Pope County, which receive Title I funding.
The Atkins School District is accredited by the Arkansas Department of Education (ADE).
Schools.
In fall 2010, the district opened a modern facility that houses the elementary and middle schools.

</doc>
<doc id="36705905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705905" title="Bentonville Train Station">
Bentonville Train Station

The Bentonville Train Station is a former train station in Bentonville, Arkansas. Built in 1925 on Main Street, the train station served a short connector line that connected Bentonville to the St. Louis and San Francisco Railway (Frisco) to the east in Rogers, and the Kansas City, Pittsburg and Gulf Railroad to the west in Gravette. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1988.
History.
Railroads in Benton County.
Alfred B. Greenwood put forth legislation in the United States House of Representatives in 1853 concerning right of way for a railroad between Springfield, Missouri and Bentonville, but railroads did not come to Arkansas until after the Civil War. In the 1870s, the St. Louis and San Francisco Railway was interested in extending their line south from Pierce City, Missouri through Bentonville and Fayetteville to Fort Smith to service the fertile orchards and tobacco fields of northwest Arkansas. The routing changed around 1880, and the Frisco instead ran through Avoca, Lowell, and Rogers before entering Fayetteville, missing Bentonville entirely. Bentonville businessmen built a short, spur line called the Bentonville Railroad in 1882 to connect to the Frisco in Rogers. Although this provided rail service to Bentonville, the Frisco charged high rates for usage of their line.
The spur between Bentonville and Rogers became part of the Arkansas and Oklahoma Railroad in 1898 and was extended west to the Kansas City, Pittsburg and Gulf Railroad in Gravette. The extension gave Bentonville citizens, businesspeople, and farmers an alternative to the Frisco. In 1899 the line was extended further west to Grove, Oklahoma. The Frisco purchased the line in 1900. These railroads gave Bentonville and western Benton County an opportunity to grow the apple industry that was emerging after the decline of tobacco in the area.
This Bentonville Train Station replaced an inefficient structure on the same site in 1925. Following World War II, the train station ceased operations and became derelict. A group became interested in the station's rehabilitation in 1980 and leased the building to the Bentonville Chamber of Commerce upon restoration.
Today.
The Bentonville Train Station now serves as the office for Celebrate Arkansas Magazine. Adjacent to the north is Train Station Park which offers a landscaped area around a gazebo and several benches. The park also gives access to the Downtown Trail. Across the street from the train station is the Bentonville Public Library, also listed on the NRHP.

</doc>
<doc id="36705907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705907" title="Modern Tool Company">
Modern Tool Company

Modern Tool Company, also known as the People's Market House, is a historic building located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania. It is a large eclectic "U"-shaped, brick building built in stages between 1895 and 1928. The building measures 218 feet by 330 feet. The earliest section was built in 1895, as the People's Market House. It is 3 1/2-stories and has a large central pavilion with flanking two-story wings and a gable roof. The State Street side was built in five sections between 1916 and 1924. The northern block was added about 1928. It features Palladian windows and a corner turret. The original building housed a public market until 1902, after which it was leased to the Modern Tool Company, a machine tool manufacturer.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="36705913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705913" title="Solfrid Johansen">
Solfrid Johansen

Solfrid Johansen (born 1956) is a Norwegian sport rower. She was born in Sandefjord. She competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, where she placed fourth in the double sculls together with Ingun Brechan. She competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, where she placed fifth in the double sculls, together with Haldis Lenes.

</doc>
<doc id="36705916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705916" title="Jose and Gertrude Anasola House">
Jose and Gertrude Anasola House

The Jose and Gertrude Anasola House near Shoshone, Idaho, United States, was built in 1913 by stonemason Ignacio Berriochoa. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="36705920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705920" title="Billy MacKay (cricketer)">
Billy MacKay (cricketer)

William Gilfellon Mackay (15 October 1891 – 8 August 1962) was an English cricketer. MacKay was a right-handed batsman. He was born at Shiremoor, Northumberland.
MacKay made his debut for Northumberland against Durham in the 1920 Minor Counties Championship at Osborne Avenue, Jesmond. He played minor counties cricket for Northumberland from 1920 to 1939, making 146 appearances for the county in the Minor Counties Championship, the last of which came against Norfolk. Playing minor counties cricket for Northumberland allowed MacKay to be selected to play for a combined Minor Counties cricket team, with him making a single first-class appearance for the team against Lancashire at Old Trafford in 1929. Only one innings was possible during the match because of rain, with Lancashire making 370/6 declared.
He died at High Heaton, Northumberland, on 8 August 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="36705936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705936" title="Tandi (disambiguation)">
Tandi (disambiguation)

Tandi is a city in Chitwan District, Nepal.
Tandi may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705937" title="Galo Arambarri Boarding House">
Galo Arambarri Boarding House

The Galo Arambarri Boarding House near Shoshone, Idaho, United States, was built in 1914 by stonemason Ignacio Berriochoa. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="36705944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705944" title="Ingun Brechan">
Ingun Brechan

Ingun Brechan (born 1954) is a Norwegian sport rower. She was born in Trondheim. She competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, where she placed fourth in the double sculls together with Solfrid Johansen.

</doc>
<doc id="36705954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705954" title="Seiichiro Nakagawa">
Seiichiro Nakagawa


</doc>
<doc id="36705955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705955" title="Jimmy Watkins">
Jimmy Watkins

Jimmy Watkins (born August 26, 1982) is an American track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's sprint, where he reached the quarterfinals, and sealed a sixth place ranking in the final classification race. 
Personal.
Watkins is a firefighter in his hometown of Bakersfield, California. He is married with a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="36705962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705962" title="Pavel Kelemen">
Pavel Kelemen

Pavel Kelemen (born 28 May 1991) is a Czech track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="36705971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705971" title="Bernard Esterhuizen">
Bernard Esterhuizen

Bernard Esterhuizen(born 4 October 1992) is a South African track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="36705974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705974" title="Ignacio Berriochoa Farm">
Ignacio Berriochoa Farm

The Ignacio Berriochoa Farm near Dietrich, Idaho, United States, was built in 1920 by Basque stonemason Ignacio Berriochoa. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The listing included two contributing buildings on .

</doc>
<doc id="36705977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705977" title="Hodei Mazquiarán">
Hodei Mazquiarán

Hodei Mazquiaran is a Spanish track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="36705989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705989" title="Haldis Lenes">
Haldis Lenes

Haldis Lenes (born 1957) is a Norwegian sport rower. She was born in Orkdal. She competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, where she placed fifth in the double sculls, together with Solfrid Johansen.

</doc>
<doc id="36705990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705990" title="José Reis">
José Reis

José Reis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36705992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705992" title="Baja Broadband">
Baja Broadband

Baja Broadband is a cable television provider based in Alamogordo, New Mexico with subscribers in Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico, Texas and Utah. The company was acquired Aug. 2, 2013 and now a wholly owned subsidiary of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. TDS, a Fortune 500 company. It was formerly known as Orange Broadband until 2007. Most of Baja Broadband's systems are former Charter Communications systems acquired in 2006 and US Cable systems acquired in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36705994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705994" title="Pequabuck Tunnel">
Pequabuck Tunnel

The Pequabuck Tunnel, also known as the Terryville Tunnel, is a railroad tunnel in Plymouth and Pequabuck, Connecticut. It is located on a still-active segment of the Hartford, Providence and Fishkill Railroad used by freight trains running between New Britain and Waterbury. Although locally known as the Mile Long Tunnel, the Pequabuck Tunnel is just 3,850 feet long – about three-quarters of a mile. The tunnel is 32 feet wide and 26 feet tall, with regularly spaced recesses in the walls to allow a person to seek safety while a train passes.
The tunnel is locally rumored to be haunted, with apocryphal reports of two ghostly figures. No evidence exists to substantiate these claims.
History.
The section of the Hartford, Providence & Fishkill between Hartford and Waterbury opened in July 1855. The route was twisty owing to the hilly terrain.
Construction of the tunnel through Sylvan Hill in Plymouth began in 1906, but temporarily stopped in 1907 due to financial issues. Despite a cave-in in July 1908, the tunnel was completed in 1910. The first passenger train through the tunnel ran on January 27, 1911. The Pequabuck station (signed as Terryville) was located near the east portal of the tunnel.
As passenger service began to decline, the second track was removed in 1939 and the remaining track was moved to the center of the tunnel a year later. Through service on the entire Hartford, Providence & Fishkill ended in the 1920s, but passenger service on the Hartford-Waterbury segment lasted until 1962. In the last years of service, the Pequabuck station was only open on Saturday mornings.
Although passenger service no longer operates on the line, it is still used for freight service by Pan Am Southern. The possibility exists for the restoration of passenger service on the Hartford-Waterbury route, which would include the first regularly scheduled passenger trains through the tunnel in more than a half-century.

</doc>
<doc id="36705996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36705996" title="Sergey Kucherov">
Sergey Kucherov

Sergey Kocherov (born July 18, 1980) is a Russian track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's team sprint for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36706002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706002" title="Manuel Silva Barn">
Manuel Silva Barn

The Manuel Silva Barn near Shoshone, Idaho, United States, was built in 1910 by stonemason Ignacio Berriochoa. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="36706003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706003" title="Ethan Mitchell">
Ethan Mitchell

Ethan Mitchell is a New Zealand track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the men's team sprint for the national team.
Mitchell has had a successful career in track sprinting after specialising in the 'standing lap' role of first position in the team sprint. Mitchell burst on the scene as a starter at the 2010 Commonwealth Games and has consistently risen the ranks to be one of the world's fastest from the gate. He has received Gold, Silver and Bronze medals at World Cup events and Silver and Bronze at the World Championship level in the team sprint. As Junior World Champion in 2009, an elite men's world title has eluded him and the New Zealand team.

</doc>
<doc id="36706010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706010" title="Yudai Nitta">
Yudai Nitta


</doc>
<doc id="36706013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706013" title="Ángel Pulgar">
Ángel Pulgar

Ángel Polgar is a Venezuelan track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's team sprint for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36706024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706024" title="Casper von Folsach">
Casper von Folsach

Casper von Folsach (born 30 March 1993) is a Danish track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's team pursuit for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36706030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706030" title="Evgeny Kovalev">
Evgeny Kovalev

Evgeny Kovalev is a Russian professional cyclist, who competes with the Russian Helicopters squad. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's team pursuit for the national team. His brother Ivan Kovalev is also a racing cyclist.

</doc>
<doc id="36706035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706035" title="Pablo Bernal">
Pablo Bernal

Pablo Aitor Bernal Rosique (born August 25, 1986) is a Spanish track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's team pursuit for the national team. He was born in Alhama de Murcia.

</doc>
<doc id="36706039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706039" title="Sebastián Mora">
Sebastián Mora

Sebastián Mora Vedri (born 19 February 1988 in Villarreal) is a Spanish track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's team pursuit for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36706042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706042" title="David Muntaner">
David Muntaner

David Muntaner Juaneda is a Spanish track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's team pursuit for the national team.
Muntaner turned professional for the 2014 road season with the ActiveJet team.

</doc>
<doc id="36706048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706048" title="Juan Arango (cyclist)">
Juan Arango (cyclist)

Juan Esteban Arango Carvajal (born 9 October 1986) is a Colombian road and track cyclist who rides for the professional cycling team . At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's team pursuit for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36706053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706053" title="Edwin Ávila">
Edwin Ávila

Edwin Alcibiades Ávila Vanegas (born 21 December 1989) is a Colombian road and track cyclist who rides for the professional cycling team . At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's team pursuit for the national team.
Grand Tour General Classification results timeline.
WD = Withdrew; In Progress = IP

</doc>
<doc id="36706054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706054" title="Gijs Van Hoecke">
Gijs Van Hoecke

Gijs van Hoecke (born 12 November 1991) is a Belgian cyclist, riding for the team.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's team pursuit for the national team. He won the 2012 Men's Madison World Championships, with Kenny De Ketele. Van Hoecke was sent home from the 2012 Olympic Games by the Belgian Olympic Committee for getting drunk, after his competition was over.

</doc>
<doc id="36706056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706056" title="Jonathan Dufrasne">
Jonathan Dufrasne

Jonathan Dufrasne is a Belgian track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's team pursuit for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36706061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706061" title="Choi Seung-woo">
Choi Seung-woo

Choi Seung-Woo is a South Korean track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's team pursuit for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36706065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706065" title="Denton J. Paul Water Tank">
Denton J. Paul Water Tank

The Denton J. Paul Water Tank near Dietrich, Idaho, United States, was built in 1910 by stonemason Ignacio Berriochoa. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="36706066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706066" title="Jang Sun-jae">
Jang Sun-jae

Jang Sun-Jae is a South Korean track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's team pursuit for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36706069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706069" title="Park Keon-woo">
Park Keon-woo

Park Keon-Woo is a South Korean track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's team pursuit for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36706071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706071" title="Park Seon-ho">
Park Seon-ho

Park Seon-Ho is a South Korean track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's team pursuit for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36706089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706089" title="Eloy Teruel">
Eloy Teruel

Eloy Teruel Rovira (born 20 November 1982) is a Spanish cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for Spain in the Men's Omnium. He signed with the for the 2013 road season, and joined for the 2014 season. As a rider for the Jamis team at the prestigious Tour of California, Eloy gained widespread coverage for celebrating what he believed to be a victory in the 7th stage, a lap before the end of the race; he ended up 56th. 

</doc>
<doc id="36706091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706091" title="Peyton Randolph Bishop House">
Peyton Randolph Bishop House

The Peyton Randolph Bishop House on Washington Avenue in Bridgeport, Connecticut was built in 1839. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
It was built in Greek Revival style and later received Victorian renovations.

</doc>
<doc id="36706092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706092" title="Cho Ho-sung">
Cho Ho-sung

Cho Ho-sung (born 15 June 1974) is a South Korean track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's Omnium.

</doc>
<doc id="36706098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706098" title="Bobby Lea">
Bobby Lea

Robert "Bobby" Lea is an American track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's Omnium.

</doc>
<doc id="36706101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706101" title="Edenred">
Edenred

Edenred, formerly Accor Services, is an international firm providing prepaid performance enhancement and commuter benefit services for businesses. Headquartered in Malakoff, France, Edenred has been autonomous since June 2010, following its split from the Accor group. The company introduced the "Ticket Restaurant" brand of meal vouchers to France in 1962 and has since expanded it globally. 
The company is present in 40 countries on five continents (North America, South America, Europe, Asia and Africa) and has nearly 6,000 employees. The Edenred Group has been listed on NYSE Euronext Paris since July 2, 2010.
Products and Services.
Edenred's offerings include the Ticket Restaurant® meal voucher, the Commuter Check® commuting cost reduction program, the WiredCommute® commuter benefit solutions program, the Compliments® Card providing reward and incentive solutions to motivate better workplace behavior, and the Target:Nutrition® employee wellness solutions program.
Ownership.
According to the company website, Edenred is 73.57% owned by institutional shareholders, 21.50% by Colony Capital and Eurazeo, 4.79% by individual shareholders and a 0.14% is a capital retained as treasury stock.
Development.
Edenred was formed on June 29, 2010, after the shareholders of Accor approved its demerger. Colony Capital and Eurazeo, the most important stakeholders then, agreed to keep their shares in both companies until early 2012. In July 2010, the company went public and ended the year with a €965 million turnover and an annual operating profit between €310 and €330 million, with a gross margin of approximately 30%. In 2011, revenues increased 6.9%. 
Expansion.
In July 2012, Edenred acquired Barclay Vouchers, the sole provider in the Japanese meal voucher market, at a cost of €28 million. It also purchased Comprocard, a food voucher company of Brasil, for about €24 million. These transactions further Edenred's objective to create six or eight new international subsidiaries by 2016.
In February 2013, Edenred announced its expansion into Colombia, the 40th country in which the corporation has a presence.

</doc>
<doc id="36706105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706105" title="Carlos Linarez">
Carlos Linarez

Carlos Linarez is a Venezuelan track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's Omnium.

</doc>
<doc id="36706107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706107" title="Luis Mansilla">
Luis Mansilla

Luis Miguel Mansilla Almonacid is a Chilean track and road cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's Omnium.
Mansilla will turn professional in 2014 with the PinoRoad squad.

</doc>
<doc id="36706137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706137" title="Steve Hertz (baseball coach)">
Steve Hertz (baseball coach)

Steve Hertz (born October 3, 1950) is an American former college baseball coach. Hertz was the head coach of the Gonzaga Bulldogs in 1978 before holding the same position at UC Irvine from 1979 to 1980. Hertz returned to Gonzaga prior to the 1981 season and coached there through the end of the 2003 season. Under Hertz, Gonzaga appeared in two NCAA Tournaments (1978 and 1981), six Pac-10 Northern Division Tournaments (1986–1991), and one West Coast Conference Championship Series (2001). Hertz's career head coaching record was 697-678-5.
Hertz played college baseball at both Los Angeles Pierce College and at Gonzaga. He was signed by Major League Baseball's Minnesota Twins in 1972 and played three seasons of minor league baseball (1972–1974).
Head coaching record.
The following is a table of Hertz's yearly records as an NCAA head baseball coach.

</doc>
<doc id="36706147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706147" title="Steve Hertz">
Steve Hertz

Steve Hertz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36706153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706153" title="Eric M. Esquivel">
Eric M. Esquivel

Eric Michael Esquivel is an American comic book writer and journalist.
Life.
Esquivel was born in Gurnee, Illinois on February 10, 1987. He currently lives and works in Los Angeles.
Comics career.
Esquivel is known for a brand of writing that includes references to popular culture as well as sociopolitical commentary. His tone is generally very colloquial and Esquivel is believed to have coined the term "Thunderchrist."
Journalism career.
The author has also worked as a journalist and critic, writing for such sites as Bleeding Cool, Fox News Latino, The Tucson Weekly, Bookmans Entertainment Exchange. and The Tucson Citizen.
Awards.
Esquivel's book "Thor: Unkillable Thunder Christ" received a 9.8 rating from Multiversity Comics.
Bravest Warriors #13 received a "4 out of 5" from Comic Bastards.
"Freelancers #2" received a 'Rama Rating of 8 out of 10 on Newsarama, scoring higher than that week's issue of Avengers, and Wonder Woman. It currently holds a 4 out of 5 stars rating on Comixology.
He accepted the Bleeding Cool award for "Best Fight Scene of The Last Twelve Months" on behalf of Scott Snyder and Greg Capullo (who won for Batman vs. The Court of Owls), at the 2012 Bleeding Cool Fan Awards.
His original graphic novel "Horrible Little People" currently has a 4.2 (out of 5) star rating at Goodreads.
"Unite and Take Over: Stories Inspired By The Songs of The Smiths", an anthology series Esquivel contributed to, was named "Best Comic Book Inspired by a Band" in the 2012 "Best Of" issue of The Phoenix New Times.
Esquivel himself was named "One of The Best People In Tucson" by The Tucson Weekly in 2011
Praise From Peers.
“Eric M. Esquivel writes pop superheroes with a punk rock sense of humor.” – Jamie S. Rich, It Girl
“Fast, breezy super-hero action–with brains, heart and soul enough to make Electric Youth more than just another fleet-footed slacker. This is the perfect comic to take me back to the glory days of my previous favorite speedster. My pal, Eric Esquivel is light years ahead of the pack!” – Brian Augustyn, The Flash (Regarding Esquivel's book ELECTRIC YOUTH)
Mentions In Popular Culture.
British hip-hop artist Akira The Don named his record "Unkillable Thunderchrist" after Esquivel's book "Thor: Unkillable Thunder Christ".
"The World's Greatest Horror Rock Band" Calabrese's music video for "The Dead Don't Rise" features references to Poppa Rock, a character created by Eric M. Esquivel for the Calabrese comic book series, published by Spookshow records.
Artists Jim Mahfood (Clerks, Tank Girl) and Carmen "Jane Dope" Acosta reference Esquivel (both by his actual name, and by his nickname "Squiv") in the 47th episode of their popular podcast "The Beat Bee Sessions".
Esquivel was drawn into Boom Studios'Regular Show #7 by regular series artist Allison Strejlau.
Illustration.
Esquivel participated in Jon Morris' popular "Cornered" blog with an illustration of Marvel Comics' "Captain Mar-Vell" character. The piece was inked, colored, and lettered by Hannah Nance Partlow (letterer of Boom Studios' Adventure Time: Candy Capers).

</doc>
<doc id="36706155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706155" title="Semachrysa">
Semachrysa

Semachrysa is a genus of green lacewing found from Japan to Australia along the Western part of the Pacific Ocean. 20 "Semachrysa" species have been described between 1914 and 2012. 15 of them - one of which was new - have been included in a recent taxonomic study:
Further members include:

</doc>
<doc id="36706160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706160" title="Anne Grethe Jeppesen">
Anne Grethe Jeppesen

Anne Grethe Jeppesen (born 1957) is a Norwegian sport shooter. She was born in Florø, and is married to Harald Stenvaag. She competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, where she placed fifth in the 50 metres small-bore rifle (three positions), and tied 11th in the 10 metre air rifle.

</doc>
<doc id="36706181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706181" title="Paradise P-1 LSA">
Paradise P-1 LSA

The Paradise P-1 LSA is a Brazilian light-sport aircraft, designed and produced by Paradise Aircraft of Feira de Santana and introduced in 2008. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
Design and development.
The P-1 was designed to comply with the US light-sport aircraft rules and was accepted as a factory-built special light-sport aircraft in 2009. It features a strut-braced high-wing, a two-seats-in-side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit, fixed tricycle landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft is made from welded steel tubing covered in aluminum sheet. Its span wing has an area of and flaps. The standard engine is the Rotax 912ULS four-stroke powerplant. The cockpit is wide.
Operational history.
In August 2012 there were ten P-1s registered in the United States with the US Federal Aviation Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="36706195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706195" title="Bernhard Bauer">
Bernhard Bauer

Bernhard Bauer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36706197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706197" title="No Hace Falta">
No Hace Falta

"No Hace Falta" () is a song written by Emilio Estefan Jr. and performed by Mexican singer Cristian Castro. It was released in 2003 as the Lead single from his eight Studio Album album, Amar Es.
Music video.
A music video, directed by Emilio Estefan Jr. was shot in 2003. Cristian's wife Gabriela Bo appeared in the video as a Geisha. The video was included in the album Amar Es and was also included in Nunca Voy a Olvidarte...Los Exitos DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="36706199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706199" title="A.C. Milan (beach soccer)">
A.C. Milan (beach soccer)

A.C. Milan has a professional beach soccer team based in Milano, Italy.
Mundialito de Clubes 2012 squad.
Coach: Emiliano del Duca

</doc>
<doc id="36706201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706201" title="Sarah Steyaert">
Sarah Steyaert

Sarah Steyaert is a French sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Laser Radial class, finishing in 16th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36706203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706203" title="Tina Mihelić">
Tina Mihelić

Tina Mihelić is a Croatian sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Laser Radial class, finishing in 17th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36706211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706211" title="Dennis McCoy">
Dennis McCoy

Dennis McCoy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36706212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706212" title="Josefin Olsson">
Josefin Olsson

Josefin Olsson (born August 23, 1989) is a Swedish sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Laser Radial class, finishing in 18th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36706214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706214" title="Francesca Clapcich">
Francesca Clapcich

Francesca Clapcich is an Italian sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Laser Radial class, finishing in 19th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36706215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706215" title="Sara Winther">
Sara Winther

Sara Winther is a New Zealand sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Laser Radial class, finishing in 20th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36706220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706220" title="Cecilia Carranza Saroli">
Cecilia Carranza Saroli

Cecilia Carranza Saroli is an Argentine sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Laser Radial class, finishing in 21st place.

</doc>
<doc id="36706224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706224" title="Anna Weinzieher">
Anna Weinzieher

Anna Weinzieher (born 14 September 1990 in Warsaw) is a Polish sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Laser Radial class, finishing in 22nd place.

</doc>
<doc id="36706226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706226" title="Elizabeth Yin">
Elizabeth Yin

Elizabeth Yin is a Singaporean sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Laser Radial class, finishing in 24th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36706228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706228" title="Adriana Kostiw">
Adriana Kostiw

Adriana Kostiw is a Brazilian sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Laser Radial class, finishing in 25th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36706230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706230" title="Franziska Goltz">
Franziska Goltz

Franziska Goltz (born 19 February 1985 in Schwerin) is a German sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Laser Radial class, finishing in 26th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36706233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706233" title="Danielle Dube (sailor)">
Danielle Dube (sailor)

Danielle Dube (sailor) is a Canadian sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Laser Radial class, finishing in 27th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36706235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706235" title="Sara Carmo">
Sara Carmo

Sara Carmo is a Portuguese sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Laser Radial class, finishing in 28th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36706243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706243" title="Manami Doi">
Manami Doi

Manami Doi is a Japanese sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Laser Radial class, finishing in 31st place.

</doc>
<doc id="36706246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706246" title="Andrea Aldana">
Andrea Aldana

Andrea Aldana Bennett is a Guatemalan sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Laser Radial class, finishing in 32nd place.

</doc>
<doc id="36706248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706248" title="Anna Agrafioti">
Anna Agrafioti

Anna Agrafioti (; born 10 April 1991 in Athens) is a Greek sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Laser Radial class, finishing in 33rd place.

</doc>
<doc id="36706253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706253" title="Svetlana Shnitko">
Svetlana Shnitko

Svetlana Shnitko is a Russian sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Laser Radial class, finishing in 34th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36706255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706255" title="Harold P. Darcy">
Harold P. Darcy

Harold P. Darcy (10 July 1929 - 23 December 1997) is an American Roman Catholic priest who served as the rector of the Pontifical North American College in Rome from 1974 to 1979. Monsignor Darcy was a priest of the Archdiocese of Newark, New Jersey.
Biography.
He was born on 10 July 1929 in Ireland.
Prior to his service as rector of the Pontifical North American College, Monsignor Darcy was rector of Immaculate Conception Seminary at Seton Hall University from 1972 to 1974.
He died on 23 December 1997 in South Orange, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="36706256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706256" title="Anna Pohlak">
Anna Pohlak

Anna Pohlak (born 1 July 1993) is an Estonian sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Laser Radial class, finishing in 35th place.
She started sailing at the age of eleven and sailed in Optimist and Zoom8 classes.

</doc>
<doc id="36706260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706260" title="Andrea Foglia">
Andrea Foglia

Andrea Foglia is a Uruguayan sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Laser Radial class, finishing in 38th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36706264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706264" title="Paloma Schmidt">
Paloma Schmidt

Paloma Schmidt is a Peruvian sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's Laser Radial class, finishing in 39th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36706271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706271" title="EA Autolog">
EA Autolog

Autolog (also known as EA Autolog) is a networking feature that allows players to compare their high scores on events, check their progress and statistics, share photos, post on walls, and comment on others' motives in EA's racing games, mainly the "Need for Speed" series. Leaderboards for race events are known as "speedwalls". "Burnout Crash!" leaderboards are called "CrashWalls", which are similar to speedwalls in the "Need for Speed" series.
Appearances.
Autolog was first introduced in Criterion Games' "".
The latest version is Autolog 2.0 which was released with the 2012 reboot, "". As of July 30, 2012, Autolog doesn't work in any of the previous titles, since the service was shutdown for older games.
Features.
For race events, where the player has a small time difference on a speedwall to their next best opponent, Autolog displays them to the players as recommendations. After beating a recommendation, players can post on their wall, informing their friends about it via a standard message. The system also gives friend recommendations, that are on a similar level as the player. The latest version of Autolog, the Autolog 2.0, records times, jump distances and found cars, and gives the features found in the previous Autolog.
Autolog 2.0.
Autolog 2.0 builds upon the social features introduced in "Hot Pursuit" and also introduces the new CloudComplete feature. This allows players to be further connected in Criterion Games' "Need for Speed: Most Wanted".
The cloud-based, cross-platform scoring system allow players to link profiles, so that they can combine points earned on all platforms, as well as have a wider social network as they draw from their friend lists across all platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="36706281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706281" title="Giovanna Micol">
Giovanna Micol

Giovanna Micol is an Italian sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 470 class.

</doc>
<doc id="36706291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706291" title="Ana Barbachan">
Ana Barbachan

Ana Barbachan is a Brazilian sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 470 class.

</doc>
<doc id="36706292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706292" title="Jack Nielsen">
Jack Nielsen

Jack Nielsen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36706295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706295" title="Beyazıt Square">
Beyazıt Square

Beyazıt Square (), situated in the European part of Istanbul, Turkey, is a square in the district of Fatih. It is officially named "Freedom Square" (), but is known as Beyazıt Square after the Bayezid II Mosque on one side of it. The Square is the former site of the Forum of Theodosius built by Constantine the Great. On one side of the square is the main entrance of Istanbul University; the Beyazıt Tower is on the university's campus and can be seen from the square. The current form of the square was designed by Turgut Cansever.
The square has been the site of political protests, including some in 1969 known as Bloody Sunday, and a terrorist attack in 1978 (Beyazıt Massacre). In 1915 twenty Armenian activists were hanged in the square (The 20 Hunchakian gallows).

</doc>
<doc id="36706297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706297" title="Kathrin Kadelbach">
Kathrin Kadelbach

Kathrin Kadelbach (born 1 August 1983 in Berlin) is a German sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 470 class.

</doc>
<doc id="36706298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706298" title="Friederike Belcher">
Friederike Belcher

Friederike Belcher (born 1 August 1983 in Berlin) is a German sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 470 class.

</doc>
<doc id="36706300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706300" title="Amanda Clark">
Amanda Clark

Amanda Clark (born on 26 March 1982) is an American sports sailor. She was born in Southampton, New York, United States.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China in the women's 470. Sailing alongside Sara Mergenthaler the pair finished in 12th position.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's 470 class with Sarah Lihan; the pair finished ninth. 

</doc>
<doc id="36706301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706301" title="Sarah Lihan">
Sarah Lihan

Sarah Lihan (born on 15 August 1988) is an American sports sailor. She was born in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, United States.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's 470 class with Amanda Clark; the pair finished ninth. 

</doc>
<doc id="36706302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706302" title="Robert and Company">
Robert and Company

Robert and Company is an architectural engineering firm based in Atlanta, Georgia with multiple offices in the southern United States. It was founded in 1917. Its founder was L.W. “Chip” Robert, Jr..
The firm provides multiple services including commercial and military aviation services, architecture, planning, landscape architecture and even providing historic preservation services.
A number of its works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Works include:

</doc>
<doc id="36706307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706307" title="Tara Pacheco">
Tara Pacheco

Tara Pacheco is a Spanish sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 470 class.

</doc>
<doc id="36706308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706308" title="Berta Betanzos">
Berta Betanzos

Berta Betanzos is a Spanish sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 470 class.
She won the gold medal in the 2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships and the silver medal in the 470 World Championships of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36706310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706310" title="Jörgen Sundqvist">
Jörgen Sundqvist

Jörgen Sundqvist may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36706313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706313" title="Wang Xiaoli (sailor)">
Wang Xiaoli (sailor)

Xiaoli Wang is a Chinese sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 470 class. She and team-mate Huang Xufeng finished in 11th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36706320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706320" title="Huang Xufeng">
Huang Xufeng

Xufeng Huang (born 31 January 1984) is a Chinese sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 470 class.

</doc>
<doc id="36706323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706323" title="Kashubian diaspora">
Kashubian diaspora

The Kashubian diaspora resulted from the emigration of Kashubians, with significant waves having occurred in the second half of the 19th century. The majority of Kashubian emigrants settled in the United States and Canada, although some also seem to have emigrated to Brazil, Australia, and New Zealand. Their reasons for emigration varied. Until the Franco-Prussian War, Kashubians emigrated primarily for economic reasons. After the Franco-Prussian War and especially due to the Kulturkampf, Kaszubian emigration accelerated as socio-political factors came into play. 
The Kashubian diaspora is of note in American history because it predated the Polish American diaspora, which is regarded as having peaked at the beginning of the 20th century. In addition, Kashubian immigrants to the United States preferred to live on farms and in smaller cities, as opposed to the Polish immigrants' preference for large cities like Chicago, Buffalo, and Detroit.
Kashubians, Poles, and Germans.
The Kashubians have always been primarily an agrarian people, making a living by either farming or fishing. As such, they have traditionally considered themselves an entirely separate entity from both the Polish and German peoples. The question of Kashubian origins, with particular reference to Polish origins, remains vexed. Yet the Kashubian people have managed to retain their distinctive ethnic identity despite centuries of attempted Germanization and Polonization. Due to historical necessities, Kashubians have traditionally been able to understand and make themselves understood in both Polish and German; however, they never lost their own Kashubian language. Despite their shared Slavic heritage and their common devotion to Roman Catholicism, Kashubians and Poles have not always lived comfortably with each other; siding with ethnic Poles against ethnic Germans was not a foregone conclusion. Fortunately, modern Kashubians are comfortable in their status as citizens of the modern Polish Republic.
Reasons for emigration.
The primary reason for emigration was economic. Kaszubian farmers were not targeted by Prussian laws immediately after 1850. As the eminent Kaszubian scholar, Professor Józef Borzyszkowski of Gdańsk University has observed, Kaszubians were more or less comfortable with Prussian governance at the time. Rather, smallholders of all ethnicities were disadvantaged because the greater part of arable Pomeranian land already belonged to estate owners, and what remained was not particularly fertile. Another problem was the population boom among the Kaszubians and Poles. Large families were typical of devout Roman Catholics, and in this particular case children were welcomed as additional workers. Once grown to maturity, however, the surfeit of young people were a further drain upon Pomerania's already strained fortunes. Recognizing this situation, the Prussian government tried to free up land by encouraging (but not forcing) Kaszubians and Poles to emigrate. One very early incentive was inexpensive or even free travel to North America.
In the wake of the Franco-Prussian War and the unification of Germany, Kaszubians and Poles met with institutionalized hostility. The Kulturkampf brought further indignities. It became illegal to use the Polish (and by default, the Kashubian) languages in public, including (or especially) church. By this time, too, the first wave of Kashubian emigrants had formed viable communities in towns such as Wilno (Ontario), Winona (Minnesota), and Stevens Point and Pine Creek (Wisconsin). Letters and remittances flowed from the contented North American immigrants, encouraging more Kaszubians to try their chances in the West. One particular selling point was the availability of homesteads. Many did; more, in fact, than the Kaszubian immigrant communities could effectively absorb. As the Kaszubian community within Germany became more self-aware (thanks to figures such as Florian Ceynowa and Aleksander Majkowski) it became more resilient in contending with the Germans; another result of the Kulturkampf was that Kaszubians were more likely to make common cause with Poles. The primary sources of the twentieth-century Polish emigration boom were the Austrian and Russian zones of occupation.
First wave (1855-1870).
The first wave of Kaszubian emigrants tended to sail from Hamburg to either New York City or Quebec. They emigrated, if not in clans, in extended family groups which replicated themselves in North America. Winona, Minnesota's first Kaszubian settlers, the Józef Bronk family, are believed to have reached that town in 1855. Portage County, Wisconsin's first Kaszubian settlers, the Koziczkowski family, arrived in the fall of 1857. Renfrew County, Ontario's first Kaszubian settlers are said to have arrived in 1858. The families which settled in Portage County and in Renfrew County quickly established farming settlements: Polonia, Wisconsin and Wilno, Ontario. The group of emigrants which came to Winona was rather larger and had trouble finding farmland in the immediate vicinity; consequently in 1862 the community of Pine Creek was founded across the Mississippi River in Trempealeau County, Wisconsin.
Second wave (1870-1890).
The pace of Kaszubian emigration picked up as the Kulturkampf gathered force. 1872 saw the founding of a small Kashubian community on Jones Island in Milwaukee's harbor by Kashubian immigrant Jacob Muza. Unfortunately, the harbor land was too valuable and the Kaszubians had never acquired title: the last Kaszubian settler was forced out in 1944. In the middle 1880s, a Kaszubian enclave formed in the Chicago neighborhood of Lincoln Park, and the parish of Saint Josaphat was established there in 1884. In 1902, a huge new Romanesque church was completed there. In Winona, the Kaszubian community attained such a size that in 1894 the Roman Catholic parish of Saint Stanislaus Kostka had to level its old sanctuary and build a new one seating 1800 worshipers. Since jobs in Winona's dwindling sawmill industry were in short supply, many of the newer immigrants proceeded west to newer Kaszubian settlements in western Minnesota and eastern North Dakota. Toward the turn of the century, minor Kaszubian settlements were established in western North Dakota and eastern Montana.

</doc>
<doc id="36706324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706324" title="Agnieszka Skrzypulec">
Agnieszka Skrzypulec

Agnieszka Skrzypulec (born 3 June 1989 in Szczecin) is a Polish sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 470 class.

</doc>
<doc id="36706328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706328" title="Jolanta Ogar">
Jolanta Ogar

Jolanta Ogar (born 28 April 1982, in Brzesko) is a Polish competitive sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 470 class.

</doc>
<doc id="36706331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706331" title="Maria Fernanda Sesto">
Maria Fernanda Sesto

Maria Fernanda Sesto is an Argentine sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 470 class.

</doc>
<doc id="36706333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706333" title="Consuelo Monsegur">
Consuelo Monsegur

Consuelo Monsegur is an Argentine sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 470 class.

</doc>
<doc id="36706335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706335" title="Mount Nord Historic District">
Mount Nord Historic District

Mount Nord Historic District (also Mt. Nord Historic District, formerly Mont Nord Addition) is a historic district in Fayetteville, Arkansas encompassing one city block with five properties. The district lies atop a rise of about above the surrounding area. The properties were built between 1901 and 1925 in various architectural styles, and the area was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
History.
Fayetteville began booming after the Civil War with the establishment of the Arkansas Industrial University in 1871 and completion of the St. Louis - San Francisco Railway (Frisco) to the city. The railway also helped the growing apple and strawberry industries surrounding Fayetteville and began the growth of a timber industry. As a result Fayetteville began to expand outward, including the Mont Nord Addition. The addition was platted in 1908 as the area bounded by Lafayette Street, Maple Street, Forest Avenue, and Mock Avenue. The name "Mont Nord" was taken from French to mean "North Mountain", as the addition was at the northern boundary of Fayetteville at the time. The district formerly included the Arkansas Building, a structure built in St. Louis Missouri for the 1904 World's Fair. Fayetteville businessman Artemus Wolf purchased the structure, had it disassembled, marked, shipped and rebuilt on his property in the Mont Nord Addition in 1905. This structure was demolished in 1939, leaving only the five properties along Mount Nord Street which compose the present-day district.

</doc>
<doc id="36706340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706340" title="Ai Kondo">
Ai Kondo


</doc>
<doc id="36706343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706343" title="Wakako Tabata">
Wakako Tabata


</doc>
<doc id="36706344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706344" title="Gil Cohen">
Gil Cohen

Gil Cohen () (born July 7, 1992) is an Israeli Olympic sports sailor.
Early life.
Cohen was born and raised in Haifa and studied at the Hebrew Reali School.
Career.
Cohen started sailing at a young age, and was the national champion on the Optimist in 2005 and 2006, as well as in the 420 discipline in 2007 and 2008.
In the 2008 Sailing World Championships she won a silver medal in the 420 discipline. After changing to the 470 discipline, she won a silver medal a year later, with Dana Mamriev at the 470 Junior World Championships. In 2010 the duo won a bronze medal at the ISAF Sailing World Cup in Hyères.
In 2010, following Vered Buskila's return to competitive sailing, and Nike Kornecki's continued retirement, Buskila and Cohen became a team. In 2011, the duo won a bronze medal at the ISAF Sailing World Cup in Palma, and qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics after finishing 7th at the pre-Olympic tournament. At the 2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships they finished 4th place. However, they only managed to finish 15th place at the Sailing at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Women's 470 class.

</doc>
<doc id="36706346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706346" title="Henriette Koch">
Henriette Koch

Henriette Koch (born on 3 April 1985) is a Danish sports sailor.
She was born in Allerød, Denmark, on 3 April 1985. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's 470 class where, alongside crewmate Lene Sommer, she finished 16th.

</doc>
<doc id="36706348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706348" title="Lene Sommer">
Lene Sommer

Lene Sommer (born on 16 September 1985) is a Danish sports sailor.
She was born in Frederiksberg, Denmark, on 16 September 1985. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's 470 class where, alongside crewmate Henriette Koch, she finished 16th.

</doc>
<doc id="36706350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706350" title="Enia Ninčević">
Enia Ninčević

Enia Ninčević (born 9 July 1990) is a Croatian sports sailor.
She was born in Split, Croatia, on 9 July 1990. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's 470 class where, alongside crewmate Romana Župan, she finished 17th.

</doc>
<doc id="36706352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706352" title="Romana Župan">
Romana Župan

Romana Župan (born on 22 May 1987) is a Croatian sports sailor.
She was born in Zadar, Croatia, on 22 May 1987. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's 470 class where, alongside crewmate Enia Ninčević, she finished 17th. 

</doc>
<doc id="36706354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706354" title="Lisa Ericson">
Lisa Ericson

Lisa Ericson is a Swedish sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 470 class.

</doc>
<doc id="36706356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706356" title="Astrid Gabrielsson">
Astrid Gabrielsson

Astrid Gabrielsson (born July 27, 1987 in Vasa, Sweden) is a Swedish sports sailor. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 470 class.

</doc>
<doc id="36706357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706357" title="Rorrington">
Rorrington

Rorrington is a hamlet in west Shropshire, England.
It is in the civil parish of Chirbury with Brompton. Four lanes lead into the hamlet: from Marton in the north, Meadowtown in the east, Middleton in the south, and Wotherton in the west.
National Cycle Route 44 passes through the hamlet.
History.
Rorrington's name is possibly derived from Old English personal name and could be translated as "the estate of Hror". As "Roritune", it was recorded as a manor in the Domesday Book, when it was held jointly by Robert and Roger fitz Corbet.
There was once a holy well here, located on the hillside at Rorrington Green. In the mediaeval period it was a place of pilgrimage and there was a small chapel on the site, administered by the canons of St Michael's church in Chirbury and probably dedicated to the Virgin Mary. This may have been the Christianisation of an earlier tradition.
Until the 1830s, a "Halliwell Wakes" was held on Ascension Day, when villagers would process round the hillside, with music and dancing: pins were thrown in the well (dressed with green boughs, rushes and flowers) for good luck.

</doc>
<doc id="36706358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706358" title="Lara Vadlau">
Lara Vadlau

Lara Vadlau (born on 29 March 1994) is an Austrian competitive sailor.
She was born in Feldbach, Austria, on 29 March 1994. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's 470 class where, alongside crewmate Eva-Maria Schimak, she finished 20th.

</doc>
<doc id="36706359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706359" title="Volcan (disambiguation)">
Volcan (disambiguation)

Volcan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36706361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706361" title="Eva-Maria Schimak">
Eva-Maria Schimak

Eva-Maria Schimak (born on 11 August 1986) is an Austrian competitive sailor.
She was born in Schärding, Austria, on 11 August 1986. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's 470 class where, alongside crewmate Lara Vadlau, she finished 20th.

</doc>
<doc id="36706385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706385" title="Borqs">
Borqs

Borqs Beijing Ltd.(), is an Android software firm headquartered in Beijing. Borqs was founded in September 2007 and has offices in China, India, and the US. In 2011, Borqs was one of six mobile technology companies to receive a piece of $26 million in funding from Intel. Borqs offers Android customization and cloud software for operators and Android commercialization services.
OPhone Development.
Borqs has been a member of the Open Handset Alliance since 2008 and is also a member of the Symbian Foundation. Borqs is notable as the developer of the OPhone, or Open Mobile System (OMS), for China Mobile. The OPhone is a Linux-kernel-based open source software platform that has been used in conjunction with China Mobile's proprietary TD-SCDMA 3G network.
Version 2.0 of the Ophone software has 50,000 registered developers and was launched in late 2009. China Mobile has signed up more than 20 handset vendors to develop phones for the Ophone OS. OPhone accounted for 38% of the TD-SCDMA smartphone market at the end of 2011. It has been speculated in the Chinese media that, in time, the OPhone may break away from Android entirely and establish itself as a fully independent operating system.
Borqs has brought its OPhone software to the US under the name Android+. Borqs provided software under the Android+ branding for Dell's line-up of smartphones in the US.
Awards.
Deloitte's Technology Fast 50 China in 2012 listed Borqs as the 9th-fastest-growing technology firm in China due to the company's three-year growth of 1,054%.
Borqs CEO Pat Chan was named 2012's "Beijing Entrepreneur of the Year" by Silicon Dragon in 2012 for his work at Borqs.

</doc>
<doc id="36706392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706392" title="Pillar discography">
Pillar discography

The discography of Pillar, which consists of 8 studio albums, 3 EPs, and 24 singles.

</doc>
<doc id="36706408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706408" title="Bill Hunt (alpine skier)">
Bill Hunt (alpine skier)

William Francis Irwin (Wiff or Bill) Hunt (28 September 1929 – 29 November 2009) was an alpine skier from New Zealand. 
He competed for New Zealand at the 1952 Winter Olympics at Oslo, the first Winter Olympics for New Zealand. He was 65th in the Downhill, 75th in the Slalom and 81st in the Giant Slalom. There was no New Zealand Olympic team in 1956. 
He again represented New Zealand in the 1960 Winter Olympics at Squaw Valley, when he was the flagbearer. He was 54th in the Downhill and 51st in the Giant Slalom. 
He was educated at Te Kuiti School, Southwell School, Hamilton, King's College, Auckland and Massey Agricultural College, Palmerston North; and was later a farmer. He had been introduced to skiing at Mount Ruapehu while at Massey in 1948, when he joined the Ruapehu Ski Club, and had instruction at Ruapehu from Swiss champion Walter Haensli. He was on the club committee; later as president, life member and patron. He was a councillor and president (chairman) of the New Zealand Ski Association. He was New Zealand ski champion 6 times between 1954 and 1962, and later competed in Masters Ski Racing at international level. He was born and died in Te Kuiti; his wife Rosemary was also from Te Kuiti.

</doc>
<doc id="36706425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706425" title="NAS Chase Field-Building 1001">
NAS Chase Field-Building 1001

The NAS Chase Field-Building 1001 located on Independence St., 0.45 mi. S of jct. with TX 202 in Beeville, Texas was built in 1943. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36706428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706428" title="Justyna Kozdryk">
Justyna Kozdryk

Justyna Kozdryk (born 4 March 1980) is a Polish powerlifter who won silver at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. She is expected to compete again for Poland at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36706437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706437" title="Clube de Regatas do Flamengo (beach soccer)">
Clube de Regatas do Flamengo (beach soccer)

Clube de Regatas do Flamengo has a professional beach soccer team based in Brazil.
Mundialito de Clubes 2012 squad.
Coach: Rogério Vilela

</doc>
<doc id="36706449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706449" title="Texas, New Jersey">
Texas, New Jersey

Texas is an unincorporated community within Monroe Township, Middlesex County, New Jersey.
Transportation.
Major roads in and around Texas are U.S. Route 9, NJ Route 18, County Route 520, and County Route 527.

</doc>
<doc id="36706461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706461" title="Saratoga Victory Mill">
Saratoga Victory Mill

The Saratoga Victory Mill on Gunter Avenue in Guntersville, Alabama was built in 1928. It was a work of architectural and engineering firm Robert & Company. It has also been known as Guntersville Mill and as Standard-Coosa-Thatcher Mill. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="36706464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706464" title="Educarchile">
Educarchile

educarchile is a Chilean educational website owned by the Ministry of Education of Chile and Fundación Chile. educarchile was created in 2001 using as a basis two different projects from the Ministry of Education and Fundación Chile, and its purpose is "to be the great Internet educative center for teachers, students, families and education researchers."

</doc>
<doc id="36706466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706466" title="Jim Read">
Jim Read

Jim Read may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36706474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706474" title="Ryszard Rogala">
Ryszard Rogala

Ryszard Rogala (born 11 March 1975) is a Paralympic powerlifter of Poland. He began competing in Poland in 1999. He has won Paralympic medals for his nation and is expected to compete for Poland at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36706478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706478" title="National Security Bureau of the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party – Syria Region">
National Security Bureau of the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party – Syria Region

The National Security Bureau, officially the National Security Bureau of the Regional Command of the Syrian Regional Branch, is a Ba'ath Party bureau which coordinates the work of Syria's intelligence agencies and advises the Regional Secretary. The individual intelligence agencies, however, in practice have a significant degree of independence and generally report directly to the president. The current head of the National Security Bureau is Ali Mamluk.

</doc>
<doc id="36706494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706494" title="Jason Farol">
Jason Farol

Jason Farol (born April 3, 1989) Is an American singer from Torrance, California, who placed third in the American television series Duets, alongside mentor Kelly Clarkson In August 2012, Farol was signed to Viva Records, and released his debut Philippine album in October 2013.
Life and career.
Early life.
Jason Farol was born in Torrance, California, on April 3, 1989. Farol's mother is of Filipino and Irish decent, and father of Filipino decent. Farol credits his first exposure to music was through his father, who is also a singer, and bought a Karaoke system where Farol began to be introduced to the musical styles of Jazz and Blues. In August 2011, he began attending Cal State Dominguez Hills in Carson, California, to pursue a degree in Occupational Therapy.
2012: Duets.
Overview.
Farol auditioned for the first season of Duets for a chance to be a part of Kelly Clarkson's team. Having successfully passed two rounds of auditions with producers, he auditioned in front of Clarkson, singing At Last by Etta James, and When A Man Loves A Woman by Percy Sledge. After advancing, Clarkson narrowed it down to two finalist to compete for a slot on the show. On April 10, 2012, during this round, Clarkson, brought Farol on stage during her Stronger Concert Tour to sing Poison and Wine by The Civil Wars. After a successful performance, Clarkson picked Farol to compete in the top 8 as her duet partner.
On May 20, 2012, Duets premiered on ABC. Clarkson and Farol sang "Breaking Your Own Heart" off Kelly's Stronger album. After the results were tallied, Farol found himself in last place among the 8 contestants. Farol consistently found himself in the bottom 2 over the next two weeks, and was up for elimination during the first eliminations of the season. Farol sung Me and Mrs Jones as his save me song, and was saved by the judges.
As the show progressed, Farol improved and made it to the top 5, live shows, where he consistently placed in the top 2. During the first Live Show, Farol and Clarkson sang Mercy by Duffy. In the top 4, during Standards week, Farol and Clarkson sang Feeling Good where he received his first standing ovation. In the top 3 Live shows, Farol earned himself another standing ovation from all four judges for his performance of Runaway Baby by Bruno Mars
Farol secured a spot in the season finale where he took 3rd place.
Post "Duets" Career.
2012–present.
After "Duets" ended, Clarkson invited Farol to reprise their duet of Mercy at The Hollywood Bowl during her Stronger Concert Tour on July 30, 2012. He would later sing the National Anthem for The Oakland A's and The Los Angeles Lakers
In August 2012, Farol signed a record deal overseas in the Philippines with Viva Entertainment.
In October 2013, Farol released his debut self-titled Philippine album, and participated in his first musical tour of the country. His first single off the album, "I believe in Love Again" charted and peaked at #16 on Myx. 
On October 27, 2013, Farol made his Philippine television debut on ASAP 19 where he performed with Sarah Geronimo, singing Me and Mrs Jones. Following his duet with Geronimo, Farol became Sarah's opening act during her Perfect 10 Concert Tour. Farol then recorded the theme song for the Viva Film, When The Love Is Gone. In the U.S, Farol collaborated with writers of Perfect Storm Music Group and released his first U.S single and music video, "Contagious" in February 2014.
In 2014, Farol signed with ABS-CBN to join the television show ASAP.

</doc>
<doc id="36706501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706501" title="Hawkes Children's Library of West Point">
Hawkes Children's Library of West Point

The Hawkes Children's Library of West Point on West 8th Street in West Point, Georgia was built in 1922. It is one of the Hawkes Children's Library buildings inspired and funded with support from Albert King Hawkes. The building is a work of architectural and engineering firm Robert & Co. and was constructed by Batson & Cook. It includes Colonial Revival and Georgian Revival architecture. The library was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
The library is located along the Chattahoochee River in West Point outside of Cedartown, Georgia. It contains historical information for Troup County, Georgia and Chambers County, Alabama. The library also hosts educational and arts programs.

</doc>
<doc id="36706503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706503" title="Luke Day">
Luke Day

Luke Day Jr. (July 21, 1743 – June 1, 1801) was an American military officer, revolutionary, and farmer, most well known for his leadership role in Shays' Rebellion, for which he was convicted of high treason and sentenced to death, before being pardoned by Governor John Hancock. He was referred to as the "Master Spirit" of the insurrection, and was only passed over as overall leader in favor of Daniel Shays due to the perception of overzealousness on his part, by his men. As a lieutenant, and then a captain, he served for eight years and participated in many key battles of the American Revolutionary War, including the Siege of Boston, Quebec Expedition, Battles of Saratoga, Cherry Valley massacre, Sullivan Expedition and Siege of Yorktown. After the war, he joined the prestigious Society of the Cincinnati, which included the likes of George Washington and Alexander Hamilton.
Early life.
Luke Day Jr. was born July 21, 1743, in what is now West Springfield, Massachusetts, the son of Luke Day, Sr. and Jerusha (Skinner) Day. Luke was the third of seven siblings, and the oldest son. He was christened 10 days later at the First Congregational Church.
On August 20, 1762, he announced his intention of marriage to Lydia Kelsey, originally of Killingworth Township, Connecticut, then of Westfield, Massachusetts, daughter of Stephen Kelsey, Jr. and Lydia (Noble) Kelsey, and they married soon after. The Days and Kelseys had ties going back at least to the founding of Hartford, CT, where Robert Day and William Kelsey were neighbors. Luke and Lydia had ten children, although only five, four sons and a daughter, survived to adulthood.
Luke was referred to as a Gentleman, and was well-educated. He was deeply religious and sought counsel from both his minister and the Bible itself for the grievances of the people. In particular, he was inspired by this Bible passage: 
Family.
The Days were one of the most prominent families in West Springfield, holding many positions in the local and state government. His father's cousin, Colonel Benjamin Day was called "the most prominent man on the west side of the river." In addition to having a successful military career, Benjamin served many terms as a representative to the General Court of Massachusetts, and was the first moderator and one of the original selectmen of West Springfield. Benjamin also raised ninety pounds for the purchase of arms to be used in the Revolutionary War. Another of his father's cousins, William Day, was a sea captain and a hero of the French and Indian War for capturing a French admiral, and was the subject of a painting by John Singleton Copley. William was a member of the committee that approved the Sheffield Declaration. This William Day is a potential candidate to be the Captain William Day who earned Revolutionary War fame as the first American sea captain to be recognized by a foreign government (France).
Luke's cousin Josiah owned a home, which still stands today as the oldest known brick saltbox-style house in the country, and serves as a family museum. Luke is known to have trained his men in the commons area in front of this house, and it may have even served as his headquarters. Luke's brother-in-law (and first cousin) was Justin Morgan, who developed the Morgan horse breed and composed music, which survives today. Luke's brother, Thomas, also served in the Revolution as a lieutenant.
Revolutionary War.
Luke Day, then a second lieutenant in Captain Enoch Chapin's minutemen, marched on Boston on April 20, 1775, in response to the Lexington Alarm of the previous day.
Later years.
The Society of the Cincinnati, which he had joined to solidify his legacy, dismissed him as a member on July 13, 1787, due to his involvement in Shays' Rebellion. When Luke, Sr. died in 1791, Luke, Jr. was not named in his will. It is not known whether this was due to his participation in the rebellion, or other factors. He was brought to court several times for unpaid mortgage debts. Luke was known to have suffered from gout in his later years, and lived out his life in relative poverty and obscurity.
Death.
On June 1, 1801, shortly before his 58th birthday, Luke died at his home in West Springfield. Due to his infamy at the time as leader of Shays' Rebellion, he was buried next to his mother in an unmarked grave at Paucatuck Cemetery to prevent desecration, and only received a headstone almost two centuries later, in 1987, via the Ramapogue Historical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="36706512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706512" title="World War Blue">
World War Blue

Plot.
A re-imagining of the console wars, the series tells the story of two kingdoms, the Segua Kingdom and Ninteldo Empire, locked in a struggle for dominance over the land of Consume. After years of war, the Segua Kingdom is on the defensive until a kid named Gear appears boasting of his incredible speed.
Characters.
All of the characters are inspired by characters from various video game franchises.
Media.
Manga.
The original manga by Anastasia Shestakova and illustrated by Crimson began release on Red Road's mobile service from 2007. Nine "tankōbon" volumes have been released as of 2012. Seven Seas Entertainment has licensed the series for release in North America. The first volume was released in Summer of 2013.
Anime.
An anime adaptation was produced by 5th Avenue. The first episode was aired on Tokyo MX from October 20, 2012 and was also simulcast by Crunchyroll. Episode 2 aired on December 27, 2012, and episode 3 aired on April 4, 2013.
The opening theme is "retrospective world" by Hiro Shimono and Nobuhiko Okamoto whilst the ending theme is by Izumi Kitta and Suzuko Mimori.

</doc>
<doc id="36706528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706528" title="Bucks Mill, New Jersey">
Bucks Mill, New Jersey

Bucks Mill is an unincorporated community within Colts Neck Township, Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. County Route 537 travels through Bucks Mill, near Hominy Hill Golf Course.

</doc>
<doc id="36706529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706529" title="Grzegorz Polkowski">
Grzegorz Polkowski

Grzegorz Polkowski (born in Warsaw on 31 October 1983) is a Paralympic swimmer of Poland. At the 2004 Summer Paralympics he won a silver at 50m Freestyle S11 and at the 2008 Summer Paralympics he won a bronze at 100m Freestyle S11. He began swimming in 1997. He is expected to compete for Poland at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36706531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706531" title="Karl Anderson (disambiguation)">
Karl Anderson (disambiguation)

Karl Anderson (born 1980) is an American wrestler
Karl Anderson may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36706538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706538" title="Argentina at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Argentina at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Argentina competed in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from 29 August to 9 September 2012. The country's flagbearer at the Games' opening ceremony was the swimmer Guillermo Marro.
Boccia.
Argentina qualified a boccia team for the BC1/BC2 team events.
Football 5-a-side.
Argentina qualified a team for the football 5-a-side event. The Argentine team qualified as they came second place at the 2011 Parapan American Games.
Football 7-a-side.
Argentina qualified a team for the football 7-a-side event. The Argentine team qualified as they came 7th in 2011 CPISRA Football 7-a-side World Championships held in Netherlands. The Iranian, Ukrainian and Brazilian teams (second, third and fourth place respectively) had already qualified for the 2012 Summer Paralympics games, allowing the Argentine team to win a spot at the Paralympics.
Judo.
Three Argentine judokas competed at 2012 Summer Paralympics.
Rowing.
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); R=Repechage
Sailing.
Argentina qualified a boat for the 2.4MR class competition.
Swimming.
Argentina received 8 slots to compete at the various events at the London Aquatics Centre in London. The eight Argentine swimmers competed in various events. 
Wheelchair fencing.
Note: Ranks from qualification pools were given as an overall ranking against all other competitors.

</doc>
<doc id="36706541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706541" title="Everybody Dance Now (season 1)">
Everybody Dance Now (season 1)

Everybody Dance Now was an Australian television dance competition that aired on Network Ten. The first season premiered on 12 August 2012. The show was hosted by Sarah Murdoch, while Jason Derülo and Kelly Rowland served as dance masters. On 21 August 2012, Network Ten cancelled "Everybody Dance Now" due to poor ratings.
Format.
"Everybody Dance Now" was open to solo acts, duos and groups of any age, style or size. They were divided into two teams, with each being led by the dance masters Jason Derülo and Kelly Rowland, who challenged, trained and mentored their acts. Each team had a dance captain; Team Kelly had Marco Pantic and Team Jason had Amy Campbell. The teams would face a studio audience in each episode "to do battle in a colosseum-style dance duel". During the heats stage of the competition, eight acts would perform during each episode in four duels. Once each of the duels are complete, the studio audience would vote for the act they think should progress through to the dance duel decider round. During this round, the studio audience would vote again for the two acts they think should win $10,000 and progress through to the finals. During the finals, dance acts would compete for the ultimate prize of $250,000.
Heats.
Episode 1 (12 August 2012).
Notes
Ratings.
The premiere episode of "Everybody Dance Now", which aired simultaneously during the Nine Network's coverage of the 2012 Summer Olympics, was watched by 598,000 viewers. The second episode was watched by 304,000 viewers, lower than "How to Train Your Dragon" which aired on the Seven Network's digital channel 7mate. David Knox of TV Tonight noted that the ratings were also lower than the numbers pulled by "The Voice" (U.S.) and "Excess Baggage" on the Nine Network's digital channel Go!. On 14 August 2012, Network Ten's Chief Sales Officer Barry O'Brien told advertising publication B&T that he was disappointed with the show's ratings, saying "we think the format deserved better. Clearly we are coming out of the washout and the distraction of the Olympics." O'Brien also said that the future of "Everybody Dance Now" "hasn't been decided yet". The third episode ratings picked up slightly from the previous episode with 324,000 viewers. The fourth episode was watched by 385,000 viewers.

</doc>
<doc id="36706550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706550" title="Lars Olsson">
Lars Olsson

Lars Olsson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36706554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706554" title="Synchronised swimming at the 1994 Commonwealth Games">
Synchronised swimming at the 1994 Commonwealth Games

The synchronised swimming competition at the 1994 Commonwealth Games in Victoria, British Columbia counted a total number of two medal events. 

</doc>
<doc id="36706572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706572" title="Fortune (Plymouth Colony ship)">
Fortune (Plymouth Colony ship)

Also see sister article: Passengers of 1621 Fortune voyage
In the fall of 1621 the Fortune was the second English ship destined for Plymouth Colony in the New World, one year after the voyage of the Pilgrim ship "Mayflower". Financed as the "Mayflower" was by Thomas Weston and others of the London-based Merchant Adventurers, "Fortune" was to transport thirty-five "settlers" to the colony on a ship that was much smaller than "Mayflower". The "Fortune" required two months to prepare for the voyage and once underway, reached Cape Cod on November 9, 1621 and the colony itself in late November. The ship was unexpected by those in Plymouth colony and although it bought useful settlers, many of whom were young men, it brought no supplies, further straining the limited food resources of the colony. The ship only stayed in the colony about three weeks, returning to England in December loaded with valuable furs and other goods. But when nearing England, instead of heading to the English Channel, a navigation error caused the ship to sail south-east to the coast of France, where it was overtaken and seized by a French warship. The "Fortune" finally arrived back in London in February 1621, over two months since leaving Plymouth, but without its valuable cargo. In the end, Weston lost his total investment in the "Fortune" voyage making it worthwhile only in providing Plymouth colony with new settlers, some of whom became notable persons in the history of the colony.
Preparing for the voyage.
At 55 tons displacement, and about 1/3 the tonnage of the "Mayflower", the "Fortune" was tasked with delivering thirty-five new settlers to Plymouth Colony. Their leader was Robert Cushman who, in 1620, had been the Leiden agent in London for the "Mayflower" and "Speedwell". It is believed that the majority of the passengers of the "Fortune" were gathered together in London by Thomas Weston and his partner. And although William Bradford stated that there were thirty-five persons on board "Fortune", the names of only twenty-eight persons are noted as receiving lots credited to those arriving as noted in the 1623 Division of Land. Eighteen persons are known to have been unmarried, eight married, but emigrating without their families, and as far as can be determined, Mrs. Martha Ford may have been the only woman on the ship. Although it is possible some of the missing seven persons in the passenger count were wives, Bradford does not leave that impression in his account.
Per author Charles Banks, individual records show that sixteen of the passengers can definitely be assigned to London or districts of the city such as Stepney and Southwark. Another three passengers were from Leiden in Holland. Ten more passengers, whose origins cannot be determined, either died early or left the colony as determined by who was listed in the 1627 Division of Cattle, which also doubled as a type of census.
"Fortune" arrival in the New World.
Although the "Fortune" arrived in the Cape Cod area on November 9, 1621, the ship strangely remained at the tip of the Cape for some time which caused the natives to be alarmed, thinking it might be a hostile French vessel. Upon hearing reports of this strange vessel, Governor Bradford had Myles Standish arm his militia and load the cannon on Burial Hill in case of an attack by the French. It took the ship several weeks to find Plymouth and when the Fortune at last finally entered Plymouth Bay, she was seen to be a friendly English ship and the settlers were delighted and much relieved. But during the transit from Cape Cod to Plymouth the passengers were shocked by the barren and bleak shoreline, much as the Mayflower passengers had been. The Fortune passengers found it hard to believe that anything could exist in such a forbidding land. Per Bradford, “..and ther saw nothing but a naked and barren place..” And when they saw the depressing conditions within the colony being experienced by the settlers, they became quite panicked. The passengers were so disheartened and had such misgivings about this place they even advised the ship’s master they wanted to reembark and leave if the colony did not meet their expectations, but were talked out of such action by the master and ship’s crew although they were promised that if need be, they would be taken down the coast to Virginia.
The primary reason for problems at their arrival was the unexpected nature of it and severe lack of food. As Bradford recorded, “..So they were landed; but there was not as much as biscuit-cake or any other victialls for them neither had they any beding, but some sorry things they had in their cabins, nor pot, nor pan, to dress meate in; nor over many cloathes,…” The colony government was not pleased that Weston had unexpectedly sent over new settlers, and without provisions or other goods to support them. But the labor that had come on the Fortune was welcome, being many young men. Per Bradford, the arrivals were “lusty young men, and many of them wild enough.”
"Fortune" passengers.
Contrary to conditions on the Mayflower one year earlier, everyone on the Fortune seemed to be in good health upon arrival. One birth was recorded soon after arrival – Martha Ford gave birth to a son, although her unnamed husband may have died about that time as well as the son. On the ship were a large number of non-religious passengers having been given the sobriquet of “Strangers,” many of them single men who would greatly out-number the single, marriageable females in the colony. With arrival of the Fortune the colony had a total of sixty-six men and just sixteen women. This situation regarding the shortage of women may have come about partly as a result of the many deaths of Mayflower women and girls, confined as they were, working in fetid, unhealthy conditions about that ship in the winter of 1620/1621. For every eligible female, there were six eligible men. 
Another problem that concerned the Fortune arrivals was that there no accommodations for them in the little colony. Bradford was forced to divide the Fortune passengers among the preexisting seven houses and four public buildings, some of which were converted into virtual male dormitories for the many young men. 
The problem that most concerned the colony was the continuing shortage of food made more severe by the arrival of the Fortune. Weston had not provided any provisions for the settlement on board the Fortune. And instead of making the colony situation stronger, the arrival of thirty-seven more persons to feed with the second severe winter for the colony coming on had put things in what would be a disastrous situation. Bradford calculated that even if their daily rations were reduced to half, their store of corn would only last for six more months. And after having worked tirelessly this year and experiencing extreme hardships since their arrival one year earlier, they now would face another hard winter with a shortage of provisions. Bradford wrote, “They were presently put to half allowance, one as well as an other, which begane to be hard, but they bore it patiently, under hope of (future) supply.”
Robert Cushman and the Merchant Adventurers.
One of the leading passengers on board the "Fortune" was Robert Cushman, accompanied by his son Thomas. Thomas in later life would become the church Elder for the Colony. Robert Cushman had been the London agent for Leiden and in 1620 was involved in "Mayflower" and "Speedwell" voyage preparations. In 1620 Cushman had negotiated a "Mayflower" (financial support) contract with the Merchant Adventurers that Bradford and others of the Leiden contingent refused to approve at Southampton with the Leideners saying the contract was all in the Adventurers favor and to the settlers detriment. Cushman’s purpose of coming to Plymouth was to convince the Plymouth settlers to finally approve this agreement that had been unsigned for over a year. 
Governor Bradford knew that, so far, the Adventurers had nothing to show for their investment, and after assurance from Cushman that Weston could be counted on to be trusted, Bradford and the others signed the agreement that Cushman had brought from the Merchant Adventurers.
Loading for the return trip to England.
To prove to the Adventurers that they were serious about repaying the debt owed to Weston, the colony spent two weeks in December 1621 loading the Fortune with hogsheads of beaver skins, otter skins, sassafras, and clapboards made from split oak to be used in the making of barrel staves. The value of the cargo was about 400-500 pounds, which would come close to reducing the colony’s debt to the Adventurers by half. 
Fortune return voyage to England.
The Fortune stayed in Plymouth for just about two weeks, and on December 13, 1621, she got underway for her return voyage to London. On board was Robert Cushman who had left his fourteen-year-old son Thomas in the care of Governor Bradford. Cushman carried, in addition to Bradford’s letter to Weston, a manuscript that would be become a valuable historic manuscript recording the Pilgrims first thirteen months in America known today a Mourt’s Relation. Believed written by Bradford and Edward Winslow, it recounts the First Thanksgiving and the abundance of the New World.
Fortune was not with the ship of that name on the return to England. Apparently due to a major navigation error, navigation being imperfect in those days, the ship sailed hundreds of miles off course from England, south-east into France’s Bay of Biscay off the coast of Vendee, north of La Rochelle. About five weeks into her voyage on January 19, 1622 and not far from the fortified Ile d’Yeu, a French warship overtook the Fortune which was off-course about 350 sea miles southeast of where they should be – England’s Land’s End and the English Channel. It seems the Fortune made a common mistake – her master mistook the long peninsula of Brittany in western France for the Lizard Peninsula on the southwestern end of England and then she strayed off down the French Atlantic coast to be taken by a French warship. And although the Fortune was not considered an enemy ship, France at this time was undergoing Huguenot rebel activities and any English vessel coming close to their shore was suspected of aiding the rebels and liable for search and seizure. The French warship stopped and boarded Fortune and she was seized. And although it was soon learned that Fortune was not carrying contraband, the French governor seized her guns, cargo and rigging. The governor locked the ship’s master in a dungeon and kept Cushman and the crew on board under guard. He also confiscated the manuscriptof Mort’s Relation. After thirteen days they were freed, with the manuscript in Cushman’s possession but without its cargo of valuable beaver skins. The Fortune finally arrived back into the Thames on February 17, 1622.
The loss of Fortune’s valuable cargo dealt a severe financial loss to the Merchant Adventrurers who by this time had little hope of recouping their investment in either ship. Due to this, the Merchant Adventurers were reorganized in 1626 in conjunction with Plymouth Colony leaders, in an effort to restructure financial agreements and for Plymouth Colony to eventually pay its creditors.
Other ships visit Plymouth 1622-1624.
And although English ships bringing new colony settlers did not come out until the "Anne" and "Little James" arrived in the summer of 1623, Plymouth Colony was not entirely isolated. English fishing boats and some ships financed by colonization ventures did call at the colony from time to time. Edward Winslow recorded that in June or July 1622 two ships, the Charitie and Swan, financed by Thomas Weston, came into Plymouth Harbor. The ships carried about fifty or sixty colonists scheduled to settle in areas outside Plymouth. About this time the Sparrow and a shallop were also involved in colonization efforts. And the ship Discovery, in a 1622 voyage from Virginia to England, made a short visit at Plymouth with a letter by passenger John Pory, an official of Jamestown, written in praise of the colony. In October 1622 the ship Paragon, with sixty-seven passengers, came out by “private men’s purses” but had to return to England two weeks later, leaking from storm damage. The Paragon made another attempt to reach Plymouth in February 1623 but apparently was driven back by North Atlantic weather and never did reach Plymouth. As the years went by, more English fishing boats came out to the New England coast. In 1624 Capt. John Smith reported, “There hath been a fishing this yeere upon the Coast about 50 English ships…” 

</doc>
<doc id="36706578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706578" title="Michael Tommy">
Michael Tommy

Michael Tommy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36706582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706582" title="Montalbán (surname)">
Montalbán (surname)

Montalbán or Montalban is a surname of Hispanic origin. Persons bearing the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="36706586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706586" title="No Love Deep Web">
No Love Deep Web

No Love Deep Web is the second studio album by American experimental hip hop group Death Grips, self-released online as a free download on October 1, 2012. Recorded from May to August 2012, the album exhibited what the band described as a darker and more minimal style. The album was leaked by the band due to complications over its release date with their label, Epic, who subsequently dropped them. The record was later made available for purchase via the band's own Thirdworlds imprint and Harvest Records.
The album's release was met with strong attention from online media groups, largely due to its sexually explicit album cover, which features a picture of group member Zach Hill's erect penis, with the album title written on it. The release received generally favorable reviews from critics, who praised its complexity and stripped down sound.
Production.
Background and recording.
The album was first announced in early 2012 along with the release of two tracks from their debut album "The Money Store", and was originally titled "No Love". A sticker was included in the physical release of "The Money Store" that reads "No Love. Fall 2012." on the reverse side. On April 4, 2012, Death Grips announced dates for an international supporting tour for the "The Money Store", later adding more to the list. However, shortly after the release of "The Money Store", the group cancelled the entire tour so that they could finish the recording of "No Love".
Recording of the album took place from May to August 31, 2012 at MC Ride and Zach Hill's apartment in Sacramento, California. On August 12, 2012, Death Grips announced through Pitchfork that the title of the album had been changed to "No Love Deep Web" and that they had recorded 20 tracks for the album and were narrowing it down to 13 tracks.
Style.
In an interview with "Exclaim!" the group said that: ""No Love" a sort of a culmination of our two previous releases. We think it'll end up being the heaviest thing we've made so far on many levels. It's striking us as the closest we've gotten to what our initial vision of what Death Grips would sound like. We have the feeling and it's pretty absolute that this album will contain our most future-forward and potent material...It's emotionally raw and direct; the sound is indescribable, it's very beat oriented. It has some of the guitar-driven elements that we touched on with "Exmilitary" but they aren't exactly being generated by a guitar."
In August 2012 the band told Pitchfork: "there are no manually programmed drums on this album, the beats are being played live on a Roland electronic v-drum set or acoustic drum set by Zach. There are no features, guest collabs or outside producers. The material is cold, bass heavy, minimal, rock & roll influenced and could simultaneously fit into a rave or dance club context. It is essentially rap and electronic music while at times extremely aggressive."
Release.
Promotion.
To promote "No Love Deep Web" the group created an alternate reality game (ARG) which ran from August 12–16, 2012, beginning minutes after their release of a statement about the album through Pitchfork Media. Using the internet as its medium, it mainly employed encrypted archive files hosted on the Tor Network with the filetype .gpg. The game was played by members of 4chan's music imageboard, which hosted threads to discuss the progress and new findings of the game. The game employed many types of encryption through image, text and sound files, including Braille, QR code, Base64, the Caesar cipher, Binary code, Morse code and the Affine cipher, and used websites such as Imgur and various TOR related sites. The game yielded the first mention of the original release date of "No Love Deep Web", October 23, 2012, and an unmastered version of "The Money Store" for download on the first day. On the fifth day an instrumental version of "The Money Store" was discovered by users of 4chan on a .onion domain and uploaded for regular download.
Throughout August the group announced plans for live shows, including a gig at Electric Ballroom, London, and participation in festivals such as the Pitchfork Music Fest Paris and the Big Day Out.
On November 19, 2013, "No Love Deep Web" was released on vinyl and CD through Harvest Records, as well as being made available on Spotify.
Leak.
On September 30, 2012, Death Grips announced through their Facebook and Twitter accounts that their record label refused to release the album until "next year sometime" instead of the intended date of October 23, 2012. They then released the track listing and told fans to stay tuned for midnight on October 1. On the next day the band self-released the album through a website posted via Twitter as well as SoundCloud, and various filesharing services including BitTorrent. Later that day, it was revealed that Death Grips topped BitTorrent's "List of Most Legally Downloaded Music" following the release of "No Love Deep Web", with 34,151,432 downloads.
Upon its release, "No Love Deep Web" was met with a swarm of media attention. Several hours after its release, the group's official website was shut down. In an interview, Zach Hill claimed that their record label, Epic, shut it down, however, Epic denied any involvement. The website reappeared shortly after. On October 31, 2012, Death Grips posted confidential emails they received from Epic concerning their copyright infringement on Facebook. The emails, dated October 1, 2012, revealed that Epic plans to receive the original album masters from the group and release the album in stores. Following the leak of the letters, Epic announced that they are working to end their relationship with Death Grips.
Artwork and controversy.
The album was also met with controversy related to its album cover. The album cover depicts the image of an erect penis with the album title written across it. The picture was taken in a bathroom at the Chateau Marmont in Los Angeles, which is where the band stayed for the 2 months leading up to the leak.
In an interview with "Spin Magazine", Burnett responded to the interest by saying, "If you look at that and all you see is a dick, I don't really have anything to say, pretty much. I looked at it and said, 'This is a great photo, and I'd love for this to be the album cover.'" Hill further explained, "It was difficult to do, honestly, in general, it was very difficult. It's difficult even telling people that's the source of it; it feels sacrificial in a sense. That idea existed long before, by the way. This is going to sound funny to other people, but we saw it as tribal, as spiritual, as primal. Also, it comes from a place of being a band that is perceived as...such an aggressive, male-based, by some, misogynistic-seeming band... It's a display of embracing homosexuality, not that either of us are homosexual. Am I making sense? People are still going to think that it's macho, but that's not the source of where it comes from." In a separate interview with Pitchfork, Hill expounded, "It's also a spiritual thing; it's fearlessness...it represents pushing past everything that makes people slaves without even knowing it."
Due to the explicit album artwork, Death Grips were forced to place a disclaimer on their website warning of the explicit content. The statement from the group said "U.S law states you must be 18 years of age to view graphic sexual material. We consider this art." A censored version, replacing the penis with a black bar, was released through their YouTube and Soundcloud channels. Several days after the album's initial release, the group released alternate artwork containing the image of a man wearing socks with the words ""SUCK MY DICK"" printed on them.
The 2013 Harvest release features the original artwork packaged in a black slipcase with a disclaimer stating that the artwork is explicit.
Reception.
"No Love Deep Web" was met with positive reviews. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 76, which indicates "generally favorable", based on 13 reviews. Grayson Currin, of Pitchfork, gave the album a positive review, stating "loud and punishing, the sonics of "No Love Deep Web" suit MC Ride's mix of hysteria, rage and exhaustion." John Doran, of BBC Music, also commended the album; while saying that "the record is certainly denser and more difficult to find an entry point into than either of its predecessors," Doran stated "after several listens a handful of stone-cold, diamond-hard gems present themselves from a scree of electronic beats and stentorian rapping/shouting." He also compared the band's sound to that of Autechre.
In a mixed review of the album, Evan Rytlewski of The A.V. Club said "Even at a meaty 46 minutes, the album still suffers from a feeling of writer’s block."

</doc>
<doc id="36706595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706595" title="Mike Lafferty">
Mike Lafferty

Mike Lafferty may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36706600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706600" title="Eileen Beasley">
Eileen Beasley

Eileen Beasley (1921 – 12 August 2012) was a Welsh teacher who, along with her husband Trefor, conducted a campaign of civil disobedience in the 1950s against the Rural District Council of Llanelly in a demand for council rate bills in the Welsh language. Her stand has led Welsh language campaigners to describe her as the "mother of direct action" and her protest helped to lead to the creation of Cymdeithas yr Iaith Gymraeg.
Early life.
Catherine Eileen James was born in 1921. She attended University College Cardiff and became a teacher. She met Trefor Beasley at Plaid Cymru gatherings and they were married on 31 July 1951. The couple moved to Llangennech near Llanelli in 1952.
Welsh language campaign.
Eileen and her husband Trefor became leading campaigners in the right to use Welsh in the 1950s. They refused to pay their tax bills until they were written in Welsh, as at the time they were written only in English. In the 1950s the Welsh language had no official status in Wales: no forms by public bodies were issued in the Welsh language and few bilingual road signs. This refusal led to the couple being taken to court 16 times over the course of 8 years, along with many personal belongings being taken by bailiffs. After numerous court appearances the couple won their battle in 1960, at which point Llanelli district council agreed to print tax bills bilingually in Welsh and English Both Eileen and Trefor were elected as local councillors in 1955 for Plaid Cymru on Llanelli district council. Eileen Beasley is known as the "mother of direct action" in Wales and the "Rosa Parks of Wales".
Creation of Cymdeithas yr Iaith Gymraeg.
In 1962 Saunders Lewis a prominent Welsh nationalist and a founder of Plaid Cymru, gave a radio speech entitled Tynged yr iaith (The Fate of the Language) in which he predicted the extinction of the Welsh language unless action was taken. This speech led to the creation of Cymdeithas yr Iaith Gymraeg (the Welsh Language Society). During this speech he directly praised the actions of Trefor and Eileen Beasley for their campaign for Welsh language tax bills.
Lewis took the Beasley case as a model for future action, but significantly added "this cannot be done reasonably except in those districts where Welsh-speakers are a substantial proportion of the population". He proposed to make it impossible for the business of local and central government to continue without using Welsh". "It is a policy for a movement", he said, "in the areas where Welsh is a spoken language in daily use" it would be "nothing less than a revolution".
Death.
Eileen Beasley died on 12 August 2012 of pancreatic cancer. Language campaigners have said that Eileen and Trefor's courage inspired a generation to take up the fight and led to crucial milestones in the protection of the Welsh language, such as the creation of S4C and bilingual road signs.

</doc>
<doc id="36706616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706616" title="Amxmodx">
Amxmodx

Amxmodx is a plugin for video games. It allows the players to make a server with better plugins, Amxmodx can be used in Half-Life 1, Half-Life 2, Counter Strike 1.6, Day of Defeat, and , though it is mostly used on Counter Strike 1.6. Amxmodx also allows players to use other plugins that were made by other players.
Plugins.
Amxmodx plugins also allow users to make someone an "Admin".

</doc>
<doc id="36706623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706623" title="Paul O'Connor">
Paul O'Connor

Paul O'Connor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36706633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706633" title="List of Big Brother 2 HouseGuests (U.S.)">
List of Big Brother 2 HouseGuests (U.S.)

The second edition of the American Reality TV series "Big Brother" featured 12 new HouseGuests entering the game competing for the $500,000 prize.
Autumn.
Autumn Nicole Daly was a 28 year old mother and aspiring singer from Irving, Texas. While in the house, Autumn had a close friendship with Hardy and Bunky, with Autumn being the first to learn that Bunky was openly gay. Autumn often made references to wanting to "hook up" with numerous guys in the house, mainly Hardy. Being seen as a weak player, Autumn quickly became the target of numerous personal attacks from the "Chilltown" alliance, having numerous verbal confrontations with Shannon and Mike. Autumn was nominated for eviction on Day 14, alongside Kent. She was ultimately evicted on Day 19 in a seven to zero vote. She came in tenth place, and voted for Nicole to win.
Bunky.
Bill "Bunky" Miller was a 36 year old technical writer from Harrisburg, North Carolina. Bunky was the first openly gay HouseGuest to compete on the series. Bunky was known for frequently crying in the house, which became a joke amongst fans of the series. Miller has jokingly stated that he didn't cry a lot, but was only shown as crying a lot. He had close friendships with Monica and Nicole while in the house, though he and Kent were often seen as best friends in the house. Bunky was a part of the "TOP" alliance that was formed to go against Chilltown, though he would attempt to vote with the majority of the house, regardless of who was nominated. Bunky managed to make it to the Final Five without being nominated, until he was nominated by Hardy on Day 56. He was evicted on Day 61, after Hardy cast the tie-breaker vote to evict him. He came in fifth place. Bunky voted for Nicole to win the prize, but Will chose to nullify Bunky's vote at the finale. Following his appearance on the season, Bunky was a candidate for "Big Brother: All Stars" in 2006, but ultimately was not chosen to compete during the season.
Bunky appeared on Housecalls, the Big Brother talk show, to host the online show for seasons 9 and 10. Bunky also appeared in an episode of "Big Brother 10", along with nine other former HouseGuests, for a food competition.
Hardy.
Hardy Ames-Hill was a 31 year old Bouncer from York, Pennsylvania. While in the house, Hardy had a close friendship with Nicole, with the two attempting to make it to the Final Two together. Hardy frequently argued with members of the Chilltown alliance, with Chilltown member Shannon infamously using Hardy's toothbrush to scrub the toilet. He won the most Head of Household competitions in the season, winning the third, fifth, and seventh HoH competitions. Hardy held the record for the most consecutive Head of Household wins, along with "Big Brother 5" winner Drew Daniel and "Big Brother 12" winner Hayden Moss, each winning three consecutive Head of Household competitions. This feat was later beaten in 2012, when "Big Brother 14" winner Ian Terry won four consecutive HoH competitions. Hardy avoided nominations until the Final Four, where he was nominated alongside Nicole. On Day 68, Will cast the sole vote to evict Hardy. He came in fourth place, and voted for Nicole to win.
Hardy appeared in an episode of "Big Brother: All Stars", along with nine other former HouseGuests, for a Power of Veto competition.
Justin.
Justin Sebik was a 26 year old bartender from Bayonne, New Jersey. Justin was known for his temper and violent threats. Hardy once referred to Justin as "a dangerous third grader". While in the house, Justin was friends with Kent until he threatened to fight him over a pillow he stole from Kent. On Day 10, Justin was expelled from the house after numerous rule violations, most notably when he held a knife against fellow HouseGuest Krista's throat. The two of them were intoxicated at the time, and Justin was immediately called into the Diary Room and didn't return. During an interview with host Julie Chen, Justin revealed he didn't feel he should have been removed from the game.
Kent.
Kent Blackwelder was a 46 year old business owner from Powell, Tennessee. While in the house, Kent was known to annoy his fellow HouseGuest with his voice and snoring. He chose to quit smoking during his stay in the house, and began using nicotine patches provided for him by production. He had a close friendship with HouseGuest Bunky, and was one of the main supporters of the "TOP" alliance, formed to go against the Chilltown alliance. Kent was nominated for eviction on Day 14 alongside Autumn, though he later survived the eviction in a unanimous vote. He went on to win the fourth Head of Household competition and nominate Mike and Krista for eviction, leading to several arguments between Mike and Kent. The week after winning Head of Household, Kent was nominated for a second time, this time with Will. Kent was ultimately evicted on Day 40 in a unanimous vote. He came in seventh place, and voted for Will to win.
Krista.
Krista Stegall was a 28 year old divorced mother and waitress from Opelousas, Louisiana. While in the house, Krista had a romantic relationship with HouseGuest Mike, and had a close friendship with Monica. Though she didn't openly choose a side, Krista was more often seen with the Chilltown alliance, due to her romantic ties with alliance member Mike. On Day 10, HouseGuest Justin held a knife to an intoxicated Krista's throat and threatened to kill her, though the two were making out at the time and continued to make out afterwards. Krista would later sue CBS over the incident. She won the second Head of Household competition of the season, and successfully evicted Autumn from the game. Because of her decision to not nominate members of the Chilltown alliance, some people turned against her. She was nominated by Kent in the fourth week, along with Mike. She survived the eviction in a four to one vote, but her romantic partner was evicted. She was nominated for a second time in the sixth week, this time with her good friend Monica. On Day 47, Krista was evicted in a three to zero vote. She came in sixth place, and voted for Will to win. During the show's finale, Mike proposed to Krista, and she said yes. The two split up a few months later.
Mike.
Mike "Boogie" Malin was a 30 year old bar owner from Los Angeles, California. While in the house, Mike was a member of the Chilltown alliance with Shannon and Will. He was also involved in a romantic relationship with HouseGuest Krista, whom he would later propose to during the show's finale. He was involved in numerous arguments with other HouseGuests, mainly Autumn and Kent. He was the first Head of Household of the season, nominating Sheryl and Nicole for eviction. He was nominated for eviction in the fourth week alongside Krista, and was ultimately evicted on Day 33 in a four to one vote. He came in eighth place, and voted for Will to win.
After leaving the house, Mike and eventual winner Will Kirby became good friends, and began working in business together. The duo would later return to compete in Big Brother: All Stars in 2006, alongside twelve other previous HouseGuests. Mike was the eventual winner of the season in a six to one jury vote. He later appeared in an episode of "Big Brother 10", along with nine other former HouseGuests, for a food competition. He would appear again in an episode of "Big Brother 11", along with three other former HouseGuests. The four talked about the events of that season thus far and shared their opinions. In 2012, Mike returned for a third time as a "coach" for 12 new HouseGuests in "Big Brother 14". Mike, along with the three other coaches, later entered the game as official HouseGuests. He ultimately came in 10th place.
Monica.
Monica Bailey was a 40 year old candy store manager and adult literacy teacher from Brooklyn, New York. While in the house, Monica had a close friendship with Bunky and Krista. During the show, Monica's cousin, Tamitha, was killed in the September 11th attacks. Monica, along with Will and Nicole, were informed of this in the Diary Room. Her friendship with Krista led to Monica being nominated alongside Krista in the sixth week, though Monica survived the eviction. She won the eighth Head of Household competition of the season, nominated Nicole and Hardy for eviction. The following week, Nicole won the final Head of Household competition and chose to evict Monica. She came in third place, and voted for Will to win. Following her appearance on the season, Monica was a candidate for "Big Brother: All Stars" in 2006, but ultimately was not chosen to compete during the season.
Nicole.
Nicole Nilson Schaffrich was a 31 year old personal chef from Atlanta, Georgia. She had a close friendship with Hardy while in the house, and got along well with the members of Chilltown. During the first week, Nicole's loud and bossy personality annoyed several HouseGuests, leading to her nomination the first week. She went on to survive the eviction in a five to three vote, and quickly became an influential player. She won the sixth Head of Household competition of the season, and successfully saw to Krista's eviction. She was nominated in the eighth week, but Will chose to save her as the sole vote that week. Nicole went on to win the Final Head of Household competition and chose to take Will to the Final Two, believing she could beat him in the end. On Day 82, she became the Runner-Up of "Big Brother 2" in a five to two jury vote.
Nicole appeared in 2 episodes of "Big Brother: All Stars". First to host a food competition. Second to host a Power of Veto competition.
Shannon.
Shannon Dragoo was a 29 year old realtor from San Antonio, Texas. Shannon was a member of the Chilltown alliance, and had a romantic relationship with HouseGuest Will. Shannon had numerous confrontations with several HouseGuests, and was known for mean-spirited pranks such as putting a bag of potato chips on Autumn's bed, implying she was fat. She was nominated for eviction on Day 21, alongside ally and romantic partner Will. Following her nomination, Shannon infamously took Head of Household Hardy's toothbrush and used it to scrub the toilet. Big Brother called her into the Diary Room and later made her dispose of the toothbrush before Hardy could use it. The incident was seen as one of the most controversial and iconic moments in the series. She was evicted on Day 26 in a six to zero vote. She came in ninth place, and voted for Will to win.
Sheryl.
Sheryl Braxton was a 43 year old divorced mother and interior decorator from Ponte Vedra Beach, FL. Sheryl auditioned for the show as a dare from her children. She was the first HouseGuest evicted by a vote of five to three on Day 12, although Head of Household Mike nominated her thinking she would stay. Following her eviction, Sheryl was diagnosed with cancer, and this was later revealed on the season finale. During a "Where Are They Now?" segment in "Big Brother 3", Sheryl revealed she was cancer free.
Will.
William Terence Kirby was a 28 year old physician from Miami, Florida. Known as both "Dr. Will" and "The Evil Doctor", he used the strategy of being the most hated in the house to make it to the end. He had a romantic relationship with HouseGuest Shannon in the house, and had a close friendship and alliance with Mike "Boogie" Malin, called "Chilltown". Will was a target for eviction several times in the game, being nominated a total of four times. Despite numerous nominations, Will only received one vote against him. He informed everyone in the house that he had planned on lying to him, and performed various task, such as scheduling a 24 hour fast, to test how well he could control the others in the group. Will was also the first to use the strategy of intentionally losing competitions in order to advance farther in the game. He was crowned the winner of the series on Day 82 in a five to two jury vote. 
Following his departure from the show, Will and Shannon dated outside of the house for numerous months, though they eventually broke up. He became good friends with alliance member Mike, and the two opened several businesses together. Both Will and Mike would return to the series for "Big Brother: All Stars" in 2006, where Will came in fourth place. Will has also made an appearance in "Big Brother 14", during a segment in which he talked about the coaches' gameplay and predicted a winner for that season (Ian) who eventually won the game. Will is often regarded as the best player to ever play the game by fans of the series, and has in turn become a fan favorite. The show's host, Julie Chen, has also stated that she believes Will is the best player.

</doc>
<doc id="36706654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706654" title="Raimo Manninen">
Raimo Manninen

Raimo Manninen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36706658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706658" title="2012 Swiss Cup Basel">
2012 Swiss Cup Basel

The 2012 Swiss Cup Basel was held from October 4 to 7 at the Curlingzentrum Region Basel in Arlesheim, Switzerland as part of the 2012–13 World Curling Tour. The event was held in a triple-knockout format, and the purse for the event was CHF40,000, of which the winner, Oskar Eriksson, received CHF13,000. Eriksson defeated Sven Michel in the final with a score of 5–4.
Teams.
The teams are listed as follows:
Knockout Results.
The draw is listed as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36706680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706680" title="William D. Bishop Cottage Development Historic District">
William D. Bishop Cottage Development Historic District

The William D. Bishop Cottage Development Historic District is a historic district in Bridgeport, Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
It has work dating from 1840; it has works designed by Palliser & Palliser and by Gould Bros.; it includes Gothic, Queen Anne, Italianate, Greek Revival, and other architecture. It has also been known as Cottage Park Historic District. The listing included 47 contributing buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="36706687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706687" title="Suite of Old American Dances">
Suite of Old American Dances

Suite of Old American Dances is a 1949 concert band work by Robert Russell Bennett. Chappell Music published the condensed score and parts in 1952. This score gives the overall duration of its five movements (I. Cake Walk, II. Schottische, III. Western One-Step, IV. Wallflower Waltz, V. Rag) as 16:30. Hal Leonard Corp. published a full-score edition, prepared by Edward Higgins, c. 1999. The numerous commercial and archival recordings of the piece since the 1950s provide a measure of its popularity.
Instrumentation.
The 1952 Chappell score lists the following as the work's instrumentation: piccolo, 1st-2nd flutes, 1st-2nd oboes (2nd doubl. English horn), 1st-2nd bassoons, Eb clarinet, Solo-1st-2nd-3rd Bb clarinets, alto clarinet, bass clarinet, AATB saxophones, Solo-1st-2nd-3rd Bb cornets, 1st-2nd trumpet, 1st-2nd-3rd-4th horns, 1st-2nd-3rd trombones, baritone/euphonium (treble and bass clef parts), tuba ("Basses"), string bass, timpani, and percussion (snare drum, bass drum, cymbals, triangle, bells, vibraphone, xylophone, wood blocks, sandpaper ).
Creation, première, original title.
According to the composer, the catalyst for the work’s creation was a rare indoor concert by the Goldman Band in Carnegie Hall:
When Edwin Franko Goldman arrived at his seventieth birthday it was celebrated by a concert sponsored by the League of Composers. For the concert they engaged the Goldman Band of New York and asked Dr. Goldman to conduct his own band in honor of his own anniversary. wife Louise and I went to that January 1948 concert and I suddenly thought of all the beautiful sounds the American concert band could make that it hadn’t yet made. That doesn’t mean that the unmade sounds passed in review in my mind at all, but the sounds they made were so new to me after all my years with orchestra, dance bands and tiny “combos” that my pen was practically jumping out of my pocket begging me to give this great big instrument some more music to play.
To satisfy this urging I found time to put a good-sized piece on paper. There was really no such thing as spare time for me at that time, but somehow I got a part done here and a part done there and one day there was this piece to show Dr. Edwin Franko Goldman to see if he was interested in adding one more idiom to his great collection.
Dr. Goldman and his son Richard, also a doctor, became very warm friends indeed and gave the new piece a great send-off. It was published with the name Suite of Old American Dances. I had a nice name for it, but you know how publishers are—they know their customers, and we authors never seem to. My name for it was Electric Park. Electric Park in Kansas City was a place of magic to us kids. The tricks with big electric signs, the illuminated fountains, the big band concerts, the scenic railway and the big dance hall—all magic. In the dance hall all afternoon and evening you could hear the pieces the crowds danced to, and the five movements of my piece were samples of the dances of the day.”
The Goldman Band premiered the suite—with the composer conducting—in Central Park, New York, on 17 June 1949, and gave it several additional performances that summer.
Bennett's 1949 program note.
The composer supplied a brief program note for the 1949 Goldman première:
"As far as notes for the program are concerned, there's no particular purpose in mind in the composition of the Suite except to do a modern, and, I hope, entertaining version of some of the dance moods of my early youth. Another equally important purpose was to do a number without any production tie-up such as World's Fairs and municipal pageants, for symphonic band, and particularly for your band Goldman Band.”
Among the "productions" Bennett refers to is the 1939 New York World's Fair for which he composed some 90 minutes of concert band music for the nightly "Lagoon of Nations" spectacles.
Orchestral version.
Soon after the work’s premiere—and before publication of the concert band original—Bennett prepared an orchestra transcription (copyrighted 16 June 1950). He guest-conducted a Cleveland Orchestra performance on 2 August 1958.
Early performances.
The concert band original was copyrighted on 17 June 1952 (technically as an “arrangement” of the already-copyrighted orchestra setting) and published later that year. Pre-publication performances include one by the Ohio State University Concert Band (Manley Whitcomb, cond.), 1 April 1951.
In spring 1953, ASCAP and NBC jointly sponsored a series of 13 weekly broadcasts from the Eastman School, devoted entirely to American composers. Two of the concerts were allotted to Frederick Fennell's Eastman Wind Ensemble, and the 23 March broadcast brought two of the suite's movements to a national audience.
Other early performances include a 27 February 1953 presentation at Cleveland's Severance Hall by the Baldwin-Wallace Concert Band and its inclusion on the U.S. Marine Band's fall 1953 tour, in and around New York State.
Frederick Fennell and the "Suite of Old American Dances".
Frederick Fennell and his Eastman Wind Ensemble made the first commercial recording of the work (Mercury MG 50079, 1953). In consultation with Bennett, Fennell authored an extensive 1979 article about the piece, aimed at conductors, for "The Instrumentalist" magazine. In that article, he described the circumstances of the work's creation in 1948-49, while Bennett was occupied with orchestrations for such Broadway musicals as "Inside U.S.A.", "Sally", "Heaven on Earth", "Kiss Me, Kate", "All for Love", and "South Pacific":
“No full score was ever written by Bennett and none of 1979 is currently available from the publishers. He wrote out the parts, one at a time from the short score, over a period of two years. Months would elapse between the writing of the second and then the third clarinet part, for instance. He would return to New York after a period away scoring a new show, dash off another part and leave again for other work. The cohesive nature of the writing, of course, shows none of the peripatetic pursuits. The scoring, however, shows his long service to the theater, revealing a superior knowledge of voice leading and projecting—perhaps technique of the sort one can’t really learn but merely perfect.”
Precursor.
One movement of the piece has its origins in an orchestral "Theme and Variations" of Bennett's given a network radio premiere in 1941 (WOR/Mutual Broadcasting System) on his “Russell Bennett’s Note Book” weekly program. As with "Suite of Old American Dances" eight years later, its various movements reflect the characteristic dances of his young years (including a Turkey Trot, Rag, One-Step, Waltz Clog, and Cake Walk); it is the “One-Step” movement that was developed and expanded into "Suite"'s “Western One-Step” movement.

</doc>
<doc id="36706692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706692" title="2 Scorpii">
2 Scorpii

2 Scorpii (A Scorpii) is a double star system in the constellation Scorpius. 2 Scorpii A and 2 Scorpii B are separated by 2.13 arcseconds.

</doc>
<doc id="36706718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706718" title="Roland Fischnaller">
Roland Fischnaller

Roland Fischnaller may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36706744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706744" title="Durant, Nebraska">
Durant, Nebraska

"Durant, Nebraska" is the second episode of the second season of the American television drama series "Hell on Wheels", which aired on August 19, 2012 on AMC. The twelfth episode of the series is written by John Shiban, and directed by Adam Davidson. In the episode, Thomas Durant (Colm Meaney) takes some men to a ransacked town of his namesake, where he learns the Sioux Nation has declared war on him. Cullen Bohannon (Anson Mount) is freed from the Union Army prison by an unlikely ally. Lily Bell (Dominique McElligott) promises Eva (Robin McLeavy) justice in the prostitute's murder, which Elam (Common) investigates.
Plot.
A band of Indian braves ransack Durant, Nebraska and set it on fire, while Eva hides and watches.
At the Fort Larned jailhouse, Cullen is told he is guilty of armed robbery and sedition, but his death sentence will be commuted to life imprisonment if he reveals his cohorts' names. A belligerent Cullen refuses to cooperate, even when his head is repeatedly submerged in water.
The Swede (Christopher Heyerdahl) delivers a telegraphed message to a sleeping Thomas Durant, who dismisses him. Durant then tells Lily, who lies in his bed, of the Indian massacre. Durant, Joseph (Eddie Spears) and a crew of armed men later board the train on a counterattack mission. After the train reaches the burning town and its survivors, Toole (Duncan Ollerenshaw) tells Durant that nine people were killed. Eva adds the attackers were not Cheyenne. When a band of Indians appears in the distance, Joseph sees that they are from the Sioux Nation and are sending Durant a message that he is now at war with them.
Doc Whitehead (Grainger Hines) visits Cullen in jail. Cullen confesses that he murdered an innocent man and, when Doc attempts to comfort him, adds that he feels nothing about the act. Officers later drag a bound and blindfolded Cullen to a barn. Alone, Cullen takes off the hood and tries to escape but is surprised when Durant appears, smiling. Durant produces two documents: a warrant for Cullen’s execution and a pardon. He claims that Cullen has “unfinished business” and then asks him to choose life or death.
Over tea, Eva tells Lily she wants justice brought upon the man who murdered the prostitute. Lily agrees but stresses that it will be a difficult request to fulfill. Lily later joins Elam at the saloon and discreetly asks him to deal with the man who killed the prostitute. Elam refuses until she mentions that the request came from Eva.
At church, Joseph and Ruth (Kasha Kropinski) distribute clothes and food to the Durant residents. A drunken Reverend Cole (Tom Noonan) approaches and claims he is ready to preach, but Ruth asks him to leave and Joseph blocks his entry. Later that night, Reverend Cole drinks by the Swede's bonfire. Cole prophesizes that the railroad will wipe out the Indians, but the Swede argues that the Sioux's legendary "White Spirit" will prevail. He shows Cole a sign: a sabre-toothed animal skull he dug up by the riverside.
Cullen is brought to Durant's train and shackled to a bench. Durant punches Cullen for robbing his railroad and they both later wonder if they have made the right decision. When Durant gets too close, Cullen wraps the chain around his neck, challenging him to ask for his own stay of execution. Durant holds out, but Cullen releases him. Durant says that sometimes one has to make a deal with the devil. Cullen asks who the devil is in this deal. Durant tosses him the key to his shackles and exits the train car.
At Hell on Wheels, Elam confronts Schmidt (Brian Jensen), accusing him of murdering the prostitute. A brazen Schmidt scoffs at Elam's accusations. Elam draws his gun and threatens to shoot Schmidt, but Schmidt dismisses the threat, saying that a gunshot would attract too much attention. Elam agrees and walks away. Schmidt then inexplicably admits to killing the prostitute. Elam pulls out a knife and stabs him repeatedly in the stomach.
When Cullen and Durant arrive at Hell on Wheels, Durant says that he trusts Cullen's word that he will not leave town, acknowledging an approaching Elam and saying he could always get Elam to shoot him. Elam welcomes Cullen, telling him he will need a gun. As Cullen makes his way through Hell on Wheels, Lily, Joseph, Sean, and various other residents are all stunned by his arrival. He passes a mob of people throwing stones at Schmidt's corpse, which bears a sign that reads "woman killer." Cullen arrives at his new quarters, the Swede's old caboose. As he looks out from the doorway, he sees the Swede, who gives him a knowing smile and walks away.
Reception.
Ratings.
"Durant, Nebraska" was watched by 2.31 million viewers, a slight drop from the season premiere, and showed no change in its 0.6 rating among viewers aged 18-49.
Critical reception.
The episode received positive reviews. "The A.V. Club"s Alasdair Wilkins gave "Durant, Nebraska" a B+ grade, calling it his "favorite "Hell On Wheels" episode yet," adding the episode "is often silly and over-the-top. This isn't great (or perhaps even good) television by most conventional definitions, but I still enjoyed the hell out of it on its own slightly ridiculous terms." Sean McKenna of TV Fanatic rated the episode with 4.5 out of 5 stars, saying, "This second episode really captured the whole atmosphere of the show and provided the perfect seeds for what is to come."

</doc>
<doc id="36706745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706745" title="Cement Mixer (drink)">
Cement Mixer (drink)

A cement mixer is a shot drink. It often consists of:
The drink is traditionally ingested by taking the shot of Bailey's, holding it in the mouth, then sipping the lime juice and swirling the two around the mouth and/or shaking the head. The drink may also be combined as a layered shot, as the lime juice is less dense than most brands of "Irish Cream". The acidic lime juice causes the cream-based Bailey's to curdle. The curdled Bailey's does not taste sour, but it does rapidly gain viscosity and stick to the drinker's teeth, reminiscent of cement. For a sweeter taste, two shot glasses, one of lemonade and one of Bailey's, are used. The shot of lemonade is taken and held in the mouth and is followed by the Bailey's shot—the mixture is then mixed by shaking the head and is then swallowed or spat out because of the nature of the taste and texture felt inside the mouth. This is a cocktail that has seen increasing popularity among older college students, in an effort to prevent or discourage underage drinking, by serving or offering it to a student who may be lying about his or her age, as when not prepared the right way, the curdling of the milk in the drink can cause an upset stomach, diarrhea, nausea, and/or vomiting.
In the "The Supersizers Eat...The Eighties" episode, the presenters (Giles Coren and Sue Perkins) graphically demonstrate the effect of drinking the Cement mixer cocktail.

</doc>
<doc id="36706777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706777" title="Sami Uotila">
Sami Uotila

Sami Uotila may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36706781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706781" title="Rune Lindström">
Rune Lindström

Rune Lindström may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36706832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706832" title="1936–37 Western Football League">
1936–37 Western Football League

The 1936–37 season was the 40th in the history of the Western Football League.
The Division One champions for the fourth time in their history and for the second consecutive season were Bristol Rovers Reserves. The winners of Division Two were Weymouth. There was again no promotion or relegation between the two divisions this season.
Final tables.
Division One.
After Bath City and Cardiff City Reserves left the league, Division One was reduced from six to five clubs, with one new club joining.
Division Two.
Division Two remained at eighteen clubs after Bath City Reserves left and one new club joined:
1 The system of using goal average to separate two teams tied on points was used up to and including the 1976–77 season.
2 The points system: 2 points for a win, 1 point for a draw and 0 points for losing.

</doc>
<doc id="36706854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706854" title="Shinya Chiba">
Shinya Chiba

Shinya Chiba may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36706878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706878" title="David Higgins (archer)">
David Higgins (archer)


</doc>
<doc id="36706900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706900" title="Terry Palmer">
Terry Palmer

Terry Palmer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36706906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706906" title="Panayiota Andreou">
Panayiota Andreou

Panayiota Andreou (, born 10 November 1995 in Paralimni) is a Cypriot skeet shooter who represented her country at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom. She is ranked 22nd in the world and shoots for a club in Famagusta.
After qualifying for the games due to a second-place position at the ISSF 2011 Shotgun World Cup in Maribor, she finished 16th in the women's skeet qualifying round with a score of 57 points, failing to qualify for the semi-final.

</doc>
<doc id="36706923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706923" title="La Roche &amp; Co.">
La Roche &amp; Co.

Bank La Roche & Co Ltd is a Swiss private bank, headquartered in Basel and founded in 1787 by Benedikt La Roche. It is organised in the form of a Aktiengesellschaft. The bank specialises in asset management for private customers and institutional investors. The bank has subsidiaries in Bern and Olten, and an office in Zurich. It has 120 employees (2011). The company was originally named Benedikt La Roche, and the name was changed to La Roche & Co. in 1892.

</doc>
<doc id="36706948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706948" title="Michael C. Seto">
Michael C. Seto

Michael Chikong Seto (born 1967) is a Canadian forensic psychologist, sexologist, and author. He is Director of Forensic Rehabilitation Research at the Royal Ottawa Health Care Group, where he says his research focuses on pedophilia, sexual offenses committed against children, child pornography, risk assessment, offenders with mental disorders, psychopathy, and program evaluation.
He is an Associate Editor of "," the official journal of the Association for the Treatment of Sexual Abusers, and the "Archives of Sexual Behavior", the official journal of the International Academy of Sex Research. He also serves on the editorial board for the journal "Law and Human Behavior", the official journal of the American Psychology-Law Society. He is an Associate Professor at the University of Toronto and holds cross-appointments to Ryerson University, Carleton University, and the University of Ottawa.
Career.
Seto received a B.Sc. (1989) in biopsychology from University of British Columbia, completed his M.A. (1992) and Ph.D. (1997) in clinical psychology at Queen’s University, Kingston, Ontario, Canada. He worked at the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health (and its predecessor, the Clarke Institute of Psychiatry) from 1994 to 2008, before moving to the Royal Ottawa Health Care Group in 2008, first as a consultant and then as the Director of Forensic Rehabilitation Research.
Research.
Seto has been noted as "one of the foremost authorities" on adolescent sex offenders. Much of his research has focused on the psychological characteristics of sex offenders, their risk for reoffending, and the relationship between paraphilias and sexual offending. He has suggested in his book on pedophilia and sexual offending that perhaps 3% of men are sexually attracted to prepubescent children. Pedophilia is related to sexual offending against children, but they are not synonymous: Some pedophiles are not known to have ever committed sexual offenses against children, and some offenders are not pedophiles, motivated instead by high sex drive, criminality, or opportunism. Controversially, Seto has suggested that pedophilia can be understood as a sexual orientation with regard to age, just as heterosexuality, bisexuality, or homosexuality can be understood as sexual orientations with regard to gender.
In his research on online offending, Seto has discovered that there may be a closer link between pedophilia, and child pornography use than between pedophilia and sexual offending against children directly. This does not mean pedophilia is the only motivation, but it does appear to be the most important. Despite this strong association with pedophilia, online sexual offenders appear to be at relatively low risk of reoffending, suggesting other factors such as personality must be involved. In related research, he and his colleagues have demonstrated that the same kinds of risk factors are valid for online offenders as they are for conventional contact offenders, including age, criminal history, substance use, and sexual attraction to children. This research is summarized in his book on online sexual offending 
Views.
In describing pedophiles, Seto emphasizes that there are few outward signs. He told "USA Today", "People would feel better if there was a profile, but there really isn't." "It can be a priest, a coach, or a teacher. It could be a person who is a trusted member of the community. They are employed. They have friends. It doesn't fit with the idea that this person is different in some way that we could notice and protect ourselves." Serial child molesters seek out vulnerable children and cultivate relationships with them, Seto said. "They are not picking children at random." Rather, "They are seeking out children who will be more receptive to their approach—children who may be socially isolated, impoverished, lacking a father figure." 
Seto described child pornography offenders as often being socially isolated, spending long stretches of time online, and being secretive about their online activities.“Several studies have suggested that child pornography offenders become increasingly involved online, sometimes spending hours every day searching for more content, as well as spending time on related sites” like youth-oriented forums or chat rooms, he said. There also appears to be an age difference, according to Seto: “People on average under 35 are more familiar with the technology than those who are over 35, and the arrests reflect that.”
In 2007, Seto's research team received a $66,000 (Canadian) research grant to study child pornography offenders, comparing those who do with those who do not go on to commit future offences. Ontario politician George Smitherman criticized the study and the Ontario Mental Health Foundation for funding the project, because the study subjects would receive money for agreeing to participate ($60 Canadian).
Seto responded that he was unsurprised the study has generated controversy. He said "I do understand why people are concerned about this, but I hope they don't lose sight of the fact that we're doing this research to understand pedophilia and sexual offending," and that it is standard practice to pay people to take part in clinical studies. According to OMHF, "The new knowledge to be gained from the proposed study would contribute to our theoretical understanding of the origins of sexual offending against children, because it would help identify factors that influence the likelihood that someone with a sexual attraction to children will act upon that attraction."

</doc>
<doc id="36706955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706955" title="Kvæfjord Church">
Kvæfjord Church

Kvæfjord Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Kvæfjord in Troms county, Norway. It is located in the village of Borkenes. The church is part of the Kvæfjord parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1867 and it seats about 550 people. It was consecrated on 30 July 1867. The architect was Jacob Wilhelm Nordan.

</doc>
<doc id="36706988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36706988" title="Stephen Austen">
Stephen Austen

He won a silver medal in the Men's Short Metric Round Team 1A-6. He finished 8th in the Men's Double Advanced Metric Round Paraplegic. 

</doc>
<doc id="36707002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707002" title="Herbert Fletcher University">
Herbert Fletcher University

"HFU" is a distance learning educational institution of the Inter‐American Division of the Seventh-­day Adventists. It is named after the late Herbert L. Fletcher who was a church leader and educator within the Division for half a century. He was a past president of West Indies College (now Northern Caribbean University) in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="36707003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707003" title="Bonily Khongmen">
Bonily Khongmen

Bonily Khongmen (June 25, 1912 – March 17, 2007) was an Indian politician from the Indian National Congress party. She was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from the Autonomous District constituency Assam in 1952.She was a member of the 1st Lok Sabha.She was also the Deputy Speaker in Assam assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="36707011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707011" title="Langvassbukt Chapel">
Langvassbukt Chapel

Langvassbukt Chapel () is a chapel in the municipality of Kvæfjord in Troms county, Norway. It is located in the village of Langvassbukta, along the Gullesfjorden, just east of the border with Sortland. The church is part of the Kvæfjord parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1981 to serve the western part of the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="36707018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707018" title="Landolt &amp; Cie">
Landolt &amp; Cie

Landolt & Cie, banquiers is a Swiss private bank specializing in asset management for wealthy private customers, headquartered in Lausanne and founded in 1780 in Neuchâtel. It was since acquired by Hermann Hofstetter and in 1973 it was renamed "Hofstetter, Landolt & Cie", as Marc-Edouard Landolt joined Bernard Hofstetter as a partner. In 1990, it was renamed "Landolt, Lonfat & Cie., banquiers" and in 1994 "Landolt & Cie, banquiers".
It is organised in the form of a Kommanditgesellschaft with three partners. The bank specialises in asset management for private customers and institutional investors, and is the oldest such institution in the French-speaking part of Switzerland. The bank has secondary offices in Geneva and Crans-Montana.
In 2013 it became the oldest bank in Switzerland, following the collapse of Wegelin & Co. (not counting Berenberg Bank AG, the Swiss subsidiary of Berenberg Bank).

</doc>
<doc id="36707023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707023" title="Peter Damian Williams">
Peter Damian Williams

Peter Damian Williams is an Australian author and military historian. He was born in Hobart in 1957 and educated at St Virgil's College. He taught history in the Northern Territory and Japan and now lives in Canberra. Peter Williams holds the degrees of BA, Dip. Ed, MA and PhD.

</doc>
