<doc id="36730781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730781" title="Dayton Contemporary Dance Company">
Dayton Contemporary Dance Company

Dayton Contemporary Dance Company, which was founded in 1968 by Dayton, Ohio native, Jeraldyne Blunden, is the oldest modern dance company in Ohio, and one of the largest companies of its kind between Chicago and New York City.
History.
The Dayton Contemporary Dance Company was founded in 1968 by Jeraldyne Blunden as a performance outlet for students at Jeraldyne's School of Dance. Blunden picked students from her school for the dance company, acquiring twelve female dancers by 1972. One of these original dancers was Blunden's daughter, Debbie Blunden-Diggs, who would later become artistic director of the company.
In 1973, the company performed Blunden's ballet, "Flite," earning the honor of being the first African-American group to gain membership to the Northeast Regional Ballet Association Festival. The company soon produced its first large scale performance in 1976, also marking the first time the dancers were paid for a performance. They performed "Black Snow", a collaboration with acclaimed composer Roy Meriwether at Dayton's Memorial Hall in front of a sold-out audience.
Blunden shaped the Dayton Contemporary Dance Company as a repertory company through her continuous invitations for renowned guest artists to create pieces for her dancers. Young, budding choreographers, including Ulysses Dove, contributed to the growing company's repertory.
DCDC’s outstanding repertoire includes works by world class master choreographers such as Eleo Pomare, Alvin Ailey, Ulysses Dove, Merce Cunningham, Donald McKayle, Rennie Harris, and Talley Beatty. Today, DCDC continues to acquire new works by contemporary choreographers including Bebe Miller, Warren Spears, Dianne McIntyre, Shapiro and Smith, and Ronald K. Brown. To further expand its repertoire, DCDC commissioned works inviting Bill T. Jones, Garth Fagan, Dwight Rhoden and Doug Varone to participate in DCDC’s What dreams we have and how they fly. This four-piece program premiered in 2003 to celebrate Dayton’s native sons, the Wright Brothers’ first flight 100 years ago and will artistically explore what the invention of flight means to our contemporary world. 2013-14, as part of DCDC's 45th Anniversary, 10 new works were commissioned for DCDC by choreographers' Kiesha Lalama, Ronen Koresh, Ray Mercer, Donald Byrd, Alvin Rangel, Rodney A. Brown and more.
The company’s apprenticeship dance corps, DCDC2, was established as the pre-professional wing of the rising touring company under the leadership of Kevin Ward. In 1990, Blunden fell ill and Kevin Ward became the new artistic director of the company. Blunden's daughter, Debbie Blunden-Diggs, became the new director of DCDC2. But now a new leader of DCDC2 is around Shonna Hickman-Matlock
Kevin Ward retired on July 1, 2007, and Debbie Blunden-Diggs became the company’s new artistic director.
National recognition.
The company has toured internationally to other countries including Bermuda, Canada, Chile, France, Germany, Poland, Russia, and South Korea
Projects and collaborations.
China (2012).
The company performed in China to celebrate the grand opening of the University of Dayton's China Institute in Suzhou Industrial Park.
Chile (2011).
The company performed in Chile alongside Hubbard Street Dance Chicago, Cirque Eloize, and Chile’s Jose Luis Vidal at the Las Condes Municipal Theatre.
In the Spirit of… (2009).
The company reprised its most popular dance offering ever, "In the Spirit of...", held at the Dayton Masonic Temple. "In the Spirit of..." paid tribute to African-American liturgical worship, complete with a 100-voice choir assembled from local churches, instrumentalists, dancers from both the company and DCDC2, and nationally renowned jazz and blues saxophonist Kirk Whalum and equally renowned gospel and R&B singer Shirley Murdock.
Colôr- ógrăphy, n. the dances of Jacob Lawrence (2007).
The company commissioned new dance works inspired by the powerful paintings of Jacob Lawrence from choreographers Donald Byrd, Rennie Harris, Kevin Ward, and Reggie Wilson. This became the company’s second largest touring project.
Lyric Fire (2006).
The company commissioned Dianne McIntyre to choreograph a piece celebrating the life and poetry of Paul Laurence Dunbar.
The Clearing in the Woods.
The company united choreographer Ronald K. Brown with noted jazz pianist Mulgrew Miller in an innovative jazz/dance collaboration.
The Flight Project (2003).
In celebration of Dayton’s native Wright Brothers’ 100th Anniversary of flight, the company invited Bill T. Jones, Bebe Miller, Jawole Willa Jo Zollar, Dwight Rhoden, and Doug Varone to create new works that artistically explore what the invention of flight means to our contemporary world. This five-piece program was the first and largest touring project the company has had in its history.
Children of the Passage (1999).
DCDC premiered Children of the Passage by Donald McKayle and Ronald K. Brown. This work was commissioned by the National Afro-American Museum and Cultural Center as part of a major project,
Educational outreach.
The company offers lecture demonstrations, workshops, school field trips, and residency programs adaptable for all ages. These educational offerings are available both in Dayton and while the company is on tour. The company aims to use dance as an experiential tool to facilitate learning in all subjects, supporting student success as determined by the state of Ohio Academic Content Standards.

</doc>
<doc id="36730787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730787" title="Tamil Braille">
Tamil Braille

Tamil Braille is the smallest of the Bharati braille alphabets. (For the general system and for punctuation, see that article.)
Alphabet.
Vowel letters are used rather than diacritics, and they occur after consonants in their spoken order. 
The last two letters, ' and ', are shared with Malayalam, but otherwise ' is used for the "anusvara" (nasalization) in other Bharati alphabets, while ' is only used in Urdu, for the unrelated letter "ʻayn".

</doc>
<doc id="36730791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730791" title="Light Shift">
Light Shift

Light Shift (foaled 22 March 2004) is an American-bred, British-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the 2007 Epsom Oaks. In a racing career which lasted from June 2006 to October 2007 the filly ran nine times times and won four races. After winning once as a two-year-old, Light Shift won the Cheshire Oaks on her second appearance as a three-year-old. She then won the Classic Oaks over one and a half miles at Epsom, beating the Irish filly Peeping Fawn. Light Shift never won another race, being beaten by Peeping Fawn in the Irish Oaks and the Nassau Stakes and finishing unplaced in the Prix de l'Opera.
Background.
Light Shift is a bay mare with a white star bred in Kentucky by Flaxman Holdings a breeding company run by the Niarchos family. Light Shift's sire, Kingmambo was a highly successful breeding stallion. His progeny included the British Classic winners Russian Rhythm, King's Best, Henrythenavigator Virginia Waters and Rule of Law as well as major winners in Japan (El Condor Pasa), France (Divine Proportions) and the United States (Lemon Drop Kid). Her dam, Lingerie, failed to win a race but was a daughter of Northern Trick, a mare who won the Prix Vermeille and finished second in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. Before Light Shift, Lingerie had produced the Prix Jean de Chaudenay winner Limnos and Shiva, a mare who won four races including the Group One Tattersalls Gold Cup.
The filly was trained throughout her career by Henry Cecil at his Warren Place stables in Newmarket, Suffolk and was ridden in all of her races by Ted Durcan. When Light Shift appeared in Cecil's yard, Maria Niarchos told him that "I love this filly, we're going to win the Oaks with this".
Racing career.
2006: two-year-old season.
Light Shift began her career in a six furlong maiden race at Newmarket in June in which she finished second, half a length behind the winner Wid. She then finished third to Princess Taise in a seven furlong maiden at the same course a month later. In September she was moved up in distance to one mile and recorded her first win in yet another Newmarket maiden. Starting the 15/8 favourite, she took the lead inside the final furlong and won by half a length from Sunlight. She ended the season being rated 83 by the "Racing Post", suggesting that she was at least thirty pounds below top class.
2007: three-year-old season.
On her first appearance as a three-year-old, Light Shift ran in a ten furlong race for colts and fillies at Newbury. She produced a strong run in the straight and took the lead in the final furlong before winning by one and a quarter lengths from Kid Mambo. She was then moved up in class and distance for the Listed over eleven furlongs at Chester. Starting the 11/8 favourite, she accelerated to lead in the closing stages and won comfortably by three-quarters of a length from the Aidan O'Brien-trained All My Loving.
In the Oaks at Epsom on 1 June, Light Shift started at odds of 13/2 in a field of fourteen fillies, making her the fourth choice in the betting behind her stable companion Passage of Time and the Irish runners All My Loving and Four Sins. Durcan restrained the filly in the early stages before moving up to challenge to leaders in the straight. Light Shift took the lead a quarter of a mile from the finish and opened up a clear lead before holding off the strong late challenge of the Aidan O'Brien-trained outsider Peeping Fawn to win by half a length. All My Loving was four lengths further back in third. The win gave Henry Cecil his eighth win in the race and his first Classic success for seven years. The trainer, who had been seriously ill with stomach cancer, was given an enthusiastic and emotional reception by the crowd.
In the Irish Oaks on 15 July, Light Shift was again matched against Peeping Fawn, who had won the Group One Pretty Polly Stakes in the interim. Light Shift, the 9/4 favourite despite her trainers concerns about the soft ground, raced just behind the leaders before taking the lead in the straight, but was soon overtaken by Peeping Fawn and finished second, beaten three and a half lengths. Three weeks later, Light Shift and Peeping Fawn met for a third time in the Nassau Stakes over ten furlongs at Goodwood. On this occasion, Light Shift made some progress in the straight, but could never reach the lead and finished third, five lengths behind the Irish filly and three and a half lengths behind the runner-up Mandesha. Following the race, Cecil suggested that the filly would be aimed at the Breeders' Cup. After a break of two months, Light Shift reappeared in the Prix de l'Opera at Longchamp. She started the 11/4 favourite but finished sixth of the eleven runners behind Satwa Queen. Cecil said that the filly's "flat" performance may have been the result of a long and demanding season.
Assessment and honours.
In the 2007 World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings, Light Shift was given a rating of 117, making her the equal seventh best three-year-old filly in the world six pounds below Rags to Riches.
Stud record.
Light Shift was retired to become a broodmare for the Niarchos family. Her first foal, a colt sired by Dansili, was born on 4 February 2009. She was subsequently covered by Galileo.

</doc>
<doc id="36730794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730794" title="Urdu Braille">
Urdu Braille

According to Unesco (2013), there are different braille alphabets for Urdu in India and in Pakistan. The Indian alphabet is based on national Bharati Braille, while the Pakistani alphabet is based on Persian Braille.
Differences from Persian Braille and from Bharati Braille.
Besides the addition of Urdu-specific consonants, analogous to the additional letters in the print Urdu alphabet compared to the Persian alphabet, Pakistani Urdu Braille differs from Persian Braille in the transcription of the print letter ', which is written as a digraph in Urdu braille rather than as Persian , which in Urdu is used for '. 
Indian Urdu Braille differs from other Bharati braille alphabets in having several letters borrowed from Persian, such as for ' (Bharati '), for ' (Bharati '), and for ' (Bharati '). Another such letter, for ', is shared with Gurmukhi Braille ਖ਼ ' but with no other Bharati alphabet, where is otherwise the vowel "".
Alphabets.
It is not clear if vowels in Indian Urdu Braille follow pronunciation and their Devanagari Braille equivalents, or print orthography.
Contractions.
Pakistani Urdu Braille has several contractions beyond the aspirated consonants: 
Punctuation.
Basic punctuation in Pakistan is the same as in India. See Bharati Braille#Punctuation.

</doc>
<doc id="36730813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730813" title="William and Ann Bringhurst House">
William and Ann Bringhurst House

The William and Ann Bringhurst House, at 306 S 200 W in Springville, Utah, was built in 1856. It includes Greek Revival and Mid 19th Century Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
It was built of adobe in 1856. It was extended c.1895 and also in 1955.
Some design work was by Solomon D. Chase.

</doc>
<doc id="36730827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730827" title="Telugu Braille">
Telugu Braille

Telugu Braille is one of the Bharati braille alphabets, and it largely conforms to the letter values of the other Bharati alphabets.
Alphabet.
The alphabet is as follows. Vowel letters are used rather than diacritics, and they occur after consonants in their spoken order. For orthographic conventions, see Bharati Braille.
There is a single pre-formed conjunct,
and the full range of syllable codas,
Punctuation.
See Bharati Braille#Punctuation.

</doc>
<doc id="36730829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730829" title="Basil Rought-Rought">
Basil Rought-Rought

Basil William Rought-Rought (15 September 1904 – 27 October 1995) was an English cricketer. Rought-Rought was a left-handed batsman. He was born at Brandon, Suffolk.
Rought-Rought made his debut for Norfolk against Hertfordshire in the 1926 Minor Counties Championship. He made 123 appearances in the Minor Counties Championship for Cheshire before World War II. He made his debut in first-class cricket in 1933 for HDG Leveson Gower's XI against Oxford University at The Saffrons, Eastbourne, with him making a further first-class appearance in that season for the team at the same venue against Cambridge University. He scored 129 runs in his two matches, which a high score of 61 against Cambridge University. Playing minor counties cricket for Norfolk allowed Rought-Rought to be selected to play for a combined Minor Counties cricket team, with him making his debut for the team in a first-class match against the touring New Zealanders in 1937 at the Rose Brothers Ground, Gainsborough. He made a further first-class appearance for the team in 1938 against Oxford University at the University Parks. In his two first-class matches for the team, he scored 100 runs, with a high score of 50 against the New Zealanders.
He served during World War II in the Royal Norfolk Regiment, holding the rank of Lieutenant in 1940. He was captured in France in 1940, spending most the war as a Prisoner of War. He attempted to escape captivity, but was unsuccessful on his first attempt. In 1945, he made a second attempt at escaping captivity, this time succeeding in his escape and returning to England. Following World War II, Rought-Rought returned to playing minor counties cricket for Norfolk, making sixteen further appearances, the last of which came against Buckinghamshire in 1948. His brothers, Rodney and Desmond, both played first-class cricket. He died at the place of his birth on 27 October 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="36730838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730838" title="Punjabi Braille">
Punjabi Braille

Punjabi Braille is the braille alphabet used in India for Punjabi. It is one of the Bharati braille alphabets, and largely conforms to the letter values of the other Bharati alphabets.
Alphabet.
The alphabet is as follows. Vowel letters are used rather than diacritics, and they occur after consonants in their spoken order. For orthographic conventions, see Bharati Braille.
Pointing.
The Bharati point, , is only used to derive one consonant, ਗ਼ "ġa" , from the base consonant letter ਗ "ga" . This system also operates in Hindi Braille and Indian Urdu Braille, but the Punjabi Braille alphabet is closer to Indian Urdu, as all other consonants that are pointed in print, such as ਖ਼ "xa", are rendered with dedicated letters in braille based on international values. The six pointed letters in the Gurmukhi script have the following equivalents in braille:
Codas.
Points are used for syllable codas.
Punctuation.
See Bharati Braille#Punctuation.

</doc>
<doc id="36730844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730844" title="Slobodan Trkulja">
Slobodan Trkulja

Slobodan Trkulja (born May 29, 1977) is a Serbian multi-instrumentalist, composer and singer in traditional and Byzantium style. Trkulja is one of the first artists who composed, performed, and popularized Balkan Traditional Music with modern approach in arrangements. He is the founder of the Modern Balkan Tradition music genre, although he is most famous for his collaboration with Metropole Orchestra from Netherlands in 2008. Aside from playing 13 instruments, Dutch daily NRC Handelsblad called him "one of the most beautiful male voices of the Balkan." He had no formal music training until 1997, but attended a public high school in Sremski Karlovci. Slobodan moved to Netherlands in 1997, and returned to Serbia in 2008, where he has been since.
Biography.
Early life.
Trkulja was born in Odžaci on May 29, 1977. At the age of 10 he taught himself to play the clarinet. After clarinet, Slobodan learned to play dozen more instruments in the next eight years. At the age of 14, he started playing in the professional folk ensemble Kolo in Belgrade. In less than a year he was announced the best instrumentalist at “Festival of Music Societies of Vojvodina”. He spent next four years focusing on his high school education and performing with Kolo. In 1998 Slobodan went to Amsterdam, where he studied at Conservatorium van Amsterdam, Saxophone Department, an instrument which he had played less than a year and a half at that point. In 1999, right before the NATO bombing of Serbia, he returned to his homeland and postponed his education until the end of the aggression. Trkulja continued with his studies in February 2000. In 2004 he graduated, and three years later he received his Master’s Degree of Arts with honors and an award for his MA concert.
Religion influences.
Slobodan claims to have recognized the true gist of music upon entering his religion, when suddenly he experienced a revelation of different and unknown musical views and fields. The feedback that he got from religion was reciprocal, because he entered faith through music. 
“One day, I went to the Kovilj Monastery and experienced a great temblor inside my soul that moment when I heard a monk singing. For me it was an out-of-body experience, an un-earthy feeling… something that shook me to that extent that I felt physical changes inside."
Slobodan was threading deeper into the faith and realized that Orthodox Christian traditional singing was immensely based on Byzantine singing. “The melodies in the old Byzantine Church singing are exactly the same as Orthodox Christian music”, says Trkulja.
"The predominant emotion in our tradition is an emotion weaved with spirituality, because our people couldn’t make music that was not close to their souls. What I personally as a musician like the most about these melodies is that they are infinite. They start and keep on going with the prayer. At one moment it takes you and you forget about yourself, about your problems, about all the things that make you miserable. It’s like you have plugged in to a pure, beautiful energy that nurtures you from inside."
Music career.
Balkanopolis.
In 1997, in the clubs of Novi Sad, Trkulja started playing music that was inspired by Serbian music and Balkan tradition, but had strong modern influences from the west. Pursuing his dream further, he founded the group Balkanopolis, with whom he held many concerts and published an independent album titled "Let Iznad Balkana" ("One Flew Over the Balkans"). Western musicologists consider his sound a new genre that they call “Modern Balkan Tradition.” Ever since, under the Balkanopolis influence, many musical groups ensued and continued to weave the Modern Tradition into the Serbian music scene.
This exposure brought him a lecturing invitation for the "International Ethno Camp" in Sweden. Slobodan was featured as an artistic leader, representing the Balkan countries in the "mix of world music" in Stockholm. 
Today Trkulja plays 13 instruments in total. Clarinet since he was 10; bagpipes, diple, double, kaval, flute, acoustic guitar since he was 15; flute since age of 18 and tenor saxophone since 19. Today, besides all of these, he plays the drums, Armenian duduk, ocarina, alto and soprano saxophone. In addition to his talent for playing, Slobodan Trkulja also has impressive singing abilities, which he developed by listening to traditional Serbian throat-singers. The most respected Dutch daily NRC Handelsblad called him "one of the most beautiful male voices of the Balkan."
In 2005 he played at the neo-Balkan music concert “Večiti most” ("Eternal Bridge") at the exhibition Expo in Japan. He performed at Exit 2006th, completely solitary on stage, in front of three thousand people.
He participated with "Balkanopolis", and reached the finals, where he won the award "best new talent." On September 15 the same year, he participated in a charity concert of ethnic music "Kuća na putu” (“House on the road”) in Belgrade's Sava Center, with blessings of the Patriarch Pavle. In 2003 he was one of the main soloists in the prestigious project of Tea Huka and “Metropole Orchestra”, called “Mixed Nuts”. 
At the benefit concert “Dar za Hilandar” ("A gift for Hilandar"), April 13, 2004 in the Sava Center, Trkulja performed his song "Lepe moje crne oči" ("Beautiful black eyes of mine"). In December, same year – same place, with Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra and “Balkanopolis”, Trkulja held a concert, conducted by Arjan Tien, called "Prizivanje kiše" ("Invocation of rain"). This concert was held on the occasion of the completion of the Dutch presidency of the European Union organized by the Netherlands Embassy in Belgrade. 
Currently Balkanopolis consists of:
On February 22, 2008, they had a notable appearance on the 15th Celtic Connections festival in Scotland. With attendances reaching 120,000 and events taking place across 14 venues throughout Glasgow they had great feedback from this visit.
Metropole Orchestra.
In 2008, April and May marked collaboration with Metropole orchestra. On April 17, in Hilversum, Netherlands, Balkanopolis and Metropole Orchestra started their collaboration by recording the program for the interval act of Eurovision. This session was conducted by Jules Buckley. The next day Balkanopolis and Metropole Orchestra had a rehearsal in MCO Studios on which Richard Evans, producer and musician in the Peter Gabriel Band that is due to record and produce new Balkanopolis album, talked with Slobodan about future sound of Balkanopolis.
Albums.
On their debut album, "Prizivanje Kiše" ("Invocation of Rain", published in 2006 by PGP RTS), Trkulja build a fusion of modern jazz and original folklore. Album features several popular traditional folk song covers, a jazz standard, and six original compositions in which they combine traditional music, jazz, pop and ambiental music.
Second album "Kingdom of Balkanopolis" (published in 2010 by ) was produced in four countries on two continents. Slobodan Trkulja worked on this album with his colleagues and friends for a couple of years. David Rhodes, John Giblin and Tony Levin were featured as guest musicians on some compositions. Producers of this album are world-renowned Richard Evans (UK) and Chad Blake (USA). It was recorded in Peter Gabriel's "Real World Studios" in the UK. Metropole Orchestra recorded the orchestral sections in Netherlands. Album went through the final stage of post-production in "Gateway mastering studio" in USA. The sound engineer Adam Ajana said: "Sound that Trkulja creates is a unique combination of tradition and modern sound that has emerged as a real refreshment at a time when all the bands are more like each other."
Involvement in Jazz.
Trkulja collaborated with numerous jazz bands and philharmonic orchestras. He joined the multinational groove-jazz band "Turqumstances,” in Amsterdam. On their common appearances, his solo sections had a special place as well as duets with clarinetist Oguz Buyukberber. After this, he easily made his way through the Latin jazz scene, traveling through Benelux with the Latino big band of Eddie Martinez from Colombia. At the Concertgebouw in Amsterdam, in a traditional New Year’s concert, January 2002, he performed his Pythagorean Oro, together with Dutch Brass Ensemble. The performance at this concert (which was directly transmitted by the Dutch television) was the high point of Trkulja’s career, which gained him admiring reviews and earned him recognition in the Netherlands. This was followed by series of appearances as guest soloist with the Jazz Orchestra of the Concertgebouw at the National Jazz Competition of Holland. On February 6, 2005 he won the Dutch Erasmus Prize for performing jazz saxophone and clarinet pieces for 45 minutes with drummer Ari De Bur as his only accompaniment. Other than a sum of money from Rotterdam Conservatory, the prize included a number of concerts at the renowned jazz clubs in the Netherlands.
Concert for Babies.
In 2011 Slobodan performed a concert he specially designed for babies and children. This concert was followed by a workshop in which the audience could musically interact and play the instruments with Slobodan. This concert took place in SKC Novi Beograd, Belgrade and, as part of the Pokreni Se (Move) project, it was done in collaboration with the students of the Belgrade Academy of Music and Center for Culture and Information Kissaro. This was one of 33 projects that were supported by Center for the Promotion of Science of Serbia.
Summary.
Trkulja’s music is described as contemporary art and intelligent synthesis of traditional Serbian music and modern jazz and fusion, asymmetric bars of Balkan rhythms and grooving beats of modern funk, which entail unprecedented examples of rhythmic fireworks. He does not hesitate to use exotic, almost delirious time signatures like 25/8. He employs vocal counterpoint parts in which he plays with different textures, which produce a powerful effect in his melancholic ballads. 
He claims that he is not narrowed by genre. Trkulja once said that for him music making is not subject to any kind of classification.
On Beovizija 2007 Slobodan Trkulja and “Balkanopolis” competed with his composition ”Nebo” (“Sky”), which combines traditional and Byzantine ecclesiastical chant. They won second place with 10/12 points of TV audience votes and 7/12 points of votes of the jury as well as and the prize for best interpretation assigned by the Eurovision Fan Club (OGAE Serbia). The song “Nebo” also was a representative at the annual OGAE Serbia OGAE “Second chance” contest 2007 in Slovenia. Slobodan Trkulja and Balkanopolis took 14th place at the Eurovision Contest 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36730846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730846" title="Billy Daniels (footballer)">
Billy Daniels (footballer)

Billy Jordan Daniels (born 3 July 1994) is an English footballer who currently plays as a forward for Coventry City.
Career.
Coventry City.
Born in Bristol, Daniels progressed through Coventry's academy to sign his first professional contract in May 2012. His professional debut for Coventry came on 14 August 2012, in a 1–0 victory over Dagenham & Redbridge in the Football League Cup.
Billy Daniels signed a contract extension in the summer of 2013. On August 11, 2013 Billy Daniels scored his first two goals in professional football in a 5–4 win for Coventry against Bristol City, including what turned out to be the winning goal. The win against Bristol City was particularly important to Daniels due to him growing up supporting their city rivals Bristol Rovers. Daniels followed this brace up by scoring in Coventry's away win against Carlisle United in the following league game.
However his progress has been halted by both the return of Coventry captain Carl Baker to the right wing position that Daniels had been occupying and also a hernia problem that has limited him to sparse substitute appearance in September and October 2013.
Loan to Cheltenham Town.
On 27 March 2014, Daniels joined League Two side Cheltenham Town on a 28-day loan.
Career statistics.
Stats according to 

</doc>
<doc id="36730848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730848" title="Victor Wetterström">
Victor Wetterström

Victor Wetterström (1884–1956) was a Swedish curler. He was born in Stockholm. He won a silver medal at the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix.

</doc>
<doc id="36730872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730872" title="Gujarati Braille">
Gujarati Braille

Gujarati Braille is one of the Bharati braille alphabets, and it largely conforms to the letter values of the other Bharati alphabets.
Alphabet.
The alphabet is as follows. Vowel letters are used rather than diacritics, and they occur after consonants in their spoken order. For orthographic conventions, see Bharati Braille.
There are two pre-formed conjuncts,
and the full range of syllable codas,
Punctuation.
See Bharati Braille#Punctuation.

</doc>
<doc id="36730873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730873" title="Wolfgang Lüderitz">
Wolfgang Lüderitz

Wolfgang Lüderitz (born 8 May 1936) is a German modern pentathlete. He competed for East Germany at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36730880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730880" title="Bengali Braille">
Bengali Braille

Bengali Braille is either of two Bharati braille alphabets, used for the Bengali and Assamese languages, that largely conform to the letter values of the other Bharati alphabets.
According to UNESCO (2013), there are slightly different letter assignments in Bangladesh and in India.
Two alphabets.
A few letters differ between the Indian and Bangladeshi alphabets. Bangladeshi Braille transcribes print Bengali "khô, jhô, bhô" as international "xô, zô, vô"; the last is used in India for Assamese, but not for Bengali. Bangladeshi braille also rotates the letter "ṛô" for the letter "ṛhô", while Indian uses an accent point.
Numerals.
Numerals are the same as in other Bharati alphabets. 
Punctuation.
For basic diacritics and punctuation, see Bharati braille. Several additional punctuation marks are noted in Bangladesh. It may be that they are used in India as well, but they conflict with the punctuation reported for Nepali Braille:

</doc>
<doc id="36730893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730893" title="Oriya Braille">
Oriya Braille

Oriya Braille is one of the Bharati braille alphabets, and (apart from using Hindi ' for Oriya ') it conforms to the letter values of the other Bharati alphabets.
Alphabet.
The alphabet is as follows. Vowel letters are used rather than diacritics, and they occur after consonants in their spoken order. For orthographic conventions, see Bharati Braille.
There are two pre-formed conjuncts,
and the full range of syllable codas,
Punctuation.
See Bharati Braille#Punctuation.

</doc>
<doc id="36730899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730899" title="Kannada Braille">
Kannada Braille

Kannada Braille is one of the Bharati braille alphabets, and it largely conforms to the letter values of the other Bharati alphabets.
Alphabet.
The alphabet is as follows. Vowel letters are used rather than diacritics, and they occur after consonants in their spoken order. For orthographic conventions, see Bharati Braille.
There is a single pre-formed conjunct, and two obsolete letters,
and several syllable codas,
Punctuation.
See Bharati Braille#Punctuation.

</doc>
<doc id="36730900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730900" title="Matt Griffin">
Matt Griffin

Matt Griffin (born May 9, 1968) is an American professional football coach and former collegiate player. He served as the head football coach at the University of Tennessee at Martin (UTM) from 2003 to 2006, and Murray State University from 2007 to 2009, compiling a career college football record of 21 wins and 58 losses.
Coaching career.
Early positions.
Griffin began his coaching career from 1992 to 1993 at Plymouth State College in New Hampshire. From there he joined the University of Richmond in 1994, and then was at Northeastern University from 1995 to 1996. With the Huskies he oversaw the quarterbacks and the offensive backfield. From 1997 to 1998, Griffin served as offensive coordinator at the University of Tennessee at Martin, where he also coached the Skyhawks quarterbacks and wide receivers. In 1999, he joined the University of Maine, working with the tight ends during his first year. Griffin coached the Black Bears offensive line for the next three seasons, assuming additional duties as recruiting coordinator in 2002.
UT Martin.
Griffin was named head football coach at the University of Tennessee at Martin on December 10, 2002. The Skyhawks had not won a conference game in six years prior to his arrival. Under Griffin, the team improved to 4–4 in Ohio Valley Conference (OVC) play and a 6–5 overall record by his third season in 2005. This was the first winning season for the Skyhawks since 1993. Griffin was subsequently honored by the Tennessee Sports Writers Association as Tennessee's College Football Coach of the Year.
Murray State.
Griffin was named head football coach at Murray State University on December 12, 2005. In his first season, the Racers went 1–10 overall and 0–8 in OVC play. In 2007 the team minimally improved to 2–9 overall and 1–7 in conference play. Griffin's third season was his best, leading the Racers to a 5–7 overall record and a 4–4 mark in conference. In his fourth season, the Racers slipped back to 3–8 overall and 2–6 in OVC play. Following four straight losing seasons and an overall record of 11–34, the lowest winning percentage in Murray State history (.244), Griffin was fired on November 16, 2009.
Personal life.
He graduated from the University of New Hampshire in 1992 with a bachelor's degree in political science.

</doc>
<doc id="36730907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730907" title="Malayalam Braille">
Malayalam Braille

Malayalam Braille is one of the Bharati braille alphabets, and it largely conforms to the letter values of the other Bharati alphabets.
Alphabet.
The alphabet is as follows. Vowel letters are used rather than diacritics, and they occur after consonants in their spoken order. For orthographic conventions, see Bharati Braille.
There is a single pre-formed conjunct and several consonants shared with Tamil Braille,
and several syllable codas,
Punctuation.
See Bharati Braille#Punctuation.

</doc>
<doc id="36730919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730919" title="The Female Boss">
The Female Boss

The Female Boss is the debut studio album by British singer and former N-Dubz member Tulisa Contostavlos. It was released on 3 December 2012 via All Around the World and Island Records. The album's artwork was revealed on 6 October 2012 via Contostavlos's official Facebook page. "The Female Boss" originally was to be released on 26 November but was pushed back by one week. It incorporates hip hop, dance and R&B styles while enlisting a variety of producers; The-Dream, Fazer, Stereotypes, Rico Love, Diane Warren and Ed White, among others. The album features guests appearances from British rapper Wiley, American rapper Tyga and Nines. Three singles preceded the album's release; the lead single "Young" peaked at number 1 while "Live It Up" and "Sight of You" peaked within the top 20 of the UK Singles Chart.
Upon its release, "The Female Boss" has received generally negative reviews from most music critics, many critics panning the themes, intro of the album, production and some lyrical content, while some critics felt the dance songs were highlights. Commercially, the album opened with poor sales, debuting at number 35 on the UK Albums Chart and number 55 in Ireland.
Background.
Recording of the album began in July 2011 and concluded in May 2012, with the release of the lead single, the summer club party anthem, "Young". The album's second single, urban party hit "Live It Up", was released on 9 September 2012, before the ballad "Sight of You" was released on 25 November 2012 as the album's third single. Tulisa revealed that her decision to release three singles prior to the album's release was to "focus on the long-term sales of the record". "Visa" was originally recorded by N-Dubz for their third studio album, "Love.Live.Life" in 2010 but didn't make the final tracklist.
Tulisa said of the album in an interview with Digital Spy: "Having a number one album isn't important. Let me tell you something, do you know how many artists go to number one in the charts and they release on a certain week because they know that in that week they have more chance of going to number one? Then they drop out of the album charts a week later and they might have sold 100,000 when they could have sold 400,000. For me, just like with N-Dubz, I don't care about having a number one album, I care about going platinum. I care about the overall sales. What's the point in having a number one but people saying, 'She only sold 60,000 though'? I don't want that. Most people these days kind of drop the one single and then the album but that was one thing I said I would never do," she explained. "I have to put the background work in. I've got to give people a reason to buy it. I want to prove myself this year, more than ever, as a musician and as a solo artist."
Reception.
Critical response.
"The Female Boss" has received generally mixed to negative reviews from contemporary music critics. 
At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, "The Female Boss" received an average score of 35, which indicates "generally unfavorable reviews", based on 6 reviews. Robert Heller from "Metro.co.uk" awarded a sole star out of five, jokingly comparing "Freddy Krueger scratching an infinite blackboard" to the album. He criticized the album's so called "pop music" saying "Pop does not have to be like this" and "The rest continues the pound-shop Rihanna sound without the panache." Lewis Corner from "Digital Spy" was less harsh, but criticized the production with The-Dream saying "The result is an overly-considered debut that suffers from one-too-many label hook-ups for a singer who is way out of her depth." Phil Mongredien from "The Observer" awarded it two stars out of five believing her debut didn't sound promising. Amy Gravelle from "Entertainmentwise" felt that the R&B and Hip-Hop songs were main issues on the album and felt she should stick to dance music, and criticized her "cliched lyrics" and themes on the entire album. 
Philip Matusavage from "MusicOMH" awarded it a single star out of five, saying "Female Boss is more endurance test than anything else, with the strong sense of ‘will this do?’." He panned the intro and themes, calling them "hilarious" and felt "bafflement is typical of an album which has almost no identity of its own, instead sounding like a calculated effort to target certain demographic markets." "Q" gave it a mixed review, feeling the album "Struggles to get to grips with the predictably generic R&B ballads." Aneet Nijjar from Allmusic rated the album one-and-a-half stars out of five. In comparison to her former band N-Dubz, she stated they had "have bags of charisma, and most important of all, the songs" but stated the album "has neither." She found that Tulisa didn't "convince" her abilities of producing pop and urban music and criticized it for being "fleeting and insufficient", calling the album "a lamentable debut all round."
The album did receive one partially positive review: Andy Gill from "The Independent" compared Contostavlos's production to Rihanna, saying she "tries to turn adversity to her advantage, employing the incident as her own version of the familiar R&B soap-opera gambit, whereby the private life becomes the subtext," but he nevertheless felt most of the songs were bad. Many fans and public reactions have also been overwhelmingly negative, with the score on Metacritic being 2.7 out of 10 since December 2012.
Commercial response.
"The Female Boss" entered the UK Album Chart lower than its midweek position, debuting at number 35. Following this, the results became a poor effort compared to her ex-band member Dappy's performance with his debut studio album "Bad Intentions", which made the top ten at number six although it sold few copies than "The Female Boss", selling 12,000 compared to Tulisa's 15,000 start, the first for an N-Dubz ex-member. The following week the album dropped out of the Top 40, charting at number 63 with sales of 7,295.
Singles.
"Young" was released as the album's lead single on 29 April 2012. The single went straight to number one in the United Kingdom, becoming the fastest selling debut single of the year, and the third fastest selling single overall, following the release of Cheryl Cole's "Call My Name". "Live It Up" was released as the album's second single on 10 September 2012. The track was announced on 24 July, and features vocals from American rapper Tyga. Contostavlos commented on the song, saying: "This track is me going back to being me, and trying to define myself as an artist. It's even more urban than anything else i've done before". The music video was released on 24 August 2012 and the single peaked at number 11 on the UK Singles Chart.
"Sight of You" and "Live Your Life" were released as a double A-side, and the album's third single on 25 November 2012. On 11 September, Contostavlos revealed that "Sight of You" would be a "Christmassy ballad", stating "I think it's important for every artist to have that ballad that stands the test of time." "Live Your Life" (previously revealed to be "Freedom", and later re-titled) was written and produced by fellow N-Dubz musician Fazer, and is similar to her debut single, "Young". The song premiered on radio on 19 October 2012. Tulisa confirmed during an interview with KissFM that the music video would be released on 22 October. She performed the single on "The X Factor" on 2 December. The song entered the UK Singles Chart at number 18, becoming Contostavlos's lowest-charting solo single in the UK.
On 24 January 2013, Contostavlos hinted that the album campaign had finished and that no further singles would be released in order to allow her to pursue an acting career.

</doc>
<doc id="36730920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730920" title="Al Adl cemetery">
Al Adl cemetery

Al Adl cemetery ("Divine justice", Arabic: مقبره العدل) is one of the earliest and largest resting places in Mecca. It is also the second largest cemetery in the city.
History and location.
The graveyard was opened in 1926 and its size is around 50,000 square meters. The cemetery is on Majed Street in Mecca. It is near Masjid Al Haram that is located at northeast. The cemetery is also near Makkah governorate headquarters that is at east side.
Burials.
Many eminent Saudi royals were interred in the Al Adl cemetery, including Crown Prince Nayef, Prince Mansour, Prince Mishari, Prince Majid, Prince Fawwaz, Prince Sattam and Prince Abdullah Al Faisal. Sheikh Abdulaziz bin Baz and Muhammad bin Saleh Al Othaimeen were also buried in the graveyard. Additionally, the cemetery has been used as a resting place for former imams of Masjid Al Haram.

</doc>
<doc id="36730921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730921" title="Sinhalese Braille">
Sinhalese Braille

Sinhalese Braille is one of the Bharati braille alphabets. While it largely conforms to the letter values of other Bharati alphabets, it diverges in the values of the letters assigned toward the end of those alphabets.
Alphabet.
Although Sinhalese Braille was adopted from Bharati Braille, several letters toward the end of the Bharati alphabet (in the row of 'extra' letters) have been reassigned in Sinhalese: (Bharati ') is used for Sinhalese ඥ ' (Sanskrit '), (Bharati ') for Sinhalese ඵ ', (Bharati ') for Sinhalese ඇ ', (Bharati ') for Sinhalese ඈ ', and (Bharati ') for Sinhalese ණ "".
In addition, the pairs of letters ' and ' have interchanged braille values from what one would expect from other Bharati alphabets, and the syllable codas (last row below) are mostly innovative. Punctuation and the digits, however, are as in the rest of Bharati braille. Also as in other Bharati alphabets, letters rather than diacritics are used for vowels, and they occur after consonants in their spoken order. 
Punctuation.
See Bharati Braille#Punctuation. 

</doc>
<doc id="36730930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730930" title="William J.J. Chase">
William J.J. Chase

William J.J. Chase was an American architect of Atlanta, Georgia.
A number of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Works include (with attribution as given in source):

</doc>
<doc id="36730939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730939" title="Erik Severin">
Erik Severin

Erik Severin (1879–1942) was a Swedish curler. He was born in Stockholm. He won a silver medal at the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix.

</doc>
<doc id="36730943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730943" title="Devanagari Braille">
Devanagari Braille

Similar braille conventions are used for three languages of India and Nepal that in print are written in Devanagari script: Standard Hindi, Marathi, and Nepali. These are part of a family of related braille alphabets known as Bharati Braille. There are apparently some differences between the Nepali braille alphabet of India and that of Nepal.
System.
Although basically alphabetic, Devanagari Braille retains one aspect of Indian abugidas, in that the default vowel "a" is not written unless it occurs at the beginning of a word or before a vowel. For example, braille (the consonant "K") renders print क "ka", and braille ("TH"), print थ "tha". To indicate that a consonant is not followed by a vowel (as when followed by another consonant, or at the end of a syllable), a "halant" (vowel-cancelling) prefix is used: ("∅–K") is क् "k", and ("∅–TH") is थ् "th". (When writing in Hindi, the "halant" is generally omitted at the end of a word, following the convention in print.) However, unlike in an abugida, there are no vowel diacritics in Devanagari Braille: Vowels are written with full letters following the consonant regardless of their order in print. For example, in print the vowel "i" is prefixed to a consonant in a reduced diacritic form, कि "ki", but in braille it follows in its full form: ("K–I"), equivalent to writing for "ki" in print. Thus क्लिक "klika" is written in braille as ("∅–K–L–I–K"). The one time when a non-initial "a" is written in braille is when it is followed by another vowel. In this environment the "a" must be written to indicate that it exists, as otherwise the subsequent vowel will be read as following the consonant immediately. Thus a true "kai" in print is rendered in braille as ("K–A–I").
Apart from ' and ', which each have their own braille letter, Devanagari Braille does not handle conjuncts. Print conjuncts are rendered instead with the "halant" in braille. Devanagari braille is thus equivalent to Grade-1 English braille, though there are plans to extend it to conjuncts.
Alphabet.
Not all of the letters used for Sanskrit are reported for Nepali in Nepal.
Pointing.
The Bharati point, , is used to derive the syllabic consonants. Long syllabic consonants are prefixed by point-6, which also transcribes the visarga.
The pointing diacritic is also used for consonants that are derived with a point in print. Most of these consonants were introduced from Persian:
There are irregularities, however. फ़ ' and ज़ ', which are found in both Persian and English loans, are transcribed with English Braille (and international) and , as shown in the chart in the previous section, while the internal allophonic developments of ड़ ' and ढ़ ' are respectively an independent letter in braille and a derivation from that letter rather than from the base letter in print.
This is also where, at least according to Unesco (2013), Hindi Braille and Indian Urdu Braille diverge. Urdu Braille (see) has several additional derivations along these lines, which are not possible in print Devanagari. In Urdu Braille, and are assigned their English/international values of ' and ', replacing and . Also, ' is used for ح ', and (not found in Devanagari Braille) is used for ع "", a role played by the letter अ in Devanagari Urdu but not found in Hindi.
Nepali punctuation.
Braille as used in Nepal has some mostly minor differences from that used for Nepali in India. This may extend to punctuation. The asterisk in Nepal, , differs from the used in India, unless this is a copy error in Unesco (2013). Single quotation marks and additional brackets are noted for Nepal but not for India:
These differ from the same punctuation in Bangladesh.
Text.
The following is the sample text in the Hindi article, of the Article 1 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights:

</doc>
<doc id="36730952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730952" title="FT Braunschweig">
FT Braunschweig

Freie Turnerschaft Braunschweig, commonly known as Freie Turner, FT Braunschweig or simply FTB, is a German association football and sports club based in Braunschweig, Lower Saxony.
History.
The club was founded as a worker's sports club on September 2, 1903. In 1913, the club was declared a leftist political organization by the authorities of the German Empire and dissolved. A new club, "Neue Freie Turnerschaft Braunschweig", was formed shortly after. The Neue Freie Turnerschaft had to disband again in 1933 because of financial problems, caused by the construction of a new stadium for the club. Its successor "Freier Sportverein Braunschweig" was formed in January 1933, but shortly after, in March 1933, banned as a socialist club by the new Nazi government. The club was refounded after World War II under its original name.
In 1952 the club was promoted into the second tier Amateuroberliga Niedersachsen-Ost. The stint proved short and FTB were relegated again after two seasons in 1954, spending the next 20 years at the 3rd or 4th level of German football, before slipping down as far as the 7th division during the 1980s and 90s. The club finally returned to the Niedersachsenliga in 2000, now the 5th tier. Here the club usually finished in the upper half of the table, but narrowly missed the qualification for the new single-division "Niedersachsenliga" in 2010. After three seasons in the 6th tier Landesliga Braunschweig, the club returned to the Oberliga in 2013.
On 21 April 2014 the "Turner" reached the final of the Lower Saxony Cup, which also secured FT Braunschweig's qualification for the 2014–15 DFB-Pokal - the club's first ever participation in the main rounds of Germany's national cup competition. The semi-final, played in front of 6,350 spectators at Eintracht Braunschweig's Eintracht-Stadion, was won 1–0 against VfB Oldenburg.
In the 2013–14 Oberliga season, the newly promoted side finished second, qualifiying for the promotion play-offs into the Regionalliga Nord. In the play-off round, FT Braunschweig finished second behind VfB Lübeck, thus gaining their first promotion into the Regionalliga.
Other sports.
As a multi sports club FT Braunschweig also has departments for badminton, basketball, gymnastics, nordic walking, table tennis, and volleyball. In 1978 the club's basketball section entered into a cooperation with MTV Braunschweig to form SG Braunschweig, the predecessor of Basketball Bundesliga team Basketball Löwen Braunschweig.

</doc>
<doc id="36730960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730960" title="Uncle Salty (song)">
Uncle Salty (song)

"Uncle Salty" is a song by American hard-rock band, Aerosmith on their third album, "Toys in the Attic". "Uncle Salty" was written by lead-singer, Steven Tyler and bassist, Tom Hamilton, Hamilton's first writing contribution. The song is the B-Side to the massive hit, "Sweet Emotion", also co-written by Hamilton.
Background.
"Uncle Salty" is a song about a neglected and abused girl. Her mother is a prostitute ("Soon she found her mother's love for all the others"), her father is a criminal ("Daddy he was busted"), and her uncle ("Uncle Salty") takes care of her ("Left her to be trusted 'till the orphan bleeds"). The little girl, once she's old enough to make her own decisions, goes into prostitution herself, most likely to try and feel loved and is sung from the perspective of the young girl. 
Live performance.
The song in its entirety has only been played a few times, but a piece of it was played before Sweet Emotion at some dates.

</doc>
<doc id="36730963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730963" title="Jörg Tscherner">
Jörg Tscherner

Jörg Tscherner (born 14 August 1947) is a German modern pentathlete. He competed for East Germany at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36730983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730983" title="Karl Wahlberg">
Karl Wahlberg

Karl Wahlberg (1874–1934) was a Swedish curler. He was born in Stockholm. He won a silver medal at the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix.

</doc>
<doc id="36730995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730995" title="Mandela Barnes">
Mandela Barnes

Mandela Barnes (born December 1, 1986) is an American community organizer from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who defeated Jason Fields, an incumbent member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, in the Democratic Party primary election of August, 2012. Barnes was considered the presumptive winner, since there was no opposition candidate filed against him for the November general election. He received 16,403 votes to 201 scattered votes for others in the November election.
Background.
Barnes was born in Milwaukee on December 1, 1986, the son of a public school teacher and a United Auto Workers member. He attended Milwaukee Public Schools, including John Marshall High School; and graduated from Alabama A & M University. He worked for various political campaigns, and in the office of Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett; and eventually became an organizer for M.I.C.A.H., a Milwaukee-based interfaith coalition that advocates social justice.
Assembly race.
Barnes' campaign made major issues of Fields' support for the school voucher program, and Fields’ opposition to limiting interest rates charged by payday loan companies, whose charges can exceed a 500% annual percentage rate. His win was seen as a loss for the pro-voucher American Federation for Children, which pumped over $100,000 into primaries in greater Milwaukee to support candidates, none of whom won.

</doc>
<doc id="36730996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36730996" title="Season Ticket Basketball 2003">
Season Ticket Basketball 2003

Season Ticket Basketball 2003 is a basketball management simulation video game developed by Out of the Park and published by Infogrames.
Gameplay.
Contrary to many sports video games, where the player controls athletes who compete in the sport, "Season Ticket Basketball 2003" puts the player in the role of the franchise owner. The sport itself is not played, but rather, aspects of the business side of the sport are decided upon. The game allowed the player to run as many franchises as desired for an indefinite number of seasons as well as the importing of images into the game as team logos. Also, the game allowed multiple saved leagues at once and its season process included an all-star game, a draft, and a playoff for the league championship. Along with the various customization options provided to the player, there is an exhibition game mode where the player can go against the computer or simulate a game without actually witnessing the game unfold on-screen.
Reception.
The game received a score of 8.1 from GameSpot, concluding that "Few games of this type are so fulfilling, so lovingly designed with a real appreciation for both the sport in question and for sensible user interfaces. Solid play, authentic number crunching, dedication to the fine details, and online league support make this one of the best sports management titles on the market."

</doc>
<doc id="36731000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731000" title="Karl-Heinz Kutschke">
Karl-Heinz Kutschke

Karl-Heinz Kutschke (born 18 March 1940) is a retired East German modern pentathlete and swimmer. He started his career as a swimmer, winning three national titles in the 1500 m and 4×200 m freestyle events and being selected as a reserve for the 1960 Summer Olympics. He then changed to pentathlon and won three national titles in 1965, 1967 and 1968. He competed in pentathlon at the 1968 Summer Olympics and finished fourth individually and sixth with the East German team. 

</doc>
<doc id="36731011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731011" title="Rhapsody of Blood">
Rhapsody of Blood

Rituals: Rhapsody of Blood is a 2012 fantasy novel by Roz Kaveney, released by Plus One Press. The book is the first entry in a four part series, with the second entry expected to release in 2013. Of the novel, Kaveney stated that the book was "my way of exploring how it would be not to make all the compromises I actually made in the 90s". 
Plot summary.
Mara the Huntress, a goddess who has at various times inspired the legend of Artemis and other warrior goddesses, is dedicated to destroying anyone who uses the "Rituals of Blood" to become a god by mass murder. The first volume of the novel describes some of her adventures in different eras, as related to Alistair Crowley, and the adventures of Emma, a survivor of one of the rituals Mara has disrupted, accompanied by her ghostly lover Caroline.
Reception.
Reception for the book was mostly positive, gaining positive reviews from Strange Horizons and Tor.com.

</doc>
<doc id="36731018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731018" title="William Bowie">
William Bowie

William Bowie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36731025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731025" title="Carl Axel Pettersson">
Carl Axel Pettersson

Carl Axel Pettersson (1874–1962) was a Swedish curler. He was born in Mönsterås. He won a silver medal at the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix.

</doc>
<doc id="36731040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731040" title="Pinkerton Lecture">
Pinkerton Lecture

The Pinkerton lecture series is held by the Institution of Engineering and Technology in commemoration and honour of John Pinkerton, the pivotal engineer who was involved with designing the UK's first business computer in 1951. The first lecture was held in 2000 and the event has taken place every year since then.

</doc>
<doc id="36731041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731041" title="Sporting Giants">
Sporting Giants

Sporting Giants was a scheme launched by Sir Steven Redgrave on behalf of UK Sport in February 2007 to identify young people with the potential to display talent in sports such as handball, rowing and volleyball. Because tallness is considered a possible advantage in those sports a minimum height of 6’ 3” (190 cm) for men and 5’11 (180 cm) for women was specified. An age requirement of 16 to 25 was set and an athletic background was also sought. 4,800 applications were received for the scheme, 3,854 of which met the eligibility criteria.
2012 Summer Olympic Games.
Ten participants in the scheme were members of Team GB at the 2012 Summer Olympics and two of them were medal winners. Helen Glover was awarded gold in the women's coxless pairs rowing. She was a cross country runner, swimmer, hockey and tennis player but had no rowing experience prior joining the scheme in 2008. Victoria Thornley was awarded a bronze medal as a member of the women's eight rowing crew. Four male and two female participants in the scheme were members of the first handball teams ever fielded by the UK at an Olympic Games. The men's team included Bobby White, the team captain, who was a semi professional footballer before he applied. The teams lost all the matches in their groups, the men's team being defeated 44-15 in their opening match against France.

</doc>
<doc id="36731055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731055" title="Khaluun elgen nutag">
Khaluun elgen nutag

Khaluun elgen nutag () is a popular Mongolian patriotic song. The words were written by Jamtsyn Bayaraa and the music was composed by Tsegmidiin Namsraijav.
A monument showing the lyrics was dedicated to the song in front of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Ulaanbaatar.

</doc>
<doc id="36731058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731058" title="Wilbur Fisk Lunt">
Wilbur Fisk Lunt

Wilbur Fisk Lunt (1848 - May 28, 1908) was a Member of the Board of General Appraisers.
Biography.
Lunt was born in 1848 in Maine. He served in the First Maine Cavalry of the United States Army from 1863 to 1865. He served as assistant United States Attorney for the District of Maine from 1881 to 1885.
Federal Judicial Service.
On January 21, 1891, President Harrison nominated Lunt to serve as a Member of the Board of General Appraisers, to the seat vacated by Joseph Lewis Stackpole. He was confirmed by the Senate on January 27, 1891 and received his commission the following day. He served on the board until his death and was succeeded by Roy Chamberlain.
Death.
Lunt died on May 28, 1908, in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="36731072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731072" title="CapLinked">
CapLinked

CapLinked is an online business transaction and project management application developed in the United States. The company’s SaaS platform includes tools for document management, similar to a Virtual Data Room, messaging, updates, and business intelligence tools.
Company history.
CapLinked was founded in 2010 by Eric Jackson, former Vice President of Marketing at PayPal and author of The PayPal Wars, and Christopher Grey, founder of Crestridge Investors and former managing director at Emigrant Bank. The company’s investors include PayPal co-founder Peter Thiel, Palantir Technologies founder Joe Lonsdale, 500 Startups partner Dave McClure, Sonos CFO Aman Verjee, and 7th Rig managing partner David Anderson. Since its launch the company has been profiled in several publications, including Forbes, GigaOm, and the Wall Street Journal. The firm currently operates out of Manhattan Beach, California.
Product overview.
CapLinked provides a platform for various types of business deals such as capital raises, private placements, M&A, and investor reporting. Tools to help with these deals include online Workspaces for document storage and sharing, activity and audit tracking, and a messaging platform for Investor Relations and CRM. As of August 2012, over 100,000 members had managed over $20 Billion using the site.

</doc>
<doc id="36731074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731074" title="Haplorchis">
Haplorchis

Haplorchis is a genus of intestinal flukes in the family Heterophyidae.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="36731079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731079" title="Dummies Theatre">
Dummies Theatre

Dummies Theatre is a Canadian experimental and interdisciplinary contemporary theatre company known for creating free site-specific works and daring productions in vacant stores located in Montreal during the 1990s and into the following decade.
History.
The group was founded in April, 1992 by actors Anna Papadakos, Carlo Alacchi, filmmaker Pascal Maeder and soundman Dave Ballard for the production of the original play "Dummies in the Window". The production took place in the vacant store below Papadakos's apartment on Montreal's Boulevard Saint-Laurent. The actors commissioned installation artist Pierre Allard to create a storefront display. While the artist was setting up, a falling dummy shattered the glass window and crashed on the sidewalk, missing Montreal Gazette's reporter Albert Nerenberg by only a few feet. Nerenberg wrote an article about the incident that prompted the group to use the term "Dummies" in their play title and Theatre name. With no money to promote the show and a strong creative intention to build a "street theatre environment" by behaving like "barkers", the actors stood in front of the before the performances to lure passers-by. The popularity and success of the initial two-week run allowed for an extension of two weeks.
Papadakos, who took on the role of Artistic Director in addition to writing and directing the shows, was motivated by the show's success and a desire to create a "conscious" theatre. She launched a financing drive and caught the attention of Canadian philanthropist, Phyllis Lambert, who saw it as a way to rejuvenate neighborhoods through art. With the assistance of The Samuel and Saidye Bronfman Family Foundation (who was launching its Urban Issues Program of which Dummies Theatre was one of the seven recipients out of three hundred Canadian applicants) and various other sources including the CALQ, the newly formed theatre company raised enough funds to produce a second play, "Return of the Dummies", the following year in a bigger vacant store a few doors up the street. In the fall of 1995, the group completed its trilogy on immigrants with "Dummies 95" in yet another empty store on the Boulevard Saint-Laurent.
In 1996, the group created "Go Weast", the first of three pieces on alienation. As the early 1990s recession was ending in Montreal, empty stores filled with new businesses and the group rented the second floor of a newly moved grocery store - Segal's Supermarket located at 3997 boulevard St. Laurent, which later became the home of Mainline Theatre. "Go Weast's "success and subject matter along with its stunning dream-like 16mm original footage of visuals of Canada and Canadians attracted the attention of Marie-Helen Falcon of "Festival de Théâtre des Amériques" making Dummies Theatre the first English Theatre company from Québec to be invited to partake in the international event. The play "Medea in the Media" followed in 1998 and was performed in the same space, which had become the company's permanent home. In 2000, the group produced its last creation before disbanding, "Dummies in the Mirror". This was an introspective piece that used the lighting technician (Cuban Artist - Ramon Luis Perez who came with a special project visa) as a third actor with a wired console providing the only illumination.
Content, experimentation and form.
Immigrant identity, culture shock and tensions, relationships with the self and the other, alienation and identity in general were the main themes of the Dummies. The sets were primarily minimalist using surveillance cameras, video and original 16mm black-and-white footage projected through windows or reflected through mirrors, props and found objects.

</doc>
<doc id="36731095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731095" title="Elizabeth Etienne">
Elizabeth Etienne

Elizabeth Etienne ( ) is an American Photographer. Etienne's images are part of the permanent collection at the Museum Of Modern Photography.
Education.
Etienne is a graduate of the Brooks Institute of Photography in Santa Barbara, California.
Career.
Etienne is a photographic educator. She currently serves on the Kodak advisory board. She has a consulting business. 
Etienne was featured on several online photography blogs.
Books.
Etienne wrote three photography books:
Her work was included in several books including “The Art of Posing”, and “Thru The Lens”.
Awards.
Etienne was the winner of several awards and photo competitions including, Vermont Photo Space’s Wedding Story, PDN’s Top Knots Wedding Photography contest, WeddingPublicist.com "Excellence in Wedding Photography".

</doc>
<doc id="36731111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731111" title="Henri Cournollet">
Henri Cournollet

Fernand Henri Jean Cournollet (1882–1971) was a French curler. He was born in Villers-sur-Mer. He won a bronze medal at the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix.

</doc>
<doc id="36731115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731115" title="Manly Art Gallery and Museum">
Manly Art Gallery and Museum

The Manly Art Gallery and Museum (MAGAM), located in Manly, New South Wales, Australia, was the first metropolitan-based regional gallery in New South Wales and holds an extensive collection of Australian ceramics and 130 works by Antonio Dattilo Rubbo. Since 1982, MAGAM has also been a museum of beach culture and the history of Manly and the Northern Beaches. The permanent collection numbers over 6,000 objects in a range of media including paintings, works on paper, ceramics and museum objects, documents and photographs.
History.
Manly Art Gallery and Museum is the oldest metropolitan purpose-built regional gallery in NSW having been established on its present site in West Esplanade in 1930. The first committee of the Manly Art Gallery was appointed in 1924 and included Antonio Dattilo-Rubbo, Percy Nolan, Charles Bryant, Herbert Marriner, Hermon Slade, Henry Forsyth and Percy Gledhill and the collection was initially housed in the Town Hall. The present building was formerly an outdoor concert pavilion opened in 1922 and its adaptive re-use was made possible with the closure of the proscenium arch. The Newly adapted building was opened by the Chief Justice of New South Wales Sir Phillip Street. At the time of the building opening the collection already housed 200 exhibits including 79 paintings and 62 historical photographs. In March 1939, Antonio Dattilo Rubbo presented 100 works to the young gallery including his own paintings, works on paper, watercolours and etchings. This donation included works by W. Lister Lister, Harold Septimus Power, John Seymour Lucas and Grace Cossington Smith. An annex to house this collection was opened in 1940, and is known as the Dattilo-Rubbo Room, and on his death he bequeathed more of his paintings and £500 to the gallery. P S Garling donated 55 paintings in 1947, including works by George Washington Lambert and William Piguenit. In 1966, during the chairmanship of Keith Jones, the gallery was extended with an additional gallery, a storeroom, a new ceiling, a new entrance through the Rubbo annexe and improved lighting. Many works were acquired for the gallery through the Manly Art Prize (1962–1984). In 1968 Clarice Thomas held the first ceramic exhibition and a major bequest by Lady Askin in 1984 has made the ongoing display of these works possible. In 1981, Clarice Thomas was appointed full-time Director of the gallery after acting as Honorary Director for some fourteen years and a grant was received from the NSW Ministry for the Arts contributing towards the cost of building a museum to adjoin the gallery. These additions and renovations provided a new entrance and reception and the Dattillo Rubbo Room was doubled in size. After reopening in 1982 the name became Manly Art Gallery & Museum.
Directors.
Joint Gallery & Museum Director since 1983:
Collection.
The collection includes contemporary and early Australian and contains over 1,000 watercolours, prints, etchings, drawings and paintings. There are also some international artists in the collection. Many works were donated by artists including Margaret Preston, Thea Proctor, Will Ashton and Lloyd Rees. In 1930, Colonel Alfred Spain presented Tom Roberts’s 1899 work "The Flower Sellers" to the collection. Since 1945 MAGAM has been collecting ceramics through an active acquisitions program and by donation and now has approximately 350 works. They are displayed on rotation in the Lady Askin Ceramics Room, including works by Peter Rushforth, Ivan Englund, Janet Mansfield and Gwyn Hanssen Piggott. Over 1300 items of swimwear are held in the collection representing changes in fabric technology, fashion and social attitudes.

</doc>
<doc id="36731133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731133" title="Take Our Kids to Work">
Take Our Kids to Work

Take Our Kids to Work started as an annual one-day career exploration event for Grade 9 students in the Greater Toronto area. Today, it is a national program involving more than 250,000 young people across Canada every year. The program was founded by The Learning Partnership in 1994.
The program helps students begin planning their future career path by helping them better understand the world of work. On the first Wednesday in November, students spend the day at the workplace of a parent, relative or family friend learning basic workplace skills. 
Running in conjunction with Take Our Kids to Work is Canada’s Outstanding Employer Awards that annually recognizes 10 companies for their commitment to young people and the Take Our Kids to Work program.
The most recent Take Our Kids To Work day was held on November 6, 2013.
History.
Founded in 1994 by The Learning Partnership, Take our Kids to Work was loosely related to the U.S. Take Your Daughter to Work Day founded the year prior. Unlike the American version, Take Our Kids to Work day was for both genders and focuses on Grade 9 students.

</doc>
<doc id="36731140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731140" title="Geriatric fellowship">
Geriatric fellowship

Following completion of medical school, physicians partake in a residency program, working in the specialty field in which they will practice in the future. Upon completion of residency training, doctors can either apply for a position as an attending physician in their field of residency training or continue on to subspecialty training via a fellowship in their subspecialty of choice. A physician looking to practice in the geriatric or long-term care field participates in a Geriatric fellowship accredited by the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education. Geriatric medicine is categorized under Family medicine and Internal medicine. During their fellowship physicians are trained in many clinical, research, and administrative areas.
Programs for Geriatric Fellows.
Many associations offer geriatric residents and fellows educational, career and networking opportunities. 

</doc>
<doc id="36731146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731146" title="Seppo Aho">
Seppo Aho

Seppo Aho (born 7 March 1944) is a Finnish modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36731149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731149" title="Seattle Black Panther Party History and Memory Project">
Seattle Black Panther Party History and Memory Project

The Black Panther Party History and Memory Project is a multimedia effort to chronicle the Seattle chapter of the Black Panther Party. Founded in 1968, the Seattle Chapter was one of the first to be formed outside Oakland and became one of longest lived bases of the Party. The Project is the largest online collection of materials about any branch of the organization. The materials include detailed video oral histories, historical documents and photographs and the complete transcript of a 1970 Congressional Hearing held on the Seattle Chapter. The Project is an initiative of the Seattle Civil Rights and Labor History Project at the University of Washington.
Content.
An original essay details the height of the Seattle Chapter, between 1968 and 1970, from its formation by Black Student Union members to a narrowly averted raid on Party headquarters. This is accompanied by more than 100 digitized newspaper articles that appeared between 1968 and 1979, recollections of members and former Seattle Mayor Wes Uhlman, rare personal photograph collections, and copies of the Chapter’s newspaper. Like other sections of the Seattle Civil Rights and Labor History Project, the site contains model lesson plans for middle school and high school teachers using the available materials. 

</doc>
<doc id="36731150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731150" title="Gërçe Memorandum">
Gërçe Memorandum

The Gërçe Memorandum () was a group of twelve requests for the establishment of an autonomous Albanian province within the Ottoman Empire. The Memorandum was jointly written by Ismail Kemal bey Vlora and Luigj Gurakuqi.
The leaders of the Albanian Revolt of 1911 organized a meeting in a village in Montenegro (Gerče) on 23 June. Ismail Qemali, joined them and together they draw up "Gerče Memorandum" (sometimes referred to as "Red Book" because of the color of its covers ) which addressed their requests both to Ottoman Empire and Europe (in particular to the Great Britain). This memorandum was signed by 22 Albanian chieftains, four from each tribe of Hoti, Grudë and Skrijelj, five from Kastrati, three from Kelmend and two from Shalë.
Requests of memorandum included:

</doc>
<doc id="36731170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731170" title="Knoll Aircraft Company">
Knoll Aircraft Company

Knoll Aircraft Company was an American aircraft manufacturer based in Wichita, Kansas.
Design and Development.
The Knoll Aircraft Corporation received its state charter on October 10, 1928. Felix Knoll, formerly of The Rohrbach Metal Aeroplane Company (Germany) and later the Chief Engineer of the Heinkel Aircraft Company, immigrated to the United States from Germany for better opportunities. Within weeks of being in the country, Wichita business leaders recruited Felix to come to Wichita and start a company of his own. Engineering work, stress calculations, and drawings for the first model, the KN-1, were completed in Room 623 of the Broadview Hotel. Felix and Herbert Schwenke; another German immigrant from The Rohrbach Metal Aeroplane Company, worked on the plans together.
George Siedhoff, who owned and built the Broadview Hotel where the KN-1 was designed, was selected to build a new 50,000 square foot factory on a 148 acre tract of land at the northeast corner of Kellogg and Webb Road. The building featured two stories, a mezzanine area, clear story windows, and adjacent runway. Assets such as machinery, tools, and equipment were purchased from the bankruptcy of Laird Whippoorwill Airplane Company. The company set up a temporary shop at 471 W 1st street in the former building of both the Travel Air Company and Laird Whippoorwill. By the end of December, 1928, the first airplane was ready to fly.
Over five hundred spectators gathered around the East Airport to watch the KN-1 first flight. Amongst the crowd were Lloyd Stearman, Walter Beech, reporters, and motion picture cameramen. The December 30, 1928 first test flight was so successful that pilot Howard Jones chose to double the planned time and stayed in the air for thirty minutes. He took the airplane through loops, rolls, and power dives.
The KN-2 and KN-3 models shared the common airframe of the KN-1, though they were upgraded with more powerful 300 and 425 horsepower engines. The KN-3 also had an open-place cockpit in back of the cabin, allowing the seating of one additional passenger inside. Art Goebel, a pilot famous for winning the 1928 Dole Air Race from San Diego to Hawaii, was to have a larger custom built KN-4 to race around the world.
Operational History.
On June 12, 1929, test-pilot Russell Dick flying the Knoll KN-3, beat the US Army’s Lieutenant Walker piloting a Thomas-Morse pursuit plane in a race performing at the Wichita Air Show. On June 21 he performed again at the Aerial Wedding of Kansas, Oklahoma, Missouri, and Texas. He did steep power dives from 3000 feet to 100 feet, thrilling the crowds and demonstrating the strength of the airframe.
The first and fourth aircraft produced were purchased by Mexican interests at a time of civil war. The delivery of the aircraft were later held up by political and registration issues en route. In June 1929 new issues of Stock were released.
Closing.
By July 1929 the company was not paying its bills. The company assets were found to be embezzled soon afterward. Demand for new aircraft in the summer of 1929 was softening. Arguments between the board of directors and management broke out over the necessity of building the new factory, the hiring of too many engineers, and also the Yunker contract work. Payment for the Yunker work was to have been stock in the Yunker Aircraft Company. The lack of funds, and sales combined with the depression, halted production with three new aircraft in development. The company was placed into receivership on August 26, 1929, under the management of Ray Theis.
On December 18, 1929, the assets were liquidated at auction. Roy Buckley purchased the manufacturing machinery and equipment. He would later found the Buckley Aircraft Company. George Siedhoff purchased uncompleted airframe sections and parts, as well as the rights to X8899. C.V. Snyder bought the new plant and grounds. The Yellow Air Cab Company, in turn, bought it in late 1930. The airport property was then purchased by Beechcraft in 1940 and became their Plant II.

</doc>
<doc id="36731174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731174" title="Armand Bénédic">
Armand Bénédic

Armand Bénédic (1875–1962) was a French curler. He was born in Paris. He won a bronze medal at the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix.

</doc>
<doc id="36731179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731179" title="Haplorchis taichui">
Haplorchis taichui

Haplorchis taichui is a species of intestinal flukes in the genus "Haplorchis". It is a human parasite found in the Philippines.
Oxyresveratrol, a stilbenoid found in extracts of "Artocarpus lakoocha" is effective against "H. taichui".

</doc>
<doc id="36731182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731182" title="Miloš Rnić">
Miloš Rnić

Miloš Rnić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Рнић ;born 24 January 1989 in Belgrade) is a Serbian footballer, currently playing for Belarusian Premier League club Minsk.
Career.
Miloš Rnić, born in Belgrade, began his career in his native Serbia playing for FK Radnički Nova Pazova. He playd in FK Radnički Nova Pazova in five season. In 2012, he moved to Novi Pazar playing in the Serbian SuperLiga. He made his debut in Serbian SuperLiga playing against FK Radnički Niš.
Personal life.
Milos Rnic married Eta Veljic his girlfriend of 3 years on June 2 2013, in his hometown Nova Pazova, Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="36731186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731186" title="Canwell Committee">
Canwell Committee

The Interim Committee on Un-American Activities, most commonly known as the Canwell Committee, (1947-1949) was a special investigative committee of the Washington State Legislature which in 1948 investigated the influence of the Communist Party USA in Washington state. Named after its chairman, Albert F. Canwell, the committee concentrated upon communist influence in the Washington Commonwealth Federation and its relationship to the Democratic Party in Washington, as well alleged Communist Party membership of certain faculty members at the University of Washington in Seattle.
The Canwell Committee is remembered as one of a number of state-level investigative committees patterned after the House Committee on Un-American Activities (HUAC) of the United States Congress. The committee ultimately published two printed volumes collecting the testimony of witnesses before it. The committee was terminated by the Washington legislature in 1949, following the electoral defeat of its chairman and several of its members in the elections of 1948.
Institutional history.
Background.
Becoming a state only in November 1889, Washington was a relative latecomer into the United States of America. As was the case in Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, and the Dakota Territory, an indigenous frontier radicalism was prevalent in the state, making the Socialist Party of Washington one of the largest state affiliates of the Socialist Party of America on a per capita basis of the pre-World War I progressive era. Seattle had been the site of a General Strike in February 1919 which had captivated the attention of the nation.
Although the Socialist Party of Washington was shattered organizationally by the Socialist-Communist split of 1919, strong radical sentiment remained among many in the state. Washington had proven hospitable to the Farmer-Labor Party in the election of 1920 and to the independent campaign of Robert M. LaFollette in 1924 and this tendency only deepened with the onset of the Great Depression of the 1930s. The state's continued left-of-center political climate provided fodder for Postmaster General James Farley to jest about the USA consisting of "forty-seven states and the Soviet of Washington."
In 1935 there emerged an organization of liberals and social democratic supporters of the New Deal policies of President Franklin D. Roosevelt called the Commonwealth Builders. Launched by up-and-coming radio political commentator Howard Costigan the group was expanded at a 1936 convention to form the Washington Commonwealth Federation (WCF), attempting to replicate the growing success of the socialist Cooperative Commonwealth Federation of Canada. 
Although initially opposed by the Communist Party USA, with the emergence of the Comintern's tactic of the Popular Front — mandating efforts by communists around the world to engage in common efforts with liberals and social democrats against the growing global menace of fascism — the WCF came to be seen as an ideal target for communist participation and control. Executive Secretary Costigan was won over as a secret member of the Communist Party late in 1936 and communists began dedicated activity in the organization.
Establishment.
The Interim Committee on Un-American Activities of the Washington State Legislature was established on the last day of the 1947 legislative session. The resolution which created the committee directed it to "investigate the activities of groups and organizations whose membership includes persons who are Communists, or any other organization known or suspected to be dominated or controlled by a foreign power."
The Interim Committee included members of both the Washington House of Representatives and the State Senate. Five of the seven members of the committee were members of the Republican Party and of the two Democrats named, one was a member of the American Legion of decidedly conservative bent. Only one liberal Democrat, Representative George F. Yantis, was appointed by Speaker of the House Herb Hamblen as a partial ideological counterbalance but Yantis died in December 1947, before the committee began to conduct its public hearings.
The Interim Committee was immediately known as the Canwell Committee after the name of its chairman, first term Representative Albert F. Canwell. By occupation Canwell was a deputy sheriff from Spokane, located in the more conservative Eastern part of the state. Canwell had personally been concerned with the matter of communism in Washington since a prominent 1934 waterfront strike and he dove into his job with prosecutorial zeal, first obtaining files of people and groups of interest in the state from friendly members of the House Committee on Un-American Activities in Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="36731192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731192" title="Church of Holy Trinity, Minsk">
Church of Holy Trinity, Minsk

Church of Holy Trinity () also known as St. Roch on the Golden Hill is a Roman Catholic church in Minsk.
In the 1930s, the church was closed and the valuables removed by the Soviet authorities. Renovation of the church started in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="36731196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731196" title="Dean Snedker">
Dean Snedker

Dean Snedker (born 17 November 1994) is an English footballer who is a reserve goalkeeper for Northampton Town.
Career.
Born in Northampton, Snedker started a two-year scholarship with Northampton Town in July 2011. His professional debut for Northampton came on 14 August 2012, in a 2–1 victory over Cardiff City in the Football League Cup. He since then has been sub, with Lee Nicholls taking number 1. in 2013 he was spotted by England and played the last 1 minute plus stoppage time of the U19 England V Denmark. He was then not picked by England for the second second match.

</doc>
<doc id="36731201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731201" title="Vatroslav Petrinović">
Vatroslav Petrinović

Vatroslav Petrinović (born 13 April 1959) is a retired Croatian football defender, who played at the end of the 1970s and during the 1980s for Hajduk, Iskra, Admira, Budućnost Titograd, Šibenik and Olimpija. While playing for Hajduk he scored a goal in the UEFA Cup match against Metz played on 18 September 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="36731214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731214" title="Moon Young-hui">
Moon Young-hui

Moon Young-hui (born 19 June 1983) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Korea women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731218" title="List of Finnish lawyers">
List of Finnish lawyers

A list of notable Finnish lawyers:

</doc>
<doc id="36731221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731221" title="Kim Young-ran">
Kim Young-ran

Kim Young-Ran (born 1 August 1985) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Korea women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731225" title="Cha Se-na">
Cha Se-na

Cha Se-Na (born 15 May 1986) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Korea women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731230" title="Pierre Canivet">
Pierre Canivet

Pierre Canivet (1890–1982) was a French curler. He was born in Paris. He won a bronze medal with the French team at the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix.

</doc>
<doc id="36731235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731235" title="Yugoslavia at the 1991 Mediterranean Games">
Yugoslavia at the 1991 Mediterranean Games

Yugoslavia competed at the 1991 Mediterranean Games held in Athens, Greece. This was the last games for the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="36731236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731236" title="Umbrella effect">
Umbrella effect

Umbrella effect may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36731245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731245" title="Sadia Khan">
Sadia Khan

Sadia Khan is a Pakistani model and actress. She is known for her role in Khuda Aur Muhabbat as "Imaan" along with Imran Abbas Naqvi who plays the character of "Hammad". Khan has also starred in Yariyan, a Geo TV drama. Khan has also starred in 2013 film "Devar Bhabhi" opposite Sami Khan, Saud and Saima Noor which will be release in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36731248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731248" title="William Bowie (agrarian)">
William Bowie (agrarian)

William Bowie (January 29, 1776 – 1826) was an agrarian and delegate to the state convention to charter the Chesapeake & Ohio Canal.
Born at "Locust Grove" in Prince George's County, Maryland on January 29, 1776 to Walter Bowie and Mary (Brooks) Bowie, William Bowie was the only member of his family who did not engage in politics. He was appointed Justice of the Peace from 1808 to 1810 and became a member of the Levy Court in 1820.
In 1825, Bowie was selected by Joseph Kent, governor of Maryland at that time, to be a delegate to the state convention to charter the Chesapeake & Ohio Canal.
He married Kitty Beans Duckett and had several children including William Duckett Bowie and Walter Baruch Bowie.

</doc>
<doc id="36731252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731252" title="Park Seon-mi">
Park Seon-mi

Park Seon-Mi (born 2 August 1982) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Korea women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731262" title="Lee Seon-ok">
Lee Seon-ok

Lee Seon-Ok (born 2 February 1981) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Korea women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731268" title="Park Mi-hyun">
Park Mi-hyun

Park Mi-Hyun () (born 26 January 1986) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Korea women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731269" title="Proposal software">
Proposal software

Proposal software also known as proposal management software, proposal writing software, or proposal automation software is a computer program designed to help users develop proposals, presentations, and responses to RFPs. Proposal management software is becoming increasingly popular in companies that manage frequent and extensive proposal writing projects. Such software allows businesses to automate the more routine tasks while easily tracking multiple versions.
Proposal software allows users to create and manage all important sales and marketing documentation such as business proposals, welcome letters, contracts, quotes, and marketing collateral. Often available as a web-based cloud service, proposal software helps sales, marketing, and legal teams both administer the proposal creation process and communicate their needs through a digital document. Many software applications integrate with CRM software, accounting platforms, and electronic signature providers.
Proposal management software is considered to be a sales efficiency tool as it helps maximize every cross-sell and upsell opportunity by spending less time on creating and management sales documents and delivering timely and relevant information, when it's appropriate in the sales cycle of an opportunity. This means brand-compliant materials with the latest information on new products, on demand, based on the unique selling situation. It some cases, it’s argued that this software solution bleeds into an up-and-coming “sales enablement” software genre. However, proposal management software addresses inefficiencies and lack of visibility in the sales cycle, rather than “sales enablement” efforts defined as sales coaching and guiding the sale.
Main features.
The core features of proposal management software vary widely between systems. Many simpler programs have only basic features, while others, especially enterprise systems, are more complex and powerful. Proposal management software is a set of automated processes that may support the following features. 
Data types and usage.
Proposal software is frequently used for storing, controlling, revising, semantically enriching, and publishing documentation. Serving as a central repository, the proposal software increases the version level of new updates to an already existing file.
A standard requirement for salespeople is to have a standard proposal that you can modify to meet the specific requirements of your customer or prospect. Simple cutting and pasting of boilerplate materials can make it easy to create good proposals.
The software enables users to assemble individual components into a document structure. These components are then reused (rather than copied and pasted) within a document or across multiple documents. This ensures that content is consistent across the entire document set.
"Proposal Generation" and "Sales Content Management" will reach mainstream adoption in less than 2 years, and that "Sales Performance Management" and "Sales Contract Management" will reach mainstream adoption in 5 to 10 years.
Native File Format Proposal Management Software.
Some proposal management software store documents in their native file format (Microsoft Word or Excel, PDF) while other web-based proposal management software are beginning to store content in the form of html.
Web-Based Proposal Management Software.
SaaS or Web-based proposal management software require content to be imported into the system. However, once content is imported, the software acts like a search engine so users can find what they are looking for faster. The html format allows for better application of search capabilities such as full-text searching and stemming.
Small Business system.
Simpler proposal software tend to cater to entrepreneurs and small businesses looking for a one size fits all solution.
Enterprise system.
Enterprise software tend to offer more customized solutions intended to improve the enterprise’s productivity and sales efficiency by providing advanced functionality, robust business logic, and support functionality. Companies such as Koneka (SmartProposition), Paperless Proposal, TinderBox, Price & Quote, Osmosis, Proposal Software (PMAPS WebPro), Nibaal, Quoteroller, Xactly Corp, CallidusCloud, Qorus Software, Qvidian, Captureplanning, proposalsmarts, Sellbold,RFP365 and Xait all offer technology to help you write and generate more effective proposals.

</doc>
<doc id="36731272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731272" title="Han Hye-lyoung">
Han Hye-lyoung

Han Hye-Lyoung (born 15 January 1986) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Korea women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731280" title="Kim Jong-hee">
Kim Jong-hee

Kim Jong-Hee (born 28 March 1986) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Korea women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731287" title="Bobrovsky (rural locality)">
Bobrovsky (rural locality)

Bobrovsky (; masculine), Bobrovskaya (; feminine), or Bobrovskoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36731289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731289" title="Kim Jong-eun">
Kim Jong-eun

Kim Jong-eun (born 18 February 1986) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Korea women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731298" title="Maher Nasser">
Maher Nasser

Maher Nasser is the Director of the Outreach Division in the United Nations Department of Public Information. He also serves as Chairman of the Publications Board. From 1 April to 13 August 2012, he was Acting Head of the Department of Public Information.
A veteran of the United Nations System for more than 25 years, he has held various positions in Gaza, Jerusalem, Amman, Cairo, Vienna and New York. Prior to his current post, Mr. Nasser was the Director of the United Nations Information Service (UNIS) in Vienna from July 2008 Prior to that, he served as Director of the United Nations Information Centre (UNIC) in Cairo from January 2006.
Mr. Nasser was the Chief of the New York Liaison Office for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) before joining the Department of Public Information at the UN. He also held different posts within UNRWA, in Vienna and Amman and worked in the area of public information at the United Nations Drug Control Programme in Vienna (now UNODC).
Mr. Nasser held different positions in two non-governmental organizations in Jerusalem before he joined the UN.
In October 1991, Mr. Nasser attended the Madrid Middle East Peace Conference and several sessions of subsequent bilateral negotiations in Washington, D.C., as the personal assistant to the head of the Palestinian negotiating team, Dr. Haidar Abdul Shafi.
Mr. Nasser has a degree from Bir Zeit University in the West Bank, and a postgraduate diploma in business administration from the University of Warwick, in the United Kingdom. He is married with three children.

</doc>
<doc id="36731299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731299" title="Kim Da-rae">
Kim Da-rae

Kim Da-Rae (born 3 February 1987) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Korea women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731302" title="Concours nationaux d'entrée aux cycles de formation d'ingénieurs">
Concours nationaux d'entrée aux cycles de formation d'ingénieurs

The concours nationaux d'entrée aux cycles de formation d'ingénieurs is a national entrance examination, for admission to graduate training of engineers in Tunisia. The admission to the engineering schools is organised through these exams. Successful candidates will have the chance to integrate into one of the engineering schools. These exams are written and generally attended by students of preparatory classes (classes préparatoires scientifiques et technologiques).

</doc>
<doc id="36731305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731305" title="Cheon Seul-ki">
Cheon Seul-ki

Cheon Seul-Ki (born 28 January 1989) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Korea women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731309" title="Jeon Yu-mi">
Jeon Yu-mi

Jeon Yu-Mi (born 11 November 1988) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Korea women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731315" title="Follow Your Heart (Cubic Zirconia album)">
Follow Your Heart (Cubic Zirconia album)

Follow Your Heart is the debut album by electronic dance music group Cubic Zirconia. The album was released by Fool's Gold Records on September 20, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36731320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731320" title="Kim Ok-ju">
Kim Ok-ju

Kim Ok-Ju (born 20 February 1988) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Korea women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731326" title="Park Ki-ju">
Park Ki-ju

Park Ki-Ju (born 14 February 1990) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Korea women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731330" title="Jang Soo-ji">
Jang Soo-ji

Jang Soo-Ji (born 21 November 1987) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Korea women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731337" title="Cheon Eun-bi">
Cheon Eun-bi

Cheon Eun-Bi (born 7 February 1992) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Korea women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731342" title="Pauli Alankoja">
Pauli Alankoja

Pauli Alankoja is a Finnish judge, Chief Judge of the Turku Court of Appeal. He was chairman of the Finnish Bar Association from 1992 to 1995. He is a graduate of the University of Turku Faculty of Law in 1965 and recipient of the Shanghai University Medal. He has authored several books including his self-published novel, "Ratsumies ja torpantyttö", published in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36731345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731345" title="Lim Heung-sin">
Lim Heung-sin

Lim Heung-Sin is a South Korean field hockey coach. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he coached the Korea women's national field hockey team.

</doc>
<doc id="36731368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731368" title="Chuck Scott">
Chuck Scott

Chuck Scott is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for the Los Angeles Rams and Dallas Cowboys.

</doc>
<doc id="36731369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731369" title="Ivar Aminoff">
Ivar Aminoff

Ivar Aminoff ( 2 December 1868, Turku - 15 August 1931 ) was a Finnish lawyer and politician. He was the Minister of Defence for 82 days in the spring of 1924, from 11 March to 31 May 1924. He worked as a lawyer in Turku from 1892-1916. He served as secretary of the county of Turku and Pori County and was the acting governor in 1918. He also served on the Turku City Council 1904-1912 and was its Vice-President in 1908. He had also owned the manor Tenala Lemussa from 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="36731392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731392" title="International Federation of Blood Donor Organizations">
International Federation of Blood Donor Organizations

The International Federation of Blood Donor Organizations (abbreviated IFBDO in English, and FIODS in French and Spanish), is an international organization whose main stated aim is self-sufficiency of the member states in blood proceeding from voluntary non-remunerated blood donors, as well as harmonization of the security standards for blood donation and inspection processes.
IFBDO has the Participatory status with the Council of Europe, and it is Registered at United Nations' Department of Economic and Social Affairs (NGO Branch).
IFBDO is a signee of Melbourne Declaration (2009) and Dublin Consensus (2010) 
Statutory goals.
Statutory goals:
History.
The IFBDO was founded in Luxembourg on December 4, 1955. The Headquarters are established in Monaco. The official languages of the Federation are English, French and Spanish. There are 72 member states. Each country is represented by only one national organization of blood donors. There are four types of membership in IFBDO: Active members, Associate members, Observers and Honorary members.
The Federation is governed by General Assembly and Executive Council. The two most prominent positions in the organization are "President" (currently occupied by Mr. Gianfranco Massaro, Italy) and "Secretary General" (currently held by Mr. Jean Marie Durant, France).
The IFBDO awards the "Order for the International Merit of Blood" distinctions to personalities who made a special contribution to the success of its objectives by their dedication and their skills.
IFBDO instituted a solidarity foundation ("IFBDO Solidarity Foundation") aimed to support Federation members with international co-operation programs.
Since 1995 IFBDO had been organizing International Blood Donor Day as a particular initiative, but in 2002 IFBDO started negotiations with the three most important international organizations who promote blood donation: World Health Organization (WHO), the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRCS) and the International Society of Blood Transfusion (ISBT), as a result of which in 2004 all four organizations signed an agreement establishing the World Blood Donor Day. At the World Health Assembly in 2005, the ministers of health of all WHO member states unanimously adopted a resolution that recognized voluntary non-remunerated blood donors as the cornerstone of a safe, adequate and sustainable blood supply. Since then “World Blood Donor Day” is celebrated on June 14 every year and it is sponsored by the founding partners - IFBDO, WHO, IFRCS and ISBT. 

</doc>
<doc id="36731404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731404" title="She Saihua">
She Saihua

She Saihua (佘賽花) is a legendary heroine from ancient China's Northern Song Dynasty. The wife of Yang Ye and the mother of their 7 sons, she is a prominent figure in the stories on "Generals of the Yang Family".
The elderly and widowed She Saihua is also commonly known as She Taijun (佘太君; "Dowager She") and is usually depicted with a dragon-head cane (龍頭拐杖). She allegedly lived past the age of 100.
Legends.
Marriage to Yang Ye.
She Saihua's father She Hong (佘洪) had already arranged for his daughter to marry Yang Ye, but changed his mind and betrothed her to Cui Long (崔龍) from the more powerful Cui family instead. When the Yang family requested marriage, She Hong sent for Cui Long to come quickly to marry his daughter. She Saihua did not like the ugly and untalented Cui Long and sent a messenger for Yang Ye. After Yang Ye's arrival and at the request of She Saihua, She Hong had no choice but to declare that the winner of the duel between the suitors would marry his daughter. Yang Ye killed Cui Long in the battle but accidentally injured She Hong who tried to help Cui Long. Angry, She Saihua fought Yang Ye who retreated to the Seven-Star Temple. Inside the temple, Yang Ye clarified the misunderstanding and they married.
The Seven-Star Temple where they allegedly married is located in today's Fugu County, Shaanxi province.
Taking command of the army.
She Saihua had 7 sons and 2 daughters with Yang Ye, the Song commander-in-chief. With Pan Mei refusing to send aid, Yang Ye and several sons died during the battles of Golden Beach and Mount Twin Wolves. Lady She made sure Pan Mei's crimes did not go unnoticed and successfully persecuted him in the imperial court. Trusting her loyalty and judgment, Emperor Taizong made her the commander-in-chief and awarded her a Dragon Head Cane, a symbol of the emperor, for absolute control of the male-dominated army.
Historical claim.
While Yang Ye is a real historical character, no historical records mentioned his wife until the Qing Dynasty, which mentioned Yang Ye marrying a Lady She (折氏), the daughter of a Later Zhou-turned Song general She Deyi (折德扆). While this seems possible considering She Deyi and Yang Ye's age and geography, not all historians are convinced of the claim, especially since the fictitious character with the homonym surname She (佘) had already appeared back in the Yuan Dynasty and was widely known by Qing Dynasty.
Worship.
"She Taijun Temple" (佘太君廟) is located in Baiwangshan Forest Park in Haidian District, Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="36731418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731418" title="List of power stations in Ohio">
List of power stations in Ohio

The following page lists power stations in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2010 the net capacity of all utility and independent power producers in Ohio was 33,071 megawatts.
Major producers of power in Ohio include American Electric Power, Dayton Power & Light, FirstEnergy, and Duke Energy.

</doc>
<doc id="36731421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731421" title="Mladen Karoglan">
Mladen Karoglan

Mladen Karoglan (born 6 February 1964) is a retired Croatian football forward, who spent 8 season playing in Portugal where he had showed his scoring ability.

</doc>
<doc id="36731431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731431" title="Mohammed Boujendar">
Mohammed Boujendar

Mohammed Boujendar (1889-1926) was a Moroccan historian and poet. He worked as a translator for the Résidence Générale du Protectorat, published articles for the Arab language weekly "As-Sa'ada" (Happiness) and was a professor of literature (from 1913) at the Institut des Hautes Études in Rabat.
Some of his books are:
Boujendar was active in organizing literary salons in the 20's, a tradition that would later be followed by Rabat's Abdallah al-Jirari in the 30's.

</doc>
<doc id="36731435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731435" title="The Children of the Dead">
The Children of the Dead

The Children of the Dead () is a novel by Elfriede Jelinek, first published in 1995 by Rowohlt Verlag. It is commonly regarded as her magnum opus. The novel won the Literaturpreis der Stadt Bremen in 1996. The prologue and epilogue were translated into English by Louise E. Stoehr in 1998. 
Next to Jelinek's novel "Neid", "The Children of the Dead" is her longest work. It is notorious for its large number of characters, its intricate story lines, and its ironic cross-references. Although it can be classified as a postmodern horror novel, Jelinek herself calls it a "ghost story written in the tradition of the Gothic novel."
The novel constitutes an intensive examination of the memory and suppression of the Holocaust. Along with this goes an associative mode of writing which incorporates plays on words and constantly disrupts linear narration through looping and repeated narrative strands.
Plot.
The novel is unusual amongst literary works in German in that all the characters are undead in the process of decomposition and are presented as mute zombies in the manner of splatter films. Of these undead protagonists, the three primary are Gudrun Bichler, Edgar Gstranz and Karin Frenzel; they are incapable of speech, obsessed with sex, and brutal. They are confronted with the mass of Holocaust victims, who wish to achieve new life by means of the couple, Gudrun and Edgar; however their plan fails since Gudrun and Edgar are likewise undead. The setting dissolves into a sea of mud.

</doc>
<doc id="36731444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731444" title="Bob Steele filmography">
Bob Steele filmography


</doc>
<doc id="36731449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731449" title="WBIL">
WBIL

WBIL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36731451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731451" title="Ahmetpaşa, Bartın">
Ahmetpaşa, Bartın

Ahmetpaşa is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 371 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731458" title="Akbaba, Bartın">
Akbaba, Bartın

Akbaba is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 558 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731463" title="Akçalı, Bartın">
Akçalı, Bartın

Akçalı is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 924 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731467" title="Akgöz, Bartın">
Akgöz, Bartın

Akgöz is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 407 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731468" title="Akmanlar, Bartın">
Akmanlar, Bartın

Akmanlar is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 824 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731470" title="Schierup">
Schierup

Schierup is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36731471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731471" title="Akpınar, Bartın">
Akpınar, Bartın

Akpınar is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 670 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731475" title="Alibaş, Bartın">
Alibaş, Bartın

Alibaş is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 390 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731476" title="Arıönü, Bartın">
Arıönü, Bartın

Arıönü is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 859 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731477" title="Bayıryüzü, Bartın">
Bayıryüzü, Bartın

Bayıryüzü is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 700 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731482" title="Beşköprü, Bartın">
Beşköprü, Bartın

Beşköprü is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 311 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731516" title="German submarine U-305">
German submarine U-305

German submarine "U-305" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 30 August 1941 at the Flender Werke yard at Lübeck as 'werk' 305, launched on 25 July 1942 and commissioned on 17 September under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Rudolf Bahr.
During her career, the U-boat sailed on four combat patrols, sinking four ships, before she was sunk in January 1944 in mid-Atlantic, southwest of Ireland in position .
She was a member of eight wolfpacks.
Service history.
The boat's service life began with training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla in September 1942. She was then transferred to the 1st flotilla for operations on 1 March.
1st patrol.
The submarine's first patrol began with her departure from Kiel on 27 February 1943. She passed through the gap between Iceland and the Faroe Islands and into the north Atlantic Ocean. On 17 March she sank the "Port Auckland" and the "Zouave" southeast of Cape Farewell (Greenland), the latter foundering in five minutes. The boat arrived in Brest in occupied France, on 12 April 1943.
2nd and 3rd patrols.
"U-305"s second foray was relatively uneventful, starting and finishing in Brest, as would all her remaining patrols, on 12 May and 1 June 1943.
On her third sortie, she sank on 20 September 1943. The Canadian warship was one of the first victims of a GNAT acoustic torpedo.
4th patrol and loss.
The boat's final patrol commenced on 8 December 1943. She successfully attacked southwest of Ireland. This ship sank even faster than the "Zouave" (see above), going down in just two minutes.
"U-305" was lost on 16 January 1944, probably a victim of one of her own torpedoes.
Fifty-one men died; there were no survivors.
"U-305" was originally thought to have been sunk by the British destroyer and the frigate on 17 January 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="36731521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731521" title="Büyükkıran, Bartın">
Büyükkıran, Bartın

Büyükkıran is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 577 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731526" title="Budakdüzü, Bartın">
Budakdüzü, Bartın

Budakdüzü is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 543 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731529" title="Büyükkızılkum, Bartın">
Büyükkızılkum, Bartın

Büyükkızılkum is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 400 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731533" title="Çakırdemirci, Bartın">
Çakırdemirci, Bartın

Çakırdemirci is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 525 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731534" title="Molasses Keys">
Molasses Keys

The Molasses Keys are a small group of islands in the Florida Keys. Just a quarter mile south of the Seven Mile Bridge, 4 miles west of Marathon, and a mile and a half east of Money Key, it is a frequented boating and camping spot. There are four islands, three are always above water, two of which are able to be walked on. The largest and easternmost one is 90% full of vegetation, the second largest one is just southwest and has more of a beach. The third one is an area of rocks always above water just west of the second island. The fourth "island" is an outcropping of rocks and sand visible at low tide just south of the largest island. There is a shallow grass and rock bed to the south of the islands.
In the middle of the two main islands, there is a deeper narrow channel. The north end has a sandbar about 500 feet to the north. Also between the second and third island there is an access point which is a deep channel. The islands are frequented by boaters, campers, and fisherman because of the sandbars and Seven Mile Bridge channel.

</doc>
<doc id="36731537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731537" title="Çakırkadı, Bartın">
Çakırkadı, Bartın

Çakırkadı is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 731 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731538" title="Çakırömerağa, Bartın">
Çakırömerağa, Bartın

Çakırömerağa is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 284 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731539" title="Çamaltı, Bartın">
Çamaltı, Bartın

Çamaltı is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 392 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731541" title="Çamlık, Bartın">
Çamlık, Bartın

Çamlık is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 138 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731543" title="Szpakowski">
Szpakowski

Szpakowski is a Polish surname, it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36731547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731547" title="Rayleigh mixture distribution">
Rayleigh mixture distribution

In probability theory and statistics a Rayleigh mixture distribution is a weighted mixture of multiple probability distributions where the weightings are equal to the weightings of a Rayleigh distribution. Since the probability density function for a (standard) Rayleigh distribution is given by
Rayleigh mixture distributions have probability density functions of the form
where formula_3 is a well-defined probability density function or sampling distribution.
The Rayleigh mixture distribution is one of many types of compound distributions in which the appearance of a value in a sample or population might be interpreted as a function of other underlying random variables. Mixture distributions are often used in mixture models, which are used to express probabilities of sub-populations within a larger population.

</doc>
<doc id="36731548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731548" title="Çayır, Bartın">
Çayır, Bartın

Çayır is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 402 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731552" title="Çeştepe, Bartın">
Çeştepe, Bartın

Çeştepe is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 579 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731554" title="Çiftlikköy, Bartın">
Çiftlikköy, Bartın

Çiftlikköy is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 431 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731555" title="Çukurbük, Bartın">
Çukurbük, Bartın

Çukurbük is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 462 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731556" title="Dallıca, Bartın">
Dallıca, Bartın

Dallıca is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 529 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731558" title="Samuel Harrison (disambiguation)">
Samuel Harrison (disambiguation)

Samuel Harrison was a Canadian politician.
Samuel Harrison may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36731559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731559" title="Derbent, Bartın">
Derbent, Bartın

Derbent is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 386 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731562" title="Doğaşı, Bartın">
Doğaşı, Bartın

Doğaşı is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 715 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731565" title="Epçilerkadı, Bartın">
Epçilerkadı, Bartın

Epçilerkadı is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 266 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731569" title="Tihomir Rudež">
Tihomir Rudež

Tihomir Rudež (born 14 July 1963) is a retired Croatian football forward, who spent 8 season playing in Portugal where he had showed his scoring ability.

</doc>
<doc id="36731576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731576" title="Joseph Biddle Wilkinson, Jr.">
Joseph Biddle Wilkinson, Jr.

Joseph Biddle Wilkinson, Jr. (February 20, 1845 - October 23, 1915) was a Member of the Board of General Appraisers. He was also the great-grandson of James Wilkinson.
Biography.
Wilkinson was born on February 20, 1845, in Pointe Celeste Plantation, Louisiana. He attended the Virginia Military Institute and served as a Lieutenant in the Confederate Army from 1861 to 1865. After the war, he was a planter in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana from 1865 to 1885. He served as Chief Clerk for the New Orleans Customs House from 1866 to 1890.
Federal Judicial Service.
On July 2, 1890, President Harrison nominated Wilkinson to serve as a Member of the newly created Board of General Appraisers. He was confirmed by the Senate on July 16, 1890 and received his commission the same day. He served on the board until his resignation on December 15, 1899, and was succeeded by Marion De Vries.
Death.
Wilkinson died on October 23, 1915, in Myrtle Grove, Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="36731595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731595" title="1994 Central American Games">
1994 Central American Games

The V Central American Sports Games ("Spanish: V Juegos Deportivos Centroamericanos") was a multi-sport event held in San Salvador, El Salvador between November 25 - December 1, 1994. 
Participating nations.
Athletes from 7 countries were reported to participate:
Sports.
The competition featured 27 sports.
Medal count.
The information listed below was obtained from the Costa Rican newspaper La Nación, from El Diario de Hoy, San Salvador, El Salvador, and from El Nuevo Diario, Managua, Nicaragua. 

</doc>
<doc id="36731596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731596" title="Astridia dinteri">
Astridia dinteri

Astridia dinteri is a species of plant in the Aizoaceae family. It was named in 1961. 

</doc>
<doc id="36731598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731598" title="Constantin Blaha">
Constantin Blaha

Constantin Blaha (born 1 December 1987) is an Austrian diver who specializes in the 1 m and 3 m springboard events.
He has represented his country during the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing where he failed to advance to the semifinal after classifying 22nd in the preliminary round of the men's 3 metre springboard.
He has also participated in both the 2009 and 2011 editions of the World Aquatics Championships: he was eliminated both times in the preliminary of the men's 3 m springboard, classifying 25th in 2009 and 19th in 2011, and also in the men's 1 m springboard, ranking 14th and 30th respectively.
He participated in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona, Spain and ranked 5th and 9th in Men's 1 and 3 metre springboard, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="36731601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731601" title="Esenyurt, Bartın">
Esenyurt, Bartın

Esenyurt is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1020 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731604" title="Fırınlı, Bartın">
Fırınlı, Bartın

Fırınlı is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 377 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731605" title="MONOtono">
MONOtono

MONO tono is the second album by the Skiantos, released in 1978 by Cramps Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36731610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731610" title="Gecen, Bartın">
Gecen, Bartın

Gecen is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1010 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731612" title="Gençali, Bartın">
Gençali, Bartın

Gençali is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 395 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731613" title="List of rivers of Tunisia">
List of rivers of Tunisia

This is a list of rivers and wadis in Tunisia. This list is arranged by drainage basin, with respective tributaries indented under each larger stream's name.

</doc>
<doc id="36731616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731616" title="Geriş, Bartın">
Geriş, Bartın

Geriş is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1226 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731618" title="Gerişkatırcı, Bartın">
Gerişkatırcı, Bartın

Gerişkatırcı is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 656 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731621" title="Gökçekıran, Bartın">
Gökçekıran, Bartın

Gökçekıran is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 723 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731624" title="Gürgenpınarı, Bartın">
Gürgenpınarı, Bartın

Gürgenpınarı is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 962 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731625" title="Gözpınar, Bartın">
Gözpınar, Bartın

Gözpınar is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 609 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731629" title="Vactor Tousey Chambers">
Vactor Tousey Chambers

Vactor Tousey Chambers (commonly V.T. Chambers) (6 August 1830, Burlington, Kentucky – 7 August 1883, in Covington, Kentucky) was an American entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera, specifically, tineina. He, along with James Brackenridge Clemens, was a pioneer in the study of these insects. He described many new species.

</doc>
<doc id="36731630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731630" title="Texas–Permian Basin Falcons">
Texas–Permian Basin Falcons

The Texas–Permian Basin Falcons (also UTPB Falcons) are the athletic teams that represent University of Texas of the Permian Basin, located in Odessa, Texas, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports. The Falcons compete as members of the Heartland Conference for all 13 varsity sports. A UTPB Falcons football team will be added in time for the 2015 NCAA Division II football season to bring the total number of varsity teams to 14.
History.
Although early attempts were made to develop athletics at the university, such as a tennis team from 1979–88 and a rugby team for a short time, the university's position as an upper-level institution for junior, senior, and graduate students made long-term sustainability of athletic teams difficult. In 1991, the Texas State Legislature authorized UTPB to offer freshman and sophomore level courses, and within a year, a committee of faculty, staff, and community members assembled by UTPB President Charles Sorber investigated the potential for intercollegiate athletics. The committee recommended the creation of a limited program of athletics to increase student life and increase freshmen enrollment. In 1993, the legislature and the Board of Regents approved a student fee to help support an athletics program and authorized the creation of the current UTPB athletics. By 1994, the university had began club sports on campus, and in 1995, the university joined the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA). Volleyball became the first intercollegiate sport in the fall of 1995. Softball and men's soccer and joined the athletic program in the following academic year; and the university joined the Red River Athletic Conference (RRAC).
The early 2000s brought more expansion to the UTPB athletic program when the students voted to increase the amount of student fees allocated to support of athletics. The Legislature and Board of Regents approved the fee increase in summer of 2001 and the university added women's soccer in the fall of 2001, followed by men's and women's basketball in the fall of 2002. The university began offering a limited number of athletic scholarships in 2003 and a second fee increase in the fall of 2003 allowed for the addition of five additional sports for the 2004-05 academic year, when the school added men's and women's cross country, men’s and women’s swimming, and baseball. Major changes to the athletic program occurred in 2006 when the university was approved for provisional membership in the NCAA. The university also became a member of the Heartland Conference. After a successful transition period, UTPB became a full member of the NCAA at the Division II level in the fall of 2008.
Varsity sports.
Teams.
Men's sports
Women's sports

</doc>
<doc id="36731637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731637" title="Gürpınar, Bartın">
Gürpınar, Bartın

Gürpınar is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 361 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731638" title="Güzelcehisar, Bartın">
Güzelcehisar, Bartın

Güzelcehisar is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 939 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731640" title="Hacıhatipoğlu, Bartın">
Hacıhatipoğlu, Bartın

Hacıhatipoğlu is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 334 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731642" title="Hacıosmanoğlu, Bartın">
Hacıosmanoğlu, Bartın

Hacıosmanoğlu is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 545 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731644" title="Hasanlar, Bartın">
Hasanlar, Bartın

Hasanlar is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 353 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731645" title="Hatipler, Bartın">
Hatipler, Bartın

Hatipler is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 383 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731647" title="Kabagöz, Bartın">
Kabagöz, Bartın

Kabagöz is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 773 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731648" title="Kaman, Bartın">
Kaman, Bartın

Kaman is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 467 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731649" title="Simon Digby (died 1560)">
Simon Digby (died 1560)

Simon Digby (by 1499 - 1560), was an English Member of Parliament.
He was a younger son of Sir John Digby of Eye Kettleby, Leicestershire.
He was an esquire of the body in 1520, escheator for Northamptonshire and Rutland in 1540–41 and a gentleman pensioner by 1544. He fought in France under Henry VIII in the military campaign which led to the capture of Boulogne in 1544. He was appointed High Sheriff of Rutland for 1548–49, commissioner for relief in 1550 and a Justice of the Peace by 1558 to his death.
He was elected MP for Rutland in the Parliament of England in 1542, sitting until 1545.
He married Catherine, the daughter of Christopher Clapham of Beamsley, Yorkshire, with whom he had 4 sons and 4 daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="36731663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731663" title="Karahüseyinli, Bartın">
Karahüseyinli, Bartın

Karahüseyinli is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 737 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731667" title="Marinella &amp; Kostas Hatzis – To Tam-Tam">
Marinella &amp; Kostas Hatzis – To Tam-Tam

To tam-tam (Greek: "Το ταμ - ταμ"; ) is the name of a double live album by popular Greek singers Marinella and Kostas Hatzis. It is their second joint live album, was recorded at the boite “Scorpios” on November 11, 1980. It was released in December 1980, by PolyGram Records in Greece and Cyprus and it went platinum, selling over 100,000 units.
The album is entirely composed Kostas Hatzis, with lyrics by Xenofontas Fileris, Giorgos Ikonomidis, Sotia Tsotou and Ursula Yordi.
This album was issued in mono and stereo. The stereo version of this album was released on a 2-CD set in 1993 with a new cover by PolyGram. In 1997, was re-issued in remastered sound on a 4-CD box set, together with the 1976 album "Marinella & Kostas Hatzis - Recital", titled ""Marinella & Kostas Hatzis - Resital Gia Dio (Recital for two)"", by Universal Music/Mercury. This compilation was re-released in May, 2008 and 2012 in new editions.
Track listing.
Disc 01.
Side One. (Kostas Hatzis)
Side Two. (Marinella, feat. Kostas Hatzis)
Disc 02.
Side One. (Kostas Hatzis)
Side Two. (Marinella & Kostas Hatzis)

</doc>
<doc id="36731668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731668" title="Queens Park Rangers F.C. in European football">
Queens Park Rangers F.C. in European football

Queens Park Rangers Football Club is an English football club based in White City, London. The club was founded in 1882 and has competed in the English football league system since 1920. They have taken part in UEFA-sanctioned cup competition twice. They reached the quarter-finals of the UEFA Cup in the 1976–77 season, and the second round of the same competition in 1984–85.
History.
1976–77 UEFA Cup.
As league runners-up in the 1975–76 season, QPR qualified for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 1976–77, alongside fellow English clubs Derby County and the two Manchester clubs - City and United. They would first face SK Brann of Norway, and brush them aside 11–0 on aggregate, including a 7–0 win away at the Brann Stadion. In the second round, QPR met Czechoslovakian outfit ŠK Slovan Bratislava. A 3–3 draw at Tehelné pole and a 5–2 victory at their Loftus Road home saw QPR progress to the third round, where West German club 1. FC Köln provided the opposition. A 3–0 home win for "Rangers" in the first leg was a good start, and although QPR were beaten 4–1 at the Müngersdorfer Stadion, the West Londoners went through to the quarter-final on the away goals rule. Their quarter-final opponents were AEK Athens of Greece. QPR - by now the last remaining English club in the tournament - took the home leg 3–0, but AEK matched it at the Nikos Goumas Stadium. The match went to penalties - and the Athens club won 7–6, eliminating QPR from the competition.
1984–85 UEFA Cup.
A finish of fifth in the 1983–84 season earnt QPR a second UEFA Cup campaign. English clubs Manchester United, Nottingham Forest, Southampton and Tottenham Hotspur also qualified for the 1984–85 tournament. QPR's first opponents this time were Icelandic club Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur. A 3–0 away win at KR-völlur in Reykjavík and a 4–0 'home' win - QPR's home games in the UEFA Cup were held at Arsenal Stadium due to the artificial turf at Loftus Road - saw the London club progress to face Yugoslavian club FK Partizan, who now play in the Serbian SuperLiga. "Rangers" won the home leg 6–2, however a 4–0 loss in Belgrade meant that Partizan progressed due to the away goals rule.
1985–91.
English clubs were banned from taking part in European competition in the aftermath of the Heysel Stadium disaster in 1985. This affected QPR when they achieved a finish of fifth in the 1987–88 season which would normally have been rewarded with a place in the 1988–89 UEFA Cup, however the ban meant they did not compete. The ban was in place until 1990–91, and England did not regain their pre-1985 number of places to award in European club competition until 1995–96. This resulted in the teams finishing fourth and fifth in the 1992–93 season - Blackburn Rovers and QPR respectively - missing out on a place in the 1993–94 UEFA Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36731670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731670" title="Karainler, Bartın">
Karainler, Bartın

Karainler is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1072 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731671" title="CBLL1">
CBLL1

The E3 ubiquitin-protein ligase Hakai (HAKAI) also known as Casitas B-lineage lymphoma-transforming sequence-like protein 1 (CBLL1) is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the CBLL1 gene. This gene encodes an E3 ubiquitin ligase for the E-cadherin complex and mediates its ubiquitination, endocytosis, and degradation in the lysosomes. The encoded protein contains a RING-finger domain and is also thought to have a role in control of cell proliferation.
Function.
Hakai functions as a RING finger domain-containing E3 ubiquitin ligase for E-cadherin. Hakai mediates E-cadherin ubiquitination and its degradation by proteasomes. "Hakai" means "destruction" in Japanese. Proteosomal degradation of E-cadehrin can be regulated by phosphorylation. The Hakai binding site is a part of the E-cadherin cytoplasmic domain that contains several tyrosines. Tyrosine kinases such as Src and Met can phosphorylate E-cadherin and enhance Hakai binding to E-cadherin. Two lysines of the E-cadherin cytoplasmic domain have been shown to be sites for ubiquitination. Hakai also interacts with polypyrimidine tract-binding protein-associated splicing factor.

</doc>
<doc id="36731672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731672" title="John Hunt (died 1586)">
John Hunt (died 1586)

John Hunt (by 1514-1586), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Rutland in April 1554.

</doc>
<doc id="36731673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731673" title="Kont Diġa">
Kont Diġa

Kont Diġa is a 2009 Maltese full length feature film, directed by Mark Dingli and produced by Sascha Sammut.

</doc>
<doc id="36731683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731683" title="Boukar Djillakh Faye">
Boukar Djillakh Faye

Boukar Djillakh Faye (Serer proper : Bugar Jilaak Fay, other variations : "Bougar Birame Faye" or "Bugar Biram Fay") was a 14th-century Serer wrestler (njom) from the pre-colonial Kingdom of Sine which lies within present-day Senegal.
Life.
Originally from Djillakh (Dieghem, in the Sine), he was given the niece of Maysa Wali in marriage after demonstrating his prowess in the wrestling arena. According to oral tradition Maysa Wali, later a Maad a Sinig (king of Sine), was the first member of the Guelowar Dynasty to rule in Sine after his family's defeat by the Ñaancos at the so-called Battle of Troubang in 1335. In reporting this tradition, Henry Gravrand did not notice that this is actually a description of the 1867 (or 1865) Battle of Kansala. Boukar Djillakh Faye is linked to early Guelowar dynastic history in Senegambia (Senegal and Gambia) as well as Serer medieval and dynastic history. His marriage to Lingeer Tening Jom provided many heirs to the throne of Sine, including his sons Tasse Faye and Waagaan Tening Jom Faye who all succeeded to the throne of Sine as "Maad a Sinigs" and established the Faye Dynasty in Sine. Other sources suggests that, he was married to Lingeer Siin o Mew Manneh (sister of Maysa Wali, whom the Kingdom of Sine was named after following its renaming in the 14th century), not Tening Jom, and it is from that marriage the Faye Dynasty of Sine derived from. However, the general consensus is that, the former narrative provided in Niokhobaye Diouf's "Chronique du royaume du Sine" - regarding Boukar Djillakh's marriage to Tening Jom, their children and descendants is much richer and probably more historically accurate albeit the disputed dates of reign for the earlier "Maad a Sinigs" unlike Alioune Sarr's "Histoire du Sine-Saloum" whose dates are the prevailing view. The variations between the historical narratives are however minute.
Legacy.
In all narratives, Boukar Djillakh Faye is regarded as one of the patriarchs of the Faye family, the father and direct ancestor of all the members of Faye patrilineage that ruled in Sine from the 14th to the 19th century. As one of the Senegambian royal families, many of his descendants went on to shape Senegambian history during these periods.

</doc>
<doc id="36731687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731687" title="Karamazak, Bartın">
Karamazak, Bartın

Karamazak is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 766 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731690" title="Karasu, Bartın">
Karasu, Bartın

Karasu is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 658 people.
References.
2.This village is really small many say it is so small ants can't even see it due to the massive polars bears who rekt the place in 1408

</doc>
<doc id="36731692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731692" title="Gordon &amp; Kaelber">
Gordon &amp; Kaelber

Gordon & Kaelber was an architectural firm of Rochester, New York.
A number of its works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
Works include:
The firm's drawings are being catalogued by the Rochester Historical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="36731694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731694" title="Kaşbaşı, Bartın">
Kaşbaşı, Bartın

Kaşbaşı is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 310 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731698" title="Kayadibi, Bartın">
Kayadibi, Bartın

Kayadibi is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 219 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731706" title="Kayadibiçavuş, Bartın">
Kayadibiçavuş, Bartın

Kayadibiçavuş is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 557 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731708" title="Kayadibikavlak, Bartın">
Kayadibikavlak, Bartın

Kayadibikavlak is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 634 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731712" title="Kızılelma, Bartın">
Kızılelma, Bartın

Kızılelma is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 612 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731723" title="Oxana Guseva">
Oxana Guseva

Oxana Guseva is a paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category S7 events.
Oxana competed in both the 2004 and 2008 Summer Paralympics winning a solitary silver medal. It was in 2004 she won that medal in the 400m freestyle behind Australia's Chantel Wolfenden who swam a new games record, she also finished sixth in the 100m freestyle, eighth in the 50m butterfly, fourth in the 200m individual medley but failed to make the final of the 100m freestyle and was part of the Russian team that finished fourth in the 4x100m medley just 0.12 seconds behind the bronze medal winning Australian team. At the 2008 games she again swam in the 400m freestyle but this time could only manage sixth, she also finished eighth in the 100m freestyle, eighth in the 50m butterfly and sixth in the individual medley.

</doc>
<doc id="36731725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731725" title="Minister of Defense (Saudi Arabia)">
Minister of Defense (Saudi Arabia)

The Minister of Defense (Arabic:وزارة الدفاع) initially called as Defence; reporting name: MoD), is a Cabinet-level ministry tasked with coordinating and supervising all major government agencies and federal departments of the government relating directly to National security and the Saudi Defense Forces.
Former name.
It was named the minister of defense and aviation (Arabic:وزارة الدفاع والطيران) which was originally founded on 10 November 1943. But after the death of Saudi Crown Prince Sultan bin Abdulaziz Al Saud on 22 October 2011, the Saudi government decided to change its name to the ministry of defense after the appointment of former governor of Riyadh Salman bin Abdulaziz to the post.

</doc>
<doc id="36731726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731726" title="1937–38 Western Football League">
1937–38 Western Football League

The 1937–38 season was the 41st in the history of the Western Football League.
The Division One champions for the fifth time in their history were Bristol City Reserves. The winners of Division Two for the second consecutive season were Weymouth. There was again no promotion or relegation between the two divisions this season.
Final tables.
Division One.
Division One remained at five clubs, with no clubs leaving or joining.
Division Two.
Division Two remained at eighteen clubs after Swindon Town Reserves left and one new club joined:
1 The system of using goal average to separate two teams tied on points was used up to and including the 1976–77 season.
2 The points system: 2 points for a win, 1 point for a draw and 0 points for losing.

</doc>
<doc id="36731733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731733" title="Kocareis, Bartın">
Kocareis, Bartın

Kocareis is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 568 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731736" title="Kurt, Bartın">
Kurt, Bartın

Kurt is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 707 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731737" title="Dmitri Poline">
Dmitri Poline

Dmitri Poline is a paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category SB9 events.
Dmitri competed in one event in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, he won the gold medal in the 100m breaststroke in a world record time of 1:11.13

</doc>
<doc id="36731738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731738" title="Kutlubeydemirci">
Kutlubeydemirci

Kutlubeydemirci is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 719 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731740" title="Kutlubeytabaklar">
Kutlubeytabaklar

Kutlubeytabaklar is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 420 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731744" title="Kutlubeyyazıcılar">
Kutlubeyyazıcılar

Kutlubeyyazıcılar is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 595 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731745" title="Andrei Nefedov">
Andrei Nefedov

Andrei Nefedov is a paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category B3 events.
Andrei was part of the Russian Paralympic swimming team that travelled to Atlanta for the 1996 Summer Paralympics there he finished fifth in the 100m breaststroke and won bronze in the 200m breaststroke.

</doc>
<doc id="36731749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731749" title="Küçükkızılkum">
Küçükkızılkum

Küçükkızılkum is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 437 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731750" title="715th Independent Reconnaissance Squadron">
715th Independent Reconnaissance Squadron

The 715th Independent Reconnaissance Squadron ("Serbo-Croatian: 715. samostalna izviđačka eskadrila / 82. самостална извиђачка ескадрила") was an aviation squadron of Yugoslav Air Force formed in December, 1949 by order from July 24, same year at Pleso airfield.
Squadron was part of 37th Aviation Division. By war timetable it supposed to be part of 103rd Reconnaissance Aviation Regiment. It was equipped with Soviet-made Petlyakov Pe-2 bomber aircraft.
By February, 1952 squadron was disbanded and with 184th Light Night Bomber Aviation Regiment it has formed 184th Reconnaissance Aviation Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="36731751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731751" title="Kümesler, Bartın">
Kümesler, Bartın

Kümesler is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 484 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731754" title="Mekeçler, Bartın">
Mekeçler, Bartın

Mekeçler is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 497 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731757" title="Muratbey, Bartın">
Muratbey, Bartın

Muratbey is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 477 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731761" title="Okçular, Bartın">
Okçular, Bartın

Okçular is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 429 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731763" title="Saraylı, Bartın">
Saraylı, Bartın

Saraylı is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 487 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731765" title="Serdar, Bartın">
Serdar, Bartın

Serdar is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 577 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731766" title="Sipahiler, Bartın">
Sipahiler, Bartın

Sipahiler is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 555 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731769" title="Şiremirçavuş, Bartın">
Şiremirçavuş, Bartın

Şiremirçavuş is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 867 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731771" title="Şiremirtabaklar, Bartın">
Şiremirtabaklar, Bartın

Şiremirtabaklar is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 217 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731777" title="Şahne, Bartın">
Şahne, Bartın

Şahne is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 600 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731778" title="Richard Berkeley (by 1465–1513 or later)">
Richard Berkeley (by 1465–1513 or later)

Richard Berkeley (by 1465-1513 or later), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Winchelsea in 1495 and 1497, and for Rye 1504 and 1510.

</doc>
<doc id="36731797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731797" title="Tabanözü, Bartın">
Tabanözü, Bartın

Tabanözü is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 745 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731804" title="Terkehaliller, Bartın">
Terkehaliller, Bartın

Terkehaliller is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1118 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731809" title="Peter Holmes (motorcycle racer)">
Peter Holmes (motorcycle racer)

Peter Holmes is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36731810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731810" title="Genevieve Blatt">
Genevieve Blatt

Genevieve Blatt (1913–1996) was an American politician and attorney from Pennsylvania, and a member of the Democratic Party.
Early life and education.
A native of East Brady, Clarion County, Blatt received a B.A. from the University of Pittsburgh in 1933, and an M.A. from the school in 1934. She received a J.D. from Pittsburgh's law school in 1937. Blatt became secretary and chief examiner of the Pittsburgh Civil Service Commission in 1938, and went on to serve as an assistant city solicitor.
Political career.
Blatt became active in Democratic politics in the 1930s, beginning with her selection as a delegate to the 1936 Democratic National Convention, where she was the first delegate to vote for Roosevelt. She went on to attend every succeeding convention through 1972. Blatt later served on the National Committee's policy committee, and was vice chair of the Pennsylvania delegation to the 1956 convention.
She made her first run for elected office in 1950, when she unsuccessfully sought the office of State Auditor General. Four years later, she became the first woman to hold statewide elected office in Pennsylvania, when she was elected State Secretary of Internal Affairs. Blatt was re-elected in 1958 and 1962 but lost her bid for a fourth term in 1966, when she was narrowly defeated by Republican John Tabor. The office of Internal Affairs Secretary, which had long been considered for elimination, was dissolved in 1968. 
In 1964, Blatt challenged incumbent Republican Senator Hugh Scott, who was seeking a second term. She narrowly defeated the 1950 nominee for Lieutenant Governor Michael Musmanno, by about 500 votes out of over 900,000 cast, in the Democratic primary. Scott used a strong performance in the southeast corner of the state, including the suburban Philadelphia counties of Chester, Montgomery, Delaware and Bucks, to score a narrow victory in an otherwise bleak election cycle for state and national Republicans. 
Following her defeat to Scott, Blatt remained active in State Democratic politics, and was elected to one of the state's slots on the Democratic National Committee in 1970. She resigned from the national committee in 1972, following her appointment to a seat on the Commonwealth Court by Governor Milton Shapp. Blatt served on the court until her retirement at the end of 1993, easily surviving multiple retention votes. One of her most notable rulings on the court was the establishment of the precedent that high school sports teams in Pennsylvania could no longer discriminate on the basis of gender.
Death and legacy.
Blatt died at a retirement home in Hampden Township in July 1996. The Genevieve Society, a non-partisan organization dedicated to increasing the political and professional power of women in Pennsylvania, is named in her honor.

</doc>
<doc id="36731815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731815" title="Terkehatipler, Bartın">
Terkehatipler, Bartın

Terkehatipler is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1049 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731823" title="Topluca, Bartın">
Topluca, Bartın

Topluca is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 679 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731828" title="Tuzcular, Bartın">
Tuzcular, Bartın

Tuzcular is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 360 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731833" title="Thomas Cheeseman (disambiguation)">
Thomas Cheeseman (disambiguation)

Thomas Cheeseman (1846–1923), New Zealand botanist.
Thomas Cheeseman may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36731836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731836" title="Jeremy Crowe">
Jeremy Crowe

Jeremy Crowe is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36731837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731837" title="Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100">
Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100

The Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 is a compact point-and-shoot 20.2 mega-pixel camera. Part of the Cyber-shot line of digital cameras made by Sony. It has been named as the 'European Advanced Compact Camera for 2012–2013' by the European Imaging and Sound Association (EISA). It has also been named one of the Best Inventions of 2012 by "TIME".
Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 II.
In June 2013 Sony unveiled a new version of the camera, called DSC-RX100 II (model number DSC-RX100M2). Despite small change in the name, new revision is much enhanced compared to its predecessor. Notable new features include:
Hasselblad Stellar.
On 23 July 2013 Hasselblad announced the Stellar, a "luxury" compact digital camera based on the DSC-RX100 with wooden or carbon grip. On 1 November 2013 Hasselblad announced another three cosmetical variants of the camera, named the Stellar Special Edition.
Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 III.
Sony has announced a new version of the camera, named the Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 III (model number DSC-RX100M3) and initial availabled in June 2014.
The new camera has a new Bionz X processor as Sony Alpha 77 II a new premium lens Zeiss Vario-Sonnar T*, a 24-70mm (equivalent 35mm), f/1.8-f/2.8 for wider angle of view and better bokeh. Not as DSC-RX100 II, the successor has no multi-interface hotshoe. As Sony Alpha 7, the DSC-RX100 III has customizable function. The viewfinder and the LCD rear screen can be set to different display. And as Pentax cameras, the DSC-RX100 III can be set manually with shutter and aperture fixed, but with Auto ISO.
External links.
Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 II:
Hasselblad Stellar:

</doc>
<doc id="36731839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731839" title="Uğurlar, Bartın">
Uğurlar, Bartın

Uğurlar is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 642 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731853" title="Thomas Cheseman">
Thomas Cheseman

Thomas Cheseman or Baker (ca. 1488–1536 or later) was an English politician.
He was a Member of Parliament (MP) of the Parliament of England for Rye in 1523.

</doc>
<doc id="36731867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731867" title="List of IFMSA member organisations">
List of IFMSA member organisations

List of IFMSA member organisations. International Federation of Medical Students' Associations (IFMSA) as an umbrella organization embraces 108 national and local organisations in 103 countries on six continents. Of these 108 organisations only 87 have full membership status while 14 are candidates for full membership and 7 are associated with IFMSA (2012).
Some countries such as Spain have two member organisations in IFMSA since Catalonia has a locale organisation, AECS, whereas the rest of Spain is organised under IFMSA-Spain. Other counties such as Brazil have two national organisations that are both members of IFMSA.
There are 16 organisations in Africa, 30 in Asia, 40 in Europe, 9 in North America, 2 in Oceania and 11 in South America (2012).
Member organisations in IFMSA (Number of members includes both medical and other students):
References.
References: 

</doc>
<doc id="36731872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731872" title="Josh Waters">
Josh Waters

Joshua "Josh" Waters is a motorcycle racer from Australia, who currently competes in the British Superbike Championship for Tyco Suzuki aboard a Suzuki GSX-R1000. He is a two-time and reigning Australian Superbike Champion having won the 2009 & 2012 championship for Team Suzuki Australia, finishing 13.5 points ahead of Honda rider Wayne Maxwell in 2012. He has also competed in the Australian 125GP Championship (where he was champion in 2003), the Australian Supersport Championship and the Superbike World Championship. 
Having started racing at the age of five, Waters had already won his first national championship by the age of six and begun his road racing career by the age 2000. Other accolades include coming 3rd at the Macau 125GP (2003), Wildcard entry into the Phillip Island round of World 125GP Championship (2003), Wildcard entry into the Phillip Island round of World 250GP Championship (2004), 1st - Philip Island 8 hour Endurance with Team Suzuki Australia (2011). Josh has also ridden for the Yoshimura Racing Team where he finished second in the 2011 Suzuka 8 Hours aboard a Suzuki GSX-R1000 and represented them in three rounds of the Superbike World Championship.
BRITISH SUPERBIKE CHAMPIONSHIP (BSB)
In 2013 he moved across to the British Superbike Championship and initially raced for the Milwaukee Yamaha race team but was replaced by Tommy Bridewell for the final few rounds of the season. After having piloted a BMW S1000RR at the Le-Mans 24 hour race he joined the Halsall Race Team for the final two rounds of the British Superbike Championship aboard a Kawasaki ZX-10R. Waters ended the season in 13th position overall.
Following the 2013 British Superbike Championship Josh has since signed on with Tyco Suzuki and will ride a Suzuki GSX-R1000 for the 2014 season. 

</doc>
<doc id="36731879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731879" title="Odontonema strictum">
Odontonema strictum

Odontonema strictum is a species of plant in the family Acanthaceae which is endemic to South America. The plant grows to a height of two metres or half that if it grown in a container. The waxy flowers grow in twelve inch spikes and in their native country they attract hummingbirds and butterflies when they bloom in the autumn.

</doc>
<doc id="36731892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731892" title="Brendan Clarke (motorcycle racer)">
Brendan Clarke (motorcycle racer)

Brendan Clarke is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36731901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731901" title="Ulugeçitambarcı, Bartın">
Ulugeçitambarcı, Bartın

Ulugeçitambarcı is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 707 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731904" title="Ulugeçitkadı, Bartın">
Ulugeçitkadı, Bartın

Ulugeçitkadı is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 561 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731907" title="Uzunöz, Bartın">
Uzunöz, Bartın

Uzunöz is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 728 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731908" title="VSI Tampa Bay FC (PDL)">
VSI Tampa Bay FC (PDL)

VSI Tampa Bay FC was an American soccer team based in Plant City, Florida that played in the USL Premier Development League (PDL), the fourth tier of the American soccer pyramid, from 2012 to 2013. The team was owned by VisionPro Sports Institute and was affiliated with the VSI Tampa Bay FC professional men's team in the USL Pro, the VSI Tampa Bay FC women's team in the W-League, and the youth team in the Super-20 League. All the teams were disbanded in 2013.
History.
The VSI Tampa Flames were established in 2011 as part of a broader move by the English "football" development academy, VisionPro Sports Institute, to build a foundation for youth and professional soccer in the United States. VSI partnered with the local Brandon, Florida area youth soccer organization, West Florida Flames, to build "the perfect platform for vertical progression, giving talented youngsters the opportunity to progress from junior soccer all the way through to the professional game," according to VSI's CEO, Simon Crane.
The USL PDL Team started play in 2012. The PDL Team finished with a record of 7 Wins, 5 Losses and 4 Ties. The team played their matches at JC Handly Sports Complex. In 2013, the team played their home matches at Plant City Stadium.
On November 22, 2012, the team's parent club changed its name to "VSI Tampa Bay FC" and the PDL Team followed suit. The team folded after the 2013 season.
Players and Staff.
Current Roster.
"As of July 15, 2012" 
 

</doc>
<doc id="36731910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731910" title="Yanaz, Bartın">
Yanaz, Bartın

Yanaz is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 779 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731913" title="Yıldız, Bartın">
Yıldız, Bartın

Yıldız is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 1023 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36731914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731914" title="Funny Money (disambiguation)">
Funny Money (disambiguation)

Funny Money may refer to:
For the meaning of false currency, see counterfeit money or Test money

</doc>
<doc id="36731926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731926" title="VSI Tampa Bay FC (W-League)">
VSI Tampa Bay FC (W-League)

VSI Tampa Bay FC was an American women's soccer team based in Plant City, Florida that played in the United Soccer Leagues W-League from 2012 to 2013. The team was owned by VisionPro Sports Institute and was affiliated with the VSI Tampa Bay FC professional men's team in USL Pro, the VSI Tampa Bay FC amateur men's team in the USL Premier Development League (PDL), and the youth team in the Super-20 League. All the teams folded after the 2013 season.
History.
The VSI Tampa Flames were established in 2011 as part of a broader move by the English "football" development academy, VisionPro Sports Institute, to build a foundation for youth and professional soccer in the United States. VSI partnered with the local Brandon, Florida area youth soccer organization, West Florida Flames, to build "the perfect platform for vertical progression, giving talented youngsters the opportunity to progress from junior soccer all the way through to the professional game," according to VSI's CEO, Simon Crane.
The W-League Team started play in 2012. The PDL Team finished with a record of 3 Wins, 7 Losses and 2 Ties. The team played their matches at JC Handly Sports Complex.
On November 22, 2012, the team's parent club changed its name to "VSI Tampa Bay FC" and the W-League team followed suit. The team folded after the 2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36731928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731928" title="Shaun Geronimi">
Shaun Geronimi

Shaun Geronimi is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36731935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731935" title="Chris Wallace (American football)">
Chris Wallace (American football)

Christopher Wallace (born November 4, 1975) is an former American football quarterback for the Marion Blue Racers of the Continental Indoor Football League (CIFL). He played as a quarterback for the University of Toledo. He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Orlando Predators in 2001.
Early life.
Wallace attended South High School in Springfield, Ohio.
College career.
Wallce attended the University of Toledo after his graduation from high school. At the time of his graduation, Wallace was the only Rocket to have thrown 5 touchdowns in a game, achieving the feat twice. His 27 touchdowns in 1997 were a school record for a single season until they were broken by Bruce Gradkowski in 2003. He currently sits at 6th all time in Toledo history for passing yards in a career.
Statistics.
Through end of the 1998 season, Wallace' college statistics were as follows:
Professional career.
Since commencing his professional career, Wallace has played for a number of indoor football teams. He spent 8 seasons with the Florida Firecats of the af2 and was that league's all-time leader in passing yardage. In 2011 he was briefly the starting quarterback of the Arena Football League's New Orleans Voodoo, starting two games and winning one; later in the same season he started for the Pittsburgh Power. He joined the Tarpons in 2012 and completed 157 passes on 272 attempts for 2,091 yards and 63 touchdowns, leading the team to a conference title and Ultimate Bowl II. In 2013, Wallace lead the Tarpons to the an Ultimate Bowl III victory over the Corpus Christi Fury. In March, 2014, Wallace came back to playing football when he signed with the Marion Blue Racers.
Coaching career.
In June, 2013, Wallace was named the first head coach of the expansion, Columbus Beast of the Xtreme Indoor Football League, but when the Beast owner moved his other franchise (the Marion Blue Racers) to the Continental Indoor Football League, it was announced that Wallace was to be the Head Coach for the Blue Racers. However, Wallace left the Blue Racers to pursue his teaching career.

</doc>
<doc id="36731939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731939" title="Prematilaka Mapitigama">
Prematilaka Mapitigama

Prematilaka Mapitigama, also known as K. W. M. P. Mapitigama, (January 7, 1930 – April 14, 2012) (Sinhala: ප්‍රේමතිලක මාපිටිගම) was a senior Sri Lankan civil servant, author and a publisher. As the Secretary to President J. R. Jayewardene, Mapitigama was one of the highest ranking public servants in the government of Sri Lanka. At the time of his death he was serving as the Secretary General of J.R. Jayewardene Center at 191 Dharmapala Mawatha, Colombo 7. Mapitigama succeeded W.M. P. B. Menikdiwela as the Secretary to President J. R. Jayewardene in 1988 and continued until the demise of the late president on November 1, 1996. He has also authored and published number of books both in Sinhalese and in English.
Early life and family.
Prematilaka Mapitigama was born on January 7, 1930 as the eldest son of Panditharatna Bandara Mapitigama and Leelawathie Higgoda Kumarihamy of Pelange Walawwa, Mattamagoda, Ruwanwella. He and his wife, Nalini (née Senaratne), had two children, Nethanjalie and Niranjana.
Civil service.
Prematilaka Mapitigama entered the Ceylon Administrative Service (CAS) in 1969. From 1970 to 1977, he functioned as the Assistant Secretary of Ministry of Defense & External Affairs under the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka, Sirimavo Ratwatte Dias Bandaranaike. From 1977 until 1990 he served as the Additional Secretary to the ministries of Irrigation, Power & Highways; Land & Land Development; and Lands, Irrigation & Mahaweli Development; all under Cabinet Minister Lionel Gamini Dissanayake. Mapitigama succeeded W.M.P.B. Menikdiwela as the Secretary to President J.R. Jayewardene in 1988 and continued to be the Secretary to the Former President until the demise of President Jayewardene on November 1, 1996. Thereafter, he continued to function as the Secretary General of the Jayewardene Centre until he died on April 14, 2012.
Mapitigama has held number of senior positions in the SLAS and notably the below:
Writing.
Mapitigama turned his hand to writing at a very young age, first writing to newspapers and then publishing his first novel in 1952 in Sinhalese named "Hinawa” (“The Smile”). The cover was designed by the famous book cover artist G.L. Gauthamadasa. His second book, “Geheniyak Nisa” (“Because of a woman”) was released about 7 years afterwards. The third, “Muhunu Dekak” (“Two faces”), a supplementary reader for schools, followed soon after and was co-authored by Sunanda Mahendra, now a professor of Mass Media. Mapitigama published his fourth book in early 1960’s in Sinhalese, "සාර්ථක විවාහයට මඟ" (Way To A Happy Marriage), based on his years in the Marriage and Divorce Commission of Sri Lanka. A series of books followed and one of his final books in English, "Longest Days" was published in 2002, based on his vast experience in government service.
Jayewardene Centre.
Mapitigama is recognized for establishing the Jayewardene Centre according to a cabinet act in 1988. The Centre opened the doors to public for the first time in 1993. Mapitigama was appointed by the cabinet of ministers in 1993 as the founding Secretary General of the centre. He held this position for 19 years, until his demise in 2012. J.R. Jayewardene Centre consists of three sectors, Museum in which documents, artifacts, gifts of state and museum exhibits are maintained that relate to the former president's life and career, Library and the Conference Hall which provides an active series of public programs, where lectures, conferences and political and socio economic debates are held regularly. The most important textual materials in the library and the museum are those created by the President and his staff in the course of performing the official duties. Library also house numerous objects including family heirlooms, items collected by the President and his family, campaign memorabilia, awards, and the many gifts given to the President by foreign dignitaries. These gifts range in type from homemade items to valuable works of art. Other significant holdings include the personal papers and historical materials donated by individuals associated with the President. These individuals may include envoys to foreign governments, political party associates, and the President's family and personal friends.
Death.
Mapitigama was treated by cardiologist, Dr. Hemal Anthony Fernando, who was also the personal physician of President J.R. Jayewardene. Mapitigama died on Saturday April 14, 2012 at the age of 82 at the Intensive Care Unit of the Asha Central Hospital in Colombo. On Sunday April 15, 2012, Mapitigama's body was carried and placed in the lobby of the J.R. Jayewardene Centre for diplomats, public figures, dignitaries and general public to pay their respect. This is the first funeral held at the J.R. Jayewardene Centre, since opening the doors to public in 1993. On Wednesday April 18, 2012, the casket was driven in a motorcade, by hearse, and was cremated at the General Cemetery in Borella.

</doc>
<doc id="36731940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731940" title="John Fletcher (by 1490–1545 or later)">
John Fletcher (by 1490–1545 or later)

John Fletcher (by 1490-1545 or later), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Rye in 1529, 1536 and 1542.

</doc>
<doc id="36731943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731943" title="Kate Woods (field hockey)">
Kate Woods (field hockey)

Kate Woods (born 11 October 1981) is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the South Africa women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731950" title="Illse Davids">
Illse Davids

Illse Davids (born 26 March 1987) is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the South Africa women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731962" title="Dirkie Chamberlain">
Dirkie Chamberlain

Dirkie Chamberlain (born 3 November 1986) is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the South Africa women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731965" title="Paul Young (motorcycle racer)">
Paul Young (motorcycle racer)

Paul Young is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36731967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731967" title="Wild Horse Reservoir">
Wild Horse Reservoir

Wild Horse Reservoir is a man-made lake in Elko County, Nevada. The reservoir was initially created in 1937 by the construction of Wild Horse Dam. In 1969, a new concrete single-angle arch dam was constructed by the Bureau of Indian Affairs with a height of and a length of at its crest. The original 1937 dam was left in place and is still partly visible. The newer dam doubled the size of the reservoir. 
The reservoir impounds the Owyhee River for flood control and irrigation storage, part of the larger Duck Valley Irrigation Project. The dam and reservoir are owned and administered by the BIA, and leased to the nearby Duck Valley Indian Reservation (Sho-Pai). Recreation on the lake includes fishing for trout, bass, catfish and perch. The state of Nevada also maintains the adjacent Wild Horse State Recreation Area. 

</doc>
<doc id="36731969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731969" title="George Reynolds (MP for Rye)">
George Reynolds (MP for Rye)

George Reynolds (by 1518-1577), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Rye in 1547 and 1563.

</doc>
<doc id="36731974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731974" title="Jennifer Wilson (field hockey)">
Jennifer Wilson (field hockey)

Jennifer Wilson (born 27 March 1979) is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the South Africa women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731976" title="Jamie Bryant">
Jamie Bryant

Jamie Bryant (born October 1, 1969) is the special teams coordinator for Youngstown State. He previously served as defensive coordinator for the University of Houston. After coaching a defense that ranked near the bottom in scoring and yards allowed, head coach Tony Levine decided to part ways with his assistant. As linebackers coach for the 2011 season, Bryant was promoted to defensive coordinator under head coach Tony Levine as of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36731979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731979" title="Nicolene Terblanche">
Nicolene Terblanche

Nicolene Terblanche (born 22 February 1988) is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the South Africa women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731989" title="Bernadette Coston">
Bernadette Coston

Bernadette Coston (born 17 August 1989) is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the South Africa women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36731998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36731998" title="Help Me (Tinchy Stryder song)">
Help Me (Tinchy Stryder song)

"Help Me" is a song by recording artist Tinchy Stryder, and was released on 30 September 2012, as the fourth single from his scrapped fourth album: "Full Tank". Full Tank was scrapped so Help Me became a non-album single. The song, produced by Art Bastian, was written by Tinchy Stryder, Camille Purcell and Ollie Jacobs, and features uncredited vocals by Camille Purcell.
Background.
The single was announced during an interview with Digital Spy, uploaded on July 12, 2012, and Tinchy Stryder announcing he is now reinvented, and that with "Help Me" – It reaches out religiously to God. "Help Me" is incorporated with female verses and vocals.
The track was co-written by Kwasi Danquah III, Camille Purcell and Ollie Jacobs, and was produced by Art Bastian.
Music video.
A music video was made for "Help Me", and it was filmed in New Orleans, Louisiana. The accompanying music video sees Tinchy Stryder performing the track in a poverty-stricken neighbourhood.
Other scenes focus on Christian iconography, statues and buildings, directly representing the chorus's lyrics of "God, help me".

</doc>
<doc id="36732001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732001" title="Sulette Damons">
Sulette Damons

Sulette Damons (born 30 October 1989) is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the South Africa women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36732007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732007" title="La Segunda Bakery">
La Segunda Bakery

La Segunda Bakery is a historic purveyor of Cuban bread, pastries, and other baked goods in the Ybor City section of Tampa, Florida. It was one of three bakeries begun in co-op: La Primera, La Segunda and La Tercera. The other two folded and La Segunda was purchased by Juan Moré whose family has continued its operation for four generations. The business operates as a wholesale and retail bakery as well as a deli, offering a wide assortment of specialties including media noche bread, scacciata, meat pies, sausage rolls, guava turnovers, Spanish cuisine flan, Italian cookie, sandwiches, cakes and café con leche. The bakery is located at 2512 N 15th Street.

</doc>
<doc id="36732015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732015" title="Giles Bonnet">
Giles Bonnet

Giles Bonnet is a South African field hockey coach. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he coached the South Africa women's national field hockey team.

</doc>
<doc id="36732021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732021" title="Pedro, Prince of Brazil">
Pedro, Prince of Brazil

Pedro, Prince of Brazil (Lisbon, 19 October 1712 - Lisbon, 29 October 1714) was the second child of John V of Portugal and Maria Ana of Austria. He was made Prince of Brazil and Duke of Braganza upon his birth. He died at the age of two, making his brother Joseph (future Joseph I of Portugal) the new Prince of Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36732043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732043" title="1938–39 Western Football League">
1938–39 Western Football League

The 1938–39 season was the 42nd in the history of the Western Football League.
The Division One champions for the second time in their history were Lovells Athletic, after finishing bottom the previous season. The winners of Division Two for the second consecutive season were Trowbridge Town. There was again no promotion or relegation between the two divisions this season, and the league was restructured before the 1939–40 season following the outbreak of World War II.
Final tables.
Division One.
Division One was increased from five to six clubs, with one new club joining:
Division Two.
Division Two remained at eighteen clubs with no clubs leaving or joining.
1 The system of using goal average to separate two teams tied on points was used up to and including the 1976–77 season.
2 The points system: 2 points for a win, 1 point for a draw and 0 points for losing.
3 The tables as published at the time contained errors, hence the totals do not balance in some columns.

</doc>
<doc id="36732052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732052" title="Frank Kozloski">
Frank Kozloski

Frank Kozloski was an aeronautical engineer who worked on early tandem rotor helicopters and was one of the founders of Piasecki Helicopter's. 
Kozlowski was born in Edwardsville in 1916. His parents were Anthony and Stella Twardowska Kozloski. After graduating from Penn State University and Kozlowski worked for at Westinghouse in Sharon for a year. He left Westinghouse to study aeronautical engineering at NYU. On graduating in 1940, Kozloski joined Frank Piasecki, F.M.Vinsie, Walt Schwartz, Don Myers, and Elliott Daland who formed their own company where they designed the Piasecki PV-2. He met Drago Jovanovich while working at Piasecki's.
On 26 September 1944 he married Bertha S. Anisko and later worked for Kellett Autogiro Corporation in Philadelphia until being drafted into the Navy. After the war he joined with Jovanovich in forming HERC and moved with him to McCulloch's for a time. In the mid-1950s Kozlowski opened his own machine shop in California and worked for a number of years for the Hughes Aircraft Corporation. He was involved through Hughes with development of the F-102 and XF-103 fighter planes.
In the late 1950s Kosloski returned to Pennsylvania and worked for Boeing as a technical representative for the Bomarc Missile Program. He moved again in 1964 to Alabama to he work on the Apollo 11 project and then to Delaware to work on the Sea Knight helicopter. Koslowski retired from Boeing in 1981 due to ill health and moved to Maine. He died on 15 December 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="36732061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732061" title="Eduardo Gallardo">
Eduardo Gallardo

Eduardo Gallardo (born 20 April 1969) is an Argentine handball coach. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he coached the Argentina national handball team.

</doc>
<doc id="36732068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732068" title="Chalk Outline (song)">
Chalk Outline (song)

"Chalk Outline" is a song recorded by Canadian group Three Days Grace. It was released in August 2012 as the lead single from their fourth album, "Transit of Venus". The band released many "snippets" of the song before August 14 to tease fans. It reached No. 1 on the U.S. Active Rock Chart for a total of 10 weeks and won the "Rock Song of the Year" award given by Loudwire.
Music video.
"Chalk Outline" has a lyric video, which shows the lyrics of the song over a clip of a man walking around a city.
The band also released an official music video for "Chalk Outline" on October 5. The video shows Adam Gontier walking through a city, singing to the camera and passing the other band members on the way, culminating with the four of them meeting in a dark room, performing the song. The video was directed by Shane Drake.

</doc>
<doc id="36732101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732101" title="Craig Connell">
Craig Connell

Craig Connell is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36732102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732102" title="1983 Texas Longhorns baseball team">
1983 Texas Longhorns baseball team

The 1983 Texas Longhorns baseball team represented the University of Texas in the 1983 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Longhorns played their home games at Disch-Falk Field. The team was coached by Cliff Gustafson in his 17th season at Texas.
The Longhorns won the College World Series, defeating the Alabama Crimson Tide in the championship game.
Longhorns in the 1983 MLB Draft.
The following members of the Texas Longhorns baseball program were drafted in the 1983 Major League Baseball Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="36732105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732105" title="Arkhangelsky (rural locality)">
Arkhangelsky (rural locality)

Arkhangelsky (; masculine), Arkhangelskaya (; feminine), or Arkhangelskoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia.
Altai Krai.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Altai Krai bears this name:
Arkhangelsk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Arkhangelsk Oblast bears this name:
Republic of Bashkortostan.
As of 2010, two rural localities in the Republic of Bashkortostan bear this name:
Belgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Belgorod Oblast bear this name:
Bryansk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Bryansk Oblast bears this name:
Chelyabinsk Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Chelyabinsk Oblast bear this name:
Kirov Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Kirov Oblast bear this name:
Kostroma Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Kostroma Oblast bear this name:
Krasnodar Krai.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Krasnodar Krai bears this name:
Krasnoyarsk Krai.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Krasnoyarsk Krai bears this name:
Lipetsk Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Lipetsk Oblast bear this name:
Moscow Oblast.
As of 2010, five rural localities in Moscow Oblast bear this name:
Nizhny Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast bears this name:
Orenburg Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Orenburg Oblast bears this name:
Oryol Oblast.
As of 2010, six rural localities in Oryol Oblast bear this name:
Penza Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Penza Oblast bear this name:
Perm Krai.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Perm Krai bears this name:
Ryazan Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Ryazan Oblast bears this name:
Samara Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Samara Oblast bears this name:
Stavropol Krai.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Stavropol Krai bears this name:
Tambov Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Tambov Oblast bears this name:
Tula Oblast.
As of 2010, five rural localities in Tula Oblast bear this name:
Tver Oblast.
As of 2010, five rural localities in Tver Oblast bear this name:
Tyumen Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Tyumen Oblast bears this name:
Udmurt Republic.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Udmurt Republic bears this name:
Ulyanovsk Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Ulyanovsk Oblast bear this name:
Vologda Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Vologda Oblast bear this name:
Voronezh Oblast.
As of 2010, five rural localities in Voronezh Oblast bear this name:
Yaroslavl Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Yaroslavl Oblast bear this name:
Zabaykalsky Krai.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Zabaykalsky Krai bears this name:

</doc>
<doc id="36732113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732113" title="Ticketmaster LLC v. RMG Techs. Inc.">
Ticketmaster LLC v. RMG Techs. Inc.

Ticketmaster LLC v. RMG Techs. Inc. 507 F.Supp.2d. 1096, 1113 (C.D. Cal. 2007) was an infringement case heard by Judge Audrey B. Collins of the United States District Court for the Central District of California.
In this particular case, the Court held that Ticketmaster LLC ("Ticketmaster") was likely to prevail on claims of direct and contributory copyright infringement as a result of defendant RMG Technologies Inc. ("RMG") distribution of a software application that permitted its clients to circumvent Ticketmaster.com’s CAPTCHA access controls, and use Ticketmaster’s copyrighted website in a manner that violated the site’s Terms of Use. The Court held that RMG was likely to be found guilty of direct copyright infringement because when RMG viewed the site to create and test its product, it made unauthorized copies of Ticketmaster’s site in its computer’s RAM. In the instant case, the Court followed "Ticketmaster" to determine that Power Ventures' 'scraping' made an actionable "cache" copy of a Facebook profile page each time it accessed a user's profile page.

</doc>
<doc id="36732116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732116" title="Scott Doohan">
Scott Doohan

Scott Doohan is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Australia. He is Michael Doohan's brother.

</doc>
<doc id="36732126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732126" title="Aquele Abraço">
Aquele Abraço

"Aquele Abraço" (, English: "That Embrace") is a song in the samba genre by Brazilian singer-songwriter Gilberto Gil. Written during a period of military dictatorship and cultural censorship in Brazil, the lyrics invoke neighborhoods, landmarks, samba schools and popular culture figures of Rio de Janeiro. It was released as the third track, with an expanded version as track 11, on Gil's third album "Gilberto Gil", issued by Universal in 1969. On the tracks, he introduces the song as being "for Dorival Caymmi, João Gilberto and Caetano Veloso," all major Brazilian singer-songwriters.
Gil was inspired to write the song on Ash Wednesday of 1969, his last day before leaving Rio, shortly after he had been released from detention in a military prison in the neighborhood of Realengo, referenced in the song lyrics. Upon his return to his home town of Salvador, he was placed under house arrest, where he developed the melody and instrumentation and made the recordings. Although Gil was exiled to Europe by the summer of 1969, the song became a major hit in Brazil, with an extended stay at the top of the charts, and in August 1970 it was awarded the Golden Dolphin (Golphino d'Ouro) prize from the Sound and Image Museum (Museu da Imagem e do Som) in Rio. However, Gil refused to accept the prize, writing an angry response in the counter-cultural Brazilian journal "O Pasquim" titled "Rejeito + aceito = rejeito" [reject + accept = reject.
Among the cultural references in the lyrics are the fans of the Flamengo football team, the popular television personality Chacrinha, young girls of the favelas, the samba school Portela, and the Carnaval street parade Banda de Ipanema. In an interview in "O Pasquim" shortly after his exile, he explained that the song was his way of capturing the joy and happiness he had seen on the streets, which he had not felt for some time--"my intention was really, very simply, to give an embrace to the people of Rio...It was a song of encountering, not leaving." In that same interview, Gil also addressed the controversy of whether he had taken the title phrase "Aquele Abraço" from the popular Rio television personality Lilico. Gil asserted that he had never seen Lilico's show and that the phrase had existed in the Brazilian imagination for a long time, used in the same nostalgic sense that he had invoked in his song.
The song has since achieved an iconic status in Brazilian popular culture and was performed by MPB artists Marisa Monte and Seu Jorge at the closing ceremony of the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, as part of the preview of the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.

</doc>
<doc id="36732133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732133" title="Yesterdog">
Yesterdog

Yesterdog is a restaurant that specializes in hot dogs located in Eastown, Grand Rapids, Michigan. The restaurant is known for being the model for the restaurant hang out of the character in American Pie film. Despite being a hot dog restaurant, the Yesterdog does not serve a true Coney Island hot dog per the definition of a coney in "Coney Detroit".
History.
Yesterdog was found in 1976 in Eastown by Bill Louis. By 2008, Bill Lewis, a former Mr. Fables employee, apparently owns the Mr. Fables trademark and would be allowed access to the Mr. Fables secret recipes if he wished to restart the Mr. Fables restaurant. In February 2008, the Yesterdog building's windows were blown out by a gas explosion in a building across the street. In April 2010 issue of "Esquire" magazine, the restaurant was name one of "among great spots around the country 'Where Men Eat.'" The eatery cited its 8% increase in 2011 sales to the auto bailout in June 2011 stop of Barack Obama's reelection campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="36732135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732135" title="Zoro Garden">
Zoro Garden

Zoro Garden is a 6-acre sunken garden within Balboa Park in San Diego, California. It is located between the Reuben H. Fleet Science Center and the Casa de Balboa. The name refers to the Persian mystic Zoroaster.
The stone garden was originally built for the 1915-16 Panama-California Exposition. During the 1935-36 California Pacific International Exposition it was the site of the Zoro Garden Nudist Colony, which featured mostly-nude performers rather than practicing nudists. 
Zoro Garden is now planted as a butterfly garden. It is open to the public and can be reserved for special events.

</doc>
<doc id="36732145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732145" title="Devil's Knot (film)">
Devil's Knot (film)

"Devil's Knot" is a 2013 American biographical crime-drama thriller film directed by Atom Egoyan. The film is based on a true story as told in Mara Leveritt's 2002 book of the same name, concerning three teenagers known as the West Memphis Three, who were convicted of killing three young boys and subsequently sentenced to life in prison. Produced by Paul Harris Boardman, Elizabeth Fowler, Clark Peterson, Richard Saperstein, and Christopher Woodrow, the film stars Reese Witherspoon, Mireille Enos, Colin Firth, Dane DeHaan, Kevin Durand, Bruce Greenwood, Stephen Moyer, Elias Koteas, Amy Ryan, and Alessandro Nivola.
The film's world premiere was held at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival on September 8, 2013; this was to be followed by a wider release later in the year. The film had a limited release in Canadian theaters on January 24, 2014, and released in U.S. theaters and video on demand services on May 9, 2014.
Plot.
In 1993, in the working class community of West Memphis, Arkansas, three eight-year-old boys – Stevie Branch, Christopher Byers, and Michael Moore – go missing from their neighborhood. After an extensive search, their bound and beaten bodies are found the next day. The community and the police department are convinced that the murders are the work of a satanic cult due to the violent and sexual natures of the crime. A month later, three teenagers – Damien Echols, Jason Baldwin, and Jessie Misskelley Jr. – are arrested after Misskelley confesses after approximately four hours of interrogation. They are taken to trial where Baldwin and Misskelley are sentenced to life and Echols to death all while still claiming their innocence.
True story.
On May 5, 1993, three eight-year-old boys (Stevie Branch, Christopher Byers, and Michael Moore) went missing from their neighborhood in West Memphis, Arkansas. After an extensive search, their bound and beaten bodies were found the next day. The religious community and small police department were convinced that the murders were the work of a satanic cult due to the violent and apparent sexual nature of the crime. A month later, three teenagers (eighteen-year-old Damien Echols, sixteen-year-old Jason Baldwin, and seventeen-year-old Jessie Misskelley Jr.) were arrested after Misskelley, who was mentally handicapped, confessed after four hours of interrogation. Despite the lack of evidence connecting them to the crimes, they were convicted; Baldwin and Misskelley were sentenced to life and Echols to death. All three maintained their innocence and hired forensic experts and investigators to re-examine the evidence, which eventually lent credibility to their innocence. The new evidence uncovered new unidentified DNA and several hairs, one of which tied Branch's stepfather to the murders. This earned them powerful support, including celebrities and even the parents of two of the murdered children. Despite this, their appeals were rejected by a judge and state prosecutors.
In August 2011, after eighteen years of incarceration, the Arkansas Supreme Court granted an evidential hearing and had a new judge determine if the new evidence entitled the three men to a new trial. On August 19, they were allowed to walk free after they reached an agreement with prosecutors. They gave "Alford pleas" in exchange for time served and were allowed to walk free. To date, they are working towards a full exoneration and have vowed to find the real murderer of the three children.
Production.
Colin Firth was confirmed to have joined the cast on May 21, 2012. More casting announcements were made on June 27, 2012. The film is being produced by Elizabeth Fowler, Richard Saperstein, Clark Peterson, Paul Harris Boardman, and Christopher Woodrow, and the screenplay was written by Boardman and Scott Derrickson. The first image from the set was revealed on June 26, 2012.
Filming.
Filming began on June 16, 2012 in Georgia, cities of Morrow and Atlanta. The courthouse scenes were filmed at the Bartow County Courthouse in Cartersville.
Release.
The world premiere was held at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival on September 8, 2013.
The film was released in Canadian theaters (both English and French) on January 24, 2014.
Critical reception.
"Devil's Knot" received negative reviews; it currently holds a 24% rating on review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes based on 16 reviews. The general consensus states: "Director Atom Egoyan's noble intentions are impossible to deny, but "Devil's Knot" covers fact-based ground that's already been well-traveled with multiple (and far more compelling) documentaries, adding nothing worthwhile along the way." On Metacritic, the film has a 42/100 rating, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
See also.
These four critically acclaimed documentaries center on the West Memphis Three:

</doc>
<doc id="36732146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732146" title="Kai Rüütel">
Kai Rüütel

Kai Rüütel (born Tallinn, 1981) is a mezzo-soprano opera singer from Estonia.
Education.
Kai Rüütel studied at the Georg Ots Music School in Tallinn and then at the Koninklijk Conservatorium in The Hague and the Dutch National Opera Academy, graduating from the Masters programme with Special Honours. She won First Prize in the National Competition for Young Classical Singers in Estonia three years in a row in 2001, 2002 and 2003.
Operatic career.
In 2009 Rüütel became a member of the Jette Parker Young Artists Programme at the Royal Opera House, making her ROH debut as Venerable Lady in "The Gambler" and covering the role of Blanche. In the 09/10 season she sang Rosette in "Manon" and Flora in "La Traviata" and also performed these roles with the company when it toured to Japan with Antonio Pappano in September 2010.
In December 2010, she stepped in at the Royal Opera House for an indisposed Christine Rice as Hänsel in "Hänsel und Gretel". Her other roles at the ROH in the 2010/11 season included Second Lady in "Die Zauberflöte" conducted by Sir Colin Davis, and Dorothée in "Cendrillon". She also covered Madame Dangeville in "Adriana Lecouvreur", Charlotte in "Werther" and Dunyasha in "The Tsar’s Bride".
After graduating from the Jette Parker Young Artists Programme in 2011, she appeared in Scottish Opera's 2011-12 season as Hänsel in "Hansel and Gretel". She also returned to the Royal Opera House as Meg Page in "Falstaff", and Wellgunde in Keith Warner's productions of "Das Rheingold" and "Götterdämmerung". She has since also appeared as Blanche in Prokofiev's "The Gambler" for Dutch National Opera and Sonyetka in Shostakovich's "Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District" for Vlaamse Opera.
Recordings.
Rüütel appears as Dorothée in "Cendrillon" on DVD for Virgin Classics, released in 2012.
Personal life.
Rüütel is married to the Welsh baritone Paul Carey Jones. The pair met while working on Scottish Opera's production of "Hänsel und Gretel" in 2011/12, and were married at Sagadi Manor in Estonia in August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36732151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732151" title="Andre Lindal">
Andre Lindal

Andre Lindal (born February 19, 1977) is a Norwegian songwriter, record producer and musician from Oslo, now based in Los Angeles. He works with mega producer Rodney Jerkins, at Darkchild studios, and with a range of popular artists, including Justin Bieber, Kelly Clarkson, Nelly Furtado and Chris Medina. In 2011, he received a Grammy nomination for his work with Monica. In February 2013, he received a Grammy win with Kelly Clarkson's Stronger album who won Best Pop album.
Biography.
Lindal grew up in Hauketo, a small suburb of Oslo, and moved to the US to pursue a degree in Music Production & Engineering from Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts. After graduating Cum Laude in 2004, he moved to Los Angeles.
Songwriting & Production.
In 2010, Lindal co-wrote and produced the Monica song “Believing in Me” with the producing team, Stargate. The song was included in the album Still Standing which earned Lindal his first Grammy nomination for Best R&B Album. Andre was introduced by his music manager, Charles Stanton to Rodney Jerkins and was signed to his production team, Darkchild, in January 2011. Within a month, the duo wrote and produced the song “What Are Words” for American Idol Season 10 contestant Chris Medina that sat at the top of the Scandinavian music charts for over 19 weeks straight. They also wrote and produced the song “I Forgive You” for Kelly Clarkson’s latest album, Stronger, that has recently been certified Gold by the RIAA. In addition, Jerkins and Lindal have worked on music for television, teaming up with executive producer, Nick Cannon, on the soundtrack for the Nickelodeon movie, Rags. The soundtrack peaked at #1 on the iTunes soundtrack albums chart and #3 on the Top 100 albums on iTunes chart.
Currently, the newly released Justin Bieber single, "As Long As You Love Me", from Believe was written and produced by the duo; it was released on June 11, 2012 as a promotional single and later on July 10, 2012 as a radio single. The music video, featuring Kill Bill and Reservoir Dogs star, Michael Madsen, was released on August 1, 2012 and has been on top of YouTube 100 since its debut.

</doc>
<doc id="36732152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732152" title="Laborintus II (2012 recording)">
Laborintus II (2012 recording)

Laborintus II is a 2012 album by Belgian orchestra Ictus Ensemble, vocal group Nederlands Kamerkoor and American vocalist Mike Patton. It is a recording of the 1965 work of the same name by Italian composer Luciano Berio, which featured lyrics taken from fellow Italian Edoardo Sanguineti's 1956 poem "Laborintus". The performance was recorded live at the 2010 Holland Festival.
Berio's composition employs elements of jazz and electronic music, and Sanguineti's libretto borrows ideas from the works of Dante Alighieri, T. S. Eliot and Ezra Pound as well as using his own original work. Berio named "memory, death and usury" as the work's main concerns, believing these themes to be present in Dante's work.
Released on July 10, 2012, the album debuted at number 23 on the American "Billboard" Classic Albums chart. It has received mixed reviews from critics, most of whom highlighted its challenging and free-form composition.
Production.
"Laborintus II" is a recording the 1965 composition of the same name by Luciano Berio, who wrote it for the 700th anniversary of Dante Alighieri's birth. The libretto was provided by Edoardo Sanguineti, who included elements of his 1956 poem "Laborintus" in it. AllMusic's Thom Jurek described the original poem as speaking of "the timelessness of love and mourning, while acting as a critique of the commoditization of all things". In addition to Sanguineti's own poetry—itself based on themes found in Dante's "Divina Commedia", "Convivio" and "La Vita Nuova"—the work uses excerpts from the Bible and the writings of poets T. S. Eliot and Ezra Pound. Musically, "Laborintus II" incorporates elements of jazz and electronic music while sometimes evoking the style of Italian composer Claudio Monteverdi.
Berio described the main structure of "Laborintus II" as a "catalogue, in its medieval meaning" (exemplified by the "Etymologies" of Isodore of Seville), using Dante's themes of "memory, death and usury". Members of the Dutch choir Nederlands Kamerkoor, which performed in the recording, have also cited usury as a key theme in the work, describing the composition as "an indictment against the practice". Of the form, Berio wrote: "Individual words and sentences are sometimes to be regarded as autonomous entities, and sometimes to be perceived as part of the sound structure as a whole." The instrumentation of "Laborintus II" was written as an "extension" of the vocal material; its electronic section is likewise an extension of the instrumental music. Berio used car tyres and a blow-up doll on stage in a performance of the work at the Holland Festival in 1973.
The album was recorded live at the Holland Festival on June 18, 2010, in the Muziekgebouw aan 't IJ. The work was performed by Mike Patton and the Belgian Ictus Ensemble conducted by Georges-Elie Octors. Solos were performed by Ictus Ensemble clarinetist Dirk Descheemaeker, trumpeter Loïc Dumoulin, trombonist Michel Massot, double bass player Géry Cambier, and percussionists Michael Weilacher and Gerrit Nulens. Nederlands Kamerkoor provided the choral accompaniments. The album marks only the third recording of the composition to have been released since it was first broadcast on French radio by Office de Radiodiffusion Télévision Française. Patton has said of the work, "I can listen to Berio and Nono as easily as I can to Morricone but like all modern music of Italy, it is unfortunately marginalized ... Maybe because of the language barrier, maybe because it’s not easily understood. Berio, who was teaching in California when he wrote this piece, was listening to jazz, pop and folk music and incorporated all of it in his works without prejudice."
Composition.
"Laborintus II" combines orchestral, choral and spoken elements throughout its three parts. Patton's spoken narration is delivered in Italian, although taped samples feature Sanguineti speaking in English. From a whisper to a shout, the words carry a variety of emotional tones as the work progresses. The choral parts respond to the narration both with unified chanting and with disjointed arguing, the latter serving to increase the tension. They are accompanied by three female vocalists whose voices range from soprano singing to "cooing" and "howling".
The music incorporates elements of jazz and 20th-century avant-garde. The instruments in the orchestra frequently interrupt both each other and the female voices, and some sections of the composition seem as though they are improvised. "Laborintus II" makes use of both traditional percussion instruments and electronic sounds, and their interplay serves to "erect musical and textural architectures, then disassemble them quickly". Max Feldman has compared the style to that of Raymond Scott.
The first part of the composition features the three female voices creating a "mournful" tone while the orchestra plays recurring musical passages. The second part is a discordant crescendo, as Patton's narration becomes increasingly shouted and the orchestral accompaniment more "hyperactive". The third and final part returns to a calmer tone, focussing on drums and jazz woodwind instruments.
Release and reception.
"Laborintus II" was released on July 10, 2012, through Patton's record label Ipecac Recordings. In the United States, the album debuted on the "Billboard" Classic Albums chart at number 23; it spent one week on the chart.
The album received mixed reviews from critics. Review aggregation website Metacritic awarded it an average score of 58 out of 100, based on eight reviews. Writing for "The A.V. Club", Chris Mincher rated the album B−, calling it "challenging, uncompromising, and bordering on inaccessible". Mincher felt that the album was abstract and difficult but contained "hidden payoffs" to reward repeated hearings. He called Patton's arrangements "haunting" and "wraithlike". AllRovi's Thom Jurek rated the album 3.5 stars out of 5, describing the recording as "a very nearly dazzling endeavor that rewards patience mightily". Jurek felt that, as an album, "Laborintus II" was difficult to grasp at first, by virtue of being a recording of theatrical music, but he praised the performance of Ictus Ensemble, writing of their "bracing freshness and mischievous glee". Eli Kleman of Sputnikmusic rated it 3.5 out of 5, finding it "fascinating if not unwieldy". He felt that "Laborintus II" was perhaps Patton's most ambitious album to date, but noted that the musician has previously produced similarly "avant-garde" records in the past. Kleman described the composition as "somber, beautiful, and ominous, but always affecting".
Max Feldman of PopMatters awarded "Laborintus II" a rating of seven out of ten, finding Berio's composition "challenging" and "exhausting". He noted the work's free jazz elements, comparing it to the 1970 Miles Davis album "Bitches Brew". Feldman felt that the music "constantly emphasises its own unpredictability". Consequence of Sound's Carson O'Shoney rated the album three stars out of five, calling it "unlike anything else you’ve ever heard". O'Shoney felt that the music might need more than one hearing to appreciate it, adding that it "runs the gauntlet from quiet, jazzy atmospherics to brazen, unsettling primal noise". A review for "Q" magazine described "Laborintus II" as "tedious", finding the album disorienting. "Spin" Christopher R. Weingarten rated it 7 out of 10, calling it an "orchestra/tape collision crisper".

</doc>
<doc id="36732167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732167" title="Park Royal Stadium">
Park Royal Stadium

Park Royal Stadium was a greyhound stadium that existed between 1931 and 1969.
The Stadium was built on the Park Royal site in London on the Abbey Road in 1931 and was owned by Park Royal Stadium Limited.
The stadium was enlarged for use by Acton and Willesden rugby league club in 1935.
The Greyhound Racing Association added the track to their portfolio and in 1967 Park Royal was one of the pioneer tracks used on the Bookmakers Afternoon Greyhound Service (BAGS) along with Kings Heath, Stamford Bridge and Oxford. This was the process of allowing the racing to be used in bookmakers shops.
Just two years later on 22 January 1969 the stadium was literally closed overnight after being sold for redevelopment and their main race the One Thousand Guineas moved to Hendon Stadium. 

</doc>
<doc id="36732196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732196" title="1990 Central American Games">
1990 Central American Games

The IV Central American Games ("Spanish: IV Juegos Deportivos Centroamericanos") was a multi-sport event that took place between 5–14 January 1990. The games were officially opened by Honduran president José Azcona. Torch lighter was Zacarías Arzú, who represented Honduras internationally in both baseball and football.
Participation.
The Games saw the first appearance of athletes from Belize. Panamá did not participate because of the recent political and military incidents. Therefore, athletes from only 6 countries were reported to participate:
Sports.
The competition featured 23 disciplines from 22 sports (plus bodybuilding as exhibition).
†: Exhibition event
Medal table (incomplete).
The table below is taken from "El Diario de Hoy", San Salvador, El Salvador, and from El Nuevo Diario, Managua, Nicaragua.
External links.
An almost complete list of medal winners can be found on the MásGoles webpage
(click on "JUEGOS CENTROAMERICANOS" in the low right corner).

</doc>
<doc id="36732200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732200" title="Chauncey M. Abbott">
Chauncey M. Abbott

Chauncey Milton Abbott (1822 – November 11, 1863) was an American politician from New York.
Life.
He was born in that part of the Town of Sempronius which was separated in 1833 as the Town of Niles, in Cayuga County, New York.
In 1845, he married Adaline Oakley (1823–1907), and they had several children.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Cayuga Co., 2nd D.) in 1858 and 1859.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (25th D.) in 1862 and 1863.
He died at his residence in Niles, and was buried at the Twelve Corners Cemetery there.

</doc>
<doc id="36732201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732201" title="Yismake Worku">
Yismake Worku

Yismake Worku (Amharic: ይስማዕከ ወርቁ) is an Ethiopian author. He was only 22 when his book, "Dertogada", was published. Yismake has published 8 books. "Dertogada" has been translated to English by Zelalem Nigussie.
List of works:
References.
http://www.addisadmassnews.com/
http://www.mereb.com.et/

</doc>
<doc id="36732209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732209" title="1939–40 Western Football League">
1939–40 Western Football League

The 1939–40 season was the 43rd in the history of the Western Football League.
Upon the outbreak of World War II in 1939, many clubs left the Western League and it was reduced to a single division of eleven clubs. The champions for the first time in their history were Trowbridge Town, though they had won the old Division Two the previous season. This was the last season for the Western League until 1945–46, as all normal football activity was suspended during the war.
Final table.
The league was reduced to a single division of eleven clubs after the departure of Bath City, Bristol City "A", Bristol Rovers Reserves and their "A" team, Frome Town, Lovells Athletic, Poole Town, Portland United, Salisbury City, Street, Torquay United Reserves, Warminster Town, Weymouth, and Yeovil and Petters United and their reserve team. Two new clubs joined the league:
1 The system of using goal average to separate two teams tied on points was used up to and including the 1976–77 season.
2 The points system: 2 points for a win, 1 point for a draw and 0 points for losing.

</doc>
<doc id="36732217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732217" title="Parasoft C/C++test">
Parasoft C/C++test

Parasoft C/C++test (previously named Parasoft C++test and Parasoft CodeWizard) is an automated C and C++ static analysis and software testing tool. It is a commercial tool available as part of Parasoft's Development Testing platform.
The product includes technology for static code analysis, unit test case generation and execution, code coverage analysis, regression testing, runtime error detection, requirements traceability, and code review. 
Parasoft C/C++test won Software Test and Performances’ 2008 Testers Choice Award in the best embedded/mobile test/performance category. It was selected as VDC's Software Embeddy "Best in Show" award winner in 2012. C/C++test customers include Samsung Electronics, Wipro, NEC, and SELEX Sistemi Integrati

</doc>
<doc id="36732233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732233" title="Census taker">
Census taker

Census taker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36732236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732236" title="Cat in Repose">
Cat in Repose

Cat in Repose, also known as Seated Cat, is a stone sculpture composed of Indiana Limestone, located on the Transit Mall of downtown Portland, Oregon. Designed and created by Kathleen McCullough (née Conchuratt) in 1977, the sculpture is currently installed near the intersection of Southwest Fifth Avenue and Southwest Morrison Street. "Cat in Repose" is part of the City of Portland and Multnomah County Public Art Collection courtesy of the Regional Arts & Culture Council.
Description.
"Cat in Repose" is a stone sculpture composed of Indiana Limestone, created by Kathleen McCullough (née Conchuratt) in 1977. McCullough also sculpted "Limestone Lion" (1983), a similar stone work donated by CitiCorp to the Lincoln Park Zoo in memory of A. Rush Watkins, the Chicago businessman who helped establish the Lincoln Park Zoological Society and later served as its president. Both works, depicting reclining felines, are considered interactive art for providing surfaces on which to lean or climb.
The sculpture measures . According to the Regional Arts & Culture Council, the sculpture is "one of the most celebrated sculptures along the Portland Transit Mall and is especially dear to children".

</doc>
<doc id="36732237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732237" title="George C. Tichenor">
George C. Tichenor

George C. Tichenor (October 8, 1838 - July 11, 1902) was a Member of the Board of General Appraisers.
Biography.
Tichenor was born on October 8, 1838, in Shelbyville, Kentucky. He served as a clerk for the United States District Court for the District of Iowa from 1859 to 1861. He served as a Colonel in the United States Army from 1862 to 1866. He served as Postmaster of Des Moines, Iowa from 1867 to 1872. He served as a special agent of the United States Department of the Treasury from 1871 to 1889. He served as a special agent for the Port of Philadelphia for the Treasury Department from 1878 to 1879. He served as assistant secretary of the treasury in Washington, D.C. from 1889 to 1890.
Federal Judicial Service.
On July 2, 1890, President Harrison nominated Tichenor to serve as a Member of the newly created Board of General Appraisers. He was confirmed by the Senate on July 16, 1890 and received his commission the same day. He served as President of the Board from 1890 to 1897. He remained on the board until his death and was succeeded by Eugene Gano Hay.
Death.
Tichenor died on July 11, 1902, in East Orange, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="36732254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732254" title="Tony Agbayani">
Tony Agbayani

Tony J. Agbayani. Jr. is an American judge. He is Judge of the Superior Court of San Joaquin County, California. In 1985 he authored an article on animal cruelty, "Animal Wrongs". He is based in Manteca, California and is also on the Faculty of Humphreys College Laurence Drivon School of Law.

</doc>
<doc id="36732268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732268" title="Palazzo Campanella">
Palazzo Campanella

Palazzo Tommaso Campanella, mostly called Palazzo Campanella, is a major building in Reggio Calabria, Italy, as it is the seat of the Regional Council of Calabria (Consiglio Regionale della Calabria).
Dedicated to the Calabrian philosopher Tommaso Campanella, this building is located in the street called "Cardinale Portanova". 
Actually, the Riace bronzes, one of the symbols of Calabria, are hosted in the Palazzo Campanella.

</doc>
<doc id="36732273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732273" title="Guskō Budori no Denki">
Guskō Budori no Denki

, or "The Life of Guskō Budori", is a 2012 Japanese animated film directed by Gisaburō Sugii.
The movie is based on the 1932 fantasy novel by the same name by Kenji Miyazawa. Like Night on the Galactic Railroad before it, the characters are depicted as anthropomorphic cats.
It is the second animated movie adaptation of the story. The previous adaptation was released in 1994 by Bandai Visual.

</doc>
<doc id="36732282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732282" title="List of players with the most goals in an association football game">
List of players with the most goals in an association football game

This is a list of players with the most goals in an association football game. The list only includes players who have scored the most multiple goals in first class or fully professional matches for country or club.
The current world record for an international is held by Archie Thompson who scored 13 goals against American Samoa in Australia's 31–0 victory during the 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification. In the same match David Zdrilic scored eight goals.
In the most prolific European football leagues, the Premier League and the Football League First Division before it, La Liga, Serie A and the Bundesliga, the top scorers per game have much lower tallies, seven in England and Spain and six in Italy and Germany. The last player in these leagues to score seven goals in a match was László Kubala in 1952 for FC Barcelona.
List.
The players are listed by number of goals scored in an individual game. Players on equal goals are listed in chronological order with the earlier ones on top.

</doc>
<doc id="36732306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732306" title="Dreamchasers">
Dreamchasers

Dreamchasers is a mixtape by American rapper Meek Mill it is his first since signing his record deal with Maybach Music Group, hosted by DJ Drama. It is the first installment in the "Dreamchasers" series, and was released on August 11, 2011 on professional mixtape website Datpiff. "Dreamchasers" features guest appearances by American rappers Young Chris, Rick Ross, Beanie Sigel, Mel Love, NH, Yo Gotti, and Young Pooh. Production includes A One, All Star, The Beat Bully, Jahlil Beats, and Lex Luger. 
Reception.
Critical response.
Upon its release "Dreamchasers" received generally positive reviews from music critics. Jordan Sargent of Pitchfork Media gave the mixtape a 7.4 out of 10, saying "Meek is being groomed for rap stardom, and the genre would be better off if he were able to get there. But while his proximity to Rick Ross has accelerated his career and will continue to open doors for his art, it's important for him to remember that he's not Ross and doesn't need to be. There are plenty of mid-tier rappers willing to merely ride out Lex Luger's wave, but Meek has enough dimensions to be in it for the long haul." Carl Chery of XXL gave the mixtape an XL, saying "Clocking in at 75 minutes, Dreamchasers could stand to lose a few songs, but the 21-track tape never feels like a drag—primarily because of Meek’s perpetually urgent delivery. In addition to a seemingly never-ending array of high-energy verses, the disc also shows Meek’s growth into a capable conceptual songwriter. In enlisting Drama, it’s clear what Meek’s objective is here—to add Chasers to the select list of breakthrough mixtapes (see: Young Jeezy’s Trap or Die, Lil Wayne’s Dedication) that Mr. Thanksgiving has helmed over the years. Calling Dreamchasers a classic may be a bit of a stretch, but it undoubtedly precipitates anticipation for Meek’s eventual debut." Edwin Ortiz of HipHopDX gave the mixtape a positive review, saying "Dream Chasers is an extension of what Meek Mill solidified on Self Made Vol. 1: a young hungry emcee who has found the right supporting cast to push his brand of Rap. The lengthy track list could be a bit cumbersome for listeners just getting into his music, but for the supporters of his Flamerz series, Dream Chasers is a nice addition to his ever growing collection. In any case, Meek Mill should have changed the title of this project, because frankly it seems like his dreams are fast becoming reality."

</doc>
<doc id="36732332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732332" title="Félix Hernández's perfect game">
Félix Hernández's perfect game

On August 15, 2012, Félix Hernández of the Seattle Mariners pitched the 23rd perfect game in Major League Baseball history and the first in Mariners' franchise history. Pitching against the Tampa Bay Rays at Safeco Field in Seattle, Washington, Hernández retired all 27 batters that he faced and tallied 12 strikeouts in a 1–0 victory.
This was the third perfect game of the 2012 Major League Baseball season, following perfect games thrown by Philip Humber and Matt Cain, marking the first time that three perfect games were thrown in one MLB season. Also, as the Mariners were the losing team in Humber's perfect game, this was the first time that a team was on the losing and winning end of a perfect game in the same season. As Philip Humber's perfect game took place when the White Sox were visiting Safeco Field, this marked the first time two perfect games were thrown in the same park in the same season. It was also the second time in 2012 that the Mariners had pitched a no-hitter at Safeco Field; they pitched a combined no-hitter on June 8, beating the Los Angeles Dodgers, also 1–0, making it the first time that a team pitched a combined no-hitter and complete game no-hitter in the same season. It also marked the third time the Tampa Bay Rays had been on the receiving end of a perfect game in four seasons, having previously failed to reach first base against Dallas Braden in 2010 and Mark Buehrle in 2009.
The game.
Hernández threw 113 pitches, 77 of them strikes, striking out the side in the sixth and the eighth innings. Jeremy Hellickson, the starting pitcher for Tampa Bay, allowed one run in seven innings on a run batted in single by Jesús Montero in the third inning. Rays manager Joe Maddon was ejected from the game in the seventh inning for arguing a called strike with the home plate umpire Rob Drake.

</doc>
<doc id="36732346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732346" title="List of Scan2Go episodes">
List of Scan2Go episodes

The following is a list of episodes of the Japanese/Korean animated television series Scan2Go. The series premiered on September 1, 2012 at 7:00/6:00c on Cartoon Network.

</doc>
<doc id="36732362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732362" title="Jan Mittlöhner">
Jan Mittlöhner

Jan Mittlöhner (born 1902 – died "unknown") was a Czechoslovak soldier and skier. He competed in military ski patrol at the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix, where the Czechoslovak team placed forth.

</doc>
<doc id="36732365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732365" title="Pamela Palmater">
Pamela Palmater

Pamela Palmater (born 1970) is a Mi'kmaq lawyer, professor, activist and politician from Mi'kma'ki, New Brunswick, Canada. A frequent media political commentator, she appears for Aboriginal Peoples Television Network's InFocus, CTV, and CBC. She is an associate professor and the academic director of the Centre for Indigenous Governance at Ryerson University.
Early life and education.
Palmater's family is from Eel River, New Brunswick. She graduated with a Bachelor of Arts from Saint Thomas University in 1994 with a double major in Native Studies and History. She then graduated from the University of New Brunswick in 1997 with a Bachelor of Laws. In 1999, she graduated from Dalhousie University with a Master in Laws in Aboriginal Law. In 2009, Palmater obtained a Doctorate in Aboriginal Law from Dalhousie University Law School with her thesis entitled, ""Beyond Blood: Rethinking Aboriginal Identity and Belonging"".
Career.
Palmater is active in the Assembly of First Nations and is head of the Centre for Indigenous Governance at Ryerson University, where she is an associate professor in the Department of Politics and Public Administration. She worked for the federal government for over ten years, and was a director at Indian and Northern Affairs managing portfolios responsible for First Nations treaties, land claims and self-government.
In 2012, Palmater was the runner up in the Assembly of First Nations leadership elections for national chief. 
Awards.
2012 YWCA Woman of Distinction Award in Social Justice.
Publications.
"Stretched Beyond Human Limits: Death by Poverty in First Nations" (for publication in 2012).
"Beyond Blood: Rethinking Indigenous Identity and Belonging." (Saskatoon: Purich Publishing, 2011)
"Our Children, Our Future, Our Vision: First Nation Jurisdiction over First Nation Education for the Chiefs of Ontario"
"In My Brother’s Footsteps: Is R. v. Powley the Path to Recognized Aboriginal Identity for Non-Status Indians?" in J. Magnet, D. Dorey, eds., Aboriginal Rights Litigation (Markham: LexisNexis, 2003) 149.
"Stretched Beyond Human Limits: Death by Poverty in First Nations" (2012) 65/66 Canadian Review of Social Policy.

</doc>
<doc id="36732376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732376" title="Group 4 (company)">
Group 4 (company)

Group 4 was a security business operating primarily in the United Kingdom and latterly worldwide.
History.
The company was established by Jörgen Philip-Sörensen, as a division of Securitas AB in 1968. The name derives from the fact that it brought together four different British security businesses into a single entity which became known as "Group 4 Total Security" and which was demerged from Securitas AB in 1981. Following the decision by the British Government in 1993 to enter into a contract with Group 4 to provide security for prisons, the company was embarrassed after a series of security blunders, including escaped prisoners. It merged with Falck, a Danish security business, in June 2000 to form Group 4 Falck.
Controversies.
1993 prisoner escapes in the United Kingdom.
In April 1993, Group 4 held a carefully stage managed press conference to resolve public relations problems after four prisoners were lost in the first seven days of their contract to transport prisoners. Shortly after the press conference it was revealed a further two had been lost. Tony Blair described their performance as a comedy of errors during the first ten days of their contract.

</doc>
<doc id="36732388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732388" title="2008 Summer Olympics closing ceremony flag bearers">
2008 Summer Olympics closing ceremony flag bearers

The flag bearers of 204 National Olympic Committees (NOCs) arrived into the main Olympic Stadium, during the closing ceremony of the 2008 Summer Olympics, held in Beijing on 24 August 2008. The flag bearers from each participating country entered the stadium informally in single file, and behind them marched all the athletes without any distinction or grouping by nationality. The blending of all the athletes is a tradition that dates from the 1956 Summer Olympics, after a suggestion by Australian-born British student John Ian Wing, who thought it would be a way of bringing the athletes of the world together as "one nation." The flags of each country were not necessarily carried by the same flag bearer as in the opening ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="36732405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732405" title="Iamdudum">
Iamdudum

"Iamdudum (on the law of separation in Portugal)" is an encyclical of Pope Pius X, promulgated on May 24, 1911, which condemned Portuguese anticlericals for their deprivation of religious civil liberties in the wake of the 5 October 1910 revolution and the "incredible series of excesses and crimes which has been enacted in Portugal for the oppression of the Church."
The revolution and the republic which it spawned were anticlerical and had a "hostile" approach to the issue of church and state separation, like that of the French Revolution, the Spanish Constitution of 1931 and the Mexican Constitution of 1917. As part of the anticlerical revolution, the bishops were driven from their dioceses, the property of clerics was seized by the state, wearing of the cassock was banned, all minor seminaries were closed and all but five major seminaries. A law of February 22, 1918 permitted only two seminaries in the country, but they had not been given their property back. Religious orders were expelled from the country, including 31 orders comprising members in 164 houses (in 1917 some orders were permitted to reform). Religious education was prohibited in both primary and secondary school.

</doc>
<doc id="36732411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732411" title="Podesva Trener">
Podesva Trener

The Podesva Trener () is a Czech ultralight aircraft that was designed by Tomas Podesva and produced by Podesva Air of Ujezd u Unicova. The aircraft a faithful 80% scale reproduction of the Zlin 126 and is supplied as plans, as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
Design and development.
Podesva designs and builds reproductions of famous aircraft on a custom basis for customers. The Trener was designed to comply with the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight rules. It features a cantilever low-wing, a two-seats-in-tandem enclosed cockpit under a framed canopy, fixed conventional landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft fuselage is made from welded steel tubing, with the wings made from aluminum sheet. Its span wing has an area of and flaps. The standard engine available is the Walter Mikron IIIb four cylinder, four-stroke powerplant.

</doc>
<doc id="36732440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732440" title="Elmer E. Dunlap">
Elmer E. Dunlap

Elmer E. Dunlap was an architect of Indianapolis, Indiana and a contractor from Columbus, Indiana, who worked often on projects designed by prolific architect William Ittner.
He designed a number of Indianapolis schools. According to one source his "most
notable effort was P. S. #26 with its V-shaped layout".
A number of Dunlap works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Works include:

</doc>
<doc id="36732448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732448" title="Paul Gilding">
Paul Gilding

Paul Gilding is an Australian environmentalist, consultant, and author. Gilding, a former executive director of Greenpeace International,and a fellow at the Post Carbon Institute, is the author of "The Great Disruption: Why the Climate Crisis Will Bring On the End of Shopping and the Birth of a New World" (2011). In 2012, Gilding delivered a presentation on the thesis of his book at the 2012 TED conference titled "The Earth is Full", which earned him press attention. He lives in southern Tasmania with his wife and children.
Career.
Gilding started his career as an activist in his early teens, focusing on South African "apartheid" and Aboriginal land rights. While serving in the Australian Air Force, he also became involved in the nuclear disarmament movement. According to an interview on "AlterNet", Gilding's experience in anti-nuclear politics led to a greater awareness of environmental issues and led him to join Greenpeace in the 1980s, becoming involved in direct actions against corporate polluters. Between 1989 and 1994, Gilding served as the executive director of Greenpeace Australia and, later, Greenpeace International.
"The Great Disruption".
In "The Great Disruption", Gilding posits that the ongoing financial crisis is a symptom of human civilization growing beyond Earth's ability to support it, and is tied to the threat posed by climate change and other forms of environmental degradation. Because of this, Gilding calls for an end to the whole concept of exponential economic growth, which he blames for the consumption and waste that has led to both the economic and ecological crises facing mankind and modern civilization.
Furthermore, in a departure from many environmental writers — such as James Lovelock, Clive Hamilton, Richard Heinberg and James Howard Kunstler — Gilding argues that people will work together through the climate crisis and that humanity as a whole will eventually act in time to save civilization, "albeit" too late to prevent catastrophic consequences; Gilding bases this argument on the ingenuity of past generations in the midst of crisis, particularly World War II. Gilding also believes that the global economy will fully embrace sustainable energy when societies fully accept the reality of climate change and abandon fossil fuel resources.

</doc>
<doc id="36732463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732463" title="Diplomatic and Consular Premises Act 1987">
Diplomatic and Consular Premises Act 1987

The Diplomatic and Consular Premises Act 1987 is an Act of Parliament passed by the United Kingdom Parliament which allows the UK government to determine what land is considered to be diplomatic or consular premises.
The act was a result of a government review of the law related to the inviolability of diplomatic premises following the 1984 Libyan Embassy Siege.
The law has only been used once, for the Cambodian embassy in London, which had been occupied by squatters. The embassy has been used by the Government of Cambodia before it was overthrown by Pol Pot in 1975. Whilst that government was recognised by Britain, no diplomatic mission was established before Cambodia was invaded by Vietnam in 1978, and the building came into the care of the British Foreign Office. The squatters moved in whilst the embassy was vacant in 1976, and in 1988 they would have gained title to the building following twelve years of continuous occupation. Hence an order was made, the Diplomatic and Consular Premises (Cambodia) Order 1988, to de-recognise the diplomatic premises so that legal action could be taken to remove the squatters.
In 2012 the UK government said it was considering using the law after Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, sought refuge in the Ecuadorian embassy in London, to avoid being extradited to Sweden where he faces allegations of sexual assault.

</doc>
<doc id="36732479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732479" title="2012 FedEx Cup Playoffs">
2012 FedEx Cup Playoffs

The 2012 FedEx Cup Playoffs, the series of four golf tournaments that determined the season champion on the U.S.-based PGA Tour, began on August 23 and ended on September 23. It included the following four events:
Brandt Snedeker won the FedEx Cup by winning the Tour Championship.
These were the sixth FedEx Cup playoffs since their inception in 2007. 
The point distributions can be seen here.
Final leaderboard.
For the full list see here.
The Barclays.
The Barclays was played August 23–26. Of the 125 players eligible to play in the event, two did not enter: Jason Dufner (ranked 2) and Spencer Levin (45). Of the 123 entrants, 75 made the second-round cut at 143 (+1).
Nick Watney won by three strokes over Brandt Snedeker and moved to first place in the standings. The top 100 players in the points standings advanced to the Deutsche Bank Championship. This included six players who were outside the top 100 prior to The Barclays: Graham DeLaet (ranked 106th to 44th), Bob Estes (103 to 62), David Hearn (108 to 67), Jason Day (113 to 88), Tommy Gainey (102 to 91), and Jonas Blixt (101 to 97). Six players started the tournament within the top 100 but ended the tournament outside the top 100, ending their playoff chances: John Mallinger (ranked 88th to 101st), Will Claxton (89 to 102), Chad Campbell (91 to 104), Andrés Romero (93 to 106), Fredrik Jacobson (95 to 105), and Chris Stroud (99 to 110).
Deutsche Bank Championship.
The Deutsche Bank Championship was played August 31 – September 3. Of the 100 players eligible to play in the event, two did not enter: Sergio García (ranked 10) and David Toms (89). Of the 98 entrants, 78 made the second-round cut at one-over-par, 145.
Rory McIlroy won by one stroke over Louis Oosthuizen and moved into first place in the standings. The top 70 players in the points standings advanced to the BMW Championship. This included nine players who were outside the top 70 prior to the Deutsche Bank Championship: Jeff Overton (83 to 40), Bryce Molder (93 to 45), D. A. Points (72 to 54), Troy Matteson (78 to 59), Matt Every (75 to 63), Chris Kirk (81 to 66), Charl Schwartzel (71 to 68), Charley Hoffman (86 to 69) and Dicky Pride (96 to 70). Nine players started the tournament within the top 70 but ended the tournament outside the top 70, ending their playoff chances: Josh Teater (64 to 73), John Rollins (58 to 74), Scott Stallings (61 to 75), Ken Duke (60 to 76), Harris English (63 to 79), Jonathan Byrd (69 to 82), Spencer Levin (66 to 83), Charles Howell III (68 to 84) and Brian Davis (70 to 85).
BMW Championship.
The BMW Championship was played September 6–9. All 70 players eligible to play in the event did so. There was no cut.
Rory McIlroy won his second straight playoff event. He won by two strokes over Phil Mickelson and Lee Westwood. Two players played their way into the Tour Championship: Robert Garrigus (ranked 31 to ranked 20) by finishing tied for 4th, and Ryan Moore (35 to 28) by finishing T-10. Two players played their way out of the Tour Championship: Kyle Stanley (30 to 31) by finishing T-34, and Bill Haas (28 to 32) by finishing T-45. Haas was the defending FedEx Cup champion and this was the sixth straight year that the defending champion failed to make the Tour Championship. Three players, Hunter Mahan, Phil Mickelson, and Steve Stricker, have made the Tour Championship in each year of the playoffs.
The top 30 players in FedEx Cup points after this event advanced to the Tour Championship and also earned spots in the 2013 Masters Tournament, U.S. Open, and (British) Open Championship.
With the FedEx Cup points reset after the BMW Championship, all 30 remaining players have at least a mathematical chance to secure the season crown, and any of the top five players can claim the FedEx Cup with a win in the Tour Championship.
Reset points.
The points were reset after the BMW Championship.
Tour Championship.
The Tour Championship was played September 20–23, after a one-week break. All 30 golfers who qualified for the tournament played, and there was no cut. Brandt Snedeker won the tournament by three shots from Justin Rose, and the FedEx Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36732490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732490" title="Gia Olous">
Gia Olous

Gia olous… O Giannis Kalatzis se tragoudia tou Toli Voskopoulou ke Nikou Lavranou (Greek: "Για όλους… Ο Γιάννης Καλατζής σε τραγούδια του Τόλη Βοσκόπουλου και Νίκου Λαβράνου"; ) is the name of a studio album by Greek singer Giannis Kalatzis. It was released in April, 1981 by Minos EMI in Greece. This album was issued in mono and stereo. The stereo version of this album was released on CD in the 1990s by Minos EMI.

</doc>
<doc id="36732494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732494" title="Franklin O-805">
Franklin O-805

The Franklin O-805 was an American air-cooled aircraft piston engine, designed in the mid-1940s and was to be used in radio-controlled pilotless drones that were to be guided from an accompanying control plane. Due to project requirement changes and cancellations the engine was not produced.

</doc>
<doc id="36732502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732502" title="Kokomo High School and Memorial Gymnasium">
Kokomo High School and Memorial Gymnasium

The Kokomo High School and Memorial Gymnasium in Kokomo, Indiana was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. It is a work of architect Elmer Dunlap and others, in Late Gothic Revival architecture and Moderne architecture. It has also been known as the Central Middle School and Memorial Gymnasium. The NRHP listing included three contributing buildings on .

</doc>
<doc id="36732513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732513" title="Council of Institutional Investors">
Council of Institutional Investors

Council of Institutional Investors is a nonprofit "association of pension funds and other employee benefit funds, foundations and endowments" that "promotes the interests of institutional investors in the United States". It describes its mission as to "educate its members, policymakers and the public about corporate governance, shareowner rights and related investment issues, and to advocate on members' behalf." 
The CII was founded in 1985 by 21 public pension fund officials and has grown to include 125 institutional investors (public, union and corporate employee benefit plans and foundations and endowments) whose combined assets "exceed $3 trillion" 
It maintains its headquarters in Washington, D.C.", and as of mid-2012 its chair was Anne Sheehan (California State Teachers' Retirement System), and co-chairs were Lydia Beebe, Jay Chaudhuri, and Patrick O’Neill.

</doc>
<doc id="36732517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732517" title="Cross (1987 film)">
Cross (1987 film)

Cross is a French crime film written and directed by Philippe Setbon.
Synopsis.
The divorced cop Eli Cantor once brought a man called Simon Leenhardt behind bars. Leenhardt has sworn revenge to Cantor. He escapes from an insane asylum for criminals and breaks into the house where Cantor's family lives. With a team of psychopaths he takes everybody in the house as hostage. Eli feels he can't risk to ask for official help. He plans to tackle the situation discretly. Unfortunately his best friend in the police force refuses to help him. So Eli looks out for another potential partner. He comes across the adventurer Thomas Crosky who engages in illegal fights just for kicks. Together they sneak into the house. Meanwhile Leenhardt tries to make friends with Cantor's family but his manic accomplices get more and more out of control.

</doc>
<doc id="36732529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732529" title="Embassy of Ecuador, London">
Embassy of Ecuador, London

The Embassy of Ecuador in London is the diplomatic mission of Ecuador in the United Kingdom. It is headed by the Ambassador of Ecuador to the United Kingdom. It is located in the Knightsbridge district in a building it shares with the Embassy of Colombia, near Harrods, Hyde Park, and Hans Place, precisely at 3 Hans Crescent at the intersection of Basil Street, and it is served by the Knightsbridge station.
The Ecuadorian Embassy also serves as the temporary home of the Australian editor, activist, publisher and journalist Julian Assange, who initially entered it on 19 June 2012 claiming diplomatic asylum, which was eventually granted by the Ecuadorian government on 16 August 2012.
The Embassy is charged with representing the interests of the President and Government of Ecuador, improving diplomatic relations between Ecuador and the accredited countries, promoting and improving the image and standing of Ecuador in the accredited nations, promoting the Culture of Ecuador, encouraging and facilitating tourism to and from Ecuador, and ensuring the safety of Ecuadorians abroad.
The structure that houses the Embassy is a white stucco-fronted red-brick building on Hans Crescent in the Knightsbridge area of London. The embassy is a suite of rooms occupying part of the ground floor of the building, which has been described as an "apartment block".
Ecuador also maintains a Consulate at 144-146 Kings Cross Road, London WC1. and an Office of the Naval Assistant and Permanent Representative to the International Maritime Organization at 61 Wimbledon Hill Road, Wimbledon.
Asylum refuge.
, the Wikileaks co-founder Julian Assange is resident in the embassy, after initially entering it on 19 June 2012 claiming diplomatic asylum after being wanted in Sweden for questioning over alleged sexual offences. Assange's asylum request was eventually granted by the Ecuadorian government on 16 August 2012.
The British government had suggested it could use its discretionary powers under the Diplomatic and Consular Premises Act 1987 to enter the embassy and arrest Assange after giving the embassy due notice. However, it later retracted the suggestion, following condemnation from Ecuador's Foreign Minister Ricardo Patiño and President Rafael Correa. Patiño described the British government's statement as "a clear breach of international law and the protocols set out in the Vienna Convention."
On 16 August 2012, both police and protesters gathered outside the embassy, with reports of minor scuffles between the two groups and arrests of some of the protesters. On 19 August 2012, Assange made a speech from a low balcony of the embassy. Assange's remarks were prefaced by a statement from Baltasar Garzón, who is heading his legal team. This was followed by protests in Ecuador outside the British embassy in Quito, as well as support for Correa's approval of the asylum request.
On 22 August, the Ecuadorian president Rafael Correa stated that Assange would be allowed to stay in the embassy indefinitely, but that Ecuador would be open to negotiations with the British government if it withdrew its threats to storm the embassy.
Press photographs taken outside the embassy were reported to have shown police notes stating that Assange was to be arrested "under all circumstances". The policing of the embassy during the first two years of Assange's stay has cost £6.5 million.

</doc>
<doc id="36732544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732544" title="Hassan Esmati">
Hassan Esmati

Seyed Hassan Esmati, Iranian Quran scholar was born in Torbat-e Heydarieh, Razavi Khorasan Province and has a Ph.D in Quran and Hadith knowledge from Imam Sadeq University. He was Iran's cultural attaché in Tunisia for four years (2007–11).

</doc>
<doc id="36732557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732557" title="SON-tests">
SON-tests

The Snijders-Oomen nonverbal intelligence tests, shortly the SON-tests, are intelligence tests appropriate for children and adults from two and a half to forty years old. The tests are called nonverbal because they can be administered without having to use written or spoken language. The manuals also contain verbal instructions, but the spoken text does not contain extra information compared to the non-verbal instructions. The way the tests are administered is adjusted to the communicative abilities of the subject in order to create a natural test situation. The tests provide an intelligence score that indicates how someone performs in comparison with other persons from the same age.
History.
The first version of the SON test was developed more than seventy years ago by psychologist Snijders, Oomen and Nan, to study the cognitive functioning of deaf children. The goal of this test series was to break the one-sidedness of the non-verbal performance tests of that time and to broaden the functions accessible for non-verbal intelligence research. The first revision of the test was published in 1958 by Dr. Nan Snijders-Oomen and her husband, professor of Psychology Jan Snijders. This test series included norms for both hearing and deaf children. The original SON needed a transition to another type of items for children of about six years. This led to the second revision in 1975 where the test was divided into the SSON for children of seven to seventeen years old and the SON 2.5-7 for children up to seven years old. The next revisions were published under the responsibility of psychologists Peter Tellegen and Jaap Laros from the university of Groningen. The SON-R 5,5-17 was published in 1988. This test replaced the SON-’58 and the SSON. Subsequently, the SON 2.5-7 was revised, which resulted in the publication of the SON-R 2,5-7 in 1998. A short version of this test was published in 2007, the SON-R 2,5-7 , which is designed to be administered in non-western countries. Finally, the SON-R 6-40 was published in 2011 as a revision of the SON-R 5,5-17. This test is appropriate for both children and adults.
Test format.
SON-R 2,5-7.
The SON-R 2,5-7 consists of six subtests that contain series of fourteen to seventeen items with increasing difficulty. The testing procedure is adaptive in order to limit the test time and to prevent giving children items that are far beneath or above their level. Entry and stopping rules are used to determine where the test should be started and discontinued. The test administrator provides the test subject with feedback after every item; he or she indicates if an answer is right or wrong and demonstrates the solution to an item if a wrong answer was given. This way, children are given the possibility to learn and correct themselves.
The subtests exist of performance and reasoning tests. The performance tests involve producing a solution while working on an item. The reasoning tests are based on discovering relationships between concepts or objects.
SON-R 6-40.
The SON-R 6-40 consists of four subtests containing two or three parallel series of twelve to thirteen items with increasing difficulty. The testing procedure of this test is adaptive, whereby the starting point of a series is decided on basis of the score on the previous series of the subtest. Feedback is limited to informing if one’s answer was right or wrong.
Psychometric properties.
Standardization.
The Dutch standardization research for the SON-R 2,5-7 has been conducted with 1124 children aging 2;3 to 7;3. Also, research was conducted with children with a delay in cognitive development and children with specific handicaps. The standardization research for the SON-R 6-40 has been conducted in the Netherlands and in Germany. The Dutch part of the standardization sample consisted of 938 individuals aging 6 to 40. 50 persons came from special groups that were included in the study. These were adults with light intellectual disabilities and students from special (primary) education. The research was also conducted with 995 German individuals. The total standardization sample consists of 1933 persons. With the SON computer program, all standardized scores are based on the exact age of the participant.
Reliability.
The mean reliability of the subtests of the SON-R 2,5-7 is 0.72 and the reliability of the total IQ score is 0.90. For the SON-R 6-40, the mean reliability of the subtests is 0.87 and the reliability of the total score is 0.95. The reliability and stability of the scores increase as the age of the participants increases.
Validity.
The performance on the SON-R 2,5-7 has been compared with many cognitive tests, like the GOS, WPPSI-R, TONI-2, RAKIT, Bayley, McCarthy, DTVP-2, Peabody, PLS-3, Reynell and the TvK. The mean correlation with these general measures of intelligence was 0.65. For non-verbal measures of intelligence, a mean correlation of 0.65 was found. The mean correlation with verbal development en verbal intelligence was 0.48.
Performance on the SON-R 6-40 was compared with the WISC-III/IV, the WAIS-III and the NIO. The mean correlation with these tests was 0.80. The mean correlation for the verbal part was 0.69 and for the performance part it was 0.79. The age of the participant is important for the relation between the SON score and other measures of intelligence; the correlations are generally lower for young children than for older persons.
COTAN evaluations.
The COTAN (the test commission of the Dutch institute for psychologists) evaluates the quality of psychodiagnostic tests available in the Netherlands. Below are the COTAN evaluations for the SON tests.
¹ "There is less validation research available for the age group 18-40 years."
Uses.
Because of the non-lingualism of the SON-tests, they are especially appropriate for assessing individuals with problems or handicaps in the area of language and speech development and communication and for immigrants who do not speak the language of the test leader fluently, The tests are child friendly because of their adaptive nature and the feedback that participants receive. This makes the test well applicable for assessing children that are hard to test. Each test takes about an hour to administer.
Translations.
The SON tests are used in several counties. Since the testing materials do not have to be translated, the test is directly applicable for international and cross-cultural research. Manuals for the tests are published in several languages. For the SON-R 2,5-7, standardization research has been conducted in the Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, France, the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Romania. The SON-R 2,5-7 has been standardized in Brazil and currently a standardization study is being conducted in South-East Asia. For the SON-R 6-40, standardization research has been conducted in the Netherlands, Germany and China.

</doc>
<doc id="36732572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732572" title="NFL Quarterback Club 97">
NFL Quarterback Club 97

NFL Quarterback Club 97 is an American football video game released in 1996. The game was released on the PlayStation, Sega Saturn, and DOS systems. The game was also released in Japan on the Saturn. The game's cover features former Miami Dolphins quarterback Dan Marino.
Gameplay.
"NFL Quarterback Club 97" optimizes the use of the kicking meter, as well as overhead camera angles, which are customizable. The game also has Custom Simulation modes, which save up to five game situations for players that cannot finish a game in time. Former Green Bay Packers quarterback Brett Favre designed various plays that are available in the game. There are five possible game modes (Preseason, Regular Season, Pro Bowl, Playoff, and Super Bowl). Players can also recreate historic game situations. There is no announcer on the PlayStation version.
Reception.
The game received mixed to negative reviews. IGN gave the game a 5.0/10, simply commenting that the game is slow and the graphics are weak, is not better than competitor "Madden NFL 97", and for players to wait for "NFL Quarterback Club '98". GameSpot gave the game a score of 5.6, saying that the players are slow, the weather options are poor, and penalties are unrealistic. GameRankings gave the game a 58.87%. CNET criticized the poor sound, graphics, lack of transactions (except for trades), and stated that every team has the same playbook. CNET also stated that game scores can peak into the 100s, and that players cannot get tired nor injured.

</doc>
<doc id="36732586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732586" title="Carroll County Courthouse (Indiana)">
Carroll County Courthouse (Indiana)

The Carroll County Courthouse at 101 W. Main St. in Delphi, Indiana was built in 1888. It was a work of architect Elmer E. Dunlap and others, and is in Classical Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003; the listing included one contributing building and three contributing objects.
Public art.
The Carroll County Courthouse has two prominent works of public art in its collection, the "Murphy Memorial Drinking Fountain" and the "Soldiers and Sailors Monument". 
Murphy Memorial Drinking Fountain.
The "Murphy Memorial Drinking Fountain" was designed by Myra Reynolds Richards. It was completed in 1916 and installed in 1918. The piece is made of bronze, with a drinking fountain made of chrome. It stands on a base made of granite, which uses the same granite utilized in the Sailors and Soldiers Monument. The piece depicts a young girl wearing a short one piece dress. Her proper left hand is held out before her, and she holds, in that hand, a chalice. The chalice holds the drinking fountain. Her proper right hand is stretched behind her. A tablet is mounted next to her. It is made of bronze. The sculpture was donated by Clara G. Murphy, on behalf of her deceased husband, and herself. It was surveyed as part of the Save Outdoor Sculpture! survey in 1993, and was noted as needing conservation treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="36732622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732622" title="Lady Agnes Stewart">
Lady Agnes Stewart

Lady Agnes Stewart was born illegitimately. She was the daughter of James Stewart, 1st Earl of Buchan and Margaret Murray. On 31 October 1552 she was legitimized, confirmed by Queen Mary of Guise, on 31 October 1552, under the Great Seal of Scotland.
Marriages.
Lady Agnes Stewart, married first Adam Hepburn, 2nd Earl of Bothwell in August 1511, secondly Alexander Home, 3rd Lord Home, thirdly John Maxwell, 4th Lord Maxwell and fourthly Cuthbert Ramsay. They had at least eight children. Adam Hepburn, 2nd Earl of Bothwell was killed at the Battle of Flodden Field on 9 September 1513, she died in February, 1557.
From August 1511, her married name became Hepburn. As a result of her marriage, Agnes Stewart was styled as Countess of Bothwell. From between 9 September 1513 and 25 February 1513/14, her married name became Home. From between 1520 and 15 November 1525, her married name became Maxwell. From before 13 December 1549, her married name became Ramsay.
Children.
Children of Lady Agnes Stewart and Adam Hepburn, 2nd Earl of Bothwell include: 
Children of Lady Agnes Stewart and Alexander Home, 3rd Lord Home include:
Children of Lady Agnes Stewart and John Maxwell, 4th Lord Maxwell include:
Ancestry.
Lady Agnes Stewart is the granddaughter of Joan Beaufort, Queen of Scots and James Stewart, the Black Knight of Lorn.
Through Joan Beaufort, Queen of Scots she is a direct descendent of Edward III of England.

</doc>
<doc id="36732626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732626" title="Spencer County Courthouse (Indiana)">
Spencer County Courthouse (Indiana)

The Spencer County Courthouse in Rockport, Indiana was built in 1921. It has been regarded as one of the finest works of architect Elmer E. Dunlap, and is the most imposing building in Rockport. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36732637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732637" title="List of disorders included in newborn screening programs">
List of disorders included in newborn screening programs

This is a list of disorders included in newborn screening programs around the world, along with information on testing methodologies, disease incidence and rationale for being included in screening programs.
American College of Medical Genetics recommendations.
Core panel.
The following conditions and disorders were recommended as a "core panel" by the 2005 report of the American College of Medical Genetics (ACMG). The incidences reported below are from the full report, though the rates may vary in different populations. 
Blood cell disorders 
Inborn errors of amino acid metabolism 
Inborn errors of organic acid metabolism 
Inborn errors of fatty acid metabolism 
Miscellaneous multisystem diseases
Newborn screening by other methods than blood testing
Secondary targets.
The following disorders are additional conditions that may be detected by screening. Many are listed as "secondary targets" by the 2005 ACMG report. Some states are now screening for more than 50 congenital conditions. Many of these are rare and unfamiliar to pediatricians and other primary health care professionals.
Blood cell disorders
Inborn errors of amino acid metabolism
Inborn errors of organic acid metabolism
Inborn errors of fatty acid metabolism
Miscellaneous multisystem diseases

</doc>
<doc id="36732645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732645" title="John H. Healey">
John H. Healey

John H. Healey, MD (born 1952) is an American cancer surgeon, researcher, and expert in the surgical treatment of benign and malignant bone tumors and other musculoskeletal cancers. He serves as Chair of the Orthopaedic Service and Stephen P. McDermott Chair in Surgery at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center (MSKCC), as well as Professor of Surgery at Weill Cornell Medical College, in New York, NY.
Career.
Healey earned a Bachelor of Science degree in biology from Yale University and a Doctor of Medicine degree from the University of Vermont College of Medicine. He completed training in surgery, orthopaedic surgery, and musculoskeletal oncology at the New England Medical Center Hospital in Boston, MA, and at the Hospital for Special Surgery and Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York, NY.
Since 1984, Healey has held clinical, teaching, and research positions at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, the Hospital for Special Surgery, and Weill Cornell Medical College. He has served as Chief of the Orthopaedic Service at Memorial Sloan-Kettering since 1991, and has continued his affiliation with Weill Cornell Medical College as a Professor of Orthopaedic Surgery since 2000. In 2012, he was named the incumbent of the Stephen P. McDermott Chair in Surgery at Memorial Sloan-Kettering. 
Healey’s research and clinical activities in the area of hip reconstruction have led to the development of orthopaedic implant devices, including the Healey Flanged Revision Acetabular Component™ and the Healey Hip Swivel™ (manufactured by Biomet Corporation, Warsaw, Indiana). He also holds patents for systems that enhance the delivery of chemotherapy agents to musculoskeletal tumors and allow researchers to study the behavior of tumor cells under conditions that are similar to those found in the body.
He is actively involved in the research programs of the Children’s Oncology Group, the Musculoskeletal Tumor Society, and the Orthopaedic Research and Education Foundation. Specific research areas include orthopaedic reconstructive surgery for metastatic disease, improving outcomes and quality of life for patients with pediatric bone tumors (osteosarcoma, Ewing sarcoma) and understanding the molecular biology of bone tumors.
Awards and leadership.
John Healey has received awards from the Orthopaedic Research Society, the Orthopaedic Research and Education Foundation, and the American Cancer Society. He has also been recognized internationally for his contributions to the field by the Japanese Orthopaedic Association, the Korean Bone and Joint Tumor Society, Peking University, and the Italian Society of Orthopaedics and Traumatology.
Throughout his career, he has held various leadership positions in the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, the International Society of Limb Salvage (past President, 1995-1998), the Association of Bone and Joint Surgeons (past President, 2010-2011), the Children’s Oncology Group, the Musculoskeletal Transplant Foundation, the Orthopaedic Research and Education Foundation, the Orthopaedic Research Society, and the Musculoskeletal Tumor Society (President, 2012-2013).
Publications.
Healey has written more than 250 research articles and book chapters on the topics of osteosarcoma; Ewing sarcoma; Paget’s disease; soft tissue sarcomas; giant cell tumor of bone; joint replacement techniques in the surgical treatment of bone tumors; and the use of musculoskeletal surgery to improve pain and function in patients with advanced cancers.
He has served as Deputy Editor of "Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research" since 2005. In addition, he has served on the editorial boards of the Musculoskeletal Tumor Society, the International Society of Limb Salvage, the "Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery", the "Journal of Orthopaedic Science", the "Annals of Surgical Oncology", and the "Journal of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons".

</doc>
<doc id="36732658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732658" title="José de Jesús Vera">
José de Jesús Vera

José de Jesús Vera (, born 9 February 1969) is a former Venezuelan professional footballer that played five seasons for Unión Atlético Maracaibo and was called–up by José Omar Pastoriza for play the 1999 Copa América celebrated in the country of Paraguay with his national team. He has that facts mentioned as one of his football career's most important moments.
In 2008, Vera became a manager, starting with Estudiantes de Mérida, club in where he debuted as footballer for then arrive to Deportivo Táchira after of achieve the Primera División honour with Zamora during the Torneo de Clausura 2011. However, after a bad spell at one of two powerhouse clubs of his country, in January 2012, was replaced by Colombian coach Jaime de la Pava and then returned to his natal city Mérida.

</doc>
<doc id="36732662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732662" title="N. Waldo Harrison Professor">
N. Waldo Harrison Professor

The N. Waldo Harrison Professorship was established in 1987 by Virginia Tech College of Engineering alumnus Nathaniel Waldo Harrison. Harrison graduated from Virginia Tech. formerly known as Virginia Polytechnic Institute (VPI), in 1934, the end of the depression, with a B.S. Degree in Mechanical Engineering. He was then awarded a Teaching Fellowship in the VPI Applied Mechanics Department from where obtained a Masters Degrees in 1935. The professorship honors distinguished faculty scholars in the successors to the Department of Applied Mechanics, currently the Department of Engineering Science and Mechanics.
Harrison served as a member of General Dwight D. Eisenhower’s staff at the Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Forces in Frankfurt, Germany, during World War II, and later created the professorship to acknowledge the extraordinary education he received at Virginia Tech.

</doc>
<doc id="36732674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732674" title="Kosmos 2481">
Kosmos 2481

Kosmos 2481 ( meaning "Cosmos 2481") is a Russian Strela-3 military communications satellite which was launched in 2012 by the Russian Aerospace Defence Forces. It was launched with 2 Gonets-M civilian communication satellites and a research satellite called Yubileiny-2, also known as MiR.
Launch.
Kosmos 2481 was launched from Site 133/3 at Plesetsk Cosmodrome in northern Russia. It was launched by a Rockot carrier rocket with a Briz-KM upper stage at 01:35 UTC on 28 July 2012. The launch successfully placed the satellite into low earth orbit. It subsequently received its Kosmos designation, and the international designator 2012-041A. The United States Space Command assigned it the Satellite Catalog Number 38733.
The Russian military announced that the rocket was under control of the Titov Main Test and Space Systems Control Centre at 01:38 UTC and the satellites were released from the rocket at 03:19 UTC.
It was the first launch of a Rockot since February 2011 when a satellite was placed in the wrong orbit due to a problem with the upper stage.
Strela-3.
Kosmos 2481 is a Strela-3 satellite. They are described as store-dump communications satellites which receive information from the ground when they pass overhead, and store that information until they pass over the ground station they deliver the information to. The satellites are in low earth orbit going round the earth every 116 minutes. A full deployment of Strela-3 craft should consist of twelve satellites.
The satellite has the GRAU index 17F13, showing it is a Strela-3, not a Strela-3M (also called Rodnik) as they have a GRAU index of 17F132.
Strela-3 has a civilian variant called Gonets which is used by the Russian government for communication in remote areas. It can take between two minutes and six hours to deliver messages.
The previous satellites of this class, Kosmos 2467 and Kosmos 2468, were launched together on 8 September 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36732677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732677" title="Władysław Ponurski">
Władysław Ponurski

Władysław Ponurski (April 23, 1891 in Lwów - October 13, 1978 in Kraków) was a Polish track and field athlete. Ponurski competed in the men's 200 metres hurdles and the men's 400 metres hurdles for Austria at the 1912 Summer Olympics. Ponurski was born in the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria (now Ukraine).

</doc>
<doc id="36732678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732678" title="Delphi Courthouse Square Historic District">
Delphi Courthouse Square Historic District

The Delphi Courthouse Square Historic District in Delphi, Indiana is a area roughly bounded by Monroe, Main, Market and Indiana Streets. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010. It includes Italianate architecture and Classical Revival architecture and work by Elmer Dunlap among its 31 contributing buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="36732684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732684" title="Soreike! Anpanman Yomigaere Bananajima">
Soreike! Anpanman Yomigaere Bananajima


</doc>
<doc id="36732698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732698" title="Joseph Lewis Stackpole">
Joseph Lewis Stackpole

Joseph Lewis Stackpole (March 20, 1838 - January 2, 1904) was a Member of the Board of General Appraisers.
Biography.
Stackpole was born on March 20, 1838, in Boston, Massachusetts. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1857 from Harvard University. He received a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1859 from Harvard Law School. He worked in private practice in Boston from 1860 to 1861, 1865 to 1870 and 1876 to 1890. He served as a Lieutenant Colonel and judge advocate in the United States Army from 1861 to 1865. He served as City Solicitor for Boston from 1870 to 1876.
Federal Judicial Service.
On July 17, 1890, President Harrison nominated Stackpole to serve as a Member of the newly created Board of General Appraisers. He was confirmed by the Senate on July 18, 1890 and received his commission on July 22, 1890. He served on the board until his resignation on December 5, 1890, and was succeeded by Wilbur Fisk Lunt.
Death.
Stackpole died on January 2, 1904, in Boston.

</doc>
<doc id="36732699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732699" title="Community of communes of Héricourt Pays">
Community of communes of Héricourt Pays

Community of communes of Héricourt Pays is a federation of municipalities in Haute-Saône.

</doc>
<doc id="36732713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732713" title="Youth Initiative for Human Rights">
Youth Initiative for Human Rights

The Youth Initiative for Human Rights (, ) is non-governmental organization active in Serbia, Kosovo, Croatia, Montenegro and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="36732730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732730" title="Pablo Olivera">
Pablo Olivera

Pablo Fernando Olivera Fernández (born 8 December 1987 in Melo) is an Uruguayan professional footballer who currently plays for Carabobo FC as a striker.
Club career.
Olivera started his senior career playing with his hometown club Cerro Largo FC in 2005.
In mid-2007, he was loaned to Rampla Juniors for a year.
In August 2009, he signed a new deal with River Plate, team where he contributed with 16 goals in 47 matches. On 1 September 2010 he made his first international appearance playing the Copa Sudamericana against Paraguayan club Guaraní.
On 8 August 2012, Olivera joined Liga ZON Sagres side Moreirense F.C. for a year loan transfer. He made his debut on 19 August in a 1–1 draw against Paços de Ferreira, coming on a substitute for Pintassilgo. He scored his two first goals on 21 October in a 3–2 win Taça de Portugal match against Sporting Clube. He scored his first Primeira Liga goal on 27 October in a 2–2 draw against Olhanense.

</doc>
<doc id="36732738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732738" title="Kazimierz Kucharski">
Kazimierz Kucharski

Kazimierz Kucharski (13 February 1909 in Łukawa - 9 April 1995 in Warsaw) was a Polish track and field athlete. Kucharski competed in the men's 800 metres hurdles and the 4 × 400 metres relay for Poland at the 1936 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36732740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732740" title="Firuzabad Tower">
Firuzabad Tower

The Firuzabad Tower () is a grave historical tower of Great Seljuq Empire era that is located 17 km south of Bardaskan in Firuzabad village at Shahrabad District on old Torshiz. Archaeological evidence confirms the habitat of Islam until the seventh century AH, which is around the province and shining star of the eighth Imam of Appreciation through Ali ar-Ridha of this was the route. Cylindrical shape with an outward current height of the minarets and 18 meters with decorative elements and architectural style reflects the bricklayer is a mystery. The tower was added to the list of National Monuments of Iran As the 91st monument.

</doc>
<doc id="36732746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732746" title="Rosen Publishing">
Rosen Publishing

The Rosen Publishing Group is an American publisher for educational books for readers from ages pre-Kindergarten through grade 12. It was founded in 1950 and is located in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="36732751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732751" title="Anna Stecksén">
Anna Stecksén

"Anna" Magdalena Stecksén (1870-1904), was a Swedish scientist, physician and pathologist. 
Anna Stecksén was the daughter of general major Johan Olof Billdau Stecksén. She was Bachelor of Arts at Uppsala University in 1890, and became a student at Karolinska institutet the same year. She specialized in pathology and studied at Tübingen and Paris 1898-99. She became a doctor of medicine in 1900 with her study in whether there was any truth in the then popular theory if cancer was caused by Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Her research was not conclusive, but interesting enough for her to raise the funds to continue her research. She died due to an infection caused by her work in her laboratory.

</doc>
<doc id="36732771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732771" title="Claude Ross">
Claude Ross

Claude Murray Ross (May 13, 1893 - ?) was an Australian track and field athlete. Ross competed in the men's 400 metres hurdles for Australasia at the 1912 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36732809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732809" title="10th Independent Spirit Awards">
10th Independent Spirit Awards

The 1994 Independent Spirit Awards, honoring the best in independent filmmaking for 1994, were announced on March 25, 1995. It was hosted by Kevin Pollak.
Nominees and winners.
Best Feature.
Pulp Fiction
Best First Feature.
Spanking the Monkey
Best Director.
"'Quentin Tarantino – "Pulp Fiction"
Best Male Lead.
'"Samuel L. Jackson – "Pulp Fiction"
Best Female Lead.
"'Linda Fiorentino – "The Last Seduction"
Best Supporting Male.
'"Chazz Palminteri – "Bullets Over Broadway"
Best Supporting Female.
"'Dianne Wiest – "Bullets Over Broadway"
Best Screenplay.
"Pulp Fiction" – Quentin Tarantino and Roger Avary
Best First Screenplay.
"Spanking the Monkey" – David O. Russell
Best Cinematography.
"Barcelona" – John Thomas
Best Foreign Film.
' • France/Poland'"
Best Debut Performance.
"'Sean Nelson – "Fresh"

</doc>
<doc id="36732823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732823" title="1994 Washington State Cougars football team">
1994 Washington State Cougars football team

The 1994 Washington State Cougars football team represented Washington State University during the 1994 college football season.

</doc>
<doc id="36732826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732826" title="Ninni Kronberg">
Ninni Kronberg

Maria Johanna (Ninni) Kronberg (1874-1946), was a Swedish physiologist in nutrition. Kronberg was employed at Rydsgårds mejeri. In 1933, Ninni Kronberg invented a better way of manufacturing Powdered milk. Her work was patented in several countries: in Sweden from 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="36732828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732828" title="Flat pseudospectral method">
Flat pseudospectral method

The flat pseudospectral method is part of the family of the Ross–Fahroo pseudospectral methods introduced by Ross and Fahroo. The method combines the concept of differential flatness with pseudospectral method to generate outputs in the so-called flat space.
Concept.
Because the differentiation matrix, formula_1, in a pseudospectral method is square, higher-order derivatives of any polynomial, formula_2, can be obtained by powers of formula_1,
where formula_5 is the pseudospectral variable and formula_6 is a finite positive integer. 
By differential flatness, there exists functions formula_7 and formula_8 such that the state and control variables can be written as,
The combination of these concepts generates the flat pseudospectral method; that is, x and u are written as,
Thus, an optimal control problem can be quickly and easiy transformed to a problem with just the Y pseudospectral variable.

</doc>
<doc id="36732832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732832" title="Exact C*-algebra">
Exact C*-algebra

In mathematics, an exact C*-algebra is a C*-algebra that preserves exact sequences under the minimum tensor product.
Definition.
A C*-algebra "E" is exact if, for any short exact sequence,
the sequence
where ⊗min denotes the minimum tensor product, is also exact.
Properties.
Exact C*-algebras have the following equivalent characterizations:
All nuclear C*-algebras and their C*-subalgebras are exact.

</doc>
<doc id="36732848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732848" title="Tropical fusion">
Tropical fusion

Tropical fusion is a fusion of electronica and Latin music styles based on tropical music.
Tropical fusion is a general term referring to what is essentially tropical music blended with electronic, Latin and other ethnic music. The term "tropical fusion" was initially promoted as a genre for the 2012 Latin Grammy Awards as "Latin Grammy Award for Best Tropical Fusion Album."
The various musical genres comprising tropical fusion include Salsa, contemporary tropical, traditional tropical, cumbia, and vallenato. These musical genres have had a significant influence on tropical fusion.

</doc>
<doc id="36732849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732849" title="Tim Fourie">
Tim Fourie

Tim Fourie is a South Africa rugby footballer who represented his country in rugby league at the 1995 World Cup.
Playing career.
Fourie played for the South African Rhinos in the 1995 World Cup, playing in all three matches.
In 1996, he spent the season at the Dewsbury Rams, along with several other South African World Cup players. Despite the hype surrounding their arrival, the imports failed to make a lasting impression at the club.
He participated in the 1997 Super League World Nines for South Africa.
Between 1998 and 2000, he played rugby union for the Leeds Tykes.
He later captained Sedgley Park RUFC and then played for Rossendale RUFC.

</doc>
<doc id="36732854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732854" title="Lucas Silva Borges">
Lucas Silva Borges

Lucas Silva (born February 16, 1993 in Bom Jesus de Goiás), is a Brazilian midfielder. He currently plays for Cruzeiro.

</doc>
<doc id="36732868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732868" title="Marian Bell">
Marian Bell

Marian Bell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36732904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732904" title="Mark Paterson">
Mark Paterson

Mark Paterson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36732910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732910" title="Alfhild Tamm">
Alfhild Tamm

Anna "Alfhild" Tamm (1876-1959), was a Swedish physician and Psychiatrist. She was the first licensed Psychiatrist of her gender in Sweden. 
Tamm graduated in Stockholm in 1895, acquired her medical license at Karolinska institutet in 1905 and, after having been approved by the nervclinic at the Serafimerlasarettet in 1908, she was active in Stockholm in 1909-1946. 
Tamm was a student of Sigmund Freud and belonged to those introducing the Psychoanalysis in Sweden. She had a special interest in speaking disorders.

</doc>
<doc id="36732919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732919" title="SELEX Galileo (Saudi Arabia)">
SELEX Galileo (Saudi Arabia)

SELEX Galileo (Saudi Arabia) is a major defence company. It was launched by the SELEX Galileo on March 15, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36732930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732930" title="Churna">
Churna

Churna (Sanskrit: चूर्ण "powder") is a mixture of powdered herbs and or minerals used in Ayurvedic medicine. Triphala is an example of a classic Ayurvedic formula, used for thousands of years that is made from the powders of three fruits Amalaki (emblica officinalis), Haritaki (terminalia chebula) and Bibhitaki (terminalia belerica).

</doc>
<doc id="36732931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732931" title="Boyce, Pennsylvania">
Boyce, Pennsylvania

Boyce is an unincorporated community in South Fayette and Upper St. Clair townships, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. Boyce is located along Chartiers Run southwest of downtown Pittsburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="36732934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732934" title="Hope Historic District (Hope, Indiana)">
Hope Historic District (Hope, Indiana)

Hope Historic District in Hope, Indiana is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. It includes works by architect Elmer E. Dunlap and by L.W. Weisner. It includes Greek Revival, Italianate, Hall and parlor, and other architecture. The listing included 205 contributing buildings, four contributing sites and two contributing objects.

</doc>
<doc id="36732936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732936" title="Embassy of the United Kingdom, Quito">
Embassy of the United Kingdom, Quito

The Embassy of the United Kingdom in Ecuador is based in the Citiplaza Building in Quito, Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="36732946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732946" title="Louisiana State Route 30-E">
Louisiana State Route 30-E

Louisiana State Route 30-E (LA 30-E) was a spur of LA 30, with LA 30 being one of the 98 original state highways that were established in 1921. It ran in a south to north direction for , spanning from LA 30 near Lettsworth north, then southwest to meet LA 30 near Simmesport at the Atchafalaya River.
Route description.
LA 30-E was essentially the second signed segment of LA 30, following the Kansas City Southern Railway to the levee on Old River, then southwest to meet LA 30 again near Simmesport. It was LA 30 until 1928, when LA 30 was moved onto a new straight alignment.

</doc>
<doc id="36732957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732957" title="Designboom">
Designboom

Designboom is a daily web magazine covering the fields of industrial design, architecture, and art internationally. Launched in 1999, the publication was the first web magazine to focus on these fields, and it features interviews and firsthand studio visits of renowned designers and architects, in addition to coverage of international design fairs and new projects. Newsletters are published daily.
The online magazine was named one of the top 100 design influencers in the world by "Time Magazine", as well as one of the top 'Les 100 qui comptent' ('People who count') by the French magazine "Architectural Digest". Designboom runs several international design competitions each year, in partnership with large companies. In addition, Designboom hosts young designers 'marts' at a range of furniture and design fairs, an exhibition format that it introduced in 2005 at the International Contemporary Furniture Fair in New York City, and which has since become an industry standard.
In 2012, Designboom itself became a subject of media attention for its defense of Takeshi Miyakawa when the artist was arrested and held on Riker's Island for a controversial street installation in New York City. Miyakawa was collaborating with Designboom on a lighting installation for the International Contemporary Furniture Fair at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="36732959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732959" title="Cole Beasley">
Cole Beasley

Cole Beasley (born April 26, 1989) is an American football wide receiver for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League. He was signed by the Cowboys as an undrafted free agent in 2012. He played college football at Southern Methodist University.
High school career.
As a high school quarterback, Beasley led Little Elm High School to the Texas UIL-4A playoffs consecutive years. Coming out of high school, he was rated as a Two star recruit by Rivals.com.
College career.
Beasley then shifted to Wide Receiver for SMU, and performed well there, despite his height. SMU would win the 2009 Hawai'i Bowl marking the first bowl invite since the so-called death penalty.
Professional career.
He failed to make the 2012 NFL Draft, but was signed by Dallas, and made the Cowboys' 53-man roster for the 2012 season. During training camp, he abruptly left, stating he was dealing with "Personal Stuff". He went on to have a sudden change of heart and then made the final 53-man roster.
Cole Beasley has found a way to be productive while being surrounded by a solid corps of receivers. As of December 3, 2013 Beasley had the highest completion percentage of any receiver in the NFL with more than 10 targets. He is becoming known as a man Romo will target, especially on third down in a spread formation. He has made several clutch catches to keep eventual scoring drives alive. Much of this is attributed to Cole's excellent route execution. He scored a touchdown against the Broncos on October 3, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36732969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732969" title="North Jefferson Street Historic District">
North Jefferson Street Historic District

The North Jefferson Street Historic District in Huntington, Indiana is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010. It includes work by Elmer Dunlap. The listing includes approximately seven hundred contributing properties.

</doc>
<doc id="36732978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732978" title="Lee Wright">
Lee Wright

Lee Wright may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36732980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732980" title="Phoenix Cluster">
Phoenix Cluster

The Phoenix Cluster (SPT-CL J2344-4243) is a galaxy cluster located in the constellation Phoenix, at a distance of roughly 5.7 billion light years. It has a mass of 2.5 solar masses, making it one of the most massive galaxy clusters.
Possibly dormant for billions of years, it has recently revealed a high rate of activity in star formation – the highest ever recorded in the middle of a galaxy cluster, although there are many individual high redshift galaxies which produce this many stars per year, or more.
Observations by a variety of telescopes including the GALEX and Herschel space telescopes show a creation of 740 solar masses (stars) per year. This is considerably higher than the Perseus Cluster, where stars are formed around 20 times slower, or the one per year rate of star formation in our own galaxy.
Phoenix Cluster is also producing more X-rays than any other known massive cluster. Data from observations suggest that hot gas is cooling in the central regions at the highest rate ever recorded. The central galaxy in the cluster contains vast amounts of hot gas. More normal matter is present there than the total of all the other galaxies in the cluster.
In the center of the system, there is a supermassive black hole growing very rapidly, expanding at a rate of about 60 solar masses per year. It is currently about 20 billion times the mass of the Sun, one of the largest known.
The Phoenix Cluster was initially detected using the Sunyaev-Zeldovich effect by the South Pole Telescope collaboration.

</doc>
<doc id="36732994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36732994" title="Pike County Courthouse (Indiana)">
Pike County Courthouse (Indiana)

The Pike County Courthouse at 801 Main St. in Petersburg, Indiana was built in 1922. It is a work of architect Elmer E. Dunlap and of Jasper N. Good. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008; the listing included five contributing objects in addition to one contributing building.

</doc>
<doc id="36733001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733001" title="Sit Resist">
Sit Resist

Sit Resist is the second album by Laura Stevenson & The Cans. The album was released by Don Giovanni Records in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36733006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733006" title="Murray Anderson">
Murray Anderson

Murray Anderson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36733014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733014" title="Herriottsville, Pennsylvania">
Herriottsville, Pennsylvania

Herriottsville is an unincorporated community in South Fayette Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. The community is located in the southeast corner of the township near Chartiers Run. Herriottsville had one of the first post offices in South Fayette Township and was a stagecoach stop on the Black Horse Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="36733020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733020" title="Ralph Waldo Emerson Indianapolis Public School No. 58">
Ralph Waldo Emerson Indianapolis Public School No. 58

The Ralph Waldo Emerson Indianapolis Public School #58 is a historic school on N. Linwood St. in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States. Built in 1907 according to a design by R.P. Daggett and Co. and Elmer E. Dunlap, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36733028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733028" title="The Lizzie Bennet Diaries">
The Lizzie Bennet Diaries

The Lizzie Bennet Diaries is an American drama web series adapted from Jane Austen's "Pride and Prejudice" where the story is conveyed in the form of vlogs. It was created by Hank Green and Bernie Su and stars Ashley Clements, Mary Kate Wiles, Laura Spencer, Julia Cho and Daniel Vincent Gordh. It premiered on YouTube on April 9, 2012 and concluded when the 100th episode was posted on March 28, 2013.
Format.
The story is told in vlog-style by the eponymous character, each episode being between two and eight minutes long.
As the show primarily takes place in Lizzie's bedroom, many major events happen offscreen and are retold by Lizzie, with her friend Charlotte and sisters Lydia and Jane adding different perspectives. Occasionally they perform reenactments, using a recurring costume to denote who's who (such as a cap and bowtie for Darcy, a blue plaid shirt for Lizzie, etc.). From Episode 25 onwards, the show begins to visit other sets, allowing them to introduce outside characters, such as Bing Lee, Caroline, and Mr. Collins.
There are also semi-frequent Q&A videos, once per every ten episodes, in which Lizzie answers questions asked by real viewers, sometimes with the help of another character. In addition to the videos, all the characters also have various social media accounts, through which they interact and reveal portions of the story and perspectives that are not necessarily represented in Lizzie's vlogs.
Plot.
Elizabeth "Lizzie" Bennet is a Mass Communications grad student still living at home with her parents and two sisters, the sweet, timid Jane and rebellious, party-loving Lydia. With the help of her friend Charlotte Lu, she starts a vlog series for her thesis, discussing the trials and tribulations of her daily life.
Wealthy medical student Bing Lee moves into the Netherfield mansion nearby, bringing with him his even richer friend William Darcy. Mrs Bennet quickly begins conspiring to match Bing up with one of the girls, believing "it's a truth universally acknowledged that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife." When the Bennets finally meet the new neighbors at a wedding, Jane and Bing instantly have chemistry, but Darcy's rude and snobbish behaviour causes Lizzie to dislike to him.
Charlotte and Lizzie run into childhood friend Ricky Collins, who now runs online media company "Collins and Collins," with the help of his wealthy patron Ms Catherine de Bourgh. He proposes Lizzie join him as a business partner, but she declines. Charlotte accepts the offer in her place.
While at a bar with Lydia, Lizzie meets swimmer George Wickham and begins seeing him. He reveals Darcy was a family friend who supposedly refused to give him a college fund he was promised, furthering Lizzie's poor opinion of the man. Lizzie quickly moves on when it becomes apparent George isn't that into her. Though their relationship had been going well, Bing suddenly leaves for L.A. without telling Jane. Lizzie decides Darcy must have poisioned Bing's opinion of her sister.
Lizzie decides to spend her last semester shadowing at companies, starting with C&C. There she runs into Darcy, who's been asked to monitor the company by his aunt, Catherine. He confronts Lizzie and reveals he's in love with her. She furiously tells him she could never love him back, because of his rudeness and how he's hurt George and Jane, accidentally revealing the existence of the vlogs in the process.
After watching them all, he gives her a letter explaining his side of things. He steered Bing away from Jane because he thought she was only being nice. George was given enough money to pay his full college tuition, but spent it all in one year and then became angry when Darcy refused to give him more.
Lydia begins dating George Wickham. Meanwhile, Lizzie discovers the final company she's to visit, Pemberley Digital, belongs to Darcy's family. They begin spending time together, now on better terms, but their growing friendship is cut short when Lizzie has to rush home, having been informed there's a website counting down to the release of a sex tape involving Lydia. When she confronts her sister about it, she discovers Lydia didn't know - George assured her the video would be kept private after pressuring her into it.
Darcy manages to buy the company that owns the website and stop the video being released. Lizzie realizes she loves him, but thinks it's came too late. Bing returns to apologize; he discovered Lizzie's vlogs and saw how much Jane cared about him in them, and the two get back together. Darcy confesses to Lizzie that he still loves her, and the two finally get together.
Spin-offs.
In addition to Lizzie's vlogging, other characters also released videos which provided access to alternate perspectives and story elements.
The Lydia Bennet.
Lydia decides to start her own vlog series while Lizzie is away. As its main purpose is to show Lydia's story arc when she can't appear on the main webshow, it's only ever maintained when she and Lizzie are apart, such as when Lizzie is staying at Netherfield or visiting companies. It allows the audience to witness things like Lydia becoming friends with her cousin Mary, running away to LA to see her sister Jane, meeting George Wickham in Las Vegas on New Year's Eve, and having a relationship with him. Unlike the main webshow, Lydia's vlogs are not stationary, and rarely ever set in the same place twice.
Maria of the Lu.
After beginning her job at Collins and Collins, Charlotte gets her younger sister Maria Lu a summer internship, who documents the experience in a series of video diaries.
Collins and Collins.
Mr. Collins's company produces instructional videos called "Better Living with Collins and Collins," consisting of only two episodes. The first video is "Troubleshooting your Illumination Regulator," in which Maria Lu shows how to operate a light switch and how to fix potential problems with them. The second, "Changing Illumination Globes," and features a new hire named Kelsey Geller instructing you on how to change lightbulbs.
Pemberley Digital.
Hosted by Darcy's younger sister Gigi, Pemberley Digital posts demo videos to unveil and promote their new prototype: "Domino," an application that can automatically edit and upload videos recorded on it. This premise allows the audience to see Darcy and Gigi's efforts to track down George Wickham and get his website taken down, before he releases a sex tape he filmed involving Lydia.
Sequels.
Welcome to Sanditon.
Taking place after the events of "The Lizzie Bennet Diaries", "Welcome to Sanditon" follows Gigi Darcy as she spends her summer in Sanditon, CA to run a beta demo of the Pemberley Digital Domino application. The residents of Sanditon have all been invited to join in the test, and discover how this “life-revealing” app performs. 
The mini-series is a modernized adaptation of Jane Austen's unfinished novel, "Sanditon". One notable difference from the source material is Gigi replaces the unfinished novel's original heroine, Charlotte Heywood (as "Sanditon" is actually not connected to "Pride and Prejudice" in any way).
Emma Approved.
Taking place after the events of "Welcome to Sanditon", "Emma Approved" focuses on Emma Woodhouse, a confident and proud female entrepreneur who believes she is an excellent matchmaker.
The series is a modernized adaptation of Jane Austen's novel, "Emma". One notable difference from the source material is Caroline Lee replaces Mrs. Elton, the novel's original wife of Philip Elton (as "Emma" is actually not connected to "Pride and Prejudice" in any way).
Reception.
"The Guardian" called "The Lizzie Bennet Diaries" "the best Austen adaptation around" at the 200th anniversary of "Pride and Prejudice". In 2013 it was announced that "The Lizzie Bennet Diaries" will be awarded an award for Original Interactive Program at the Creative Arts Emmys.
Video release.
A DVD set containing every episode of the series and its spinoffs was launched on Kickstarter on March 22, 2013; the initial pledge goal of $60,000 was met within six hours. As a reference back to the series, the set's production company is calling itself Pemberley Digital.

</doc>
<doc id="36733029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733029" title="Naeem Akhtar">
Naeem Akhtar

Naeem Akhtar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36733048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733048" title="Shelbyville High School">
Shelbyville High School

The Shelbyville High School in Shelbyville, Indiana was built in 1911. It was a work of architect William Butts Ittner and of Elmer E. Dunlap. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996; the listing included three contributing buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="36733056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733056" title="Nancy White">
Nancy White

Nancy White may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36733073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733073" title="Scott McPhee">
Scott McPhee

Scott Matthew McPhee, (born 2 January 1992) is an Australian cyclist, who piloted Kieran Modra in tandem cycling. He won a gold medal with Modra at the 2012 London Paralympics.
Personal.
McPhee was born in Adelaide on 2 January 1992. , he lives in the Adelaide suburb of Wayville where he is a student at the University of Adelaide working on a Bachelor of Law. He attended West Lakes Shore Primary School and completed high school at Prince Alfred College.
Cycling.
In 2010, McPhee competed in the Rendition Homes Teams Series as a member of the South Australian Institute of Sport team. He won the Green Sprinters Jersey in the same event in 2011 riding for Team Bike Station Watermark and again in 2013 riding for Team Mcniell Logistics.
McPhee served as sighted pilot for visually impaired athlete Kieran Modra in tandem racing. At the 2011 Paracycling Track World Championships in Montichiari Italy the pair won the 4 km tandem pursuit in world record time. Throughout the year the pair had numerous results in Europe on the track and road including a bronze in the Segovia, Spain World cup road time trial. He also piloted for Modra at the 2011 UCI Para-cycling Road World Championships in Copenhagen however as favourites for the road time trial the pair returned home early when Kieran suffered a broken collarbone in a training accident prior to the event.
McPhee partnered with Bryce Lindores at the 2012 Paracycling Track World Championships. Modra had suffered severe injuries in late 2011 preventing him from competing at the titles; McPhee was asked to aid by piloting Lindores whose regular pilot was unavailable for the competition. The pair won the 4 km tandem pursuit defending back to back titles for Scott and securing Bryce's first title. Leading into the 2012 London Paralympics, McPhee was an integral part of Modra's rehabilitation back onto the bike in a bid to have him ready to compete. At the Games, he won a gold medal in the Men's 4 km Tandem Pursuit with Modra and secured a new world record time for the event. Following the Games Scott retired from tandem cycling and returned to able bodied single bike racing. In 2013 Scott rode for Euride Racing in the Australian National Road Series. He now rides locally for Team Swiss Wellness based in Adelaide.
In 2014 he will be racing for PCT-Tomacc based in Poperinge, Belgium.
Recognition.
McPhee was awarded an Order of Australia Medal in the 2014 Australia Day Honours "for service to sport as a Gold Medallist at the London 2012 Paralympic Games."

</doc>
<doc id="36733091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733091" title="Oscillating merge sort">
Oscillating merge sort

Oscillating merge sort or oscillating sort is a variation of merge sort used with tape drives that can read backwards. Instead of doing a complete distribution as is done in a tape merge, the distribution of the input and the merging of runs are interspersed. The oscillating merge sort does not waste rewind time or have tape drives sit idle as in the conventional tape merge.
The oscillating merge sort "was designed for tapes that can be read backward and is more efficient generally than either the polyphase or cascade merges."

</doc>
<doc id="36733094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733094" title="John Harington, 1st Baron Harington">
John Harington, 1st Baron Harington

John Harington, 1st Baron Harington (1281–1347) was a British nobleman and member of English Parliament and gained the title of 1st Baron Harington of Aldingham.
Origins.
John Harington was born in 1281 in Farleton, Melling, the son of Lord Robert de Haverington, of Harington and his wife Agnes de Cansfield of Aldingham. 
Career.
He was knighted in 22 May 1306 and was summond to military service in October 1309 when he accompanied Edward, Prince of Wales on a trip to Scotland. Upon leaving the military in March 1335, he became involved with his local council and later became a member of English Parliament in 1326 until his death in 1347. He held the manors of Aldingham, Thurnham, and Ulverston in Lancashire and Witherslack and Hutton Roof in Westmorland, with further estates in Austwick and Harington in Cumberland. 
Marriages & progeny.
John married twice:
Death & burial.
He died on 2 June 1347 at Aldingham. He was buried at the Church of Cartmel Fell, Lancashire.

</doc>
<doc id="36733105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733105" title="Richard Smith (diplomat)">
Richard Smith (diplomat)

Richard John Smith AM (born 14 December 1934) is an Australian diplomat.
Smith was born in Tamworth, New South Wales and educated at Sydney High School and the University of Sydney. He worked as a teacher in London in the late 1950s, then as a solicitor in New South Wales, before joining the Australian Foreign Affairs department in 1961. He had several postings in the United States, with the United Nations, and in Switzerland.
Smith's first ambassadorial posting was as Ambassador to Israel from 1975 to 1977. He was Ambassador to Thailand from 1985 to 1988, and Ambassador to the Philippines from 1994 to 1996. After serving as Deputy Secretary of the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade in Canberra, he was appointed as Australian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom from 1991 to 1994.
From 1996 to 1998, he was the Director-General of the Office of National Assessments, an Australian intelligence agency reporting to the Prime Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="36733115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733115" title="Paul Blake">
Paul Blake

Paul Blake may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36733124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733124" title="Helter Skelter (manga)">
Helter Skelter (manga)

Plot.
The manga tells the story of Liliko, a supermodel who underwent full body plastic surgery to attain the perfect body and face and to reach the peak of her career. However, her body begins to break down as an effect of the treatments and she grows desperate and unhinged, lashing out at first to her manager and agency and later to the public as she realizes that her current lifestyle cannot last long. Meanwhile, an inspector investigating a series of mysterious suicides and organ theft believes that Liliko and her unnatural beauty may be the key to unearthing an underground industry of unsafe medical practice and save lives. But who will end up the sacrifice? 
Reception.
The manga won an award of excellence at the Japan Media Arts Festival sponsored by the Japanese government in 2004.
The manga won the Grand Prize at the 2004 Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize.
As of July 29, 2012, the film has grossed US$15,148,107.

</doc>
<doc id="36733127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733127" title="Scott Reardon">
Scott Reardon

Scott Reardon (born 15 May 1990) is an Australian Paralympic leg amputee sprinter and water skier. He won water skiing world championships in 2007 and 2009. He represented Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in athletics, winning a silver medal in the Men's 100 m T42.
Personal.
Reardon was born on 15 May 1990 in Temora, New South Wales. In 2007, he lived in Coolamon. Scott Reardon grew up on his family's property near Temora, in the Riverina NSW, with a love for running and water skiing. The talented athlete has now represented his country with distinction in both sports.
In 2002 Scott got his shoelace caught in the power take off shaft of a tractor and severed his right leg through the knee. He spent a month in hospital recovering and amazed doctors by relearning to walk in just one week. Scott continued to water-ski on one leg, representing Australia three times at the Water-Skiing World Championships and winning the world title twice in 2007 and 2009.
Growing up in the country NSW town of Temora, sport has long played a prominent role in Scott's life. The nephew of former Canterbury Bulldogs NRL player Steve Reardon, Scott was the 2005 Temora and District Sportsperson of the Year. In 2006 Scott attended a Paralympic Talent Search day and was immediately identified as having the potential to run on the track at the London 2012 Paralympic Games.
Watching the Australian Team compete at the Beijing Paralympic Games further inspired Scott to pursue his talent for running. After juggling water skiing and athletics for a while, he moved to Canberra in 2009 to train at the AIS and focus on his athletics career. At the AIS, he trained alongside his sporting heroes, former track star and gold medallist Heath Francis and gold medallist and world record holder Evan O'Hanlon. Now under the guidance of coach Iryna Dvoskina, Scott has quickly developed into a world class athlete.
With less than a year of training he finished third in the 200m and fourth in the 100m at the 2010 National Athletics Championships in Perth. At the 2011 World Championships in Christchurch, Scott finished fourth in the 100m sprint and fifth in the 200m, signalling his medal credentials for London 2012. Down the track, Scott has firm intentions to add a Paralympic gold medal to his sporting resume. He earned the Commonwealth Sport Achievement Awards in 2007. In 2009, he relocated to Canberra. In 2012, he was a student at the University of Canberra where he was working on a Bachelor of Secondary Education in Design and Technology.
Water ski.
His parents have provided monetary support to help him waterski. Reardon has competed in his state's able bodied water skiing competition, and was the first person with a disability to win it. He competed at the 2007 Disabled World Championships in Townsville, where he earned a gold medal For the jump event. In 2009, he competed at the Australian Tournament Waterski disabled titles, where he earned a trio of gold medals. At the 2009 World Water Ski Championships, he won jump and overall.
Athletics.
Reardon is a T42 classified athlete. He has a scholarship at the Australian Institute of Sport where he is coached by Iryna Dvoskina. He was active in sport before his accident and was concerned following his accident that he would not be able to run again. He was representing Australia in 2007 in the 100-metre event. He competed at the 2011 IPC Athletics World Championships making three finals but not winning a medal. At the 2012 London Paralympics, he won a silver medal in the Men's 100 m T42 and placed fourth in the Men's 200 m T42.
At the 2013 IPC Athletics World Championships in Lyon, France, he won a gold medal in the Men's 100 m and a silver medal in the Men's 200m T42 events.He dead heated with Heinrich Popow from Germany in the Men's 100 m final. The rivalry between Reardon and Popow was highlighted by Reardon stating "0.03 seconds separated Heinrich and I coming into this championship in terms of personal best, and today we can't even be split. The last three races we have been in we have been separated by a total of 0.05 seconds highlighting how good this rivalry is." 

</doc>
<doc id="36733131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733131" title="Henderson M. Somerville">
Henderson M. Somerville

Henderson Middleton Somerville (March 23, 1837 - September 15, 1915) was a Professor, Associate Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court and a Member of the Board of General Appraisers.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Somerville was born on March 23, 1837, in Madison County, Virginia. He received a Juris Doctorate from the Georgetown College of Kentucky and Southwestern University of Tennessee. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1856 from University of Alabama. He received a Master of Laws degree in 1859 from the Cumberland Law School.
Career.
Somerville entered private practice in Memphis, Tennessee from 1859 to 1862. He was the editor of Memphis Appeal from 1859 to 1862. He was an associate professor at the University of Alabama from 1862 to 1865. He worked in private practice in Tuscaloosa, Alabama from 1865 to 1873. He served as Chair of constitutional, statutory and common law at the University of Alabama from 1873 to 1890. He served as an associate justice of the Alabama Supreme Court from 1872 to 1890.
Federal Judicial Service.
On July 17, 1890, President Harrison nominated Somerville to serve as a Member of the newly created Board of General Appraisers. He was confirmed by the Senate on July 18, 1890, and received his commission on July 22, 1890. He served as President of the Board from 1910 to 1914. He served on the board until his death and was succeeded on the board by Judge William C. Adamson.
Death.
Somerville died on September 15, 1915, in Edgemere, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="36733134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733134" title="Santo Tomas, Menorca">
Santo Tomas, Menorca

Santo Tomas is a small Village on the South Coast of Menorca. It is near the large town of Es Migjorn Gran. It is surrounded by lots of hills and woodland area, and has quite a history in Menorca. There are many tales surrounding the area one to be about a witch.
It is a popular destination for families. Many of the bars close at 11pm so it is not noisy late at night.
The majority of the village is dedicated to tourism. Many of the apartments, villas, restaurants and hotels are part of the Set Hotels Group which operates in several areas of Menorca. There are also several other hotel operators with properties in Santo Tomas.
The high proportion of tourist accommodation accounts for the low population figure for the village.
The next resort on the coast to the north is Cala Galdana, to the south Son Bou.

</doc>
<doc id="36733140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733140" title="Mel Gibson and the Pants">
Mel Gibson and the Pants

Mel Gibson and the Pants is an underground hip hop band based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Ryan Olson is also a member of Digitata and Gayngs.
History.
Mel Gibson and the Pants released the debut album, "A Mannequin American", in 2004.
Their second album, "W/ Guitar", was released in 2005.
The band released the third album, "Sea vs. Shining Sea", in 2007. Ira Sather-Olson of "Missoula Independent" said, ""Sea vs. Shining Sea" proves that a marriage between numerous genres can in fact create lasting results."

</doc>
<doc id="36733141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733141" title="Holy Hell (Noun album)">
Holy Hell (Noun album)

Holy Hell is the debut album from Noun, the solo project of Marissa Paternoster of Screaming Females. The album was released by Don Giovanni Records in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36733168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733168" title="Noun (EP)">
Noun (EP)

Noun is an EP from Noun), the solo project of Marissa Paternoster of Screaming Females. The EP was released by Don Giovanni Records in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36733182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733182" title="HMAS Black Snake">
HMAS Black Snake

HMAS "Black Snake" was an Snake class junk built for the Royal Australian Navy during the Second World War. She was launched in 1944 and commissioned into the Royal Australian Navy on 30 December 1944. She was used by the Services Reconnaissance Department and was paid off on 3 November 1945, before being handed over to the British Civil Administration in Borneo.

</doc>
<doc id="36733217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733217" title="St. James General Store">
St. James General Store

The Saint James General Store is a general store located on the northwest corner of Moriches and Harbor Hill Roads in Saint James, New York. Established in 1857, it is a contributing property of the Saint James District, which is primarily in the vicinity of New York State Route 25A in St. James, although the store is located northwest of Route 25A.
History.
In the early-1840s Ebenezer Smith, a descendent of Town of Smithtown founder Richard "Bull" Smith sought adventure on a trading expedition west of the Mississippi River Valley with both white settlers and Native Americans. Upon hearing about the California Gold Rush, Smith headed further west in an attempt to expand his fortune.
Returning to Long Island with some level of success, Smith built the General Store in 1857. Much of the community was centered around the vicinity of the store at the time. The majority of customers consisted of local farmers and sailors who depended on the general store for their goods and services. The store also served as the local post office, and in the late-19th Century was the home of the hamlet's first telephone.
When the Smithtown and Port Jefferson Railroad, an LIRR subsidiary built Saint James Railroad Station further south, there was some concern it would lead to land speculators and rampant suburban sprawl. This never took place, and instead attracted various celebrities to the community, as well as to the store. The old store ledgers have been said to contain such names as silent film actor and playwright Willie Collier, former New York City Mayor William Jay Gaynor, architect Stanford White, Frank McNish, Lionel Barrymore, Virginia Lee and Joe Flynn. Later these early stars and personalities were followed by others such as Ethel and John Barrymore, Lillian Russell, Maud Adams, Buster Keaton, Myrna Loy, Ruth Roman, Irving Berlin and Heavyweight Champion James J. Corbett. At the turn of the century, the store was inherited by Ebenezer's son Everett. Everett Smith died in 1940, and the store was taken over by his father-in-law Karl Ericson, who continued to operate it until he was 90 years old.
Preservation efforts.
Despite the suburbanization of much of Long Island, the store has remained functional. In 1959, Louise and Andrew Havrisko kept it open and prevented it from becoming a local residence, determined to maintain the historical nature of the store. Structurally unchanged since 1894, it was arranged to represent the period between 1880 and 1910, and that atmosphere has generally remained intact since. In 1973, it became one of a number of contributing properties to the Saint James Historic District, which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. By 1980 it was bought by another couple named John and Eleanor Oakley, and by 1990 it was purchased by the Suffolk County Department of Parks, and dedicated to the Suffolk County Historical Trust.
Today, as it has done during the second half of the 20th century, the store has sold various late-Victorian-era artifacts. The second floor contains old books and children's toys related to Long Island history.

</doc>
<doc id="36733223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733223" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres

The Men's 100m athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from August 31 to September 8. A total of 15 events were contested over this distance for 15 different classifications.
Results.
T11.
Final
T12.
Final
T13.
Heats took place on 31 August 2012. Jason Smyth broke his own world record in 10.54, while Jonathan Ntutu broke the African record.
The final took place on 1 September 2012. Jason Smyth of Ireland won gold in a new world record time of 10.46. Luis Felipe Gutierrez took silver for his second medal of the Games, with the South African Ntutu just clinching bronze.
Final
T34.
Final
T35.
Final
T36.
Final
T37.
Final
T38.
Final
No heats were held.
The final was won in a new world record of 10.79 seconds by Evan O'Hanlon of Australia.
T42.
Final
T44.
Heats took place on 5 September 2012. In the final, Jonnie Peacock of the UK won the Gold with a time of 10.90 seconds, Richard Browne of the USA won the Silver with a time of 11.03 seconds and Arnu Fourie of the RSA won the Bronze with a time of 11.08.
Final
T46.
Final
T51.
There were no heats for this event. The final was competed on 3 September 2012 at 19:10.
Final
T52.
Final
T53.
Final
T54.
Final

</doc>
<doc id="36733255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733255" title="List of lakes in Crittenden County, Arkansas">
List of lakes in Crittenden County, Arkansas

There are at least 41 named lakes and reservoirs in Crittenden County, Arkansas.

</doc>
<doc id="36733257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733257" title="Phil McGuire">
Phil McGuire

Phil McGuire may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36733260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733260" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's high jump">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's high jump

The Men's High Jump athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium on 3 September and 8 September. A total of 2 events were contested for 2 different classifications.
Results.
F46.
Competition took place on 8 September

</doc>
<doc id="36733261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733261" title="Jacopo Foroni">
Jacopo Foroni

Jacopo Foroni (Valeggio sul Mincio, Verona 26 July 1825-Stockholm, 8 September 1858) was an Italian opera composer and conductor who spent most of his working life in Sweden. 
His father was Domenico Foroni. After studies with Alberto Mazzucato in Milan Foroni worked as a conductor in France, Belgium and Holland before arriving in Sweden in 1849 to work for Vincenzo Galli's opera company at the Mindre teatern where he gave the Swedish premieres of works by Bellini and Donizetti as well as the young Verdi. He conducted the first music by Wagner to be heard in Sweden, the Tannhäuser overture, in 1856. 
He died during a cholera epidemic in 1858.

</doc>
<doc id="36733279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733279" title="Dangan Runner">
Dangan Runner


</doc>
<doc id="36733290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733290" title="Lysander Farrar">
Lysander Farrar

Lysander Farrar (May 2, 1812 Watertown, Jefferson County, New York – December 25, 1876) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of Josiah Farrar (c.1772–1824). He graduated A.M. from Union College in 1836, and became Principal of the Jamestown Academy. On August 8, 1839, he married Melissa Malvina Keyes (1820–1892), and they had five children. 
Then he studied law, was admitted to the bar, and practiced in Rochester. He was a member of the New York State Senate (28th D.) in 1862 and 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="36733298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733298" title="Minister of State for Consumer Affairs and Food Safety">
Minister of State for Consumer Affairs and Food Safety

The , is the Cabinet of Japan member in charge of the Consumer Affairs Agency. The position was created along with the agency on September 1, 2009. As of August 2012, the current minister is Jin Matsubara. He was appointed on January 13, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36733308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733308" title="Dave Smith (poet)">
Dave Smith (poet)

Dave Smith (born December 19, 1942 in Portsmouth, Virginia) is an American poet, writer, critic, editor, and educator.
Biography.
Dave Smith holds BA, MA, and PhD degrees in English from the University of Virginia, Southern Illinois University, and Ohio University, respectively. He is the author of more than a dozen volumes of poetry, and has also published works of prose and edited collections. Smith has taught literature and creative writing at numerous institutions of higher education, including the University of Utah, the University of Florida, Louisiana State University, and is currently Elliott Coleman Professor of Poetry at Johns Hopkins University. Formerly editor of "The Southern Review", Smith now serves as editor of the Southern Messenger Poets series from Louisiana State University Press. He is an elected member of the Fellowship of Southern Writers and a frequent Sewanee Writers' Conference faculty member.
Bibliography.
Poetry.
Full-Length Collections
Chapbooks
Broadsides

</doc>
<doc id="36733312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733312" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's long jump">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's long jump

The Men's Long Jump athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from August 31 to September 5. A total of 7 events were contested for 7 different classifications.
Results.
F37-38.
The placings are determined by the so-called "Raza Tables", which adjust the athletes' scores according to their disability category. The table scores do not appear to have been published for the long jump.

</doc>
<doc id="36733324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733324" title="2012 Grand Prix Cycliste de Montréal">
2012 Grand Prix Cycliste de Montréal

The 2012 Grand Prix Cycliste de Montréal was the third edition of the Grand Prix Cycliste de Montréal, a single-day professional bicycle road race. It was held on 9 September 2012, over a distance of , starting and finishing in Montréal, Quebec, Canada. It was the 26th event of the 2012 UCI World Tour season. The race was one of the only two events which are part of the World Tour calendar in North America, the other one being the Grand Prix Cycliste de Québec contested two days prior.
The race was won by Norwegian Lars Petter Nordhaug (), who broke away from the lead group and attacked twice inside the final . He out sprinted Moreno Moser () and Alexandr Kolobnev (). Simon Gerrans of , who won the 2012 Grand Prix Cycliste de Québec, took the fourth place.
Course.
The race consisted of 17 laps of a circuit in length, and followed the same path as the 2011 edition. The circuit, around the main campus of the Université de Montréal, was well-suited for climbers and punchers with three climbs per lap. The finish was on an uphill climb with a small gradient of 4%, that was located on "Avenue du Parc". There was a sharp, 180 degrees bend to the right situated 500 meters away from the line. The total vertical climb of the race was 3,893 meters. The major difficulties were:
Teams.
As the race was held under the auspices of the UCI World Tour, all eighteen UCI ProTeams were invited automatically. There were also 3 wildcard invitations, which were UCI Professional Continental teams: two French squads ( and ) and a Canadian one ().
The 18 ProTeams that competed were:
The 3 UCI Professional Continental teams that competed were:
Race summary.
The first significant breakaway occurred at kilometer 31, when Manuele Boaro () got away, soon to be joined by Cyril Gautier () and Egoi Martinez (). It was the second time that Boaro tried his luck, the first attempt was annulled a little earlier. The trio cruised to a five minute advantage, while Simone Ponzi of and Kristijan Koren of made an attempt to join them, and their acceleration caused a few riders to drop from the peloton. Before Loren and Ponzi could scheme something, they were brought back with to race, as the leading group became a duet since Boaro was dropped. Martinez and Gauthier were finally caught on the Côte de la Polytechnique during the penultimate lap. Other attacks occurred, but the bunch was back together as they crossed the line to race the last lap.
On the Côte Camilien-Houde, 's David Veilleux attacked, while Janez Brajkovic () and Gerald Ciolek () collided and crashed during the climb. Canadian Ryder Hesjedal worked to bring the lead group together, which was composed of about 25 riders with to go, when Greg Van Avermaet produced an acceleration that was brought back by the group. Lars Petter Nordhaug then placed an attack of his own, being screamed on by his team () via his earpiece to go for the victory since his teammate Edvald Boasson Hagen was out of energy. 
Nordhaug was caught by Moreno Moser and Alexandr Kolobnev on the Avenue du Parc, near the "flamme rouge". The pair had escaped from the group, Kolobnev produced an acceleration with to race, his chances looked good but Nordhaug passed him to take the victory with an advantage of two seconds, with Moser taking second place and Kolobnev holding on for third. Simon Gerrans, who won the Grand Prix Cycliste de Québec 2 days before, sprinted to fourth place.

</doc>
<doc id="36733329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733329" title="Rodolfo Aguirre Tinoco">
Rodolfo Aguirre Tinoco

Rodolfo Aguirre Tinoco is a Mexican artist.
Born in 1927, Aguirre Tinoco studied at the Academy of San Carlos, the Escuela Nacional de Artes Plásticas and the Escuela Nacional de Pintura, Escultura y Grabado "La Esmeralda".
He has had over forty individual exhibitions and has participated in over 370 collective ones in both Mexico and abroad including the Palacio de Bellas Artes, the Museo Carrillo Gil, the Museo de Arte Moderno, the National Academy Galleries in New York and the Tokyo Metropolitan Teien Art Museum. His work can be found in the collections of the Mexican Engraving and Print Museum in Bulgaria, the Alfredo Guati Rojo National Watercolor Museum, the Museo de Arte Contemporáneo in Morelia and the Museo Amecatlel in Mexico City. He has also exhibited at the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana, of which he is a member.
His work is a combination of free forms with elements which are done realistically in detail. His idea is to deepen the psyche of man, depicting both the negative and positive aspects of humanity in his art. His work often employed rough textured materials with dark, rich colors to indicate negativity and light, shiny colors on smooth surfaces to indicate the positive aspects of humanity. The main figures of his work are generally realistic with detail, especially his depictions of the female body which represent creation. However, there are elements of Expressionism in his work. Backgrounds are generally chaotic with abstractions, with shadows and light and broken faces, which the painter has called “psiquismo” (lit. psychism). Notable examples of this include "El señor de las flores", "Enigma", "Lo que es arriba, a veces, no es abajo", "La psiquis 28", "Luces y sombras", "Rostro de los 3 reinos No. 1" and "Hombre apocalíptico de tierra, vegetal, animal de sentimientos y muerte". 
He currently lives in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="36733345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733345" title="WACP">
WACP

WACP, VHF digital channel 4, is an independent television station serving Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States and southern New Jersey that is licensed to Atlantic City. The station is owned by Western Pacific Broadcast LLC. WACP maintains studios located in Millville, and its transmitter is located in Waterford Works.
Its programming features a mix of infomercials and home shopping shows.
History.
On December 17, 2009, the Federal Communications Commission proposed the allotment of two VHF allocations: one on channel 4 to Atlantic City, New Jersey and another on channel 5 to Seaford, Delaware. On January 13, 2011, the FCC announced a license auction for February 15 of that year for the two VHF channel allocations. On February 26, 2011, Richland Towers-created Western Pacific Broadcast LLC won the federal auction to acquire the two full-power VHF station licenses. On May 4, 2011, the FCC granted Western Pacific Broadcast a construction permit to build a digital transmitter for the new station, using the channel 4 license. On June 23, 2011, an application was filed into the FCC to assign the '"WACP" callsign to the station license. The construction permit to build the WACP transmitter was approved by the Federal Communications Commission on February 13, 2012.
On April 18, 2012, Richland Towers Management Waterford purchased an existing transmitter tower in Waterford Works, New Jersey (located at 1813 Arrowhead Drive) from Univision Communications, who acquired the site on May 15, 2002 as part of that company's acquisition of USA Broadcasting's television stations, including Philadelphia's WUVP-TV (channel 65). On or around June 6, 2012, WACP began testing its broadcast signal by running a tower camera feed from Birmingham, Alabama CBS affiliate WIAT, along with a WACP station ID on the upper right portion of the screen; this was later replaced by a full-screen station ID that began to be shown on-air on June 24, 2012. The FCC granted the WACP station license on July 9, 2012.
On October 23, 2012, Comcast Xfinity added WACP on cable channel 4 in much of its Philadelphia service area, displacing ABC owned-and-operated station WPVI-TV to Comcast channel 6 (in correspondence with the station's virtual channel) in certain areas (though the reasoning for WPVI maintaining the cable channel 4 location, to prevent co-channel interference with the station's signal, has been negated with the 2009 digital transition).

</doc>
<doc id="36733350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733350" title="John Harington, 2nd Baron Harington">
John Harington, 2nd Baron Harington

Sir John Harington (1307–1363) was a British nobleman and inherited the title of 2nd Baron Harington of Aldingham.
John Harington was the second son of John Harington, 1st Baron Harington and Margaret de Barlingham, Margaret died in 1307 while giving birth to John in Farleton.
Sir John Harington was married in September 1352 to Katherine Banastre, daughter of Sir Adam Banastre and his wife Margaret de Holland, of Bank Hall, Lancashire and they had one son Nicholas Harington, (born 1345).
John Harington was granted a lease of the manor of Hornby by Henry of Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster and also held the manors of Bolton-le-Moors, Chorley and Aighton. In 1358 he moved to London to take part in services for king Edward III of England. He later died in 1363 and was buried at the Church of Cartmel Fell, Lancashire.

</doc>
<doc id="36733353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733353" title="National Emergency Operations Centre">
National Emergency Operations Centre

The National Emergency Operations Centre (NEOC) (German "Nationale Alarmzentrale" (NAZ), French "Centrale nationale d’alarme" (CENAL), Italian "Centrale nazionale d’allarme") is a government organisation of the Swiss Confederation based in Zürich.
The NEOC is dealing with exceptional events, especially where increases in radioactivity are involved. The NEOC is also managing incidents involving large-scale chemical accidents, as well as overflowing or rupturing of dams (the majority of electrical energy in Switzerland is produced as hydroelectricity). The NEOC is charged with ordering measures to protect the population in cases of emergency. It is part of the Swiss Federal Office for Civil Protection (FOCP) which in turn is a sector of the Federal Department of Defence, Civil Protection and Sports. 

</doc>
<doc id="36733357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733357" title="Merlin-class sloop">
Merlin-class sloop

The "Merlin" class was a class of twenty-one sloops of wooden construction built for the Royal Navy between 1744 and 1746.

</doc>
<doc id="36733372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733372" title="Edogawadai">
Edogawadai

Facilities.
Since the opening of the University of Tokyo's Kashiwa campus and the related development of Kashiwanoha, the population of this area has grown. The university campus is approximately 25 minutes walk from the centre of Edogawadai. The station lies roughly in the centre of the town with the railway delineating the boundary between "edogawdaihigashi" and "edogawdainishi" (east and west Edogawdai respectively) and several shops surround the station. A multitude of restaurants line the road between the station and the University campus.
There is a golf driving range about 15 minutes walk towards the university campus.
Transport.
Edogawadai has a variety of transport links.
Trains.
Edogawadai Station lies on the Tōbu Noda Line. This line provides regular links to Kashiwa and Nagareyama with both stations being about 25 minutes from Tokyo via the Jōban Line (for Ueno) and Tsukuba Express (for Akihabara) respectively.
Narita International Airport is about an hour away from Edogawadai by train with the traveller needing to change at Funabashi or Shin-Kamagaya. 
In the northerly direction, there are trains just as frequently to Kasukabe and Ōmiya. The popular tourist destination of Nikkō (日光) is reachable within 2 hours.
Buses.
There are regular bus links to Kashiwa, Nagareyama, the University of Tokyo and Kashiwanoha campus.

</doc>
<doc id="36733394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733394" title="Persian Braille">
Persian Braille

Persian Braille is the braille alphabet for the Persian language. It is largely compatible with Arabic Braille, which may be found (in uncontracted form) within Persian Braille texts. There are a few additional letters.
Persian Braille is read from left to right, following the international convention. Numbers are also left to right, rather than switching direction as they do in printed Arabic.
Persian Braille charts.
Numbers and arithmetic.
Numbers are the same as in English Braille. Arithmetical symbols are introduced by a separate braille prefix.
Numbers follow operands without a space. For example,
is in braille,

</doc>
<doc id="36733395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733395" title="1998 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Singles">
1998 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Singles

Fabrice Santoro was the defending champion, but lost in the second round this year.
Àlex Corretja won the tournament, beating Tommy Haas 2–6, 7–6(8–6), 6–1 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36733412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733412" title="San Nicola (disambiguation)">
San Nicola (disambiguation)

San Nicola, Italian name of Saint Nicholas, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36733419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733419" title="Mesake Navugona">
Mesake Navugona

Mesake Navugona is a Fijian rugby footballer who represented his country at rugby league in the 2000 World Cup.
Playing career.
[http://www.fijirugby.com/player.cfm?action=viewplayer&pid=E246473A-3048-78A8-DB8AEB44B8CB7225]
[http://www.espnscrum.com/scrum/rugby/player/11228.html]
[http://www.sportingpulse.com/assoc_page.cgi?client=2-7176-0-0-0&sID=149296&&news_task=DETAIL&articleID=10159533]
[http://www.sportingpulse.com/assoc_page.cgi?client=2-7176-0-0-0&sID=149296&&news_task=DETAIL&articleID=10142375]
[http://www.fijitimes.com/story.aspx?ref=archive&id=155553]
[http://www.fijitimes.com/story.aspx?ref=archive&id=140442]
[http://www.fijitimes.com/story.aspx?ref=archive&id=157713]
[http://www.fijitimes.com/story.aspx?id=200648]
[http://www.fijitimes.com/story.aspx?id=202543]

</doc>
<doc id="36733424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733424" title="Nikolaj Hänni">
Nikolaj Hänni

Nikolaj Haenni (born 2 March 1976) is a Swiss football referee. He refereed his first match in the Swiss Super League on 18 August 2007, when he officiated between F.C. St. Gallen and Neuchâtel Xamax. He has been a FIFA-listed referee since 2011, and is a UEFA category 3 referee.

</doc>
<doc id="36733426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733426" title="Ben Barron">
Ben Barron

Ben M. Barron (April 5, 1896 - December 17, 1993) was a Lithuanian-born American businessman. 
Early life.
Ben settled in Moncks Corner, South Carolina, where his uncle Zelig Behrmann had migrated some years before and was one of Moncks Corner's first merchants after it had been incorporated in 1909. (Behrman Street in Moncks Corner was later named after him). A young Ben Barron worked in his uncle's store as a clerk. During that time, he would attend night school to obtain Citizenship in the United States.
World War I.
At the close of the war, he was released from duty, June 1919, at Camp Jackson (now Fort Jackson).
Business career.
Returning to civilian life, Ben continued to work at his uncle's store for the next 4 years.
In 1923, he purchased a failed business and started his own business Barron's Department Store. From modest beginnings, his business started to expand with additions and changes that would make Barron's a part of a household culture and an interwoven attribute in the commercial life of Moncks Corner, South Carolina. Barron's Department Store became the largest department store in Berkeley County, South Carolina, before he sold it in 1960.
Civic Life.
Ben Barron was an organizer of the Bank of Berkeley and served as its first president until April, 1952. He was a charter member of the Lions Clubs International, a member and past president of the Chamber of Commerce, a 32nd degree mason, and belonged to the Omar Shrine Temple, and the American Legion Post No. 126.
Honors.
The street Ben Barron Lane in Moncks Corner, South Carolina was named after Ben Barron for his years of outstanding service in the Berkeley County community.
Personal life.
After an eight month courtship, on June 4, 1931, Ben M. Barron married Josephine Sidenberg of Richmond, Virginia, daughter of Michael and Minnie (Levinson) Sidenberg.
Josephine became a part of the staff at Barron's and they worked together for the next 29 years.
Together they raised a son, Edmund Gerald and a daughter, Zelda Rochelle.

</doc>
<doc id="36733435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733435" title="Chairman of the National Public Safety Commission">
Chairman of the National Public Safety Commission

The , is the Cabinet of Japan member in charge of the National Public Safety Commission. As of August 2012, the current minister is Keiji Furuya. He was appointed on December 26, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36733470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733470" title="Anand Teltumbde">
Anand Teltumbde

Anand Teltumbde is a management professional, writer, civil rights activist, and political analyst. He has authored many books (translated widely in most Indian languages) on various issues relating to Peoples' movement with particular emphasis on Left and Dalits and is a noted scholar on the subject. He has extensively written in English and Marathi in popular newspapers and magazines commenting on contemporary issues. He is a regular contributor to magazines like Outlook India, Tehelka, Mainstream, Seminar, Frontier, and Economic & Political Weekly in which he writes a regular column 'Margin Speak'.
Life.
Born in a family of landless labourers, he had a brilliant academic career throughout his education.
He has BE (Mechanical) from VNIT, Nagpur; PGDM (IIM, Ahmeddabad), FEI (I), Ph D (Management).
He held responsible position in corporate sector such as Executive Director, Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd. and Managing Director and CEO, Petronet India Ltd. He also handled important assignments in Nigeria, Kenya, Tanzania and China.
Worked on many important industry and government committees and was a member of the study group on Petroleum Deregulation in 1995.
He has taught at various management institutes to post graduates and doctoral students and has been a Ph D examiner for various universities.
Published more than 20 research papers in reputed international journals in the areas of Production Research, Ergonomics, Information Technology and Business Strategy.
Had a parallel career as an activist since student days during which he held many elected positions. He has actively participated in movements of unorganized and workers in informal sectors, slum dwellers, and Dalits and has been a noted activist in civil rights movement as a member of Committee for Protection of Democratic Rights (CPDR). He has participated more than 100 fact-finding missions in the incidents of civil rights violations and communal crimes.
As a noted public intellectual, he has delivered scores of public speeches on issues of public interests and education. He has delvered more than 100 memorial lectures and key note speeches in academic conferences in India and abroad.
He edited Marathi working class monthly - Thinagi (The Spark)and worked on the editorial boards of Samaj Prabodhan Patrika, Vidrohi and other progressive magazines. He has pioneered a critique of neoliberal globalization in India from a viewpoint of downtrodden people with a book (Marathi) published in 1995 and thereafter numerous papers, pamphlets and articles.
He received many prestigious awards and recognitions such as Vikas Ratna, Ambedkar Centenary Award (UK), Ram Manohar Lohia Centenary Award, Maharashtra Foundation (USA) Award for Social Work (2008) and Maharashtra Foundation (USA) Award (2010) for the book- Samrajyavadvirodh ani Jati Vinash.
He teaches Management at the School of Management IIT Kharagpur.
Bibliography.
The Khairlanji Murders and India's Hidden Apartheid "
perspectives for understanding communal praxis"

</doc>
<doc id="36733474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733474" title="Witu, Kenya">
Witu, Kenya

Witu is a small market town in the Coast Province of Kenya, in east Africa. It is west of the Witu Forest. Formerly it was the capital of the Witu Sultanate. It is on road C-112 between Mkunumbi, to the east, and Garsen, to the west. A secondary road leads south to Kipini on the coast.

</doc>
<doc id="36733489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733489" title="Oliver C. Brown">
Oliver C. Brown

Oliver C. Brown (sometimes credited as Oliver Brown) is an American percussionist. Brown was one of the original members of KC & The Sunshine Band. For over 4 decades, Brown has played with well-known performers from Natalie Cole to Jermaine Jackson.
Early years and KC & The Sunshine Band.
Brown’s first big break came in Florida with TK Records as their in house percussionist. He recorded and/or toured with most of their artists, including Benny Latimore, Little Beaver, Clarence Reid, Betty Wright, Gwen McCrae, and George McCrae. Following this, he become one of the original members of KC and The Sunshine Band as they recorded their 1974 debut album "Do It Good", followed by the album "KC and the Sunshine Band" which featured "Get Down Tonight" and "That's the Way (I Like It)", their first number one hits on the "Billboard" charts.
Late 1970s & early 1980s.
After moving to Los Angeles, California, Brown expanded his musical horizons with the aid of his brother, Eddie Brown of the famed folk duet of the sixties, Joe and Eddie. Eddie Brown arranged his first recording session in L.A. with Gene McDaniels who recorded the 1960s hit, "A Hundred Pounds of Clay".
Gravity 180.
Eventually, Brown became the third member of the trio, Gravity 180, which he considers to be his greatest artistic achievement to date. The other members of the trio are: Clydene Jackson on keyboards with phenomenal vocals, and Harold Payne on acoustic guitar with superb vocals. Payne and Jackson are the main songwriters for the group. Brown has stated that the group has given him the opportunity to express percussion in a way that could be said to be a percussionist’s dream. Gravity 180 was conceived without the aid of trap drums or a bass player; Jackson plays left hand keyboard bass. This gave Brown the opportunity to cover all the territory of trap drums and percussion in the arrangements of their music (driven by percussion).
Nils.
Nils is a "Billboard" #1 Smooth Jazz artist. Brown performed on all of Nils' albums from his hit "Pacific Coast Highway" to his current album titled, "City Groove". Brown continues to perform with Nils and Gravity 180 as well as with other prominent artists around the globe.
Film.
Brown was featured in "Gravity 180", the 2012 documentary film about the group, written, directed, co-produced and edited by two-time award-winning filmmaker Len Rosen. The film was a featured documentary at the Monaco Film Festival in May 2012, and was granted an Honorary award.

</doc>
<doc id="36733505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733505" title="Almanzor Hutchinson">
Almanzor Hutchinson

Almanzor Hutchinson (January 17, 1811 Remsen, Oneida County, New York – June 12, 1893) was an American farmer and politician from New York.
Life.
In 1816, the family removed to a farm in Gaines, then in Genesee County, since 1824 in Orleans County, New York. In 1845, he married Mary G. Short (1821–1903), and they had several children. 
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Orleans Co.) in 1857, 1858 and 1859; and of the New York State Senate (29th D.) in 1862 and 1863.
He was buried at the Mount Albion Cemetery in Albion.

</doc>
<doc id="36733508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733508" title="Kyle Patrick (EP)">
Kyle Patrick (EP)

Kyle Patrick is the second EP by American singer-songwriter Kyle Patrick. It was released online on July 20, 2012.
"Go For Gold!" has been involved in the London Olympics, and has been played on radio in countries such as Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia.
Release history.
The EP was released online via PledgeMusic on July 19, 2012 exclusively to fans who had pledged for Kyle's exclusives. It was officially released on Bandcamp and the iTunes Store on July 20, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36733538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733538" title="Rijeka Dubrovačka">
Rijeka Dubrovačka

Rijeka Dubrovačka is a ria near Komolac, Dubrovnik on the coast of the Adriatic Sea. The Ombla river flows into Rijeka Dubrovačka. The Franjo Tuđman Bridge spans it, carrying the D8 state road.

</doc>
<doc id="36733549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733549" title="Ibalong Festival">
Ibalong Festival

The "Ibalong Festival" is a non-religious festival in Legazpi City, Albay, Philippines and is held in August. The festival celebrates the epic story Ibalong who was accompanied by three legendary heroes, namely Baltog, Handyong, Bantong and other ancient heroes. People parade in the streets wearing masks and costumes to imitate the appearances of the heroes and the villains, portraying the classic battles that made their way into the history of Bicol. The Ibalong Festival aims to express warmth and goodwill to all people; visitors and tourists are encouraged to celebrate with the Bicolanos.
However, according to renowned historians and anthropologists such as Domingo Abella, Luis Camara Dery, Merito Espinas, F. Mallari, Norman Owen, Mariano Goyena del Prado, et al., the present location of the ancient settlement of Ibalong is in Magallanes, Sorsogon.

</doc>
<doc id="36733550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733550" title="2013 Open Championship">
2013 Open Championship

The 2013 Open Championship was the 142nd Open Championship, held 18–21 July at Muirfield Golf Links in Gullane, East Lothian, Scotland. Phil Mickelson shot a final round 66 (−5) to win his fifth major title, three strokes ahead of runner-up Henrik Stenson. Mickelson began the round five strokes back, in a tie for ninth place. Ian Poulter, Adam Scott, and 54-hole leader Lee Westwood tied for third, four back of Mickelson.
Venue.
The 2013 event was the 16th Open Championship played at Muirfield. The most recent was in 2002, when Ernie Els won his third major championship in a playoff over Stuart Appleby, Steve Elkington, and ultimately in a sudden-death playoff over Thomas Levet. Nick Faldo won the previous Open at the venue, in 1992; the first was in 1892.
Course layout.
The course was extended since the 2002 Championship.
Source:
Lengths of the course for Opens since 1950:
Field.
Each player is classified according to the first category in which he qualified, but other categories are shown in parentheses.
1. The Open Champions aged 60 or under on 21 July 2013
Mark Calcavecchia (3,4), Stewart Cink (2,3), Darren Clarke (2,3), Ben Curtis (2,3), David Duval, Ernie Els (2,3,4,5,14), Nick Faldo, Todd Hamilton (2), Pádraig Harrington (2,3,12), Paul Lawrie (5,6,17), Tom Lehman, Justin Leonard (3), Sandy Lyle, Mark O'Meara, Louis Oosthuizen (2,3,5,6,14), Tiger Woods (2,3,4,5,13,14,17)
2. The Open Champions for 2003–2012
3. The Open Champions finishing in the first 10 and tying for 10th place in The Open Championship 2008–2012
Tom Watson
4. First 10 and anyone tying for 10th place in the 2012 Open Championship at Royal Lytham & St Annes
Thomas Aiken, Nicolas Colsaerts (5,6,17), Luke Donald (5,6,7,14,17), Miguel Ángel Jiménez (6), Dustin Johnson (5,14,17), Zach Johnson (5,14,17), Matt Kuchar (5,13,14,17), Graeme McDowell (5,6,10,17), Alexander Norén (6), Geoff Ogilvy, Thorbjørn Olesen (5,6), Ian Poulter (5,6,17), Adam Scott (5,11,14), Vijay Singh, Brandt Snedeker (5,14,17)
5. The first 50 players on the Official World Golf Ranking for Week 21, 2013
Keegan Bradley (12,14,17), Tim Clark, Jason Day, Jamie Donaldson (6), Jason Dufner (14,17), Gonzalo Fernández-Castaño (6), Rickie Fowler (14), Jim Furyk (14,17), Sergio García (14,17), Robert Garrigus (14), Branden Grace (6,20), Bill Haas, Peter Hanson (6,17), Martin Kaymer (6,12,17), David Lynn (6), Hunter Mahan (14), Matteo Manassero (6,7), Rory McIlroy (6,10,12,14,17), Phil Mickelson (9,11,14,17), Francesco Molinari (6,17), Ryan Moore (14), Carl Pettersson (14), Scott Piercy (14), D. A. Points, Justin Rose (6,10,14,17), Charl Schwartzel (6,11), Webb Simpson (10,14,17), Henrik Stenson, Kevin Streelman, Michael Thompson, Thongchai Jaidee (6), Bo Van Pelt (14), Nick Watney (14), Bubba Watson (11,14,17), Lee Westwood (6,14,17)
6. First 30 in the Race to Dubai for 2012
Rafael Cabrera-Bello, George Coetzee, Marcus Fraser, Shane Lowry, Richie Ramsay, Marcel Siem, Bernd Wiesberger, Danny Willett
7. The BMW PGA Championship winners for 2011–2013
8. First 5 European Tour members and any European Tour members tying for 5th place, not otherwise exempt, in the top 20 of the Race to Dubai on completion of the 2013 Alstom Open de France
Thomas Bjørn, Mikko Ilonen, Brett Rumford, Richard Sterne, Marc Warren
9. The Scottish Open Champion for 2013
10. The U.S. Open Champions for 2009–2013
Lucas Glover
11. The Masters Tournament Champions for 2009–2013
Ángel Cabrera
12. The PGA Champions for 2008–2012
Y. E. Yang
13. The Players Champions for 2011–2013
K. J. Choi
'"14. The leading 30 qualifiers for the 2012 Tour Championship
John Huh, John Senden
15. First 5 PGA Tour members and any PGA Tour members tying for 5th place, not exempt in the top 20 of the PGA Tour FedEx Cup points list for 2013 on completion of the 2013 The Greenbrier Classic
Harris English, Russell Henley, Billy Horschel, Jimmy Walker, Boo Weekley
16. The John Deere Classic winner for 2013
Jordan Spieth
17. Playing members of the 2012 Ryder Cup teams
18. First and anyone tying for 1st place on the Order of Merit of the Asian Tour for 2012
Thaworn Wiratchant
19. First and anyone tying for 1st place on the Order of Merit of the Tour of Australasia for 2012
Peter Senior
20. First and anyone tying for 1st place on the Order of Merit of the Southern Africa PGA Sunshine Tour for 2012 
21. The Japan Open Champion for 2012
Kenichi Kuboya
22. First 2 and anyone tying for 2nd place, not exempt, on the Official Money List of the Japan Golf Tour for 2012
Hiroyuki Fujita, Toru Taniguchi
23. The leading 4 players, not exempt, in the 2013 Mizuno Open
Makoto Inoue, Brendan Jones, Shingo Katayama, Kim Kyung-tae
24. First 2 and anyone tying for 2nd place, in a cumulative money list taken from all official 2013 Japan Golf Tour events up to and including the 2013 Mizuno Open.
Kim Hyung-sung, Satoshi Kodaira
25. The Senior Open Champion for 2012
Fred Couples
26. The Amateur Champion for 2013
Garrick Porteous (a)
27. The U.S. Amateur Champion for 2012
Steven Fox (a)
28. The European Amateur Champion for 2012
Rhys Pugh (a)
29. The Mark H. McCormack Medal winner for 2012
International Final Qualifying
Local Final Qualifying
Alternates 
To make up the full entry of 156, additional players were drawn from the Official World Golf Ranking dated 7 July 2013 (provided the player was entered in the Open and did not withdraw from qualifying).
Round summaries.
First round.
"Thursday, 18 July 2013"
Zach Johnson was the first round leader after shooting a 5-under-par 66. Both Johnson and Indian outsider Shiv Kapur reached 6-under during their rounds before dropping shots on the tougher back nine, Kapur doing so during difficult afternoon conditions by birdieing six of his first seven holes. Two Spaniards, 49-year-old Miguel Ángel Jiménez and Rafael Cabrera-Bello, had also reached 5-under before late bogeys, as had veteran Mark O'Meara. Two senior golfers were in the top five: O'Meara (56 years old), the 1998 champion, was tied for second at 67 and Tom Lehman (54), the 1996 champion, was tied for fourth at 68. Defending champion Ernie Els shot 74 (+3), tarnished by a triple-bogey after bunker trouble at the 16th. World number one Tiger Woods, playing in the tough later conditions, opened with a bogey after snap-hooking his tee shot and taking an unplayable lie, but fought his way back to 69 (−2) in the search for his 15th major championship. Out-of-form world number two Rory McIlroy, however, struggled to a 79 (+8) despite an early tee time. Phil Mickelson, four-time major champion and the winner of the previous week's Scottish Open, also had a 69 despite a closing bogey.
Second round.
"Friday, 19 July 2013"
At the end of the second round, nine players were under par, and the cut line was +8. Jiménez was the leader at 139 (−3). Dustin Johnson, Henrik Stenson, Lee Westwood, and Woods were all one shot behind at 140.
Third round.
"Saturday, 20 July 2013"
Westwood shot 70 (−1) to take the 54-hole lead at 210 (−3), which included a long eagle at the 5th hole. Hunter Mahan shot 68 (−3) to move into a tie for second at 212 (−1). Woods held sole possession of the lead early in the round, but carded 72 (+1) to fall back to 212 with Mahan. Adam Scott shot 70 (−1) to move to even-par 213.
Final round.
"Sunday, 21 July 2013"
Through the first six holes, 54-hole leader Westwood was even for the day and in control of the tournament. However, he faltered down the stretch. After a bogey by Westwood on the 8th, he relinquished the lead to Scott, who had birdied at 11 to go two-under for the championship. Westwood bogeyed three more holes to finish at +1. "I didn't play badly, but I didn't play great", he remarked. 
Mickelson, who started the day five shots back, carded a 34 (−2) on the front nine to get to even-par for the championship. After bogeying the 10th, he got back to even par with a birdie at the 13th, then birdied the 14th while Scott bogeyed the 13th and the two were tied for the lead at −1. After two pars, Mickelson birdied the final two holes to finish at 281 (−3). At that point, about an hour of play remained but Mickelson knew he had all but won the event. Scott followed up his bogey on the 13th with bogeys on each of the next three holes.
Stenson shot 70 (−1) and finished three strokes back of Mickelson in second place at even-par 284. Ian Poulter got hot in the middle of his round and posted a 67 (−4) to tie for third with Scott and Westwood. Woods started the day two strokes off the lead, but shot a 74 (+3) to tie for sixth. Mahan, who also started the day two strokes back, carded a 75 (+4) and tied for ninth.
Mickelson attained his fifth major title and first Open Championship. He had previously struggled at the event, recording just two finishes in the top-10 in 19 tries. Mickelson's caddy, Jim "Bones" Mackay, called the final round "the best round of his career." Mickelson agreed, saying "I don't care how I got it, Claret Jug trophy ...it just so happened to be with one of the best rounds of my career ... I've always tried to go out and get it ... And today I did."
Scorecard.
"Final round"

</doc>
<doc id="36733559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733559" title="Avery Bailey Clark">
Avery Bailey Clark

Avery Bailey Clark is a fictional character from the American CBS Daytime soap opera, "The Young and the Restless", portrayed by actress Jessica Collins. She made her on-screen debut during the episode that aired on July 27, 2011 as a high-class attorney. Avery first came to Genoa City after being hired by Victor Newman to be Sharon Newman's lawyer during the character's murder case. She was later revealed to be the estranged sister of Phyllis Summers. Her storylines have predominantly included her legal work, feuding with Phyllis, a romance with Phyllis' ex-husband Nicholas Newman, as well as history with Dylan McAvoy.
Casting.
In June 2011, it was announced that former "Loving" actress Jessica Collins had been cast in the role of Avery. Collins was previously also known for her roles in television shows such as "Beverly Hills 90210" and "American Dreams" and guest appearances on "Two and a Half Men", "" and "Nip/Tuck". Speaking of her casting, Collins said that "I always open to returning to daytime" but it "had to be the for the right role". She explained: "This one happened really quickly. Y&R called me and I read the part and I was interested in the character immediately. The timing was right. I felt this was a good fit for me." There were circulating rumors that Collins' character could be related to a previous character, Matt Clark, who had been portrayed by actors Eddie Cibrian and Rick Hearst. Speaking of the rumor, Collins stated: "That’s the first I’ve heard of that. I don’t know much Eddie and I look alike but that’s never stopped anything in daytime". 
Development.
Characterization.
Prior to her on-screen debut on the series, it was revealed by soap journalist Michael Fairman that she was a "high-powered attorney who will represent the accused murderess Sharon Newman. Who hires Avery? The Mustache! (And we know how much he likes hot blondes!)". The character is a famous attorney; known for defending the wrongly accused. On whether Avery could get Sharon's (Sharon Case) guilty verdict reversed, Collins said that these types of cases are what "Avery lives for". Collins said "She's dedicated her life to righting the wrongs of the system. She's started up an Innocence Project. She's not in it for the money." Describing the character, she said that she isn't a "glamorous lawyer", but more on the "clunky side". Additionally, the actress describes her "more as a 'broad' than a lady." 
In October 2012, after over a year on the series, Avery's residence was shown. The apartment designed by the show's production designer Bill Hultstrom was an "eclectic" home which was made to reflect Collin's real-life background as a professional gourmet chef. In the apartment, Collins stated that Avery mostly "cooks and fantasizes". Avery in her apartment unveiled a different side to the character; Collins said she enjoyed playing the "awkward, goofy, fun side" of Avery who is usually so "serious in her business life". Luke Kerr of "Zap2It" described Avery as a "cupcake-baking, legal eagle".
Family and relationships.
Upon her debut, "CBS Soaps In Depth" stated that "Any familial dynamics Avery may – or may not – have will unfold over time." In a twist, it was revealed that she was the younger sister of Phyllis Newman (Michelle Stafford). Stafford is one of the show's longest-running cast members. They have a bitter relationship towards one another because of Phyllis leaving her as a child. A few months into Avery's reunion with Phyllis, their dying father George Summers (Ken Howard) is introduced to the series. While interviewing Stafford, soap opera journalist Michael Fairman noted: "All of a sudden members of Phyllis’s family are sprouting up. First up was her sister Avery. And now with this recent storyline, Y&R is bringing back up the sins of the father, with Phyllis and Avery’s dad George, in the picture for just a brief time." Of Phyllis and Avery's relationship, Stafford said that Collins and herself are still "working it out", calling it an "interesting" relationship. She said "we wanted to make it a very complex and odd relationship, and even the scenes where we are at the facility with the dad at the end of the story arc are really interesting. What I like about those scenes, and how they play out, is that nothing has been resolved." Stafford said she enjoyed working with Collins, "Jessica is amazing. She is so professional and so great. She is so willing to work scenes out." Additionally, Stafford said that Phyllis is jealous of Avery being a successful attorney while she had "bounced around" to find a career for herself.
Avery developed a serious romantic relationship with Phyllis' ex-husband, Nicholas Newman (Joshua Morrow), who began wondering about her past relationships. She told him that the man she loved, Dylan, died during war in Afghanistan. However, it was revealed by executive producer Jill Farren Phelps that Dylan "is a war veteran who was greatly traumatized by what happened to him in Afghanistan. He was severely injured and was rescued by a family who helped him recuperate. He's not been heard from for a couple of years, which is why people think he's dead". In January 2013, soap opera veteran actor Steve Burton joined the show's cast as Dylan McAvoy. TVLine noted that his "resurrection" "surely would derail" Avery's new life with Nick. Jillian Bowe of Zap2it described Dylan as the "mysterious ex Avery keeps bringing up". Additionally, Phelps noted Avery to be "the great love of" Dylan's life, although she wasn't sure if Avery "had the same feelings for him". Flashbacks "to bring the audience into the history of the Dylan-Avery relationship" aired. Dylan came to town, initially posing under the name Mac. He got a job at Nick's nightclub, The Underground, and hoped to see Avery from a far. They eventually came face to face, shocking Avery. She was puzzled, but ultimately chose to remain with Nick instead of reuniting with Dylan.
Storylines.
Avery is the younger sister of Phyllis. She was born in Darien, Connecticut. Growing up, the sisters were close. However their father George was bilking people out of their life savings. Phyllis turned him in and fled the family, leaving Avery behind and "triggering years of estrangement."
Avery first appeared in Genoa City in 2011 after being hired by Victor Newman (Eric Braeden) to help Sharon Newman (Sharon Case), who was wrongfully convicted of murdering Skye Lockhart (Laura Stone). Avery even pretended to flirt with Sharon's ex, Adam Newman (Michael Muhney) to get to the truth to find evidence. Avery was able to create a trial for Sharon, which could be her door to freedom. Her arrival in Genoa City also seemed to disturb Phyllis, as she recognized Avery when she researched her on the internet. They ran into each other, and it was discovered that she was Phyllis's younger sister. Sharon was initially going to plead guilty when offered only 18 months (and then freedom) if she did so, however Avery made sure her children were in the court room, so she wouldn't lie and say she committed murder when she hadn't; and it worked. Months later Sharon was freed. 
Avery formed a friendship with Nicholas Newman (Joshua Morrow), who was not only Sharon's ex-husband of eleven years, but involved with Phyllis at the time. Once Nick left Phyllis, he and Avery became involved. To get under Phyllis' skin, Avery agreed to become Daisy Carter (a psychotic person who had given birth to Phyllis' granddaughter, to whom Phyllis managed to get full custody of) lawyer and it also allowed Daisy to spend time with her daughter, Lucy Abbott Summers. Despite this, Avery's reasoning was more personal, as she didn't have full knowledge of Daisy's potential. Sharon was later set free to go and be with her family. 
Avery and Nick continued to see each other, but she left him knowing he only loved Phyllis and Sharon. He left her for Phyllis. Avery represented Nick when he was against Sharon's plea to the courts to gain joint custody of their daughter, Faith; but Sharon regained joint custody. It was revealed that their father George was dying. Avery visited him on his dying bed and mended things with him, however, Phyllis didn't. Out of pure spite, Avery helped reduce Daisy's prison sentence and vowed to get her custody of Lucy. Eventually, Phyllis and Avery's rivalry calmed down and they have been cordial to each other. Avery became Victor Newman's personal lawyer, handling business at Newman Enterprises, after Michael Baldwin was sworn in as District Attorney. After Victor went missing following his marriage to Sharon, Sharon burned the prenuptial agreement which Avery had drawn up, and then took over Newman Enterprises. 
Nick and his sister Victoria Abbott (Amelia Heinle) initially want Avery's help, however, as Victor's lawyer she was obliged by law to help out Sharon, much to her dismay. Nonetheless, she helped Nick prove Sharon was an unfit leader for the company behind the scenes. Although the judge ruled that Sharon was fit to be CEO of Newman, Victor eventually returned, ending her reign of destruction. Recently following the breakdown of Nick and Phyllis' second marriage, she re-connects with Nick and they start flirting. Despite not wanting to be with him because of her sister, she continues to daydream about them being together. Avery also began connecting with her niece, Summer Newman (Hunter King).
Reception.
In 2013, Collins received a Daytime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for her portrayal of Avery.

</doc>
<doc id="36733571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733571" title="Wawa River (Nicaragua)">
Wawa River (Nicaragua)

The Wawa River (, also known as Rio Wawa or Rio Hauhau) is a river located in the North Atlantic Autonomous Region of Nicaragua that drains to the Caribbean Sea. It flows southeast through northeast Nicaragua to the Mosquito Coast (or Miskito Coast) region. The river joins Laguna de Karata, south of Puerto Cabezas, before exiting to the Caribbean Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="36733574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733574" title="Nonhuman Rights Project">
Nonhuman Rights Project

The Nonhuman Rights Project (NhRP) is an American animal rights nonprofit organization seeking to change the legal status of some or all nonhuman animals from that of property to that of persons, with a goal of securing rights to bodily integrity and individual liberty. The NhRP works largely through litigation in what it determines to be the most appropriate common law jurisdictions, as well as through public opinion campaigns. Its strategies are decided by a team of lawyers, law students, and law professors performing research into relevant legal precedences in the United States and around the world, as well the attitudes of the judges who sit on their high courts, and recent studies of animal behavior and neuroscience.
The organization was established as the Center for the Expansion of Fundamental Rights (CEFR) in 1996 by Steven M. Wise, and re-founded as the Nonhuman Rights Project in 2007. The NhRP is headquartered in Coral Springs, Florida. Jane Goodall, founder of the Jane Goodall Institute, has served on their board since its founding.
Further reading.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36733590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733590" title="The Silent War (film)">
The Silent War (film)

The Silent War is a 2012 Chinese-Hong Kong thriller film directed by Alan Mak and Felix Chong.
The film won Best Cinematography at the 32nd Hong Kong Film Award.
Awards and Nominations.
32nd Hong Kong Film Awards
Golden Horse Awards
Asian Film Awards
Asia Pacific Film Awards

</doc>
<doc id="36733605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733605" title="Odd Apocalypse (book)">
Odd Apocalypse (book)

Odd Apocalypse (2012) is the fifth thriller novel in the "Odd Thomas" series by American writer Dean Koontz.
Plot summary.
Odd Thomas and his traveling companion Annamaria have been invited by a reclusive billionaire to be his guests at his sprawling estate, Roseland. However, something is deeply wrong in the sprawling property. The staff, the few there are, are jumpy and filled with odd hints and concerns.
Odd can't just gather his friend, their dogs and leave. Despite the warnings, Annamaria, who has secrets of her own, has informed Odd that Roseland has secrets far more sinister than just a propensity for cleanliness. There's someone deep inside the estate who is going to need his help.
Characters.
Odd Thomas.
"I see dead people. But then, by God, I do something about it." – Odd Thomas pg. 32
Odd follows Annamaria to Roseland and trusts her when she tells him he is there for a reason. Early in his stay, he is overcome with a vision, but not just a typical vision for a person who has the ability to see dead souls that have yet to cross over. He sees a woman riding a horse in a long white dress, with red blood stains from fatal gunshot wounds that she received while alive. Along with this woman, the sky behind her turns an unnatural orange and he sees what looks like giant bats with wing spans as long as ten feet. After this he knows something is not right with Roseland.
Annamaria.
Annamaria is a young pregnant woman, whom Odd met in Magic Beach in the fourth book, Odd Hours. After leaving Magic Beach with Odd, she convinces Noah Wolflaw to let the two stay at the guest house of the Roseland estate.
Noah Wolflaw.
Owner of the Roseland estate. He purchased the property from former newspaper mogul Constanine Cloyce who built the estate in the 1920s. He has several live-in full-time staff members from housekeepers, gardeners, and security staff. He is well liked by his staff and the Roseland estate is always in pristine condition.
Odd Thomas film adaptation.
Novelist Dean Koontz told San Diego Comic-Con attendees on July 26, 2008 that he now has a movie script adapted from his first book in the series "Odd Thomas" in hand and he's very pleased with the results. Koontz also teased that an unnamed actor has signed on to play the title character, but refused to reveal any further details. Koontz added that after reading the script, which was written by an unnamed screenwriter, he 'fell over' because it was 'so perfect.'
The unnamed writer was confirmed in November 2010 to be American filmmaker Stephen Sommers, who will also be directing. The film will be produced independently by Howard Kaplan and John Baldecchi.
It was announced in February 2011 that Anton Yelchin was set to play the title role.

</doc>
<doc id="36733606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733606" title="2013 PGA Championship">
2013 PGA Championship

The 2013 PGA Championship was the 95th PGA Championship, played August 8–11 at the East Course of Oak Hill Country Club in Pittsford, New York, a suburb southeast of Rochester. Jason Dufner won his first major title, two strokes ahead of runner-up Jim Furyk.
Venue.
This was the third PGA Championship at the East Course at Oak Hill; Jack Nicklaus won in 1980 and Shaun Micheel in 2003. It also hosted three U.S. Opens, in 1956, 1968, and 1989, and the Ryder Cup in 1995.
Course layout.
East Course
Source:
Previous course lengths for major championships
Field.
The following qualification criteria were used to select the field. Each player is listed according to the first category by which he qualified with additional categories in which he qualified shown in parentheses.
1. All former PGA Champions
Rich Beem, Keegan Bradley (6,8,9), Pádraig Harrington, Martin Kaymer (9), Davis Love III, Rory McIlroy (2,6,8,9,10), Shaun Micheel, Phil Mickelson (3,4,8,9,10), Vijay Singh, David Toms, Tiger Woods (6,8,9,10), Y. E. Yang
The following former champions did not compete: Paul Azinger, Jack Burke, Jr., Steve Elkington, Dow Finsterwald, Raymond Floyd, Doug Ford, Al Geiberger, Wayne Grady, David Graham, Hubert Green, Don January, John Mahaffey, Larry Nelson, Bobby Nichols, Jack Nicklaus, Gary Player, Nick Price, Jeff Sluman, Dave Stockton, Hal Sutton, Lee Trevino, Bob Tway, Lanny Wadkins
2. Last five U.S. Open Champions
Lucas Glover, Graeme McDowell (6,8,9,10), Justin Rose (6,8,9,10), Webb Simpson (8,9)
3. Last five Masters Champions
Ángel Cabrera (8), Charl Schwartzel (8), Adam Scott (6,8,10), Bubba Watson (6,8,9)
4. Last five British Open Champions
Stewart Cink, Darren Clarke, Ernie Els (8)
5. Current Senior PGA Champion
Kōki Idoki
6. 15 low scorers and ties in the 2012 PGA Championship
Tim Clark (8), Ben Curtis, Jamie Donaldson, Peter Hanson (9), David Lynn (8), Geoff Ogilvy, Carl Pettersson (8), Ian Poulter (8,9,10), Steve Stricker (8,9)
7. 20 low scorers in the 2013 PGA Professional National Championship
J. C. Anderson, Danny Balin, Mark Brown, Caine Fitzgerald, Bob Gaus, Kirk Hanefeld, Rob Labritz, Jeffrey Martin, David McNabb, David Muttitt, Rod Perry, Ryan Polzin, Lee Rhind, Mark Sheftic, Sonny Skinner, Mike Small, Stuart Smith, Jeff Sorenson, Bob Sowards, Chip Sullivan
8. Top 70 leaders in official money standings from the 2012 WGC-Bridgestone Invitational to the 2013 RBC Canadian Open
Bae Sang-moon (10), Charlie Beljan (10), Jonas Blixt (10), Roberto Castro, Kevin Chappell, Jason Day, Brendon de Jonge, Graham DeLaet, Luke Donald (9), Jason Dufner (9), Ken Duke (10), Harris English (10), Rickie Fowler, Jim Furyk (9), Sergio García (9,10), Robert Garrigus, Brian Gay (10), Bill Haas (10), Russell Henley (10), Charley Hoffman, Billy Horschel (10), Charles Howell III, John Huh, Dustin Johnson (9,10), Zach Johnson (9), Chris Kirk, Jason Kokrak, Matt Kuchar (9,10), Martin Laird (10), Marc Leishman, David Lingmerth, Hunter Mahan, John Merrick (10), Ryan Moore (10), Ryan Palmer, Scott Piercy, D. A. Points (10), Brandt Snedeker (9,10), Jordan Spieth (10), Kevin Stadler, Scott Stallings, Kyle Stanley, Henrik Stenson, Kevin Streelman (10), Chris Stroud, Josh Teater, Michael Thompson (10), Bo Van Pelt, Jimmy Walker, Nick Watney (10), Boo Weekley (10), Lee Westwood (9)
9. Members of the United States and European 2012 Ryder Cup teams (provided they are ranked in the top 100 in the Official World Golf Ranking on July 28)
Nicolas Colsaerts, Paul Lawrie, Francesco Molinari
10. Winners of tournaments co-sponsored or approved by the PGA Tour since the 2012 PGA Championship
Woody Austin, Scott Brown, Derek Ernst, Tommy Gainey, Gary Woodland
11. Vacancies are filled by the first available player from the list of alternates (those below 70th place in official money standings).
Matt Every
Alternates:
12. The PGA of America reserves the right to invite additional players not included in the categories listed above
Kiradech Aphibarnrat, Thomas Bjørn, Rafael Cabrera-Bello, Paul Casey, K. J. Choi, George Coetzee, Gonzalo Fernández-Castaño, Marcus Fraser, Hiroyuki Fujita, Stephen Gallacher, Branden Grace, Luke Guthrie, Mikko Ilonen, Ryo Ishikawa, Fredrik Jacobson, Scott Jamieson, Miguel Ángel Jiménez, Brooks Koepka, Pablo Larrazábal, Shane Lowry, Joost Luiten, Matteo Manassero, Hideki Matsuyama, Paul McGinley, Alexander Norén, Thorbjørn Olesen, Richie Ramsay, Brett Rumford, John Senden, Marcel Siem, Richard Sterne, Thongchai Jaidee, Peter Uihlein, Jaco van Zyl, Marc Warren, Tom Watson, Bernd Wiesberger, Danny Willett, Chris Wood
Round summaries.
First round.
"Thursday, August 8, 2013"
Jim Furyk and Adam Scott shot 5-under-par 65s and were tied for the lead after the first round. Rain suspended play for 71 minutes.
Second round.
"Friday, August 9, 2013"
Jason Dufner posted a 7-under-par 63 to break the Oak Hill Country Club course record, which was held by Ben Hogan and Curtis Strange and tied in the same round by Webb Simpson. He held a two-stroke lead over Furyk, Scott, and Matt Kuchar. Woody Austin suffered a four-stroke penalty for carrying too many clubs in his bag for the first two holes and missed the cut by one stroke.
Third round.
"Saturday, August 10, 2013"
Furyk shot a 68 to take the lead going into the final round. Dufner was one shot behind, and Henrik Stenson was two shots behind. The low round of the day went to Dustin Johnson, who shot a 5-under-par 65 to move into a tie for ninth place.
Final round.
"Sunday, August 11, 2013"
Jim Furyk went into the final round with a one-shot lead at nine-under-par over Jason Dufner, but was caught and subsequently tied for the lead when Dufner after the fourth hole made a birdie. At the fifth hole, Dufner would take the lead outright at 10-under-par, but would soon give it back, when Furyk made a birdie on six. However, this was only temporary because at No. 8 Dufner would take the lead with a birdie to move to 11-under-par, and from that point onwards he was the sole leader. At No. 9, Furyk would go onto make bogey and fall back to nine-under-par and from that point until the end of the championship the margin was affixed at two strokes. At No. 16, both golfers made birdie to go to 12-under and 10-under-par respectively, however at the subsequent two holes they made bogeys to finish out their respective rounds at 10-under and 8-under-par. Dufner shot a two-under-par round of 68 to Furyk's one-over-par, 71. Henrik Stenson who started the day two-shots removed from the lead never really threatened the leaders after coming to just one-shot behind after No. 4, but would not be able to go any further, and finished the tournament in solo third place.
Scorecard.
"Final round"
"Cumulative tournament scores, relative to par"<br>
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="36733622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733622" title="Elizabeth Esty">
Elizabeth Esty

Elizabeth Henderson Esty (born August 25, 1959) is the U.S. Representative for . She is a member of the Democratic Party, having been elected on November 6, 2012. Previously she was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives, representing the 103rd Assembly District, which consisted of Cheshire and parts of Hamden and Wallingford. She also served two terms on the Cheshire Town Council.
Esty defeated two challengers in the August 14, 2012, Democratic primary to become the Democratic nominee in Connecticut's 5th congressional district, and on November 6, she defeated challenger Andrew Roraback.
Early life, education, and career.
Elizabeth Henderson was born in 1959 in Oak Park, Illinois. Her father worked as an engineer in a construction company and the family moved numerous times during her childhood. She was raised in Minnesota and graduated from Winona Senior High School. She earned an A.B. from Harvard College in 1981 and a J.D. from Yale Law School in 1985. She also studied International Relations at L'Institut d'études politiques in Paris for a year on a Rotary Scholarship. Esty volunteered for Planned Parenthood in college.
Esty has been a law clerk for a federal judge, a Supreme Court lawyer at Sidley Austin LLP in Washington, DC, and Professor at American University. She is a member of the Cheshire Public Library Board, Legal Advisor to the Connecticut League of Women Voters Consensus Project, Chair of the Board of Trustees for the First Congregational Church of Cheshire, lay member of the Committee on Ministry New Haven Association of the United Church of Christ, and a member of the Parent-Teacher Association.
Connecticut House of Representatives.
Elections.
In 2008, she challenged Republican State Representative Alfred Adinolfi of Connecticut's 103rd Assembly District. She defeated him 51%-49%. In 2010, Adinolfi challenged her in a rematch and defeated her 51%-49%.
Tenure.
She opposed Governor Jodi Rell's proposal to eliminate the state’s Office of Consumer Counsel. She cut her own pay by 10%. When aerospace manufacturer Pratt & Whitney closed its Cheshire plant in 2009, Esty was among several politicians who fought to get workers new job placements or early retirement packages. She opposes the death penalty.
U.S. House of Representatives.
2012 election.
In 2012, Democratic U.S. Congressman Chris Murphy of Connecticut's 5th congressional district decided to retire in order to run for the U.S. Senate. Esty decided to run. She was endorsed by EMILY's List. She also won the newspaper endorsements from the "New York Times", "Hartford Courant" and the "Torrington Register-Citizen". She defeated Daniel Roberti and State House Speaker Chris Donovan in the primary.
In the November 6 general election, Esty defeated State Senator Andrew Roraback to become the district's next representative. Esty won despite the opposition of New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg whose PAC channeled over a million dollars to her opponent.
Tenure.
Esty introduced the Collinsville Renewable Energy Promotion Act in February 2013 allow the town of Canton, Connecticut to take over two lapsed licenses from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) in order to refurbish two old local dams. The dams would be used to produce hydroelectric power.
In May 2013, Esty voted against repeal of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. She then subsequently voted to delay the individual and business mandates in the law by one year.
Personal life.
Elizabeth Henderson married Daniel C. Esty in 1984. Several years later, their first child, Sarah, was born while they were working in Washington, D.C. Elizabeth became a stay-at-home mother. The family moved to Connecticut in 1994 when Dan Esty started the environmental law and policy program at Yale., before accepting appointment as Commissioner of the Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection from Governor Dannel P. Malloy in March 2011 .

</doc>
<doc id="36733628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733628" title="House of Sacchetti">
House of Sacchetti

The House of Sacchetti is an Italian noble family originating in Tuscany whose earliest documented member Merlo lived during the late 10th and early 11th centuries. The name of the family is derived from one or more members known as Sacchetto. According to Ugolino di Vieri (1438–1516),"nobile Sacchetti genus est, moenia primus romanus sangius".
History.
Eugenio Gamurrini in his, "Istoria genealogica delle famiglie nobili toscane, et umbre",(1668–1685) placed the family's origin within the "gens Cornelia" one of the most distinguished families of the Roman Republic, whose first known Consul was Servius Cornelius Cossus Maluginensis, in 485 BC. According to Gamurrini the Sacchetti descend from the Cornelii Merulae. branch. The family was certainly well established in Florence during the 12th century. Dante Alighieri mentions the family in The Divine Comedy, Paradise Canto XVI in which Dante's Great-grandfather lists the ancient families of Florence, "Grand'era gia` la colonna del Vaio (Pigli), Sacchetti, Giuochi, Fifanti e Barucci e Galli e quei ch'arrossan per lo staio" (Great was already the column of minever, Sacchetti, Giuochi, Fifanti, and Barucci and Galli, and they who blush for the bushel.) Dante also recounted meeting his father’s first cousin, Geri del Bello in The Inferno, Canto XXIX:1-36. Dante placed his cousin in the ninth chasm, among the sowers of discord for the family's dispute with the Sacchetti, most likely Brodaio Sacchetti, consul in 1203. At the time of Dante's vision the feud had not been settled. The families were finally reconciled in 1342.
Branches.
According to Ugolino di Vieri the Sacchetti originated in Fiesole and were among the families forced to transfer and take up residence in Florence after Fiesole was finally conquered by Florence in 1125. One of the earliest surviving records is in the year 1137; Sacchetto and his brother Bernardino di Bonizo di Merlo contract a tower association with members of the Uberti family.(Strozziane Uguccioni, 1137 agosto 11). It was the descendants of Sacchetto that would eventually use this as a patronymic and become known as the Sacchetti. Brodaio di Sacchetto was elected to the Council of the Florentine Republic in 1197 and Consul in 1202. While Cingisallo and Albizzo di Rovinoso are listed among the Anziani for the year 1200. When Florentine society was divided between the political factions of the Guelf and the Ghibellines most members of the family sided with the Guelf party. In 1260 the Teghiaio and Giambeto Sacchetti fought in the Battle of Montaperti against the Ghibellines of Siena while Gaglia di Upizzino Sacchetti was one of the men charged with defending the "Carroccio", a wheeled altar which was the rallying point for a medieval army. The Sienese defeated the Florentines and the Sacchetti were exiled but later returned with the eventual defeat of the Sienese and the final expulsion of the Florentine Ghibellines. Despite the families support for Guelf party the Sacchetti were barred from holding public office with the promulgation of the Ordinances of Justice in 1293 and 1295. The ordinances were intended to exclude Ghibelline sympathizers and nobles with a reputation for their bellicose nature and a predilection for violence to impose their will. Eventually the family returned to the council and the highest offices of the Republic. 
The family has two main branches, one that remained in Florence up to the time of the hegemony of the Medici and relocated to Rome in the sixteenth century and the Neapolitan branch that went into the service of the Normans in southern Italy shortly after their forced transfer from Fiesole.
The Neapolitan branch descended from two brothers. Lancillotto and Avellino di Sacchetto. Lancillotto's son Cesare was Bishop of Melfi. Ottone Sacchetti was the Latin Patriarch of Antioch. Avellino received privileges from the Norman King Roger II of Sicily and created "Gran Giustiziere" of the kingdom. Later generations of this line included Gezzolino di Simone di Avellino, created Baron of Alessano in 1173 by King William the Good. Gezzolino also held the baronages of Ceglia, Campia, Cavallino, Sellino, Ginosa, Castrignano, Levarano, Maladregno, Muflafia, Oira and Squinzano. Gezzolino's son Ludovcio was married to Emilia Acciaioli who bore him three sons: Angelo, Iacopo and Alberico, who was the Praetor of Tuscolano in 1224 for the Emperor Frederick II. Pietro Antonio di Agnelo, Knight of the Golden Spur, Governor of the city of L'Aquila for King Charles II of Anjou in 1285. Giovanni Pietro was the"Gran Giustiziere" of Abruzzo in 1268. Lazzarino, the son of Pietro Antonio was appointed the Quartermaster General for Abruzzo by Charles II in 1299. Andrea Guido, nicknamed Guidotto was appointed as replacement Governor of Salerno by King Robert of Naples in 1338 due to the Governor being abset for war negotiations. Guidotto was married to Cecilia Brancacci. They had at least three sons: Carlo, Andrea and Filippo. Carlo, Baron of San Demetrio and Policastrello and his wife Isabella De Aloe contracted a marriage for his son Giromlamo to Laudomia de Tufo on the 4th of April 1412. Giromino and Laudomia de Tufo had two sons: Alfonso and Matteo. Queen Giovanna II appointed Alfonso a Governor in the province of Calabria Citra. Alfonso's son Giovanni Alfonsino was granted privileges by King Alfonso II in 1453. Pietro Antonio appointed Quartermaster of Cosenza by Ferdinand of Aragon in 1483.
The Roman is descended from Giovanni Battista Sacchetti, the son of Matteo Sacchetti b. 1485 and Nanna Carducci and Francesca Altoviti, the daughter of Alessandro Altoviti. Matteo and Francesca had nine children Matteo (died young), Bindo, Vincenzo, Clarice, Sandrina, Marcello, Giulio, Alessandro, Ottavia, Matteo and Gianfrancesco. The family transferred to Rome from Florence in the late sixteenth century after the collapse of the republic and the establishment of the Principate of the Medici.
Gianfrancesco was the Commissary General of the Papal troops in Valtellina in 1623 and 1626 and was created Marquis of Rigattini in 1632 and a Marquis of the Baldachin in 1633 giving him the rank of Prince at the papal court. The current Roman branch is descendant from Matteo and his wife Cassandra Ricasoli-Rucellai. Their son Don Giovanni Battista and Caterina Acciaioli inherited his uncle’s title and their son Matteo who married Chiara Orsini exchanged the Marquisate of Castel Rigattini for the Marquisate of Castel Romano. Their son Giulio married Maddalena Azzan. Their son Scipione became the Chief Quartermaster of the Apostolic Palaces in 1794, a title held by the family until the dissolution of the papal court in the 1970s. Scipione married Eleonora Cenci Bolognetti daughter of Girolamo Prince of Vicovaro. Their son Urbano married Beatrice Orsini, daughter of Domenico Duke of Gravina and Principe of Solofra and Maria Luisa Torlonia of the Dukes of Poli and Guadagnolo. Their younger son Luigi married Maria Colonna-Barberini, Princess and heiress of Palestrina and with a decree from the Italian state Luigi assumed his wife’s titles and assumed the surname Barberini. The eldest son of Urbano and Beatrice Orsini, Giulio married Teresa, the daughter of the Marquis Antonio Gerini and his wife Anna Maria Borghese. Their son Giovanni Battista was a Councilor to the State of the Vatican and married Matilda Lante Montefeltro della Rovere. Their son Giulio, the last Chief Quartermaster of the Vatican, married Giovannella Emo Capodilista, the daughter of the Count Alvise and Maria Henriqueta Alvares Pereira de Mello of the Dukes of Cadaval. Giulio and Giovannella had five children. The current head of the family is their son Urbano

</doc>
<doc id="36733646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733646" title="Kayagatasati Sutta">
Kayagatasati Sutta

The Kāyagatāsati Sutta (Skt. Kāyasmṛti; Mindfulness Immersed in the Body, MN 119) is a Pali Buddhist Sutta which outlines the development of mindfulness through contemplation of the body in order to reach Jhana.
Summary.
The Kayagatasati sutta stresses the need for constant awareness of the body's position, "When walking, the monk discerns, 'I am walking.' When standing, he discerns, 'I am standing.' When sitting, he discerns, 'I am sitting.' When lying down, he discerns, 'I am lying down." 
The Sutta also outlines the practice of "reflections on repulsiveness of the body" (Patikulamanasikara). In this practice a meditator reflects on various parts of the body (nails, hair, bodily organs, fluids) and noting their impurity. The Sutta also recommends meditation on the impermanence of the body and death by contemplating human corpses in various states of decomposition. "Furthermore, as if he were to see a corpse cast away in a charnel ground — one day, two days, three days dead — bloated, livid, & festering, he applies it to this very body, 'This body, too: Such is its nature, such is its future, such its unavoidable fate'".
The Sutta then explains the attainment of the first four rupa Jhanas, states of calm concentration reached through meditation. 
Finally, the Sutta outlines the ten benefits of these practices which are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36733660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733660" title="Oil mist lubrication">
Oil mist lubrication

Oil mist lubrication oils are applied to rolling element (antifriction) bearings as an oil mist. Neither oil rings nor constant level lubricators are used in pumps and drivers connected to plant-wide oil mist systems. Oil mist is an atomized amount of oil carried or suspended in a volume of pressurized dry air. The oil mist, actually a ratio of one volume of oil suspended or carried in 200,000 volumes of clean, dry air, moves in a piping system (header). The point of origin is usually a mixing valve (the oil mist generator), connected to this header. Branch lines often feed oil mist to hundreds of rolling elements in the many pumps and drivers connected to a plant-wide system. 
At standstill, or while on standby, pump and driver bearings are preserved by the surrounding oil mist, which exists in the bearing housing space at a pressure just barely higher than ambient. These pump and driver bearings are lubricated from the time when atomized oil globules join (or wet out) to become larger oil droplets. This joining-into-large-droplets starts whenever the equipment shafts rotate, which is when small globules come into contact with each other and start coating the bearing elements. 
As of April 2014 over 130,000 process centrifugal pumps are operating with oil mist as the sole bearing lubricant. The estimated number of electric motors on pure oil mist exceeds 26,000; several of these at a Texas Gulf Coast petrochemical facility have been in flawless service since 1978.
There are also plant-wide oil distribution systems whereby liquid oil (not an oil/air mixture) is pressurized and injected, through spray nozzles, into the pump bearings. These oil spray systems are not to be confused with the more economical oil mist systems. However, both oil mist and oil spray applications can take credit for lower frictional losses and both should be taken into account while performing cost justification analyses.

</doc>
<doc id="36733661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733661" title="Geng Xiaofeng">
Geng Xiaofeng

Geng Xiaofeng (; born 15 October 1987) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Chinese Super League club Shanghai Greenland on loan from Shandong Luneng.
Club career.
Geng Xiaofeng joined the Shandong Luneng youth team at the age of fourteen and would go on to join the Shandong Luneng's first team squad when the manager Ljubiša Tumbaković promoted him to act as backup for Li Leilei and then later for Yang Cheng. After several seasons at the club, he did not make an appearance for Shandong until the 2012 league season when on 30 March 2012 between Shandong and Qingdao Jonoon, Shandong's manager Henk ten Cate decided to replace Yang Cheng, who had made some mistakes in club's first two matches of the campaign with Geng whose senior debut saw him have an outstanding performance for Shandong which helped the club beat Qingdao 1–0. Geng remained as the club's first choice goalkeeper for the rest of the 2012 season and the 2013 season.
On 24 February 2014, Geng was loaned to Shanghai Greenland until the end of 2014 season. He made his debut for the club in a 2-0 win against Shanghai Shenxin on 9 March 2014.
International career.
In June 2012, Geng received his first call up for China for the international friendly against Spain and Vietnam. On 15 August 2012, he made his debut for China in a 1–1 friendly draw against Ghana, coming on as a substitute for Zeng Cheng in the 74th minute.
Honours.
Club.
Shandong Luneng

</doc>
<doc id="36733664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733664" title="Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Women's 400 metres">
Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Women's 400 metres

The Women's 400 metres competition at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico was held at the University Olympic Stadium on October 14–16.
Competition format.
The Women's 200m competition consisted of heats (Round 1), Semifinals and a Final. The four fastest competitors from each race in the heats qualified for the Semifinals. The four fastest competitors from each of the Semifinal races qualified for the final.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="36733690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733690" title="Mike Hoolboom">
Mike Hoolboom

Michael "Mike" Hoolboom (born 1 January 1959) is a Canadian independent, experimental filmmaker. Having begun filmmaking at an early age, Hoolboom released his first major work, a "film that's not quite a film" entitled "White Museum", in 1986. Although he continued to produce films, his rate of production improved drastically after he was diagnosed with HIV in 1988 or 1989; this gave a "new urgency" to his works. Since then he has made dozens of films, two of which have won Best Short Film at the Toronto International Film Festival. His films have also featured in more than 200 film festivals worldwide.
Early life and career.
Hoolboom was born in Toronto, Canada, to a Dutch father and Dutch-Indonesian mother on 1 January 1959. He took up filmmaking at an early age, using the family's Super 8 camera, and did his high school education in Burlington, Ontario.
In 1980 Hoolboom enrolled at Sheridan College in Oakville, Ontario. During his three years there he became known for his works which, according to Canadian film critic Geoff Pevere, "demonstrated a consuming interest in navigating the outer limits of perception, of language, of self, of mechanical reproduction, of bodily sensation and experience". He found wide accolade in 1986 with the release of a "film that's not quite a film", "White Museum", a 32-minute work which spliced audio clips of pop culture media and commentary on the state of film over a clear leader. Many of his films during the late 1980s, such as "From Home" (1988) and "Eat" (1989), dealt with various aspects of the body.
Hoolboom, while serving a two-year stint at the Canadian Filmmakers Distribution Centre, was diagnosed with HIV in 1989, after going to donate blood. In the six years following his diagnosis he made a further 27 films, with his focus changing to the impermanence of existence, sexuality, and HIV/AIDS. This period has been noted as having a "new urgency". He also ran a magazine on fringe films, "The Independent Eye".
In the mid-1990s Hoolboom won Best Canadian Short Film at the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF) twice, first with 1993's "Frank's Cock". The eight-minute film dealt with an unnamed man, portrayed by Callum Keith Rennie, who considered himself the "Michael Jordan of sex", losing his lover Frank to AIDS. The story was conveyed with a monologue occupying a quadrant of a four-part split-screen, with other quadrants including popular art, gay pornography, and representations of human creation. When accepting the award at TIFF, Hoolboom quipped ""Frank's Cock" has never seemed so large". That year also saw the creation of two further works: "Valentine's Day", which followed a man who splurged on making a film after being diagnosed with AIDS; and "Kanada", in which Wayne Gretzky serves as prime minister and uses broadcast rights for a civil war to pay off the Canada's debt. Robert Everett-Green of "The Globe and Mail" wrote that "Valentine's Day" was reminiscent of the works of Marquis de Sade and the 1973 French/Italian film "La Grande Bouffe".
Three years later, in 1996, Hoolboom released "Letters From Home", based in part on a speech by LGBT rights activist Vito Russo. The 15-minute film features commentary on popular misconceptions of AIDS and ways that the general public deal with AIDS patients before ending on an optimistic note, expressing hope that the AIDS crisis would one day be over. In 1998 he released the feature-length film "Panic Bodies", a six-part work dealing with aspects of the body which, according to Hoolboom, is fragmented like AIDS fragments the body. That year he also released "Plague Years: A Life in Underground Movies", a book which blends aspects of film scripts and autobiographical writing.
A four-minute film tribute to Hoolboom by Wrik Mead, entitled "Hoolboom", was sponsored by Arts Toronto and debuted in 1999. The following year Hoolboom released "Inside the Pleasure Dome: Fringe Film in Canada", a series of 23 interviews with Canadian fringe filmmakers regarding the industry, with a foreword by Atom Egoyan.
Later film work.
Hoolboom made a biopic of the New York-based "avant-garde" filmmaker Tom Chomont in 2002, which used layering to explore themes common in Chomont's work while exploring the latter's sometimes-incestuous relationship with his brother. This was followed by "Imitations of Life", a ten-segmented film which, through the reuse of film clips from mainstream media, deals with how film and popular culture can affect one's memory. He helped establish Fringe Online, which presents fringe works by Canadian directors, in 2004. Hoolboom released his debut novel, "The Steve Machine", in 2008; he had previously published several non-fiction works.
In 2009 Hoolboom received the Bell Award in Video Art, presented by the Canada Council for the Arts for "exceptional contribution to the advancement of video art and practices in Canada". That year he released the book "Practical Dreamers: Conversations with Movie Artists", which profiled 27 Canadian independent film artists, and made "Mark", a look into the life of his friend, political activist and filmmaker Mark Karbusicky, which combined the found footage and biography genres.
In 2014 an International Jury composed by Eva Truffaut, Benjamin Cantu, ricci/forte, Manuele Fior and Mathilde Bayle awarded his "Buffalo Death Mask" as best short film in the International Competition "Queer Short" of Sicilia Queer filmfest.
Reception.
Cameron Bailey, writing in the Canadian fashion magazine "Flare", described Hoolboom as "Canada's most important avant-garde filmmaker since Michael Snow"; Liam Lacey, writing for "The Globe and Mail", echoes the description, adding that Hoolboom is also "one of the best chroniclers of other fringe filmmakers". His works have been shown at numerous film festivals, over 200 by 1998.
Filmography.
Hoolboom has released over fifty films in the course of his career. However, the exact number is uncertain because he regularly "prunes and reshapes his filmography: cutting some films, merging others and completely removing others from circulation." The CBC notes that several of his films have been completely destroyed.
Bibliography.
Non-Fiction
Fiction
References.
Footnotes
Works cited

</doc>
<doc id="36733698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733698" title="Hillbilly Jedi">
Hillbilly Jedi

Hillbilly Jedi is the fourth studio album by American country music duo Big & Rich, released on September 18, 2012. It is the duo's first new studio album since "Between Raising Hell and Amazing Grace" in 2007 and their first commercial release since 2009. The album's lead-off single, "That's Why I Pray," was released on May 21, 2012 and was followed by two more singles, "Party Like Cowboyz" and "Cheat On You." "Hillbilly Jedi" received mixed reviews from critics.
Overview.
In 2008, just a year after the duo released "Between Raising Hell and Amazing Grace", John Rich announced that the duo would be going on hiatus so that Big Kenny could recuperate from an old injury. Both members released several solo cuts during this period before reuniting in mid-2011 to release the single "Fake ID" for the Footloose soundtrack and began to tour. Later that year, the duo announced plans for a new album. Shortly after the release of "That's Why I Pray," Rich went on record as saying that he felt that the song could be the biggest of the duo's career.
Alphin said that the album's title "came out in a writing session we were doing with Richie Sambora and Jon Bon Jovi the other week. They are going to record the song on our new album and a line in the song was "hillbilly jedis with attitude." All of a sudden, Bon Jovi stops and says, "Hillbilly Jedis? That’s it. I’d buy that shirt." We were like, "Hey, that’s about a descriptive as you can get of what we are."" Bon Jovi was instrumental in securing the album's title, even going so far as to call George Lucas to ask for permission once the group realized that the word "jedi" was copyrighted.
Reception.
"That's Why I Pray" debuted at number 24 on the Country charts, the highest debut achieved by a duo since the charts were first tabulated by Nielsen BDS in 1990. The album sold 17,000 copies in its first week.
Reviews for "Hillbilly Jedi" have generally been mixed. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic stated ended his review by stating ""Hillbilly Jedi" merely raises one question: weren't Big & Rich better off following their own paths?" In his review for "Slant Magazine", Jonathan Keefe mentioned that "the only thing noteworthy about the album is that George Lucas allowed Big & Rich to refer to themselves as Jedis" while Rob Burkhardt, in a similarly negative review, mentioned that the album is "just a recycling of an old schtick, a feeble attempt to revive a party everyone already went home from. And it doesn’t go over well." 
Country-focused reviewers have been much more positive. Daryl Addison, in his review for GAC, stated that "on "Hillbilly Jedi", the duo is back with a masterful set that is refreshed, renewed and re-focused. Just like they announced on their debut, it’s a celebration of music and it’s great to have them back." Echoing the tone of the former, Country Music Rocks stated that "There is something for everyone on "Hillbilly Jedi"" while Dan MacIntosh of Country Standard Time similarly stated that "This album is truly good, and that's no Jedi mind trick." Joseph Hudak was positive in his review for Country Weekly, declaring that ""Hillbilly Jedi" stands as Big & Rich’s strongest and most inspired album since "Horse of a Different Color." Entertained Yoda would be." In his modestly positive review for Roughtstock, Marc Erickson stated that "if you've never been a fan of their music, chances are you will not become one now as the Hillbilly Jedi are leading a freak parade that never was meant to be 100% wholly mainstream."

</doc>
<doc id="36733706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733706" title="The Final Frontier (Mad About You)">
The Final Frontier (Mad About You)

"The Final Frontier" is the name of the final episode of the United States' television series "Mad About You". This special double episode serves as the 21st and 22nd episode of the seventh season. It first aired on NBC on May 24, 1999, to an audience of approximately 19.8 million households in a 45 minute version.
Plot.
The finale is based as a flash forward about 22 years into the future. For the first time since she was born in the last episode of season five entitled "The Birth," the Buchmans' only daughter, Mabel, is seen beyond infancy. She becomes a film maker, like her father, and is making an autobiography about herself and her family. As it turns out, the Buchmans were not officially married at the end because the minister who married them was not ordained. Eventually they get officially "re-married" so as to have the same anniversary date.
Another course of events relates to Mabel explaining, through comedic skits, that she turned out to be who she was because she had neurotic parents. During the course of the biopic, Mabel shows how Paul and Jamie separate. However, in the end, during a showing of Mabel's film "Stabbing Bob," the rest of the family, including Debbie, Joan and Ira, conspire to have the two of them sit together. They then discover a spark between the two and get back together. At the end, Mabel gives a description of what happened to each character (including the regular supporting casts who appear for the episode) and ends with Paul and Jamie living "happily ever after."
Production.
Prior to the first airing, Helen Hunt said that the final episode would be "unique and memorable."
This episode ran for 45 minutes at its original broadcast. In the later reruns, the episode was split into two parts.
Reception.
The finale drew in 19.8 million viewers at original airing, though the "New York Daily News" reported it drew in 28 million viewers.

</doc>
<doc id="36733710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733710" title="The Remake">
The Remake

The Remake is a 2006 horror film directed by Tommy Brunswick, and written by Todd Brunswick and Dwayne Roszkowski.
Plot.
In the middle of the night, Harold Dingle, the owner of a website dedicated to slasher films who has been hired on to Perimount Production's upcoming remake of the cult classic "Slaughter Camp 13", has his throat slit by a hooded assailant.
The next day, the crew of the "Slaughter Camp 13" remake head out to the shooting location early, as a part of a bonding exercise. The group are followed by Harold's killer, who had murdered and carjacked the clerk of a store the crew stopped at. After the group reach their destination and set up, the killer spies on them, garrots Kevin with a cable when he goes off for some solitude, and impales Ron with a pipe while he is using the outhouse. By nightfall, the other crew members become worried about Kevin and Ron, so they pair off and go in search of them. After becoming separated from his search buddy Tom, Ari is hacked in the face with a machete by the killer. The next to die is Amy, who is forced to ingest cleaning chemicals when she wanders off alone to snort cocaine.
Back at the campsite, Marco and Sally Anne (who had stayed behind in case Kevin or Ron came back) are stabbed to death with a pole while having sex in their tent. Their bodies are found Seanna, Adrienne, and Peter, who cannot get any cell phone reception, or drive away because all the vehicles have been sabotaged. The trio decide to go to the camp tool shed to see if it has anything that can fix the cars, and are beaten there by Tom, who is beheaded with a shovel by the killer. Moments later, the remaining crew members arrive, with Peter gathering up supplies and heading back to the cars alone, instructing Adrienne and Seanna to stay behind and barricade themselves in the shed. When Peter returns to the vehicles and tries one after tinkering with it, he is knocked out by the killer, who was hiding in the backseat.
Seanna becomes hysterical and runs back to the campsite, where the killer ambushes her, burns her face on the gas grill, and jams kebab sticks down her throat. Adrienne goes after Seanna, and sees what looks the killer seated on a log at the campsite. She attacks the figure with an axe, only to discover that it was a bound and gagged Peter. The blood splattered killer then appears and beheads Adrienne. Afterward, he turns to a hidden camera and proclaims, "No more fucking remakes!" The killer sends the tape to Steve Lehman, a Perimount Pictures executive, who calls the studio and orders that production of "Slaughter Camp 13" be halted.
Twenty-eight days later, the killer reads an announcement on the internet that another classic slasher, "The Babysitter Murders", is being remade. Enraged, the killer opens a trunk full of horror film memorabilia, grabs replicas of Michael Myers's mask and knife, and heads out.
Reception.
Horror Movie Fans gave the film a B+, and said "The Remake" "is very flawed through laughable acting and characters we can't care about, but it remains to be fun and has a spirit for creative works, calling for the rejection of remakes, unoriginal work, and making films for the money rather than for the craft, and encourages the love of making them and exerting a message and meaning". A score of three stars out of five was awarded by Slasherpool, which stated "The Remake" is "a relatively well-crafted slasher flick" that despite its basic premise was worth a watch because "it takes a stand against horror remakes and I am very appreciative that someone took the time to make a movie like this".
Wildside Cinema found "The Remake" mildly entertaining, even if it did "serve up a few tired clichés as well as giving in to some of the very stereotypes this film was attempting to dispel (i.e. horror is all about T&A)".

</doc>
<doc id="36733718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733718" title="Minister for the Abduction Issue">
Minister for the Abduction Issue

The , is the Cabinet of Japan member in charge of the issue of North Korean abductions of Japanese citizens. 
The minister is responsible for the .
On October 24 2012, Osamu Fujimura was appointed as Minister, succeeding Keishu Tanaka. Prime Minister of Japan and his cabinet. He is the eighth Minister since the Democratic Party of Japan came to power in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36733720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733720" title="A Year in the Wild">
A Year in the Wild

A Year in the Wild is a 2012 British nature documentary series about the country's national parks. Produced by the BBC, the series is narrated by actress Hermione Norris. It consists of three episodes, each an hour long. The first episode, "Snowdonia", premiered on 27 July 2012 and features Snowdonia National Park. Snowdonia is located in Wales, and is known for its hills and extinct volcanoes. The second episode, "The New Forest", premiered on 3 August 2012. The episode explores the fauna of the New Forest National Park. The Park, located in southern England, was established in 2005 and is one of the country's newest national parks. The final episode of the series, "Cairngorms", premiered on 10 August 2012. The Cairngorms National Park covers the Cairngorms mountain range in Scotland, and is Britain's largest national park, with an area of 4,528 km2. All three episodes describe the wildlife of each park, the ecosystem, and the people who live near, work, or frequent the parks.
Reception.
The premiere of the first episode attracted 484,000 viewers. Sam Wollaston of "The Guardian" called the first episode "absolutely lovely, the place, the film, everything", but questioned the logic of premiering the series during the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. A review of the second episode by David Stubbs was also positive, praising the episode as a "beautiful documentary." Ben Arnold, in a review of the third episode, called it "quite awesome", commenting that the episode was "augmented with some fabulously sharp photography". Before the series aired, an article in the "Guardian" suggested it as one of many shows to watch instead of the Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36733739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733739" title="Oxford Casino">
Oxford Casino

The Oxford Casino is a casino in Oxford, Maine, owned and operated by Churchill Downs Incorporated. It has 848 slot machines and 22 table games.
The casino was approved by voters in a statewide referendum in 2010, and opened on June 5, 2012. An expansion opened in September 2012. Early in its development, the project was called the Black Bear Four Season Resort and Casino.
In March 2013, Black Bear agreed to sell the casino to Churchill Downs Incorporated for $160 million. Churchill Downs Incorporated completed the acquisition in July 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="36733750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733750" title="Ferdinand N. Shurtleff">
Ferdinand N. Shurtleff

Ferdinand N. Shurtleff (April 4, 1837 - April 6, 1903) was a Member of the Board of General Appraisers.
Biography.
Shurtleff was born April 4, 1837, in Hartland, New York. He entered private practice in Portland, Oregon. He served as commissary for the Grande Ronde Indian Reservation in Oregon from 1864 to 1869. He served as deputy collector of customs and customs collector in Portland from 1870 to 1880. He served as Superior Officer for the collector of customs in Portland from 1880 to 1890.
Federal Judicial Service.
On July 17, 1890, President Harrison nominated Shurtleff to serve as a Member of the newly created Board of General Appraisers. He was confirmed by the Senate on July 18, 1890 and received his commission on July 22, 1890. He served on the board until he was removed from office by President McKinley on May 12, 1899. He was succeeded on the board by Judge Israel F. Fischer.
Circumstances of his removal from office.
In early 1899, Shurtleff received a request from the Treasury Department to resign from the Board, but declined to do so. It is believed partisan political pressure was behind the request. On May 3, 1899, President McKinley wrote Shurtleff, informing him that he was being removed from office, effective upon the appointment and qualification of his successor, which occurred on May 12, 1899. McKinley gave no cause for Shurtleff's removal and Shurtleff was not given the opportunity to defend himself before a commission. Shurtleff challenged his dismissal as unlawful in the Court of Claims which ruled against him, upon which he appealed to the United States Supreme Court. In the case "Shurtleff vs. United States" the Supreme Court ruled that barring a specific prohibition in the statute creating an office, the President of the United States may remove any officer without cause, thus denying Shurtleff's petition.
Death.
Shurtleff died on April 6, 1903, in Portland, Oregon, ironically on the very day on which "Shurtleff vs. United States" was decided by the Supreme Court.

</doc>
<doc id="36733766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733766" title="The Scent">
The Scent

The Scent (; lit. "Man Who Waits for Adultery"; also shortened to ) is a 2012 South Korean comedy-thriller film starring Park Hee-soon and Park Si-yeon.
Kang Seon-woo is a detective specializing in adultery cases. One day, he investigates the scene of an incident only to find two dead bodies. The only witness is Kim Soo-jin, the dead man's wife. Seon-woo inadvertently become a primary suspect and struggles to prove his innocence.
Plot.
For the past two years, while on suspension for adultery with a police chief's wife, detective Kang Seon-woo (Park Hee-soon), has been running a private-eye agency specializing in adultery cases. He's also being sued for divorce by his wife, Hye-young (Cha Soo-yeon). A couple of days before resuming his old job, Seon-u accepts a case from a woman, Kim Soo-jin (Yoon Jae), who wears a particularly alluring perfume. She says her husband, casino billionaire Nam Yeong-gil (Jo Won-hee), is conducting an affair with another woman at a love hotel in Gapyeong, Gyeonggi Province, outside Seoul. Seon-woo checks into an adjoining room in the unmanned hotel and is met there by Soo-jin. Instead of immediately surprising the lovers, Soo-jin invites Seon-woo to a drink and seduces him. Seon-woo wakes up next to her dead body, and in the next room finds the husband also dead. The woman there says her name is also Kim Soo-jin (Park Si-yeon) and the dead man is her husband. Along with his idiot assistant, ex-con Gi-poong (Lee Kwang-soo), Seon-woo cleans the crime scenes and buries the bodies, realizing he's been framed for the double murder. Resuming his job at Jonggu Police Station, Seon-woo investigates the case along with two colleagues: the stubbornly procedural Seo (Kim Jung-tae), who dislikes him, and the easy-going Han Gil-ro (Joo Sang-wook), who admires him. Seon-woo has noticed that Soo-jin wears the same perfume as her dead namesake, and she admits she wanted a divorce from her husband, who used to beat her. Seon-woo questions the dead Soo-jin's boyfriend, gym trainer Lee Jin-guk (Kim Yun-seong), but the trail leads nowhere. As the terrier-like Seo comes up with more evidence that could eventually implicate Seon-woo in the murders, Seon-woo finds himself falling hard for Soo-jin and on a deadline to solve the mystery.
Box Office.
Despite somewhat negative reception from film critics, the film performed strongly at the box office. In total the film sold 1,246,185 admissions nationwide, with the success of the film largely attributed to Park Si-yeon's numerous nude scenes.

</doc>
<doc id="36733774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733774" title="Dog Blood">
Dog Blood

Dog Blood is a side project formed in 2012 by Skrillex & Boys Noize. Their debut single, "Next Order / Middle Finger", was released on August 12, 2012 on Beatport and iTunes. The song "Next Order" managed to reach #1 on Beatport's Techno chart.
On the 9th of November, Dog Blood announced they were working on new material. Skrillex premiered a new Dog Blood track on an exclusive OWSLA live stream to members of The Nest on the 21 of December 2012. On the 16th of September they released their second EP, which consists of the tracks 'Shred or Die (Kill Em With The Beat)', 'Middle Finger Pt. 2' and 'Chella Ride'. The EP is composed of a further two remixes of "Middle Finger" by The M Machine & Millions Like Us. The song "Chella Ride" peaked at #1 on the Beatport Breaks chart.
On the 17th of March, Dog Blood performed live at Ultra Music Festival 2013 and debuted new material, including a remix of ASAP Rocky's "Wild For The Night". Dog Blood debuted their 'Wild For The Night" remix along with three new songs. Information was released of an eight track remix package of their debut single Next Order/Middle Finger set to be released in late August, as well as a 5 track standard release coming out via The Nest subscription. Dog Blood performed at the Las Vegas Electric Daisy Carnival and Glastonbury Festival in Pilton, Somerset in June 2013. They also played a show on July 14th for the RBC Ottawa Bluesfest and made their Hard Summer debut on Saturday, August 3rd. On Skrillex's BBC Essential Mix 15/6/13, Skrillex premiered the new tracks "Dog Blood - Chella Ride", "A$AP Rocky - Wild For The Night (Dog Blood Remix)", and "Josh Wink - Higher State of Consciousness (Dog Blood Edit)".

</doc>
<doc id="36733779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733779" title="Vesna Čipčić">
Vesna Čipčić

Vesna Čipčić (born March 23, 1954 in Belgrade, Serbia), is a Serbian actress. She is the mother of actress Aleksandra (Anja) Alač.

</doc>
<doc id="36733811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733811" title="Gaius Domitius Dexter">
Gaius Domitius Dexter

Gaius Domitius Dexter (fl. 2nd century) was a Roman senator who was appointed consul twice, firstly as suffect consul prior to AD 183, and secondly as ordinary consul in AD 196.
Biography.
Domitius Dexter’s origins are unknown. A member of the Senate, he was appointed "consul suffectus" sometime prior to AD 183, most probably during the last years of the reign of Marcus Aurelius. From 183 to 185, he was the Proconsular imperial legate (governor) of Syria Palaestina. It has been speculated that during this time he enjoyed a cordial relationship with the future emperor Septimius Severus, who was posted as the legate of the Legio IV Scythica during his time as governor.
Domitius Dexter was a key supporter of Severus’ bid for the imperial title after the murder of Pertinax. In gratitude for his support, Severus appointed Domitius Dexter as "Praefectus urbi" of Rome in June 193. He held the post during an extended period when Severus was absent from Rome, having gone to the east to deal with his rival Pescennius Niger, reflecting the emperor’s trust in his subordinate. He was still in the office when he was elected "consul prior" alongside Lucius Valerius Messalla Thrasea Priscus in AD 196.

</doc>
<doc id="36733818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733818" title="Louisiana State Route 61">
Louisiana State Route 61

Louisiana State Route 61 (LA 61) was one of the 98 original state highways that were established in 1924. It ran in a south to north direction for , spanning from Chalmette to an intersection with LA 2 just east of New Orleans. It was designated in the post-1955 system as Louisiana Highway 47.
Route description.
Beginning on Route No. 1 at Versailles, through Bayou Bienvenue to Route No. 2 at the Gentilly Road. - 1924 Louisiana Legislative Route Description
From the south, LA 61 began at an intersection with LA 1, known as the River Road, just shy of the town of Chalmette. LA 61 continued north into Orleans Parish, crossing an older alignment of LA 2 (known as LA 1092) before terminating at an intersection with LA 2, known as the Gentilly Road. LA 61 simply served as a bypass of New Orleans, allowing Chalmette residents to continue to Mississippi without entering New Orleans itself.

</doc>
<doc id="36733825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733825" title="Don't Click">
Don't Click

"Don't Click" () is a 2012 South Korean horror film about a "forbidden video" that curses people to death. 
The film was originally slated to be released during the summer of 2011, but because of lack of screens available, it was then pushed back to the autumn/winter season. Distributor Showbox/Mediaplex then decided to push the movie's release to the summer of 2012, believing horror films generally do better business during that season.

</doc>
<doc id="36733846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733846" title="Randy (album)">
Randy (album)

Randy (subtitled Băp!! Beep Boo-Bee Băp Beep-M-Boo Bee Băp!) is an album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1963 and originally released on Weston's own label, Bakton. The album was later reissued in 1972 on the Atlantic label under the title African Cookbook. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars, stating: "When this set was recorded in 1964, pianist Randy Weston had no luck interesting any label to release the music, so he came out with it independently on his tiny Bakton company... It is surprising that no company in the mid-1960s signed Weston up because "Willie's Tune" from the set had the potential to catch on, "Berkshire Blues" is somewhat known and the mixture of accessible bop with African rhythms overall is appealing... An excellent outing."
Track listing.
"All compositions by Randy Weston except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36733858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733858" title="Data Kakus">
Data Kakus

Data Kakus (a.k.a Apau Data) is a remote Kenyah Badeng village settlement in the hilly interior of the Ulu Kakus Tatau division of Sarawak, Malaysia elevates to 650 metres, not far from Tubau and Belaga district. To be exact, Data Kakus is located at the upstream of Sungai Buruk and Sungai Nyabet. The highest peak in ulu Kakus is called Gunung Lumut about 828m located on the peak of Lumut Range not too far from sungai Bekuyat and sungai Kakus.
Travel to Data Kakus involves a five hours 4WD drive from Bintulu or Belaga, to get to Data Kakus you have to take the Bintulu-Bakun road and look for the junction to KTS camp from KTS camp to Simpang Jonat it takes about 60 km using the logging road and from simpang Jonat it takes another 18 km to reach Data Kakus. or it is possible to trek Data Kakus from Belaga and it takes five to seven hours trekking from Long Sungai Pelaran (Sg. Sanan baan Kenyah), Sungai Ngajah from Rajang river then conquer Gunung Ngajah about 444m. The Kakus River or Batang Tatau begins as a stream near Data Kakus called Alo Nyabet or e-iut Nyabet or Sungai Buruk, and it flows through Data Kakus, the end point where small boats such as 'moto setinding' can navigate. It is also possible to travel downriver from Data Kakus by longboat to Tatau town,it takes almost a day to get to Tatau town by boat as the river is too shallow, winding and small.
Neighbouring settlements include:
Rice production.
This is the main activity for most of the Kenyah people in Data Kakus, where most of the communities grow the paddy hill at a few areas such as Sungai Padai, Lalut Deram, Ulu Sungai Buruk, Long Ledong, Long Basuruo, Usun Uma', Iut Nyabet, Sungai Kakus, Abak Uma', Diam Songan and Nyulau. The traditional paddy planting is started in early August and a few months before that we are clearing the land by burning the whole paddy field area.
Planting paddy hill takes place each year in August and September (nugan), and harvesting starts in February the following year.
References.
Adat Kenyah Badeng ref:
http://rensraul.blogspot.com/search/label/Kenyah%20Badeng

</doc>
<doc id="36733875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733875" title="Matt Stieger">
Matt Stieger

Matthew Stieger (born 14 February 1991) is an Australian professional golfer. 
Stieger won the Australian Amateur in 2011. He also won the Tasmanian Open in 2011.
Stieger turned professional in late 2012 and won the 2012 New South Wales PGA Championship on the PGA Tour of Australasia.
Team appearances.
Amateur

</doc>
<doc id="36733892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733892" title="Sri Lakshmi Narasimha Productions">
Sri Lakshmi Narasimha Productions

Lakshmi Narasimha Productions (Telugu: లక్ష్మీనరసింహా ప్రొడక్షన్స్ ) is an Indian film production company.

</doc>
<doc id="36733895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733895" title="2013 New Zealand rugby league season">
2013 New Zealand rugby league season

The 2013 New Zealand rugby league season was the 106th season of rugby league that had been played in New Zealand. The main feature of the year was the National Competition run by the New Zealand Rugby League. The competition was won by the Akarana Falcons, who defeated the Counties Manukau Stingrays 22-12 in the final.
The New Zealand national rugby league team competed in the 2013 ANZAC Test in addition to the end of year World Cup.
International competitions.
The New Zealand Kiwis played the annual ANZAC Test against Australia at Canberra Stadium on 19 April, losing 12-32. The squad was Josh Hoffman, Sam Perrett, Shaun Kenny-Dowall, Dean Whare, Jason Nightingale, Kieran Foran (c), Shaun Johnson, Jesse Bromwich, Issac Luke, Jared Waerea-Hargreaves, Frank Pritchard, Kevin Proctor, Alex Glenn, Bench: Elijah Taylor, Sam McKendry, Ben Matulino, Tohu Harris. Captain Simon Mannering was ruled out on the day of the test, with Glenn replacing him in the starting side and Harris joining the bench. Roger Tuivasa-Sheck was the reserve.
At the end of the year the Kiwis participated in the 2013 World Cup, where they made it to the grand final and lost to Australia 34-2. The tournament was hosted in England, Wales, France and Ireland. The Kiwis played a warm up game against the Cook Islands side, winning 50-0. The match was not an official test match and featured a six man bench and an unlimited interchange. 
The Junior Kiwis lost 26-38 to the Junior Kangaroos at WIN Jubilee Oval on 13 October 2013. The side was coached by and included Kurtis Rowe, Dallin Watene-Zelezniak, Jeremy Hawkins, Ngani Laumape, David Fusitua, Tuimoala Lolohea, Mason Lino, Albert Vete, Manaia Cherrington, James Taylor, Raymond Faitala-Mariner, Joseph Tapine, David Bhana (c). Interchange: Mitch Clark, David Minute, Zach Docker-Clay, Takai Moeakiola.
The NZRL's player of the year was Kieran Foran.
National competitions.
Rugby League Cup.
Auckland are the current holders of the Rugby League Cup but did not defend the trophy during the season.
National Competition.
2013 was the fourth year of the National Competition.
Season standings.
Source:
Australian competitions.
The New Zealand Warriors spent their 19th first grade season in the Australian competition, playing in the National Rugby League.
The Junior Warriors again competed in the Holden Cup, while the Auckland Vulcans competed in the NSW Cup.
Club competitions.
Auckland.
The Auckland Rugby League competition began on 30 March and ended on 18 August when the Point Chevalier Pirates defeated the Mount Albert Lions 24-22 in the grand final. The Sharman Cup was won by the Richmond Rovers who defeated the Otara Scorpions 18-14 and the Mount Wellington Warriors defeated the Glenfield Greyhounds 39-10 to win the Phelan Shield.
Zebastian Luisi was named the player of the year, Point Chevalier's Matiu Love-Henry was the rookie of the year, Mount Albert's James Blackwell was the competitions top try-scorer and Mount Albert's Cody Walker won the Lance Painter Rose Bowl as top goal scorer.
Wellington.
The University Hunters defeated the Randwick Kingfishers 22-10 to win the Wellington Rugby League competition.
Canterbury.
The Hornby Panthers won the Canterbury Rugby League grand final with a 22-20 win in overtime over Halswell. It was the first game of rugby league to be played at Christchurch's Rugby Park.
Addington, Sydenham and Linwood all celebrated their centenaries during the season.

</doc>
<doc id="36733948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733948" title="John McHale">
John McHale

John McHale may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36733952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733952" title="Paulette Noizeux">
Paulette Noizeux

Paulette Noizeux (30 May 1887 – 9 April 1971) was a French stage and film actress who began her career on the stages of France and New York in the 1910s. Her career spanned sixty years.
Born Marie-Paule Coeuré in Saint-Omer, Pas-de-Calais, France, Paulette Noizeux made her film debut in the 1911 Abel Gance-directed film short "La Digue", opposite actors Jean Renoir and Jean Toulout. The film is notable for being Gance's directoral debut. She would go on to have a prolific stage career in her native France, as well as appearing on Broadway in several plays from 1917 to 1918. 
Noizeux was married to stage and screen actor Noël Roquevert. Her last film appearance was a small part in the 1968 Norbert Terry-directed Swiss/French joint film production "Jeunes filles bien... pour tous rapports" (English release title: "The Sexy Dozen"), in which her husband also appeared.
Paulette Noizeux died in Paris in 1971 at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="36733969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733969" title="Louisiana State Route 8">
Louisiana State Route 8

Louisiana State Route 8 (LA 8) was one of the 98 original state highways that were established in 1924. It ran in a south to north direction for , spanning from Shreveport through Oil City to turn into TX 77 at the state line. It was designated in the post-1955 system as Louisiana Highway 1.
Route description.
Beginning at Arkansas state line near Rodessa through Mooringsport, Blanchard, to Shreveport. - 1924 Louisiana Legislative Route Description
From the south, LA 8 began at an intersection with LA 55, running northwest to small communities such as Blanchard and Oil City, eventually terminating at the northwestern corner of Caddo Parish, turning into TX 77. LA 8 passed through small communities, but encountered no major cities.

</doc>
<doc id="36733978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36733978" title="Hoopes Reservoir">
Hoopes Reservoir

Hoopes Reservoir is a reservoir in New Castle County, Delaware.
The reservoir first impounded the water of Old Mill Stream and Red Clay Creek in 1932, with a dam built by the city of Wilmington, Delaware, for municipal drinking water. It has a water surface of 187 acres, a maximum capacity of 11,000 acre-feet, and a normal capacity of 6300 acre-feet. The reservoir and its surroundings have been closed to the public since 1971, except for one day every year when members of the Delaware Nature Society are permitted a tour. It is the largest reservoir in Delaware.
The dam, Edgar M. Hoopes Dam (National ID # DE00015), is a concrete gravity dam originally built in 1932 and restructured several times since. It is 135 feet high and 845 feet in length at the crest. Its namesake, Edgar M. Hoopes, was Chief Engineer of the Wilmington Water Department from 1913 through 1918, according to a plaque on site.

</doc>
<doc id="36734000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734000" title="Thaddeus S. Sharretts">
Thaddeus S. Sharretts

Thaddeus Stevens Sharretts (November 11, 1850 - February 26, 1926) was a Member of the Board of General Appraisers.
Biography.
Sharretts was born on November 11, 1850, in Montgomery County, Maryland. He attended Columbian University in 1874. He worked as a grocer in Baltimore. He served as a United States Appraiser for the Port of Baltimore from 1886 to 1890. He served as United States High Commissioner to China from 1901 to 1902.
Federal Judicial Service.
On July 30, 1890, President Harrison nominated Sharretts to serve as a Member of the newly created Board of General Appraisers. He was confirmed by the Senate on July 30, 1890 and received his commission the same day. He served on the board until he was removed from office by President Taft on March 3, 1913. He was succeeded on the board by Judge Jerry Bartholomew Sullivan.
Circumstances of his removal from office.
Sharretts' removal from office followed an investigation by a commission appointed for the purpose and consisting of Assistant Attorney General Winfred T. Dennison, Collector of the Port of New York William Loeb and law officer of the Bureau of Insular Affairs Felix Frankfurter future Supreme Court Justice. Sharretts had been accused of seeking preferential treatment from the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad in return for steering freight shipments to the railroad. The commission determined on February 13, 1913 that while Sharretts did not commit an illegal act, his behavior undermined the high judicial standards expected of his office. On March 3, 1913, President Taft upheld the commission's decision and removed Sharretts from office.
Death.
Sharretts died on February 26, 1926, in Baltimore, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="36734007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734007" title="The Rej3ctz">
The Rej3ctz

The Rej3ctz is an American hip-hop and electronic music group that originated from California's party scene, and rose to prominence in late 2010 with their single "Cat Daddy", and its eponymous dance, which became a viral phenomenon, reaching more than 70 million views on YouTube.
History.
The group hit the music scene in 2008 with their underground hit "Rej3ct Stomp", and later with a dance called "Rej3ct". Their second record, "I'm Fitted", sampled Kris Kross song "Jump", which reached No.1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1992. The viral video for the song, which the group stated "showcased their eccentric style, comedy and individual characters", have reached over 200,000 hits on YouTube. The group made their television debut on BET's "106 & Park" 10th Anniversary Special alongside Chris Brown. They have also appeared on "The Mo'Nique Show".
Cat Daddy.
The group rose to prominence in late 2010 when they released the single "Cat Daddy". The music video for the song, which promoted the dance of the same name, featured American artist Chris Brown. The song became a viral phenomenon, with the video reaching over 70 million views on YouTube, and the single charting at No.97 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It also appeared at No.77 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. According to Thomas Clayton of "The Daily Rind", the song had 14,000 downloads on iTunes in its first week and the video had 9 million pageviews at the time.
Kate Upton, who in February 2012 was the cover model for the "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue", recorded a video of the Dougie that went viral and garnered over 5 million hits in April 2011. She announced her intention to release a video performance of the Cat Daddy when she served as Grand Marshall for the 2012 Daytona 500. The video of Upton dancing on a break between photo shots was posted online on April 30. After garnering close to 1 million hits in the first 24 hours, YouTube banned her version of the dance from their site for being too risqué, but it was restored later with an age restriction.

</doc>
<doc id="36734009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734009" title="Nexity">
Nexity

Nexity is a French company that focuses on real estate development and the provision of related services.
History.
Beginnings: the Arnault family.
In 1971, Bernard Arnault started to worked in his family business, the industrial and public works construction company Ferret-Savinel. There he began to develop real estate activities. In 1974, he convinced his father, then CEO, to change the focus of the company, sell the division of industrial construction to Quillery and use the money to enter fully into the business of real estate. Following that sale, Ferret-Savinel changed its name, becoming Ferinel, and, focused on the real estate market, began increasing its portfolio. In the 80's, the company continued to grow, being one of the largest companies in the Paris property sector and serving as a springboard for Arnauld's future endeavors, particularly with its acquisition of the textile company Groupe Boussac in 1984. In 1988, following this success, the headquarters were transferred from Roubaix to Paris and the real estate branch was renamed George V Group.
CGE steps up.
The "Compagnie Générale des Eaux (CGE)" was established in the mid-19th century in order to provide water supply services to France's industrial cities. For the early 20th century, CGE was already one of France's largest private companies.
Through the first half of the century, CGE remained focused on its core water utilities operations. In the 1960s, however, CGE launched a new diversification strategy that led it into a variety of new markets over the next two decades, including the construction and real estate sales and development sectors. In 1979, the company increased this activity with the acquisition of Maison Phenix, a leading real state company. In 1988, CGE made another important purchase, obtaining the construction company Société Générale d'Entreprise (the future Vinci). In the 90s, during the French real estate crisis, CGE gathered all its residential real estate and development activities in a new subsidiary, called MI SA, which soon begun to be the leader of the French housing market. 
In 1995, CGE bought the George V real estate division from Groupe Arnault.
CGE restructure: CGIS era.
CGE became a giant company, with a wide range of activities (construction, telecommunications, pay television, facilities management, the operation of amusement parks, and others), but the incompatibity between its real estate and construction components led it into a crisis in the mid-90's. CGE was restructured and the construction sector was formed into a separate company, Vinci. In 1996, the real estate branch was also reorganised into a sole subsidiary, Compagnie Générale d'Immobilier et de Services (CGIS). The lack of coordination between different areas, however, continued. CGIS had to sell many assets to stay afloat and CGE finally decided to separate from the real estate area, adopt the name Vivendi, and refocus itself as a media and communications firm. CGIS and MI were apart soon after.
European expansion and refocus: Nexity era.
As a new independent company, CGIS difficulties continued. It sold its hotels to Accor and Pierre & Vacances and a number of its La Défense buildings to Unibail. In 2000 CGIS was sold in a management buyout backed by CDC Ixis Capital, LBO France, and Lehman Brothers, changing its name to Nexity. In 2001, was created the Spanish subsidiary (even though operations there were made with French property since the 90's), as well as the Portuguese. In 2002, was established Nexity Belgium. In 2003, Nexity separate itself from its engineering services branch, Cotebo, in order to focus on property services and development. In January 2004, it strengthened its relatively weak real estate services sector with the purchase of Saggel.
In July 2007, the Nexity shareholders approved the issuance of 19997501 shares, representing a 38.2 percent stake, for the Caisse Nationale des Caisses d'Epargne et de Prévoyance (CNCE), through the Groupe Caisse d'Epargne (GCE), in exchange of a 25 percent of Crédit Foncier de France, 31.9 percent of Eurosic and 100 percent of CGE Immobilier services division, including Lamy. Later, CNCE (currently Groupe BPCE) expanded its stake to 41.4 percent. 
In January 2009, Nexity sold its stake in Crédit Foncier to CNCE by 540 million euros.
Activity.
Nexity operates as a real estate development company in Europe. Its working areas include residential properties, office buildings, offices, business parks, warehouses, distribution centers, office facilities, and hotels. The company also provides residential and commercial real estate, asset management, and property investment services. This is carried out through several divisions.
Divisions.
Nexity Enterprises.
This division specialises in the development and renovation of skyscrapers and similar structures.
Geprim.
Geprim centers on the development of warehouses, distribution centers and mixed-use units.
Nexity Services.
Nexity Services provides services during every stage of a project design, purchase, daily management, renovation and sale.

</doc>
<doc id="36734023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734023" title="The Wine of Summer">
The Wine of Summer

The Wine of Summer is a 2013 romantic drama film written, directed and produced by Maria Matteoli, starring Elsa Pataky, Sonia Braga, Ethan Peck, Najwa Nimri, Bob Wells and Marcia Gay Harden.
Plot.
James (Peck), at the age of 27 quits his law career in pursuit of his childhood dream of becoming an actor. While studying acting under the tutelage of Shelley (Harden), he becomes engrossed in Carlo Lucchesi's play, Tinto de Verano, which is set in Spain. James’ girlfriend Brit (Chow) leaves him, and he spontaneously flies to Spain, where he encounters the playwright Lucchesi (Wells) at a bookstore in Barcelona. Lucchesi is in a relationship with a much younger woman, Veronica (Pataky), but still nurtures an old love for his long lost muse, Eliza (Braga), a novelist, who happens to be visiting her son, Nico (Talvola) a trumpet player who also lives in Barcelona. In the golden backdrop of Spain, these characters find their fates intertwined.
Production.
Filming.
Filming started in October 2011 and was shot on location in Barcelona, Spain and Eureka, California.
Release.
The film was shown at the 2013 Douro Film Harvest in Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="36734088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734088" title="Here be dragons (disambiguation)">
Here be dragons (disambiguation)

Here be dragons is a phrase used on geographical maps.
Here be dragons may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36734101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734101" title="Magomed Musaev">
Magomed Musaev

Magomed Musaev (born 11 March 1989 in Makhachkala) is a Kyrgyzstani freestyle wrestler. He competed in the freestyle 96 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics; after defeating Serhat Balci in the qualifications and Takao Isokawa in the 1/8 finals, he was eliminated by Reza Yazdani in the quarterfinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36734103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734103" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres

The Men's 200m athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from August 31 to September 8. A total of 13 events were contested over this distance for 13 different classifications.
Results.
T11.
Final
T12.
Final
T13.
Final
T34.
Final
T35.
Final
T36.
There were no heats in this event. The final was competed on 6 September 2012 at 19:08.
Final
T37.
The T37 category is for ambulant athletes with cerebral palsy. These athletes have movement and coordination problems on one half of their body. They have good ability in their dominant side of their body (i.e. hemiplegia).
Final
T38.
The T38 category is for ambulant athletes with cerebral palsy. T38 athletes have the mildest form of impairment caused by cerebral palsy, often in only one limb, and not affecting the ability to run, walk or jump freely, although impairing performance. T38 athletes may suffer minor co-ordination difficulties.
Final
T42.
There were no heats in this event. The final was competed on 1 September 2012 at 11:23.
Final
T44.
Final
T46.
Final
T52.
Final
T53.
Final

</doc>
<doc id="36734120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734120" title="River City Extension">
River City Extension

River City Extension is an American indie rock band based in Toms River, New Jersey. The band released their debut EP, "Nautical Sabbatical" in 2009. Following the release of a full-length album, "The Unmistakable Man" in 2010, the band was picked up by New Jersey independent record label XOXO Records.
Background.
In 2007, prior to the formation of River City Extension, Joe Michelini had already established a local reputation as a solo act when he decided to assemble a small acoustic combo. It soon expanded to its current eight-member lineup.
Reception.
"The Unmistakable Man" earned the band positive reviews from "Paste magazine" and NPR.
Festivals and tours.
In 2011, the band toured heavily in support of "The Unmistakable Man", becoming the first artist ever to perform at both the "Newport Folk Festival" and the "Warped Tour". They additionally performed at the "Bonnaroo Music Festival", "Austin City Limits", "B.O.M.B. Fest", "South by Southwest", and "The Bamboozle". They also toured in support of Brand New, The Get Up Kids, Steel Train, Max Bemis (of Say Anything), Kevin Devine, Alkaline Trio, The Apache Relay and The Avett Brothers. In conjunction with their tour supporting Kevin Devine, the band and Devine released a collaborative split 7" vinyl EP, including two new River City Extension songs, "Ballad of Oregon" and "Point of Surrender".
In October 2011, it was announced that River City Extension planned to record its second full-length album with producer Brian Deck that fall. The album, "Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Your Anger" was released June 5, 2012. The title paraphrases a quote from the Bible verse found at Ephesians 4:26, which speaks to believer's about righteous indignation or anger. "In your anger do not sin: Do not let the sun go down while you are still angry." (New International Version) Michelini's mother would often recite this verse when he was a child. The band supported the album with a five-week US tour, co-headlining with The Drowning Men. They continued touring through the summer, including stints supporting Blind Pilot and Manchester Orchestra. 
In June 2012, it was announced that the band would perform at the October 2012 "Austin City Limits Music Festival".

</doc>
<doc id="36734126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734126" title="Yizhoushu">
Yizhoushu

The Yizhoushu () is a compendium of Chinese historical documents about the Western Zhou period (1046–771 BCE). Its textual history began with a (4th century BCE) text/compendium known as the "Zhoushu" ("Book of Zhou"), which was possibly not differentiated from the corpus of the same name in the extant Book of Documents. Western Han dynasty (206-9 BCE) editors listed 70 chapters of YZS, of which 59 are extant as texts, and the rest only as chapter titles. Such condition is described for the first time by Wang Shihan 王士漢 in 1669. Circulation ways of the individual chapters before that point (merging of different texts or single text's editions, substitution, addition, conflation with commentaries etc.) are subject to scholarly debates (see below).
Traditional Chinese historiography classified the "Yizhoushu" as a "zashi" 雜史 "unofficial history" and excluded it from the canonical dynastic "Twenty-Four Histories".
Titles.
This early Chinese historical text has four titles: "Zhou zhi", "Zhou shu" "Documents/Book of Zhou", "Yi Zhoushu" "Lost/Leftover Documents/Book of Zhou", and "Jizhong Zhou shu" "Ji Tomb Documents/Book of Zhou".
Zhou zhi 周志 appears once throughout the transmitted texts: in the Zuo zhuan (Duke Wen, 2 - 625 BC), along the quote presently found in YZS. The reference is valuable since it differentiates YZS from the corpus of other documents "shu" and possibly refers to its educational function.
Zhoushu (or Zhou shu) – combining "Zhou" 周 "Zhou dynasty" and "shu" 書 "writing; document; book; letter" – is the earliest record of the present title. Depending upon the semantic interpretation of "shu", "Zhoushu" can be translated "Book(s) of Zhou" (cf. "Hanshu" 漢書 "Book of Han") or "Documents of Zhou" (cf. "Shujing" 書經 "Book of Documents"). In Modern Standard Chinese usage, "Zhoushu" is the title of the "Book of Zhou" history about the later Northern Zhou dynasty (557-581).
Yizhoushu (or Yi Zhou shu) adds "yi" 逸 "escape; flee; neglect; missing; lost; remain" to the title, which scholars interpret in two ways. Either "Lost Book(s) of Zhou", with a literal translation of "yi" as "lost" (cf. "yishu" 逸書 "lost books; ancient works no longer in existence"). Or "Remaining Book(s) of Zhou", with a reading of "yi" as "remnant; leftover" (cf. "yijing" 逸經 "classical texts not included in the orthodox classics"). This dubious tradition began with Liu Xiang (79-8 BCE) describing the text as (tr. Shaughnessy 1993:230): "The solemn statements and orders of the Zhou period; they are in fact the residue of the hundred "pian" discussed by Confucius." McNeal (2002:59) translates differently, "[The "Yi Zhou shu" may well be what remained after Confucius edited the hundred chapters the "Shang shu"". Since the canonical "Shang shu" in circulation had 29 chapters, McNeal proposes, 
Perhaps sometime during the early Western Han the transmitted version of the "Zhou shu" was expanded so as to produce a text of exactly seventy-one chapters, so that, added to the twenty-nine chapters of the "Shang shu", the so-called "hundred chapters of the "shu"" could be given a literal meaning. This would account for those chapters of the "Yi Zhou shu" that seem entirely unrelated or only tentatively related to the main themes of the work. (2002:59) 
Jizhong Zhoushu (or Jizhong Zhou shu) derives from a second tradition that the text was found among the manuscripts on bamboo slips unearthed in the (c. 279 CE) Jizhong discovery of the tomb of King Xiang 襄王 of Wei (r. 311–296 BCE). Shaughnessy (1993:229) concludes that since "both of these traditions can be shown to be without foundation", and since all the earliest textual citations refer to it as "Zhoushu", there is now a "general scholarly consensus" that the title should in fact read simply as "Zhou shu". However, since "Zhou shu" also figures as the section of the Book of Documents, the name "Yizhoushu" has obtained broad currency as safely marking the differentiation.
English translations of the "Yi Zhou shu" title include:
Content.
In the 1st-century BCE, the "Zhoushu" or "Yizhoushu" text consisted of 10 fascicles ("juan" 巻 "scroll; volume; book; fascicle") with 70 chapters ("pian" 篇 "article; section; chapter") and a preface. Eleven chapters were lost around the 12th-century CE, and only the titles survive. The extant text has 59 chapters and a preface, with a commentary for 42 chapters attributed to the Jin dynasty scholar Kong Zhao 孔晁 (fl. 256-266).
Based upon linguistic and thematic consistencies, modern scholarship reveals that 32 chapters constitute a textual "core" treating governmental and military topics (Shaughnessy 1993:229-230). The remaining 27 "Yizhoushu" chapters are heterogeneous. Some describe historical events ranging from King Wen of Zhou 周文王 (r. 1099-1050 BCE) down to King Jing of Zhou (Gui) (r. 544-520 BCE); supplementary chapters record topics such as astronomy (52 "Shixun" 時訓) and posthumous names (54 "Shifa" 謚法).
McNeal (2002:50) disagrees with Shaughnessy's claim that "there is no discernible organization of the text," and contends, "there is in fact a chronological presentation of material throughout the progression of most of the chapters." For instance, 18 chapter titles use one of the paired words "wen" 文 "civil; literary" and "wu" 武 "military; martial" (see von Falkenhausen 1996) – a literary reference to the Zhou founders King Wen 文王 and King Wu 武王. At least 28 of the 59 extant chapters "are unambiguously set in the pre-dynastic reigns of Kings Wen and Wu or during the immediate time of the conquest of Shang."
Date and place of composition.
According to Shaughnessy (1993:230), the "Yizhoushu" underwent two textual redactions.
First, sometime in the late 4th- or early 3rd-century BCE, an anonymous editor compiled the 32 "core" chapters. These have linguistic and intellectual features characteristic of Warring States writings, and were quoted in classics such as the "Zuozhuan", "Hanfeizi", and "Zhanguoce".
Second, no later than the early 1st-century BCE, another editor, possibly the preface's author, composed a redaction with 70 chapters and a preface (modeled upon the Old Texts preface to the "Shangshu"). Some secondary chapters are earlier than the core and others are later. For instance, Chapter 32 "Wushun" 武順 uses the term "di" 帝 "emperor"; McNeal (2002:56) interprets it as "a late third-century BC date", when "di" came to mean "emperor". Zhu Youceng (19 c. :zh:朱右曾) claimed that, though possibly not produced in the early Zhou, YZS had no features of the Warring States or Qin-Han forgery.
The philosophical lineage of the "Yizhoushu" within the Hundred Schools of Thought remains uncertain. According to McNeal (2002:60), several schools (including one branch of Confucianism) emphasized the concept of "wen" and "wu" as "the civil and martial spheres of government as comprising a comprehensive totality." In particular, the ancient military strategist Jiang Ziya or Tai Gong 太公, who is known through the writings of Su Qin (380-284 BCE) from the School of Diplomacy or "School of Vertical and Horizontal ".
According to Chinese scholars, possible transmission line of the earliest YZS chapters went through the state of Jin and its subsequently divided territories. It is attested by the preserved textual quotes, most of which are ascribed to Jin personae. A number of thematic parallels are found between YZS and the Wenzi, which is reported to be also produced in Jin.
Textual history.
The bibliography sections ("yiwenzhi" 藝文志) of the "Twenty-four Histories" provide valuable diachronic data. The (111 CE) "Book of Han" imperial Bibliography (Yiwenzhi) records the "Zhoushu", or "Zhoushiji" 周史記, in 71 chapters. The (636) "Book of Sui" lists a "Zhoushu" in 10 fascicles ("juan"), and notes it derived from the Jizhong discovery. Yan Shigu (581–645), annotating "Yiwenzhi", states that of the 71 YZS chapters only 45 are extant, however, Liu Zhiji (661-721) claims that all 71 original chapters were extant. The "Old Book of Tang" (945) bibliography lists an 8-fascicle "Zhoushu" with annotations by Kong Chao 孔晁 (mid-3rd century). The "New Book of Tang" (1060) lists both a "Jizhong Zhoushu" in 10 fascicles and Kong Chao's annotated "Zhoushu" in 8. The (1345) "History of Song" and subsequent dynastic histories only list the "Jizhong Zhoushu" in 10 fascicles. Shaughnessy (1993:231) concludes that two separate versions existed up until the Tang period, the 8-fascicle "Kong Chaozhu Zhoushu" 孔晁注周書 and the 10-fascicle "Jizhong Zhoushu" 汲冢周書. These two textual versions were assimilated during the Northern Song period (960-1279), and the loss of 11 chapters occurred before the middle Southern Song (1127-1279).
Both these traditions, associating the extant "Yizhoushu" to Jizhong texts or Kong's edition, have dubious historicity. First, contemporary research on the "Yizhoushu" has conclusively demonstrated that the received text could not have been recovered from Xiang's tomb along with the "Bamboo Annals". Shaughnessy (1986:160) explains that "the "Yi Zhou shu" was extant as an integral text, known as the Zhou shu 周書, throughout the nearly six centuries from King Xiang's burial in 296 B.C. through the opening of the tomb in 280 A.D." Some chapters (e.g., 62 "Shifang" 職方) have internal evidence of being written after the 221 BCE Qin dynasty unification (Shaughnessy 1993:232). Second, it is unlikely that Kong Chao, author of the earliest commentary, consulted the Jizhong documents. The dates of Kong's life are uncertain, but he was a close contemporary of Wang Su (195-256), and the last historical reference to him was in an imperial invitation of 266. Shaughnessy (1986:160) says Kong's commentary was added to the text "sometime in the middle of the third century A.D., but certainly before the 280 opening of King Xiang's tomb." Histories listed many scholars – but not Kong Chao – who worked on deciphering the bamboo strips.
"Yizhoushu" commentaries began with Kong Chao in the 3rd century and continue in the present day. Kong's commentary is extant for 42 of the 59 chapters, and has been included in most editions. Qing dynasty (1644-1912) scholarship produced valuable "Yizhoushu" commentaries and editions. The text-critical edition of Lu Wenchao 盧文弨 (1717-1796) was based on eight Yuan dynasty and Ming dynasty versions, and includes twelve earlier Qing commentaries. The (1936) "Sibu beiyao" 四部備要 series reprinted Lu's edition, which is called the 抱經堂本 "Baojing Study version". The (1919) "Sibu congkan" 四部叢刊 collection reproduced the earliest edition, a (1543) version by Zhang Bo 章檗 printed at the Jiaxing provincial academy.
Compared with most other Chinese classics, the "Yizhoushu" has been neglected by scholars, both Chinese and Western. McNeal (2002:46) suggests, "A bias against the work, perhaps originating in part from the misconception that it comprised those Zhou documents that Confucius deemed unfit for inclusion in his canonical edition of the "Shang shu" 尚書, or "Venerated Documents" (which includes a section called "Zhou Documents" itself), has contributed to the relative neglect of this text."
Parallel texts and epigraphics.
The text close to the known version of YZS was known to Sima Qian: numerous parallels are found in the "Shi ji" account on Zhou history, and the YZS "Ke Yin" (#36) and "Duoyi" (#44) chapters are basically incorporated into the "Shi ji" in their full form. The observation was made by Ding Fu :zh:丁黼.
Among the excavated sources on YZS:
Traditional scholarly attitudes.
YZS was condemned as inadequate representation of history by the traditional Confucian scholars of the late imperial period, beginning from the Song dynasty (Ding Fu, Hong Mai). Their standpoints were characterized by merging of moralistic judgement into textual criticism. Most pronounced condemnation came from Fang Xiaoru (1357-1402). Fang claimed that YZS contained "exaggerations" and "immoral" notions ascribed to the past sages (bringing "Shi fu" chapter as an example for the first, and "Guan ren", "Da wu", "Da ming" for the second). He concluded on those grounds that they could not have been authentic Zhou documents, and thus Liu Xiang's claim that they had been left over by Confucius was necessarily false.

</doc>
<doc id="36734135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734135" title="Takao Isokawa">
Takao Isokawa

Takao Isokawa (born 10 June 1984 in Kumamoto) is a Japanese freestyle wrestler. He competed in the freestyle 96 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics; after defeating Nathaniel Tuamoheloa in the qualifications, he was eliminated by Magomed Musaev in the 1/8 finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36734137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734137" title="Jay Gould (entrepreneur)">
Jay Gould (entrepreneur)

Jay Gould (born 1 April 1979) is an American tech entrepreneur and the founder & CEO of Yashi. He is well known for introducing and pioneering viral video embeds with his prior startup Music Video Codes, a precursor to YouTube. Later, Gould created GamersMedia, a vertical ad network for online gaming websites, which was later rebranded as Yashi. Gould is also an active angel investor in web-based startups, such as DogVacay, Tout, Buffer, and Fitocracy.
Education.
Gould is an alumnus of Rowan University (2001), where he earned a Bachelor’s Degree in Law & Justice.
Career.
Gould founded some of the earliest social networks. RateOrDate, a social dating site, and SocialTree were predecessors to MySpace and Facebook. Gould later sold both of these businesses. On 19 November 2004, Gould founded MusicVideoCodes, a video sharing website. MusicVideoCodes was the first video sharing website that allowed users to host and embed videos on third-party websites, a model that would be followed by YouTube. This propelled MusicVideoCodes to rise to the seventh-most-visited music website in the United States by 24 April 2005 on Nielsen Net|Ratings. For its part, YouTube was not launched until February 2005. The now-dominant site did not gain any notable traction until the middle of 2005, per Alexa rankings.
Soon after founding MusicVideoCode, Gould launched Yashi.com, another video sharing website, which was also an immediate success and grew to one of the largest video sharing domains by late 2005. Statistics from November 2005 indicate that Yashi had more than 3,400 daily video uploads, 100,000 total uploads, and a community of 400,000 members using the video sharing service.
In December 2005, Gould sold both MusicVideoCodes and Yashi to Bolt Media for an undisclosed amount and joined Bolt as its President. At the time of the sale, Yashi and MusicVideoCodes had over 3.3 million U.S. unique visitors, according to comScore Media Metrics.
While under Gould’s management, Bolt grew substantially in traffic, with revenues in excess of $7 million annually. The company eventually signed a definitive agreement to be sold for up to $30 million. But just prior to signing the definitive agreement, Bolt was sued for alleged copyright infringement by the largest commercial-music label, Universal Music Group.
Universal sued Bolt along with MySpace, which was already under ownership by News Corp at the time. The Universal lawsuit, which was highly publicized and followed by the media, was in the final stages of negotiation for a settlement. before those talks fell through. The failure to reach a settlement resulted in the termination of Bolt’s $30 million sale, eventually leading Bolt to file an assignment for the benefit of creditors.
During Gould’s tenure at Bolt, he co-founded WikiYou, which raised $500,000 from investors, including Mayfield Fund, First Round Capital, and LinkedIn co-founder Reid Hoffman.
Gould later founded GamersMedia, the first vertical-advertising network to bring brand advertisers to casual-gaming websites, which at its launch had over 20 million unique visitors across 40 sites. GamersMedia later launched a division called Create Reach which it grew to the seventh-largest video-advertising network, serving over 80 million monthly video advertisements according to comScore, and ranks first in the online-gaming category with a 79.4% reach in the United States. In February 2012, GamersMedia consolidated Create Reach and rebranded as Yashi Media Group. In 2012 Yashi was named the 38th fastest-growing company in New Jersey among the Inc. 5000.
Investments.
Gould has actively been involved with helping entrepreneurs acquire capital and expertise for their startup ventures. He is an active angel investor, with sizable contributions to companies such as Buffer, CapLinked, Tout, iDoneThis, Fitocracy, Cadee, and others. In March 2012, Gould was part of a $1 million funding initiative for DogVacay, an online marketplace for residential dog boarding.
In addition to startup capital, Gould also contributes his knowledge and expertise to entrepreneurs. He is a member of the Rowan University Entrepreneurship Program Advisor Council (ENTAC). In April 2010, he returned to his alma mater to serve as a judge for the Rowan University Elevator Pitch Contest.
Foundville.
In October 2011, Gould launched foundville.com, a video podcast site featuring interviews with successful Internet entrepreneurs. Gould has interviewed founders of well-known companies such as HotOrNot, RockYou, Adify, Mochi Media, Eric M. Jackson's CapLinked, The Receivables Exchange, Wikia, SitePoint, and others.
Writings.
Gould has contributed to the investment blog SecondShares, which was the first site to provide Wall Street-style analysis and valuations on Facebook and Zynga. In the first quarter of 2010, SecondShares valued them at $50 billion and $5 billion, respectively, when they were only trading at $12 billion and $1 billion in the secondary markets. SecondShares has been featured on Bloomberg Television and CNBC as the leading research firm for private companies in social media.

</doc>
<doc id="36734164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734164" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 400 metres">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 400 metres

The Men's 400m athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from September 2 to September 8. A total of 10 events were contested over this distance for 10 different classifications.
Results.
T11.
Final
T12.
Final
T13.
Final
T36.
There were no heats in this event. The final was competed on 4 September 2012 at 20:45.
Final
T38.
Final
T44.
Final
Competed 8 September 2012 at 21:57.
T46.
Final
Competed 4 September 2012 at 20:54.
T52.
Final
Competed 3 September 2012 at 19:48.
T53.
Final
Competed 2 September 2012 at 20:11.
T54.
Final
Competed 7 September 2012 at 20:47.

</doc>
<doc id="36734184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734184" title="List of National Basketball Association season minutes leaders">
List of National Basketball Association season minutes leaders

In basketball, minutes of game time during which a player is on the court are recorded. The minutes played statistics are recorded as far back as the 1951–52 season when statistics on minutes were first compiled by the National Basketball Association (NBA). Nine times the average leader has played fewer than 40 minutes per game and eight times the leader has played more than 46 minutes per game. Wilt Chamberlain has the seven highest leading totals, while Nate "Tiny" Archibald is the only other single-season leader to average over 46 minutes per game. In one season, Chamberlain averaged over 48 minutes per game (meaning that he rested fewer minutes during the season than he played in overtime during the season).
Chamberlain has led the league in minutes played per game nine times, followed by Allen Iverson (7) and Michael Finley (3) times. Twelve other players have led the league in minutes per game twice, eight of them in consecutive years. Chamberlain holds the record for consecutive titles with five, followed by Iverson with three (two times). Fifteen times a member of the San Francisco/Philadelphia/Golden State Warriors has led the league in average minutes. Nine full seasons and parts of another the average leader played for the Philadelphia 76ers. Seventeen seasons and parts of another the leader played for either the Philadelphia Warriors or the Philadelphia 76ers.
In 16 of the 61 seasons since the statistic has been kept, the minutes per game leader was not the total minutes played leader. Larry Bird and Iverson are the only multiple leaders in average who were surpassed in total minutes multiple times. Five of Iverson's seven times and both of Bird's times as the average leader they were surpassed in total minutes. Kevin Durant is the only player to lead the league in total minutes without finishing in the top three in average minutes during the same season. He is also the only player to never lead in average minutes, but lead in total minutes multiple times. The first four times and five of the first seven times that the leader in average did not lead in total minutes, he finished second in total minutes. However, the last six times that the average leader did not lead the league in total minutes, he was outside of the top 10 and the last nine times, he was outside of the top 5.

</doc>
<doc id="36734188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734188" title="Acrolepiopsis issikiella">
Acrolepiopsis issikiella

Acrolepiopsis issikiella is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Moriuti in 1961. It is found in Japan.
The wingspan is 11–12 mm. There are several generations per year. The adults emerge in autumn and overwinter.
The larvae feed on seeds in a capsule of "Dioscorea" species, but have also been recorded tunneling the stems, or feeding on the leaves of "Dioscorea tokoro". Larvae can be found from summer to mid autumn.

</doc>
<doc id="36734202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734202" title="Ball of Fire (song)">
Ball of Fire (song)

"Ball of Fire" is a song recorded by Tommy James and the Shondells for their 1969 greatest hits album, "The Best of Tommy James & the Shondells". The song reached #19 on The Billboard Hot 100 in 1969. The song also reached #8 in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="36734203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734203" title="Bolitotherus cornutus">
Bolitotherus cornutus

Bolitotherus cornutus is the scientific name of a species of darkling beetle that is also known under the vernacular name forked fungus beetle. As a holometabolic insect, its life cycle includes four life stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult.
Description.
Adults are sexually dimorphic with respect to the presence of horns. Males use their two sets of horns, clypeal and thoracic, to compete for mates. Unlike many species of scarab beetles that exhibit male dimorphism for horns with major and minor morphs, male "B. cornutus" possess a continuous range of horn and body sizes. "Bolitotherus cornutus" perform reproductive behaviors on the surface of polypore shelf fungus growing on dead wood. Mating pairs engage in a courtship ritual in which the male grips the female's elytra, with his thorax over the end of her abdomen. Courtship often lasts several hours, and is a necessary precursor to copulation. During a copulation attempt, the male reverses position on top of the female so that both individuals point the same direction and their abdomens are aligned. If the courtship is successful, the female opens her anal sternite and copulation takes place. Following copulation, the male remains on top, facing the same direction as the female, and mate-guards her. The male remains in this position for several hours, preventing other males from courting the female.

</doc>
<doc id="36734210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734210" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 800 metres">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 800 metres

The Men's 800m athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from August 31 to September 8. A total of 8 events were contested over this distance for 8 different classifications.
Results.
T12.
Final
Competed 5 September 2012 at 19:35.
T13.
Final
Competed 8 September 2012 at 11:55.
T36.
There were no heats in this event. The final was competed on 6 September 2012 at 19:24.
Final
Competed 6 September 2012 at 19:24.
T37.
There were no heats in this event. The final was competed on 1 September 2012 at 20:58.
Final
Competed 1 September 2012 at 20:58.
T46.
Final
Competed 8 September 2012 at 21:02.
T52.
There were no heats in this event. The final was competed on 7 September 2012 at 20:39.
Final
Competed 7 September 2012 at 20:39.
T53.
Final
Competed 5 September 2012 at 19:43.
T54.
Final
Competed 6 September 2012 at 21:16.

</doc>
<doc id="36734214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734214" title="Point View Dam">
Point View Dam

Point View Dam (National ID # NJ00236) is a dam in Wayne, Passaic County, New Jersey.
The earthen gravity dam was constructed in 1964 to impound the water of Haycock Brook for municipal drinking water. It's 55 feet high with a length of 1100 feet at its crest. Both dam and reservoir are owned and operated by the Passaic Valley Water Commission, and stands as the largest of the Commission's four reservoirs. In 2009 it was slated for a state-funded restoration costing several million dollars.
The reservoir it creates, Point View Reservoir, has a water surface area of 465 acres, a maximum capacity of 10,450 acre-feet, and a normal capacity of 8590 acre-feet. Fishing requires a permit from the Passaic Valley Water Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="36734235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734235" title="Acrolepiopsis japonica">
Acrolepiopsis japonica

Acrolepiopsis japonica is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Gaedike in 1982. It is found in Japan.
The larvae are borers in "Dioscorea japonica".

</doc>
<doc id="36734246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734246" title="Acrolepia kasyi">
Acrolepia kasyi

Acrolepia kasyi is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Gaedike in 1968. It is found in Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="36734251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734251" title="Acrolepia maculella">
Acrolepia maculella

Acrolepia maculella is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Blanchard in 1852. It is found in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="36734264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734264" title="Hanna Knyazyeva-Minenko">
Hanna Knyazyeva-Minenko

Hanna Knyazyeva-Minenko (, née "Knyazyeva;" born in Ukrainian September 25, 1989) is an Israel triple jumper and long jumper who competed for at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Since 2013 she has represented Israel.
Knyazyeva placed fourth in the women’s triple jump event at the 2012 Summer Olympics with a best attempt of 14.56 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="36734269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734269" title="Acrolepia moriuti">
Acrolepia moriuti

Acrolepia moriuti is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Gaedike in 1982. It is found in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="36734276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734276" title="Acrolepia nitrodes">
Acrolepia nitrodes

Acrolepia nitrodes is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1910. It is found in India (Bengal).

</doc>
<doc id="36734338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734338" title="Pandhareenathachar Galagali">
Pandhareenathachar Galagali

Pandit Pandhareenathachar Galagali (born 10 July 1922) is a Vedic scholar, author, poet, journalist, and orator. 
He has authored over 50 books in Kannada and Sanskrit, among which are Shri Shambhu Linga Vijaya Champu (Sanksrit), Raaga Viraga (Kannada), Bharata Swatantraya Sangramasya Etihasaha (Sanskrit), and Mahabharatada Mahileyaru (Kannada). He was also the editor of five Kannada and Sanskrit newspapers for over four decades.
He is the recipient of various awards and honours, including the Rashtrapati Award (Presidential Award of India) and Dalmia Award. He is also notable for being the first person from the state of Karnataka to win the Sahitya Akademi Award for contributions in Sanskrit.
Early life.
Pandhareenathachar Galagali was born on July 10, 1922 to Kurmachar Galagali in a small village named Galagali. His formal education was stopped in the first grade, and he began his study of Vedic literature under his father Kurmachar Galagali and uncle Ramachar Galagali.
Adulthood.
From 1944 to 1960, he worked as a Sanskrit teacher at Shankrappa Sakri High School in Bagalkot. In 1961, he moved to Gadag, where he started a Sanskrit school called Veera Narayana Pathashala. 
In 1971, Galagali achar established the Veda Purana Sahitya Mala to translate and publish the 18 Mahapuranas into Kannada (14 have been translated into 18 volumes so far).
For over forty years, Galagali achar served as the editor for the following newspapers: 
Style of Writing.
Pandit Galagali's predominant prose style follows that of Banabhatta, whereas his poetic technique resembles that of Kalidasa.
"He excels in the usage of alankāras like Parisamkhyā, Ullekha, Upamā, Ílesa, Mālopamā and Anuprāsa. Galagali is a versatile author and has covered a vast spectrum of various genres in his writings. He is in fact an epitome of creativity and learning in Sanskrit, and being an excellent orator, has Sanskrit culture through his speeches also."
Publications.
Over the course of a lifetime, Pandit Galagali has published 22 original Sanskrit works, 21 original Kannada works, and 23 translated works.

</doc>
<doc id="36734340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734340" title="Cristoforo Guidalotti Ciocchi del Monte">
Cristoforo Guidalotti Ciocchi del Monte

Cristoforo Guidalotti Ciocchi del Monte (1484–1564) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
Cristoforo Guidalotti Ciocchi del Monte was born in Arezzo in 1484, the son of Cecco di Cristofano Guidalotti, a patrician of Perugia, and Margherita Ciocchi del Monte. On his mother's side, he was a first cousin of Pope Julius III.
As a young man, he traveled to Rome and studied under his uncle Cardinal Antonio Maria Ciocchi del Monte, becoming a doctor of both laws. Through a preferment from his uncle, he became archpriest of Sant'Angelo in Vado.
On August 21, 1517, he was elected titular Bishop of Bethlehem, a position previously held by his cousin Gaspare Antonio del Monte. He was transferred to the Diocese of Cagli e Pergola on February 10, 1525, and later to the Diocese of Marseille on June 27, 1550. On October 20, 1550, he became titular Patriarch of Alexandria, while retaining the Diocese of Marseille. He resigned the patriarchate sometime before January 8, 1552.
His cousin Pope Julius III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of November 20, 1551. He received the red hat and the titular church of Santa Prassede on December 4, 1551. 
As cardinal, he was a participant in both the papal conclave of April 1555 that elected Pope Marcellus II and the papal conclave of May 1555 that elected Pope Paul IV. He was transferred from the Diocese of Marseille back to the Diocese of Cagli on March 9, 1556. He participated in the papal conclave of 1559 that elected Pope Pius IV.
He died in Sant'Angelo in Vado on October 27, 1564. He was buried in the main church in Sant'Angelo in Vado.

</doc>
<doc id="36734359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734359" title="Dhanalakshmi">
Dhanalakshmi

Dhanalakshmi () is a 1977 Indian Kannada language film directed by K.S Sathyanarayana. The film starred Srinath, Manjula, Leelavathi in lead roles. The film is based on a story where a number of thieves enter a household as disguised guests and acquaintances to loot a secret treasure supposed to be hidden in there.
Soundtrack.
The music was composed by M.Ranga Rao with lyrics by Chi Udayashankar and K.S Sathyanarayana.

</doc>
<doc id="36734387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734387" title="Lollapalooza Chile">
Lollapalooza Chile

Lollapalooza Chile is a Santiago, Chile based version of the popular North American Lollapalooza music festival.
History.
The annual festival launched in April 2011 in Santiago’s O'Higgins Park and features alternative rock, heavy metal, punk rock and hip hop bands from both Chile and abroad. It was the first edition of Lollapalooza to take place outside of the United States and was followed by the launch of Lollapalooza Brazil in São Paulo in 2012. Lollapalooza Chile returned to Santiago in 2012 and is due back for a third edition from 6 April 6–7 April 2013. It is managed by Chilean production company Lotus Productions in partnership with Lollapalooza founder and Jane's Addiction frontman Perry Farrell, and drew crowds of approximately 100,000 in 2011 and 115,000 in 2012.
Acts.
Lollapalooza Chile has featured a range of international artists such as The Killers, Jane's Addiction, Kanye West, Deftones, Fatboy Slim, Thirty Seconds to Mars, The Flaming Lips, Arctic Monkeys, Foo Fighters, Björk, MGMT, Tinie Tempah, Sublime with Rome, Foster the People, Calvin Harris and Armin Van Buuren. The 2013 lineup includes The Black Keys, Pearl Jam, Queens of the Stone Age, Keane, Deadmau5, A Perfect Circle, Franz Ferdinand, The Hives, and many others.
The festival has also provided an important platform for Chilean music and rock in particular, and shows by Chilean artists have drawn some of its biggest crowds. Featured bands have included Chico Trujillo, Anita Tijoux, Los Bunkers, Javiera Mena, Francisca Valenzuela, Joe Vasconcellos, Gepe, Fernando Milagros, Juana Fe and Los Jaivas. The Chilean contingent of the 2013 lineup includes: Banda Conmoción, Gepe, De Saloon and Chancho en Piedra. Lollapalooza Chile has also provided a springboard for Chilean artists such as Los Bunkers, Chico Trujillo and Anita Tijoux to play the original Lollapalooza festival in Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="36734393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734393" title="Dabenarti">
Dabenarti

Dabenarti is an island in Sudan, situated in the middle of the Nile near the 2nd cataract. It is close to Mirgissa, from its east wall, and about south of the Buhen fortress. A fortress on the island was attributed to the Egyptian Nubian period. Construction began during the reign of Senusret I, around 1900 BC, and was completed under Senusret III. Landing at the island fort, measuring in size, was difficult, and it was never completed. With the collapse of Egyptian power at the end of the Middle Kingdom, Dabenarti was abandoned around 1700 BC. It was examined in 1916 by Somers Clarke.

</doc>
<doc id="36734394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734394" title="Square sign">
Square sign

Square sign may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36734399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734399" title="Mount Margaret Station">
Mount Margaret Station

Mount Margaret Station is a pastoral lease that operates as a sheep station and more recently as a cattle station. It is located about west of Quilpie and south of Windorah in Queensland. The property has extensive and reliable water supply with of double frontage on the Wilson River and associated creeks.
Mount Margaret was once Queenslands and Australias largest sheep station, occupying an area of which makes it larger than the nation of Brunei.
The station was sold in 2010 for $12 million, it was free of stock at the time but included all plant and equipment and was sold to New South Wales cattle producer Kilburnie Pastoral Co.
In 1937 the Peel River Pastoral Company who had acquired the station in 1925 sold the property for £50,000 to the Killeen Brothers, at this point the station was stocked with 10,000 head of cattle and 250 horses, but it was believed that the Killeens would make the change to sheep.
Owned in 1956 by the Killen family's Pastoral Development Holdings (formerly Elsinora), the property ran a flock of 76,000 sheep and 5,000 cattle. The adjoining properties include Malagarga and Kihee stations, both of which, at different time, have been owned along with Mount Margaret. The station was acquired in 2004 by Mike Gordon's, the Bydand Pastoral Company, from the Yass based Reid family.
Bydand put the property on the market in 2009 and sold in 2010 to Kilburnie Pastoral Co. which still owned the property in 2012. The station has been breeding and selling Angus cattle. The price tag, with no stock, was approximately 12.5 million.

</doc>
<doc id="36734425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734425" title="Dishonorable Disclosures">
Dishonorable Disclosures

Dishonorable Disclosures is a 2012 American documentary film purporting to show that the administration of President Barack Obama has endangered lives by allegedly leaking information about the U.S. military raid that killed Osama bin Laden in 2011.
The video was produced by the Special Operations OPSEC Education Fund Inc, a 501(c)(4) group which began a political ad campaign critical of President Obama and showed the video in swing states in the months leading up to the 2012 presidential election In response, the Obama Campaign compared the film to the "Swift Boat" attacks against Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry in 2004.
Summary.
The 22-minute film alleges President Obama and his administration intentionally leaked sensitive details about covert intelligence operations. According to a "New York Times" report, the film attempts to portray Obama "as a braggart taking credit for the accomplishments of special forces and intelligence operatives". Included are interviews with former intelligence officers, who suggest that the White House deliberately leaked details about the raid on bin Laden's compound that could help terrorists identify the Navy SEALs involved, along with other sensitive information.
Ben Smith, identified in the film as a former SEAL, is seen saying, "Mr. President, you did not kill Osama bin Laden, America did. The work that the American military has done killed Osama bin Laden. You did not. As a citizen, it is my civic duty to tell the president to stop leaking information to the enemy. It will get Americans killed." Fred Rustmann, a retired CIA officer, says in the video that days after the bin Laden raid, Hollywood elites were invited to the White House to be briefed on exactly how the raid took place. Rustmann alleged that the administration leaked "what kind of sources we had, what kind of methods we used, all for the purpose of making a Hollywood movie", referring to the movie "Zero Dark Thirty", which was released on December 19, 2012. Retired USMC Lt. Col. Bill Cowan alleges that Obama divulged the covert information to Hollywood for political gain, saying in the video "When we divulge national security information such as the identity of the organization that killed Osama bin Laden, we have now put all of those men, all of their families, everybody around them at some sort of risk." The film also alleges classified information was leaked about the Stuxnet virus attack on the Iranian nuclear program and Obama’s “kill list” of suspected terrorists.
Responses to "Dishonorable Disclosures".
In an article about the film in the "Politics" section of "The New York Times," Scott Shane wrote that OPSEC described itself as nonpartisan but that some of its leaders have been involved in Republican campaigns and Tea Party groups. Specifically, Shane wrote that the film's featured former SEAL members include one whose Facebook page identifies him as a spokesman for the Tea Party Express and several Republican campaigns, and that OPSEC’s president ran unsuccessfully as a Republican candidate for Congress in 2010. Shane asserted that the film, "in an effort to portray Mr. Obama as a braggart taking credit for the accomplishments of special forces and intelligence operatives," edited out Obama's crediting the "tireless and heroic work of our military and our counterterrorism professionals" from his announcement of bin Laden's killing; in this regard Shane quoted Admiral William H. McRaven as having said that Obama "shouldered the burden" for this operation, "made the hard decisions," and was "instrumental in the planning process." Shane further wrote that OPSEC's president acknowledged Republican ties of some members but said that “as many or more (of the film's participants) are apolitical. ... This issue is more than just politics.”
CNN published a critical analysis of the assertions in "Dishonorable Disclosures", written by CNN's National Security Analyst Peter Bergen. Bergen, author of "Man Hunt: The Ten Year Search for Bin Laden From 9/11 to Abottabad," asserted that what precipitated the operation going public was not Obama's announcement of the raid but the crash of the Black Hawk helicopter, Pakistani journalists arriving at bin Laden's Abbottabad compound soon after the helicopter crashed. Bergen added that U.S. Adm. Mike Mullen had advised Obama that Pakistan's top military officer, Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani, had asked for the U.S. to go public, swaying Obama to announce the raid sooner than was planned, Obama having wanted to wait for 100% DNA confirmation. Bergen noted that Obama's speech did not divulge the name of SEAL Team Six, instead saying that a "small team of Americans carried out the operation with extraordinary courage and capability." Bergen wrote that as discussed in multiple news stories, SEALs are the principal Special Operations Forces in the Afghanistan/Pakistan theater, and that "obviously, a mission to take out bin Laden would not be entrusted to any other than these elite units" (referring to SEALs and Delta Force), adding that it remained unclear who first leaked the involvement of SEAL Team Six. Bergen asserted it was "just plain wrong" that anyone in the U.S. government leaked the name of Dr Shakil Afridi, that this information first surfaced in "The Guardian" in July 2011 after Afridi was arrested by the Pakistani intelligence service. Bergen also wrote that it was entirely Obama's decision, made against the advice of both the vice president and secretary of defense, to launch the raid based on fragmentary intelligence that bin Laden might be there. Bergen asserted that the United States' use of drones in Pakistan "is one of the world's worst kept secrets," that disclosure of the Stuxnet virus attacks on the Iranian nuclear program had been reported since 2010, and that Iran publicly acknowledged the cyberattack two years earlier.
Although Obama's speech did not mention SEAL Team 6 by name, Vice President Joe Biden's speech on May 3, 2011 to the Atlantic Council Annual Awards Dinner, did specifically congratulate the SEALS for what they did "last Sunday".
The Obama Campaign compared the film to the "Swift Boat" attacks against Democratic presidential candidate Senator John Kerry in 2004. A spokesperson for the campaign said, "No one in this group is in a position to speak with any authority on these issues and on what impact these leaks might have, and it's clear they've resorted to making things up for purely political reasons."

</doc>
<doc id="36734430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734430" title="Mama Drama (TV series)">
Mama Drama (TV series)

Mama Drama is a ten-episode reality television series that focuses on five mother-daughter pairs who are put together in a penthouse in Las Vegas, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="36734442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734442" title="Theft or bribery concerning programs receiving Federal funds">
Theft or bribery concerning programs receiving Federal funds

Theft or bribery concerning programs receiving Federal funds (sometimes referred to as program fraud or program bribery) is a Federal crime under . The purpose of this statute is protect the integrity of the vast sums of money distributed through Federal programs. The section is designed to facilitate the prosecution of persons who steal money or otherwise divert property or services from state and local governments or private organizations—for example, universities, foundations and business corporations—that receive large amounts of Federal funds.
Definition of offense.
Subsection (a)(1)(A) of Section 666 prohibits the embezzlement, stealing, obtaining by fraud or otherwise unauthorized conversion to the use of any person other than the rightful owner or the intentional misapplication of property having a value of $5,000 or more by an agent, typically an employee, of an organization or of a state, local or Indian tribal government agency that receives $10,000 or more annually in Federal assistance. The maximum penalty is imprisonment for 10 years and a fine of the greater of $100,000 or twice the amount obtained in violation of the section.
Subsection (a)(1)(B) prohibits such agents and employees from soliciting or accepting bribes and gratuities in connection with any business transaction involving $5,000 or more.
Subsection (a)(2) prohibits anyone from offering bribes and gratuities in connection with any business transaction involving $5,000 or more.
Legislative history and purpose.
18 U.S.C § 666 was enacted in 1984. The legislative history of the statute indicates that Congress intended to eliminate a gap in the criminal statutes which made it more difficult to prosecute theft from federally funded programs:
In many cases, such 641 prosecution is impossible because title has passed to the recipient before the property is stolen, or the funds are so commingled that the Federal character of the funds cannot be shown. This situation gives rise to a serious gap in the law, since even though title to the monies may have passed, the Federal Government clearly retains a strong interest in assuring the integrity of such program funds. Indeed, a recurring problem in this area (as well as in the related area of bribery of the administrators of such funds) has been that state and local prosecutors are often unwilling to commit their limited resources to pursue such thefts, deeming the United States the principal party aggrieved.
Under prior law, with few exceptions, thefts from such governments or organizations could be prosecuted only under the general theft statute, (which covers theft of U.S. government property), or the statute prohibiting theft of funds under the Comprehensive Employment and Training Act (CETA), . Use of the general theft statute was often precluded because either the title to the property stolen had passed from the Federal government before it was stolen or the funds were so commingled that their Federal character could not be shown.
Consequently, Congress created a separate offense under 18 U.S.C. § 666 to ensure the integrity of Federal program funds administered through private organizations and state, local, or Indian tribal government agencies and to fill an apparent gap in the law that neither 18 U.S.C. § 641 nor § 665 could reach.

</doc>
