<doc id="36860603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860603" title="X Factor Indonesia (season 1)">
X Factor Indonesia (season 1)

X Factor Indonesia is an Indonesian television music competition to find new singing talent; the winner of which receives a 1 billion rupiahs recording contract with Sony Music Indonesia. The first season was started on RCTI on December 28, 2012 and ended on May 24, 2013. Fatin Shidqia was announced as the winner with debut single "Aku Memilih Setia", and Rossa emerged as the winning mentor.
Based on the UK format, the competition consists of auditions, in front of producers and then the judges with a live audience; bootcamp; judges' homes and then the live finals. Auditions for the show began in September 2012 and concluded in November 2012. The show was hosted by "ex-VJ" Robby Purba, while the judging panel consists of Ahmad Dhani, Rossa, Anggun and Bebi Romeo. Pop sensational singer Mulan Jameela filled in for Anggun at the auditions while Anggun was performing in her Europe Live Tour Concert.
Judges and hosts.
Many people were rumored to be in the running to join the judging panel, including Indra Lesmana, Titi DJ, Ahmad Dhani, Rossa, Titi Sjuman, Maia Estianty, Vina Panduwinata, Tompi, Anggun, Anang Hermansyah, Sherina Munaf, Agnes Monica, Ruth Sahanaya, Iwan Fals, Jaclyn Victor, Giring Ganesha and Bebi Romeo. On October 30, 2012, RCTI confirmed that Ahmad Dhani and Bebi Romeo will be the judges of this season by a commercial promo, with two remaining female judges still waiting for a confirmation. On November 12, reports surfaced that Rossa officially signed on to judge the show. It was also rumoured that Agnes Monica was in talks to be the judge. On November 16, Rossa has officially confirmed by her Twitter that she will joining as judge. On November 22 during the filming of the judges' auditions, it was announced that Anggun will be joining the show as a member of the judging panel. However, she missed the audition and bootcamp round due to her Europe Live Tour. Pop sensational singer Mulan Jameela filled in for Anggun as guest judge at the auditions.
Numerous people were speculated to host the series, including "VJ" Boy William and Daniel Mananta, host of Indonesian Idol. On November 23, 2012, "ex-VJ" Robby Purba was announced as host of the show.
Selection process.
Auditions.
The producers' auditions began on September 29, 2012 at the State University of Medan in Medan, North Sumatra. More producers' auditions were held on October 3 at the Sasana Budaya Ganesha in Bandung, West Java, October 23 at the Balai Prajurit in Surabaya, East Java, November 6 at the Jogja Expo Center in Yogyakarta, Special Region of Yogyakarta and concluded on November 13–14 at the Jakarta International Expo in Jakarta, Jakarta Special Capital Region.
On October 22, 2012, RCTI announced that applicants could upload a video of them singing onto "X Factor Indonesia" website and it was opened for 5 days only (October 24–28). Selected applicants would appear in front of the judges.
The last set of auditions took place during November 22, 25-28, and December 1–4, 2012 at Studio 8 RCTI. These auditions individually occur simultaneously before both the judges and a live studio audience; and with such audience in attendance able to applaud/cheer approval or disapproval and perhaps influencing the judges.
Bootcamp.
Filming for bootcamp was held on December 18–20, 2012 in Studio 8 RCTI. As with the auditions, there was no sign of Anggun at bootcamp. The bootcamp stage was broadcast in two episodes on January 25 and February 1. The first day of bootcamp saw judges split the 119 acts into their four categories: Boys, Girls, Over-24s and Groups. They received vocal coaching and each category later performed one song: the Boys sang "Harus Terpisah" or "Hargai Aku", the Girls sang "Butiran Debu" or "Rindu", the Over-24s sang "Separuh Aku" or "Bunga Terakhir" and the Groups sang "Could It Be" or "Tak Pernah Padam". At the end of the day, the number of acts was cut to 72. On the second day, acts were given dance lessons by choreographers. The judges then split the number of acts down to two groups, 22 acts through to the next day, and remaining 50 acts must perform once again, with an a cappella performance.
The judges then went on to cut 24 acts. The 48 remaining acts were then given the task of learning one song, making it their own and performing it in front of judges. The judges then chose the final 24 acts, based on these performances. However, they finally chose 26 acts. At the end of the day, judges suggested that the Over 24s category be changed to 26 and Over, as the quality of older singers was high. The Boys and Girls categories then comprised singers aged 15 to 25, rather than 15 to 23. As the groups category was the weakest, four rejected soloists from the Boys category and four from the Girls category were asked to form two groups, as a Girlband, Ilusia Girls and a Boyband, Nu Dimension.
The 26 successful acts were:
Judges' home visit.
The judges' home visit was the last stage of the selection process. The episode was aired on February 8. This was the debut episode for Anggun as judge and mentor on the show. During this stage, it was revealed that Dhani would mentor the Groups, Rossa would mentor the Girls, Anggun would mentor the Boys, and Bebi would mentor the Over-26s. The final selection process was aided by an assistant per category. Kevin Aprilio joined Dhani at Marina Batavia in Jakarta, Maia Estianty joined Rossa at her private-house in Jakarta, personnel of KLa Project, Lilo joined Anggun at Ubud in Bali, and Sandhy Sondoro joined Bebi at Eco Park in Ancol, Jakarta. At judges' home visit each act performed a song they personally picked and performed it in front of their mentor and his/her assistant.
Showcase and wildcard.
Showcase is the first live performance for the 12 acts who made it through to the Gala live show. Each mentor will introduce the acts who best they have to the public. Each act will perform one at a time to show their skills. At the beginning of showcase, it was announced that each judge could bring back one further act back as a wildcard. The public then voted for which of the four wildcards would become the thirteenth finalist. This left one judge with an extra act. Dhani chose Awan, Rossa chose Theresia Dina, Anggun chose Adhi Permana and Bebi chose Alex Rudiart. Alex was revealed as the thirteenth act in the end of showcase.
Finalists.
The 13 finalists were confirmed as follows;
Key:
Gala live shows.
Gala live show details.
Week 1 (February 22).
With the acts in the bottom two receiving two votes each, the result was deadlocked and reverted to the earlier public vote. Dicky Adam was eliminated as the act with the fewest public votes.
Week 3 (March 8).
With the acts in the bottom two receiving two votes each, the result was deadlocked and reverted to the earlier public vote. Yohanna Febrianti was eliminated as the act with the fewest public votes.
Week 8 (April 12).
For the first time this season, each contestant performed two songs.
With the acts in the bottom two receiving two votes each, the result was deadlocked and reverted to the earlier public vote. Isa Raja was eliminated as the act with the fewest public votes.
Week 9 (April 19).
The theme was billed as a part of Kartini's day celebrations. For the first time this season, each contestant performed in a duet with Indonesian female singer. It was also announced that the votes cast will be used for charity purpose.
Week 10 (April 26).
The Top 5 did not feature a final showdown and instead the act with the fewest public votes, Shena Malsiana, were automatically eliminated.
Week 11: Semi-final (May 3).
The semi-final did not feature a final showdown and instead the act with the fewest public votes, Mikha Angelo, were automatically eliminated.
Finals (May 10/17/24).
May 10.
The viewers were allowed to choose two songs to be sung by the finalists via the official Facebook page from Saturday, May 4 to Monday, May 6. One song will be their favorite performance from the finalists within the competition and the other one will be a new song.
Notes
May 24.
The winner announcement was held in Hall D2 JIExpo, Kemayoran, South Jakarta.
Notes
Reception.
Ratings.
</onlyinclude>
Controversy.
In week six of gala show, Ahmad Dhani and Rossa opted to send home Alex Rudiart in favor of Gede Bagus, causing the elimination of Alex Rudiart. This decision resulted in large amount of criticisms and outrages from the public, who claimed the decision as unfair. As a result, a lot of social media reactions begin to appear including several motion to boycott the show.
However, the Boikot group had little to no effect on the immense success of the first season and the hype (and ratings) continued to build cementing X Factor as a phenemenon in Indonesian TV history. The Boikot group was disbanded as a result of its inability to have any success.

</doc>
<doc id="36860606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860606" title="Electoral Registration and Administration Act 2013">
Electoral Registration and Administration Act 2013

The Electoral Registration and Administration Act 2013 (c. 6) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which will amend electoral law in the United Kingdom. It will introduce Individual Electoral Registration (IER).
The Westminster government had introduced IER to Northern Ireland in 2002 in the Electoral Fraud (Northern Ireland) Act 2002, but England, Wales and Scotland continued to use a system of householder registration.
With the Sixth Periodic Review of Westminster constituencies under some doubt following the collapse of the House of Lords Reform Bill 2012, there had been some criticism of the money spent on boundary reviews whilst also favouring introducing IER. The Electoral Commission has suggested that there could be a severe drop in turnout as a result. Section 6 of the Bill effectively postpones the Sixth Periodic Review until "not before 1 October 2018".
There are three Parts to the Bill.
Part 1: Individual Electoral Registration in Great Britain.
This part has twelve sections, which introduces and sets the administrative structure for IER. The Bill would amend the Representation of the People Act 1983 and Representation of the People Act 2000.
Alterations and improvements to the annual canvas of voters is introduced in this Part.
Part 2: Administration and Conduct of Elections etc.
This part alters the timetable of parliamentary elections, modifies the timetable for Civil parish elections in England and Wales, changes the regulations around the register of electors in specific circumstances, and alters the 1983 Representation of the People Act with regard to polling districts.
Section 18 introduces changes to current regulations relating to the 'inadequate performance' of returning officers.
Section 19 modifies the rules on joint ticket candidatures at elections, permitting the use of an emblem of one of the parties or a combined emblem on ballot papers.
Section 22 would repeal from the Electoral Administration Act 2006 the setting up of Coordinated Online Register of Electors.
Part 3: Final Provisions.
This section deals with the extent and name of the Bill.
Proposed amendments.
Committee stage discussion of the Bill commenced on Monday 29 November. Amongst proposed amendments put forward for debate is a new clause allowing for weekend voting, put forward by Lord Rennard and Lord Tyler.

</doc>
<doc id="36860642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860642" title="Iolaus neavei">
Iolaus neavei

Iolaus neavei, Neave’s Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria, Cameroon, the Republic of Congo, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Uganda and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
The larvae feed on "Agelanthus krausei".
Etymology.
The name honours Sheffield Airey Neave.

</doc>
<doc id="36860655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860655" title="The 3rd Hospital">
The 3rd Hospital

The 3rd Hospital () is a 2012 South Korean medical drama, starring Kim Seung-woo, Oh Ji-ho, Kim Min-jung and Sooyoung of Girls' Generation. It centers on the conflicts between Western and Eastern medicine and the rivalry between two brothers who espouse them. It aired on cable channel tvN from September 5 to November 8, 2012 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 20 episodes.
Plot.
The show is set in a hospital that houses both Western and Eastern medicine traditions. Seung-hyun and Doo-hyun are brothers and geniuses—Doo-hyun is a neurosurgeon, while Seung-hyun is the Oriental medicine specialist. The two, along with each their own friends and teams, will compete ferociously with each other because of their different views on medicine, but also come together to help save patients’ lives.

</doc>
<doc id="36860671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860671" title="Iolaus nolaensis">
Iolaus nolaensis

Iolaus nolaensis is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo, Tanzania and Zambia.
The larvae feed on "Agelanthus subulatus", "Agelanthus sansibarensis", "Agelanthus tanganyikae" and "Agelanthus scassellatii".

</doc>
<doc id="36860724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860724" title="Iolaus normani">
Iolaus normani

Iolaus normani, Norman’s Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea and Nigeria. The habitat consists of dry forests in Guinea savanna.
Adults of both sexes mud-puddle.

</doc>
<doc id="36860763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860763" title="Ayak Thiik">
Ayak Thiik

Ayak Thiik (also known as, "Ayak Tracks") is a South Sudanese singer-songwriter and vocal producer. Ayak Thiik is primarily known for writing hit songs and appearing on vocals for artists like Cee Lo Green, James Morrison ("You Make It Real"), Chip ("Until You Were Gone"), Tinchy Stryder ("Never Leave You and "In My System"), and Dappy ("No Regrets" and "Rockstar"), among others.
Ayak Thiik was signed to Sony ATV music publishing, but as of Dec 2012 inked a deal with BMG Chrysalis UK.
Background.
Ayak Thiik’s love for music was evident at an early age, and she was able to sing long before she was able to talk. Ayak Thiik had signed a record deal with German record label Stereo Wonderland, Polydor, Universal and recorded an album – making her the first Sudanese artist to be signed by a major label worldwide. Thiik entered and won the Princes Trust Urban Music Festival’s – Unsigned Talent Search, in the United Kingdom. She ultimately won a spot in a line-up which featured hip-hop royalty Jay-Z and Beyoncé, as well as Alicia Keys and a host of top UK artists.
Song writing and vocal production.
In 2006, Ayak Thiik wrote and featured on the Cincinnati native hip-hop producer Hi-Tek's sophomore album, ""'’. The track "Can we Go back" also featured Talib Kweli. Since then she has ventured into the house music world, working with German producers Milk & Sugar. Her dance music collaborations with Milk & Sugar have clocked up two consecutive UK chart toppers at number 1 and 2. Thiik’s house music endeavors have taken her as far a field as Brazil, Singapore, Moscow, Russia and Lebanon.
Having spent 18 months working on her song writing, she was offered a deal and signed by Takeover Entertainment. She has penned songs for Kelly Rowland, Mica Paris, Esmée Denters, JLS, Chip, Tinchy Stryder, The Wanted, Alexandra Burke, Lemar and Roc Nation’s signed Bridget Kelly, among others.
Her vocals have also appeared on Tinchy Stryder "Never Leave You" – "Catch 22" album, "In My System", "Take the World" – "Third Strike" album, Kylie Minogue’s "Everything is beautiful" – "Aphrodite" album, James Morrison’s "You Make It Real – "Songs For You Truths For Me" album, Cheryl Cole’s "Stand up" – "3 Words" album, Cee-Lo Green’s "Satisfied" – "The Lady killer" album, among others.
In 2010, Thiik gained her first UK singles chart record as co-writer on Chip's "Until You Were Gone" featuring Esmée Denters. This went into the UK singles charts as at #3. She also co-wrote Tinchy Stryder's #10 hit "In My System", on which she also appeared on vocals but not the music video.
Solo career.
Ayak Thiik recorded and released a studio album entitled, Voices In My Head. Her list of musical achievements continues. Ayak Thiik was featured on Liberty Bell Jolly Good TV SKY Arts 'Song Book' show by chance, after coming to the rescue of her hero and arguably the most successful song writer of current generation Diane Warren who wrote the hits "Un-Break My Heart" (1996) by Toni Braxton, "How Do I Live Without You" (1997) by LeAnn Rimes, "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing (1998) by Aerosmith, and for many other artists. Taken aback by Ayak Thiik’s voice, Diane Warren has began writing songs for Ayak Thiik and is determined to make her a star in her own right. A documentary chronicling this will be filmed by the same production team.
Selected production and writing credits.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="36860776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860776" title="Iolaus nursei">
Iolaus nursei

Iolaus nursei is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in south-western Saudi Arabia and Yemen.

</doc>
<doc id="36860778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860778" title="Tupe">
Tupe

Tupe can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36860782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860782" title="PrinterOn">
PrinterOn

PrinterOn is a multinational company headquartered in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada. It provides public and private cloud printing solutions.
Company.
PrinterOn was started in 2000. It provides mobile printing solutions to four different verticals: enterprise, education, public and home. PrinterOn uses cloud technology to enable users to print documents from smartphones, laptops or tablets to any PrinterOn enabled printer in the world.
PrinterOn-enabled printers each have a unique identifier. Users can send an e-mail to the printer’s email address, upload a document to a web-based Print Portal, or submit a print job from the their device. After submission, a secure release code is sent to the user. The print job is only printed when the user manually enters the code in the keypad attached to the printer. If the print job is not free then payment can be made using a PayPal account or another third party billing solutions.
Applications.
PrinterOn has developed applications for various devices, including Android, iOS and BlackBerry. Printers connected to Windows PCs can be added to the PrinterOn network. The company has partnered with Hewlett Packard and Ricoh to allow their printers to work with PrinterOn. PrinterOn has also partnered up with Provisio to add remote printing capabilities to public access computers in business centers, hotel lobies or any other place where users want to remotely send print jobs from their mobile devices directly to a PrinterOn-enabled printer that is connected to the SiteKiosk PC without having to connect to a secure network or download drivers.

</doc>
<doc id="36860790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860790" title="Māris (name)">
Māris (name)

Māris is a Latvian masculine given name and may refer to:
See also.
Maris

</doc>
<doc id="36860794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860794" title="2013 British Touring Car Championship season">
2013 British Touring Car Championship season

The 2013 Dunlop MSA British Touring Car Championship was a multi-event motor racing championship for production based touring car racing cars held across England and Scotland. The championship features a mix of professional motor racing teams and privately funded amateur drivers competing in highly modified versions of Family cars which are sold to the general public and conform to the technical regulations for the championship. It is one of the most popular domestic motor racing series in the United Kingdom, with an extensive program of support categories built up around the BTCC centrepiece. It was be the 56th British Touring Car Championship (BTCC) season.
This was the third season that cars conforming to the Next Generation Touring Car (NGTC) specification will be allowed to compete and the first season since the end of the phased transition from the Super 2000 specification which saw the organising body, TOCA, maintain a performance equalisation between the two chassis specifications. The season saw teams compete with car chassis built to either NGTC or S2000 specification although the NGTC cars had a significant performance advantage over the S2000 cars by giving NGTC cars a significant increase in the turbo boost pressures which they are allowed to run. Teams can choose to use the NGTC 2.0 litre turbocharged engine, or S2000 2.0 litre Naturally aspirated engine. Teams with S2000 cars were eligible for the newly introduced S2000 trophy named after the winner of the inaugural British Saloon Car Championship in 1958, Jack Sears, known as the Jack Sears Trophy, of which Sears himself awarded to the top S2000 finisher of the year – Lea Wood – at the final round at Brands Hatch based on the amount of S2000 wins (known as 'cups') over the season.
The British Formula Ford Championship returned to the support race timetable in 2013.
Season report.
Qualifying for the first race of 2013 started in sunny and cold conditions. The low track temperature caused a few early warm up incidents with several cars sliding off the track culminating in a red flag, after two minutes, for a collision between the spun Colin Turkington and Jack Goff. As the session restarted and drivers began to get heat into the tyres, the times started to tumble with Andrew Jordan setting the fastest time which would become the first pole position of the season after deteriorating track conditions due to a snow shower prevented drivers from improving their times.
The opening race of the season saw a race long battle between Jason Plato and Andrew Jordan which culminated in Jordan making a last lap dive up the inside of Plato on the final corner. Both Plato and Jordan went of into the gravel, however both drivers were able to recover with Plato winning from Jordan and the fast starting Rob Austin rounding off the podium. Elsewhere the championship campaign got off to a bad start for the Honda pair, after both Matt Neal and Gordon Shedden had to make unscheduled pit stops, finishing out of the points. Race two was also won by Jason Plato, with Andrew Jordan repeating his race 1 second place and Jordan's Pirtek Racing teammate Jeff Smith rounding off the podium. Shedden had originally finished the race third, however post race scrutineers found that he was running below the minimum ride height. Race three began with a big crash for Rob Austin on lap two after Dave Newsham spun coming down Paddock Hill Bend, tagging the back of Austin's Audi and sending him spinning into the barrier. After a safety car period, Matt Neal took the lead and went on to win the race from his teammate Shedden who had to race through from the back of the grid.
In the Jack Sears Trophy, Liam Griffin took two wins with James Kaye taking the other.
Qualifying was between two drivers, Gordon Shedden and Frank Wrathall with both drivers swapping fastest lap times in the last minutes of the session. Shedden though was able to beat Wrathall's fastest time as the session came to a close to claim his first pole position since Oulton Park in 2011.
The day's first race was a lights to flag victory for Shedden who was pushed all the way however by Andrew Jordan who finished second. Third was Matt Neal, making it a Honda Civic lock-out of the podium. Race two of the day had two very special milestones for two drivers. Jason Plato celebrated his 400th race in the BTCC, whilst Matt Neal celebrated his 500th race. Both Plato and Neal ran the numbers 400 and 500 respectively in this race, which was won by Andrew Jordan, from Plato and Shedden. The reverse grid of race three allowed front row starter Colin Turkington take his first win since Snetterton in 2009 and the maiden win for the new eBay Motors BMW 125i. Shedden and Neal finished second and third respectively whilst Plato struggled with the softer tyre, finishing down in eighth.
In the Jack Sears Trophy, James Kaye took his second cup of the season, whilst Joe Girling and Lea Wood both took their first cup.
Andrew Jordan secured his second pole position of the year at the track where he also claimed pole 12 months ago, whilst Gordon Shedden and Matt Neal made it a Honda lock-out of the first three grid slots.
Race seven of the season took place in hot and sunny conditions. There was an opening lap mishap for Shedden, when he made contact with Jason Plato at the complex, sending him slamming into the barrier. Despite this, Shedden was able to continue and finished the race at the back of the field. Pole sitter Andrew Jordan lead from the start and looked good for the win. However with half a lap to go, his front left tyre suffered a puncture sending him off into the grass and having to limp home to finish 11th. This promoted Matt Neal to the lead and gave him his second win of the season. Plato finished second with a hard charging Tom Onslow-Cole finishing third in his Volkswagen CC. Race two was also won by Matt Neal after leading from the start. Onslow-Cole improved to second place, achieving PPCGB.com/Kraftwerk Racing's best result to date. Shedden and Jordan both recovered from starting down the field to finish third and fourth respectively with Plato in fifth. The final race of the day had more tyre troubles for the race leader. With two laps to go, Jason Plato's MG6 GT suffered a puncture which would see him drop to the back of the field. This allowed Shedden to take his first win of the day ahead of Matt Neal and Andrew Jordan. This meant that Matt Neal left Thruxton the championship leader, with Andrew Jordan and Jason Plato in second and third ahead of defending champion Gordan Shedden in fourth.
In the Jack Sears Trophy, Lea Wood took two class wins to add to his Donnington win with Liam Griffin taking a class win, extending his tally to three cups.
In the buildup to round four, AmD Tuning.com announced that Aaron Mason would make his BTCC debut, replacing James Kaye who had a business commitment. Qualifying for race ten of the season saw the MG KX Momentum Racing team secure a front row lock-out with team leader Jason Plato starting on pole from rookie teammate Sam Tordoff.
After such a strong qualifying, in came as no surprise that the MG pair we able to convert their front row lock-out into a one-two lights to flag victory for Plato, with Tordoff second in race ten. During the second race of the day, Plato was able to once again win with another lights to flag run, this time ahead of Gordon Shedden and Colin Turkington respectively. However, Tordoff was unable to replicate his first race form. After choosing the soft tyre, he quickly lost grip and stated dropping down the order to finish outside the points, after contact with Mat Jackson. The final race of the day saw action from the very start. The first half of the race saw a fight for the lead between Rob Austin and Jeff Smith, with Austin taking an early lead until lap 8 when Smith passed him after some contact. However, problems for the title contenders began on lap 4 with Plato retiring in the pits with an engine fire and a lap later, Shedden's hopes of a strong finish were dashed after his Honda Yuasa Racing Team Civic suffered a puncture. Smith looked like he could take his first win until on lap 12, he lost it under braking at Knickerbrook, spinning the car round. This allowed his Pirtek Racing teammate, Andrew Jordan, to take his second win of the season, narrowly beating home eBay Motors Colin Turkington.
In the Jack Sears Trophy, Lea Wood took another two class wins with Liam Griffin again taking a class win, extending his tally to four cups, one behind leader Wood on five.
In the buildup to Croft, Addison Lee Racing announced two driver changes. Jake Hill replaced Liam Griffin for this round, who had business commitments, and he was joined by Michael Caine in a brand new NGTC Ford Focus. Colin Turkington took his first pole position since his last back in 2009 at the same venue and the first pole for the new BMW 125i M Sport. He narrowly beat Jason Plato in a red flag affected session caused by the returning Joe Girling, who crashed at the chicane.
The first race of the day saw Turkington convert his pole into a dominant lights to flag victory ahead of the Honda pairing of Matt Neal and Gordon Shedden respectively. Rain fell during the buildup to the day's second race, leading to a mix of tyre strategies on the grid. At the start, the MG KX Momentum Racing, running on wet tyres, took a large lead from the slick shod cars around them. However, it soon became apparent that the track wasn't getting wetter, but was starting to dry and as the cars running slicks gained heat and confidence in the tyres, they soon caught and passed Plato and Sam Tordoff who slowly dropped down to finish outside the points. At the front, it was Turkington who once again mastered the tricky conditions to win the race from Shedden in second and Tom Onslow-Cole in an impressive third for PPCGB.com/Kraftwerk Racing. The weather would again affect the final race of the day. However this time, there was no doubt which tyres you needed to be on, after heavy rain began to fall. Matt Neal won the race after taking the lead from Nick Foster on lap three, however it wasn't plain sailing. On the final lap, Neal ran wide at two corners, allowing the hat-trick searching Colin Turkington to close right up onto the back bumper of Neal's Honda Civic leaving Neal a winning margin of only 0.6 seconds over Turkington. Andrew Jordan rounded out the podium in third with Shedden a distant fourth. Plato and Tordoff recovered from the poor tyre choice in race two to finish sixth and seventh respectively.
In the Jack Sears Trophy, debutant Jake Hill scored a class win in his maiden outing. David Nye's hard work this year was rewarded by a win in race two and Lea Wood extended his cup lead with victory in the final race of the day.
During the summer break, there were several team changes announced for Snetterton. James Kaye and Warren Scott remained with their respective teams, but changed cars. Kaye swapped his Volkswagen Golf for a Super 2000 Honda Civic. Scott, traded in his S2000 SEAT León for a Next Generation Touring Car Volkswagen CC. Andy Neate finally made his season debut with his home run NGTC Chevrolet Cruze. after several aborted debuts during the season. American Robb Holland also returned, at the circuit he made his BTCC debut in 2012, with RCIB Insurance Racing.
Sam Tordoff took his first pole position in the British Touring Car Championship with Jason Plato second making it a MG KX Momentum Racing front–row lock-out.
Tordoff converted his first pole position into his first race victory in the first race of the day, leading home team–mate Plato. Andrew Jordan took a controversial win in race two when he made contact with then race leader Colin Turkington to take the lead. Matt Neal finished second behind his nearest championship rival while Aron Smith claimed the first podium of the season for Airwaves Racing. Plato had led early on before he retired with fuel pump problems. Gordon Shedden won race three in equally controversial circumstances, Turkington had again found himself leading the race when he was tapped into a spin by Shedden. Plato had a dramatic end to his weekend when he spun off on the approach to Hamilton, clipping the barrier and barrel rolling his MG. Jordan and Shedden later had points added to their licences for their moves on Turkington.
In the Jack Sears Trophy, Lea Wood claimed victory in all three races to extend his lead in the trophy standings.
RCIB Insurance Racing brought in Scottish Legends racer Kieran Gallagher to replace Jack Goff who was missing the Knockhill round for financial reason. Paul O'Neill made his return to the championship in the car raced by Robb Holland at Snetterton. Renault Clio Cup United Kingdom driver Mike Bushell made his championship with Team Club 44, replace team owner Andy Neate. Finesse Motorsport entered the championship with a Super 2000 Chevrolet Cruze LT for series newcomer Aiden Moffat who at 16 years, 10 months and 28 days would become the youngest starter in the British Touring Car Championship, beating the record set by Tom Chilton in 2002.
Rob Austin claimed his first British Touring Car Championship pole position, edging out eBay Motors' Colin Turkington. Andrew Jordan qualified third but took a six–place grid penalty for accumulating three reprimands during the season.
Colin Turkington took victory in race one having passed Austin, who went on to finish third behind local hero Gordon Shedden, on the opening lap. Turkington took victory again in race two with Austin second ahead of Shedden. Jordan won from pole in race three to beat his championship rival Matt Neal who was second. Neal's teammate Shedden retired from the race when he was running fifth when his car caught fire due to an engine failure. Turkington was later excluded from race three when his car was found to have exceeded the maximum boost allowance.
In the Jack Sears Trophy, Liam Griffin took class wins in the first two races, he retired from the third race allowing Lea Wood to add to his tally of cups.
On the championship's return to England, Jack Goff returned to RCIB Insurance Racing with Howard Fuller returning to the team at the track where he made his championship debut in 2012. Tom Onslow-Cole left Team HARD. to join Airwaves Racing, his seat in the Volkswagen CC was taken by VW Cup racer Andy Wilmot.
Jason Plato led an MG KX Momentum Racing 1–2 in qualifying with Knockhill pole–sitter Rob Austin in third.
Plato had a slow start away from pole and Andrew Jordan made a good start from fourth to jump up into the lead at the first hairpin. Jeff Smith went off the track further around the opening lap while up ahead there was a collision when Will Bratt spun and collected Adam Morgan, there was then a separate collision between Daniel Welch, Tom Onslow-Cole and Andy Neate which saw Howard Fuller go off the track to avoid the stranded cars. When the race resumed after the safety car period on lap 7, Matt Neal spun on the restart to drop towards the back of the field and climbed back up to 14th but lost the championship lead to race winner Jordan. In race two Austin jumped ahead of Jordan and Mat Jackson at the start and led every lap to claim his first race win in the British Touring Car Championship. Jordan was struggling with the extra weight in the car following his race one victory, he dropped down the order and was running behind championship rival Neal until both Rob Collard and Neal went off at the first hairpin. Neal retired from the race and the title advantage returned to Jordan and Shedden who was running second. Jordan was drawn on pole position for the final race of the day, he held the lead at the start of the race as Turkington moved up into 7th place. The first lap saw Jack Goff slide and take out Collard while trying to avoid an also sliding Jeff Smith, bringing out the safety car. After the safety car restart Jordan held on to win the race, Neal climbed from the back of the grid to finish 7th.
In the Jack Sears Trophy, Lea Wood deprived David Nye of victory in race one on the final lap after starting from the pit lane. Wood claimed victory again in race two and race three to secure the Jack Sears Trophy for 2013.
Aiden Moffat returned to the championship having missed the previous round, he joined PPCGB.com/Kraftwerk Racing to drive their Volkswagen CC for the final two rounds of the season.
As was the case at Rockingham, qualifying saw Jason Plato lead an MG KX Momentum Racing 1–2 on the grid for race one.
The MG drivers converted their front row lock-out into first and second in the race, Plato leading home Sam Tordoff. The race was interrupted by a safety car period early on after a collision at the end of the first lap between Andy Neate, Nick Foster and Will Bratt. Race two saw Plato claim his 80th BTCC victory in another safety car interrupted race, championship leader Andrew Jordan on soft tyres finished a close 2nd after starting 6th. Jordan briefly held the lead before Plato fought back and retook the place, Aron Smith meanwhile closed in on both of them to finish third. Matt Neal was on pole for race three but he was quickly passed by Colin Turkington who started second. Turkington led until the race restarted after a one–lap safety car period to recover debris on the circuit when Gordon Shedden and Aron Smith got past. Turkington's race ended on lap 21 when he spun at Copse and broke the rear suspension on his BMW. Shedden claimed victory to ensure he stayed in contention to retain his title.
In the Jack Sears Trophy, provisional champion Lea Wood claimed victory in all three races; he was the only entrant in race three when Liam Griffin was unable to start.
Teams and drivers.
The entry list for the season was released on 21 March 2013.
Race calendar and results.
The provisional calendar was announced by the championship organisers on 29 August 2012, with no major changes from 2012.
Championship standings.
The 2012 season introduced a revised championship points system in which the top 15 cars will score championship points, this will continue in the 2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36860808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860808" title="Bluradio">
Bluradio

Blu Radio is a radio station in Bogotá, Colombia, owned by Caracol TV.
In July 2012, Caracol TV leased HJMD (the frequency of Melodía FM Estéreo, an easy listening station) from Cadena Melodía, in order to create a news radio station. Test broadcasts started soon after, with a soft AC format and simulcasting "Noticias Caracol".
Bluradio started definitive broadcasts 6 September 2012. The news director is "Noticias Caracol" presenter Juan Roberto Vargas, and the morning news programme will be presented by Néstor Morales, former Caracol Radio personality.
Its main competitors are W Radio, La FM, Caracol Radio, and RCN Radio.
Programming.
Bluradio's schedule is similar to other FM talk stations in Bogotá, mainly W Radio and Caracol Radio: on weekdays, a news/debate morning show, a local programme on midday, variety and sports (mainly football) on the afternoons, and a simulcast of "Noticias Caracol" and a programme devoted to technology and internet on the evenings. Weekends include a morning show, sports programming (again, mainly football), and music. 
Affiliates.
Bluradio's owners intend to build a national radio network, whose flagship will be Bogotá's HJMD. 
These stations rebroadcast at least part of the Bluradio programming:
(When mentioned, the second city listed is the actual city of licence).

</doc>
<doc id="36860853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860853" title="List of heritage places in Fremantle">
List of heritage places in Fremantle

List of heritage places in the City of Fremantle based on the State Heritage Office register.

</doc>
<doc id="36860874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860874" title="VK Radnički Kragujevac">
VK Radnički Kragujevac

Vaterpolo klub Radnički Kragujevac () is a water polo club from Kragujevac, Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="36860882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860882" title="Hetty Balkenende">
Hetty Balkenende

Hetty Balkenende (also spelled Hettie, born c. 1939) is a former freestyle swimmer and synchronized swimmer from the Netherlands who won a silver medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1954 European Aquatics Championships. In 1955, she helped the Dutch team to set the world record in the same event; she also won two national titles (100 m and 400 m freestyle), and broke two national records in the 400 m freestyle – all in one year.
After retiring from competitive swimming she switched to synchronized swimming and competed at the 1963 European Championships. She married Jens Svensson on 15 April 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="36860895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860895" title="Blu Radio">
Blu Radio

Blu Radio may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36860909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860909" title="FIFA International Match Calendar">
FIFA International Match Calendar

The FIFA International Match Calendar (sometimes abbreviated as the FIFA Calendar) is an outline agreement between FIFA, the seven continental football federations, European Club Association and FIFPro.
The match calendar sets out which dates can be used for 'Official matches' and 'Friendly matches'. The current dates are five: late March, early June, early September, early October and early November. It also determines when international competitions such the AFC Asian Cup, Copa América, CONCACAF Gold Cup, UEFA European Championship, FIFA Confederations Cup and the FIFA World Cup can take place. The OFC Nations Cup is not listed on the international match calendar.
Official matches have a release period of 4 days, which means that players can take up to 4 days away from club duties to partake in national team duties. If a player participates in an official match on another continent than his club's, the release period is 5 days. Friendly matches are deemed less important and the release period is 48 hours.
FIFA insist that official and friendly matches should take precedent over domestic matches, however they state that international friendlies that take place outside of the designated dates do not.
European Club Association dispute.
The European Club Association, a union for the elite European football clubs are unhappy with the lack of compensation given to the clubs by the international associations.
At the 2010 FIFA World Cup, £40million was paid to clubs as compensation. An article from Daily Telegraph in February 2012 suggested that the European Club Association want a figure six times as much. The European Clubs have spoken of not agreeing to the 2014 onwards agreement of the FIFA calendar until the issue is resolved.
The ECA President, German Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said "Unfortunately, discussions with the FIFA president have failed to lead to a satisfactory outcome which takes account of the clubs' demands."
In March 2012, FIFA released a press release showing that Rummennigge had been invited to a summit but failed to attend.

</doc>
<doc id="36860911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860911" title="HarmoKnight">
HarmoKnight

HarmoKnight, known in Japan as , is a rhythm platformer developed by Game Freak as a downloadable title for the Nintendo 3DS. It is the first non-"Pokémon" game developed by Game Freak since 2005's "Drill Dozer". The game was released on the Nintendo eShop in Japan on September 5, 2012 and in Europe and North America on March 28, 2013.
Plot.
On a musical planet known as Melodia, a boy named Tempo is training alongside his rabbit companion, Tappy. One day, a meteor crash lands on Melodia, bringing with it the evil Gargan and his army of Noizoids, who start disrupting peace on the planet. Discovering a mysterious note staff capable of fighting off the Noizoids, Tempo is sent by his master, Woodwin, to travel to Symphony City to deliver the note to someone with the potential to become a HarmoKnight. Along the way, he meets an archer named Lyra, a buff warrior named Tyko and his monkey companion, Cymbi. Upon arriving in Symphony City however, its princess, Ariana, is kidnapped by Gargan, who puts its citizens into slumber. It is now up to Tempo and his companions to fight against the Noizoids and save the princess.
Gameplay.
Players control a young boy named Tempo as he travels through automatically scrolling levels. The main gameplay is limited to two buttons, the B button for jumping and the A button to swing Tempo's staff. The aim of each level is to gather as many notes as possible, either found throughout the level or earned by hitting enemies and optional percussion plants. These actions correspond with the rhythm of the music. Players can also charge up their staff to earn extra notes when hitting enemies. Many of these levels feature multiple routes which the player can take to achieve a higher score or locate hidden bonuses such as Pinklefs. If Tempo is hit by an enemy or obstacle, he will lose a heart, failing the level if he loses all his hearts or falls down a pit, though he can regain hearts by cracking open eggs found in stages. At the end of each stage, the player will earn a grade based on how many notes they gathered, along with Royal Notes used to access new areas on the world map. If the player receives a Great grade on a level, a faster version of that level is unlocked. Levels have varying themes, including levels presented in 3/4 time and levels where the speed changes. Some segments will switch control over to other characters, such as Lyra who uses a crossbow and Tyko who deals with high and low enemies, whilst others see Tempo riding in a special cart. Levels soon culminate in various boss fights, which require Tempo to repeat actions issued by the enemy. The game also features bonus stages featuring music from the "Pokémon" series.
Development.
"Harmoknight" came about after Game Freak underwent a change in its internal structure, allowing staff members to initiate new projects whilst still being able to work on the "Pokémon" franchise. The game was created by James Turner, who developed the idea from a desire to create a simple action platformer, which soon developed into a rhythm platformer. Producer Shigeru Ohmori was later brought onto the project, helping to expand on the gameplay.
The game was announced during a Nintendo Direct presentation on August 29, 2012, with a playable demo released on the Japanese Nintendo eShop shortly afterwards. The game was later announced for an upcoming release in North America, as well as a March 2013 release for Europe. A demo was released on the North American Nintendo eShop on March 14, 2013.
Reception.
"HarmoKnight" has received generally positive reviews so far with a 73% rating on Metacritic. IGN gave the game a score of 8.5, calling it 'a must-have eShop game for any Nintendo fan who enjoys some well-needed harmony.' ComputerAndVideoGames.com gave the game a score of 7.6, praising its satisfying gameplay and charming presentation, whilst criticising unforgiving timing and a limited lifespan. Edge gave the game 8/10, praising its music and presentation whilst noting that grading is a little too forgiving sometimes. Destructoid gave the game 9/10, calling it 'a mashup of all the best bits of past rhythm genre greats.' Nintendo Insider awarded the game 92%, saying that it proved a "blistering ride."

</doc>
<doc id="36860933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860933" title="Urik River">
Urik River

The Urik () is a river in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. It is a tributary of the Bolshaya Belaya River.

</doc>
<doc id="36860939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860939" title="Maine State Route 107">
Maine State Route 107

State Route 107 is a short route from Baldwin to Bridgton. The entire route is in Cumberland County.
Route description.
State Route 107 (SR 107) begins where SR 11 branches away from SR 113 in Baldwin. Concurrent with SR 11, SR 107 follows Sebago Road north between Woods Millpond and Sand Pond to an intersection with Savage Road, where the concurrency with SR 11 ends and SR 11's designation follows Savage Road northeast. SR 107 then follows Bridgton Road to Long Hill Road, where it nears Sebago. SR 107 turns northeast away from the nearby Sebago Lake, passing Peabody Pond and Hancock Pond. The route then turns north again, terminating at Meadow Road, which carries the designation SR 117, in Bridgton.

</doc>
<doc id="36860967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860967" title="Moonbeam Children's Book Awards">
Moonbeam Children's Book Awards

Presented by Jenkins Group and IndependentPublisher.com, the Moonbeam Children’s Book Awards were created in 2007 to bring increased recognition to exemplary children’s books and their creators, and to support childhood literacy and lifelong reading. 
Honors are given in 39 categories covering the full range of subjects, styles and age groups that children’s books are written and published in today. The annual award is intended to bring increased recognition to exemplary children’s books and their creators, and to support childhood literacy and lifelong reading. Books must be written in English and intended for the North American market.

</doc>
<doc id="36860968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860968" title="Andy Hardy's Double Life">
Andy Hardy's Double Life

"Andy Hardy's Double Life" is a 1942 comedy film directed by George B. Seitz. It is the thirteenth installment of MGM's Andy Hardy film series starring Mickey Rooney as the title character. The film marks the feature film debut of Esther Williams.
Plot.
Preparing himself for college life, Andy Hardy (Mickey Rooney) promises himself to put an end to his flirting ways and attempts to organize his finances by selling his old car. Things become complicated when his love interest Polly (Ann Rutherford) introduces him to a seductive psychology student (Esther Williams), while his friends continue to delay the payment for his automobile. Andy also tries his best to help his sister Marian (Cecilia Parker) with her own relationship problems and takes an interest in assisting his father Judge Hardy (Lewis Stone) with a complicated case involving an injured boy (Bobby Blake).
Reception.
According to MGM records the film earned $1,782,000 in the US and Canada and $865,000 elsewhere, making a profit of $1,499,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36860971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860971" title="Yakala.co">
Yakala.co

yakala.co is a Turkish group buying website founded in 2010.
A subsidiary of Hürriyet, the site specializes in offering daily deals in 6 major cities. yakala.co is currently ranked within the first 500 Turkish websites by Alexa.
In 2010, the company was awarded two Golden Mixx awards by the Turkish leg of Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB). 

</doc>
<doc id="36860973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860973" title="Mike Kenny (swimmer)">
Mike Kenny (swimmer)

Mike Kenny, MBE (born 30 January 1945) is a retired British swimmer. He won 16 gold medals and two silvers over four Paralympic Games making him the most successful British Paralympian of all time. He twice retained his gold medals in three swimming events, breaking numerous world records in the process.
Biography.
Michael Joseph Kenny was born on 30 January 1945. Kenny was an engineer in the nuclear power industry and in 1971, while working a shift as a favour for a friend, he fell from the ladder he was using to work on a metal rig. He landed on his heels and the force was sent straight up his spine to his neck causing permanent damage and paralysing him. He began swimming as part of the recovery process.
While competing at the Toronto 1976 Paralympic Games, Kenny shared a room with future International Paralympic Committee (IPC) president Philip Craven, in Canada's York University, where the British athletes were housed. He did not attend York University in the UK, as is often mistakenly asserted.
Kenny is the most successful British Paralympian having won 16 individual gold medals and two team relay silver medals. His achievements were not fully recognised at the time because the IPC and the British Paralympic Association were not established until 1989 and the results were not compiled until after Kenny had retired. Wheelchair racer Tanni Grey-Thompson was given the title of Britain's most prolific Paralympian until the discovery of Kenny's successes. Regarding Grey-Thompson, Kenny has said:
"It's been suggested I am annoyed because she has all the glory. But that's not true. She is a smashing ambassador for the Paralympic movement and I have never had a cross word with her in my life."
Kenny has been a local magistrate in Salford, Manchester since 1993. He initially applied to become a magistrate upon his retirement from sport in 1988, but had to wait four years for step-free access to be installed. Kenny received an MBE for his services to paraplegic sport at Buckingham Palace on 7 November 1989.
Swimming results.
In 1973, Kenny started competing at national level, entering his first Paralympics in 1976 in Toronto. He took part in three 25 m class 1A swimming events (backstroke, breaststroke, and freestyle) winning gold in each of them and taking the world record in the freestyle and backstroke events. He defended all three titles in 1980 and once again broke the freestyle and backstroke world records. In 1984 he again won gold in those three events, breaking the world records in each one. He also won the 3 × 25 m individual medley and was part of the Great Britain relay team who won silver in the 3 × 25 m freestyle relay. He repeated his successes in 1988 winning five individual golds and a relay silver but did not improve on his times and retired from competitive swimming after the Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36860978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860978" title="St. Francis Xavier Church (Baltimore, Maryland)">
St. Francis Xavier Church (Baltimore, Maryland)

St. Francis Xavier Church is a parish church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Baltimore located in Baltimore, Maryland. The church was popular with the elite class of African-Americans in Baltimore and it claims to be the "first Catholic church in the United States for the use of an all-colored congregation."
History.
The St. Francis Xavier Church was purchased on October 10, 1863 and dedicated on February 21, 1864. The founders of the church were Black Catholic refugees from San Domingo, along with the Sulpician Fathers. The Sulpician Fathers had fled France in 1790 as refugees of the French Revolution and were affiliated with St. Mary's Seminary. On July 11, 1791, six ships from the French fleet arrived at Fell's Point, Baltimore, bringing a large number of Black Roman Catholic refugees from Cape Francois in the French colony of San Domingo. There were between 500 and 1,000 Black refugees, both slaves and free. The majority of the free Black refugees were educated and wealthy. When the Black refugees first settled in Baltimore they attended Mass in the basement of St. Mary's Seminary. Both the Sulpicians and the Haitian refugees spoke French. In 1828, Haitian women refugees founded the Oblate Sisters of Providence, a Catholic religious institute for African-American women. The Oblate Sisters were the first all-Black order of Roman Catholic nuns.
St. Francis Xavier's remains an African American parish and is affiliated with both the Jesuits and the Josephites.

</doc>
<doc id="36860982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860982" title="Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual pursuit (LC 3–4/CP 3)">
Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual pursuit (LC 3–4/CP 3)

The women's individual pursuit (LC 3–4/CP 3) event in cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics took place on 10 September at the Laoshan Velodrome.
Preliminaries.
Q = Qualifier
WR = World Record

</doc>
<doc id="36860986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860986" title="Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.">
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.

"Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., or simply Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.", is an American television series created for ABC by Joss Whedon, Jed Whedon, and Maurissa Tancharoen, based on the Marvel Comics organization S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division), a fictional peacekeeping and spy agency in a world populated with superheroes and numerous supernatural phenomena. The series is produced by ABC Studios, Marvel Television, and Mutant Enemy and is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, sharing continuity with the films in that franchise. It revolves around the character of Phil Coulson, with Clark Gregg reprising his role from the film series.
"Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." was renewed for a second season on May 8, 2014.
Premise.
Following his apparent death at the hands of Loki, S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent Phil Coulson puts together a small team of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents to handle strange new cases. Each case will test the team in cooperation and ingenuity as they try to work together in trying to save the world from threatening, supernatural events on Earth.
Episodes.
Season 2.
On May 8, 2014, the series was renewed for a second season, scheduled to premiere in 2014 of the 2014–15 television season. In June 2014, Clark Gregg stated he believed the season would consist of 22 episodes, shown in a block of 10 episodes, then breaking for "Agent Carter", before airing the remaining 12.
Production.
After The Walt Disney Company purchased Marvel Entertainment in 2009, they announced that a Marvel Television division was being formed. In the following months, various pilots based on comics from Marvel's catalog went into development.
In July 2012, Marvel Television entered into discussions with ABC to do a new show set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, though at that point it was undecided what the show would be. It was described as a kernel of an idea' with a number of scenarios being explored, including a high-concept cop show." In August 2012, it was announced that "Marvel's The Avengers" director Joss Whedon, creator of cult hit shows such as "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Firefly", would be involved in the show's development. A few weeks later ABC ordered a pilot for a show called "S.H.I.E.L.D." to be written and directed by Joss Whedon, with Jed Whedon and Maurissa Tancharoen also writing. Jed Whedon, Tancharoen and Jeffrey Bell would act as the series' showrunners. According to "Entertainment Weekly", Disney CEO Bob Iger greenlit the S.H.I.E.L.D. series after watching the Marvel One-Shot short film "Item 47", about S.H.I.E.L.D. agents pursuing a couple in possession of a Chitauri weapon used in the Battle of New York in "The Avengers".
In April 2013, ABC announced that the show would be titled "Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." and eventually officially picked up the series for a full season. In July 2013, Jed Whedon said the series will work in tandem with the Marvel films, both past and upcoming, saying, “We plan on trying to weave in between the films and try to make them more rewarding on both ends.” Also In July, Maurissa Tancharoen revealed on her Twitter page that Joss Whedon, Jed Whedon, Jeff Bell, Paul Zbyszewski, Monica Owusu-Breen, Brent Fletcher, Lauren LeFranc, Rafe Judkins and Shalisha Francis would be the writers for the series. Additionally, composer Bear McCreary confirmed that he would compose music for the series. In March 2014, the producers stated at the show's PaleyFest panel that they and the writers are able to read the screenplays for upcoming MCU films to know where the universe is heading, which allowed them to form a general plan for the show through the end of a third season, should the show be renewed for such.
The main recurring setting for the series is the Bus, a retrofitted Boeing C-17, that serves as both the transportation and headquarters of the titular team. The Bus includes such features as a soundproof interrogation room, a forensics and research lab located on the lower deck, where Fitz and Simmons work, and a cargo hold directly outside the lab where the team parks its SUV and Lola, Coulson's prized Chevy Corvette.
The series' first tie-in episode with the Marvel Cinematic Universe is in the episode "The Well", which takes place after the events of the 2013 film "". A second tie-in takes place revolving around the events of "Captain America: The Winter Soldier", in the episodes "End of the Beginning" and "Turn, Turn, Turn", which eventually lead to a retooling of the show for the final episodes of season 1. Beginning with "T.A.H.I.T.I.", all episodes leading up to "The Winter Soldier" crossover were part of a series of episodes dubbed "Uprising".
Casting.
In October 2012, Clark Gregg was the first principal cast member announced for the series, reprising his role as Phil Coulson. Over the next two months, Ming-Na Wen was cast as Melinda May, Elizabeth Henstridge and Iain De Caestecker were cast as Jemma Simmons and Leo Fitz, respectively, Brett Dalton was cast as Grant Ward and Chloe Bennet was cast as Skye, rounding out the principal cast for the first season.
Broadcast.
The series has been licensed in 155 countries and territories. It originally premiered on September 24, 2013. CTV announced in June 2013 that they hold the broadcast rights for Canada, and the series debuted alongside the American broadcast. On August 22, 2013, it was confirmed that Channel 4 would air the show in the United Kingdom, and it premiered on September 27, 2013. In Australia, the show premiered on Channel 7 on October 2, 2013, with the broadcast of the first two episodes.
Ratings.
In the United States, the premiere episode of "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." earned a 4.7/14 rating in the 18–49 year old demographic, with 12.12 million total viewers, making it the biggest network drama debut in four years. Though the series debuted to strong ratings against its competition, "NCIS", its ratings declined considerably over the following two months, though it remained Tuesday's top show among men 18–49, and overall was the No. 3 show among upscale young adults behind "Modern Family" and "The Big Bang Theory". It also enjoys DVR recordings that, according to "TV Guide," are "through the roof".
In Canada, the first episode on CTV, which premiered with the United States, saw 2.706 million viewers, earning the third highest viewership for the week on the network. In the United Kingdom, the debut episode three days later on Channel 4 saw the biggest drama launch of the year, averaging 3.23 million viewers including the +1 channel and recordings viewed the same night, or a share of 14.8 percent of people watching TV in the UK at the time. The Seven Network premiere in Australia on October 2, 2013 was watched by 1.3 million viewers, the top show of the night. In New Zealand, the first episode premiered on February 16, 2014 to 326,790 viewers, the fourth highest show of the night, and the most watched show on TV2.
Home media.
The complete first season will be released on September 9, 2014, on Blu-ray and DVD. Bonus features include behind–the–scenes featurettes, audio commentary, deleted scenes, a blooper reel, as well as the television special, "".
Reception.
Before the premiere, the entire pilot was screened at San Diego Comic-Con International in July 2013, and was met with a very positive reaction from the crowd. Critically, the initial screening of the pilot was met with mostly positive reviews. As of September 28, 2013, based on the pilot, the first season has received positive reviews from some critics, and received a Metacritic score of 74 out of 100, based on 32 reviews. IGN gave the pilot an 8.5 out of 10, saying it "quickly hits the right notes to firmly show how it exists on the ground level" of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. "The New York Times" Brooks Barnes felt the storyline in the pilot was hard to follow at times, and did not like the thick accents of De Caestecker and Henstridge. He also added that "what goes over well at Comic-Con does not necessarily work in the real world," especially on a network with ""Scandal" moms and "Dancing with the Stars" grandparents".
"Entertainment Weekly"s initial reactions were that if everything that made the show appealing—its continuity with Marvel Cinematic Universe, its continuance of the "The Avengers" storyline, and Whedon's return to television—were stripped from it, the show would still work. However, they also questioned whether the show was accessible enough to attract a wider audience. "Variety"s Brian Lowry felt that the "pilot picks up where "Avengers" left off, but doesn't pack quite the same punch," adding that the banter "occasionally feels a little precious and clunky."
Jim Steranko, an artist and writer who worked on 18 of the "Nick Fury: Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D." comic books between 1966 and 1968, was critical of the pilot episode, lamenting that "the show had no menace, no tension." For the second episode, Steranko said that it was "too unfocused to be satisfying," but praised Jackson's cameo as Nick Fury as "an electrifying reminder of what the series could and should be." In contrast, Steranko's opinion of some later episodes in the first season were more positive, congratulating the writer and director of "The End of the Beginning" for "finding an entertaining, bravura groove that finally brings the concept to life", and saying of the next episode "I was concerned that last week’s bravura transformation was only a fluke, but it was apparent from the opening moments that the exec lineup’s new image-and-edit policy was in play." Overall, however, he found season 1 to be "22 episodes of 'sanctified' plot and character crumbs being salted with terminally-sluggish velocity (into anemic 'standalone' stories)".
Awards.
In June 2013, the series was awarded, along with five other shows, the Critics' Choice Television Award for Most Exciting New Series. The show received two nominations at the 40th People's Choice Awards, for Favorite New TV Drama, and Ming-Na Wen was nominated for Favorite Actress in a New TV Series. The series was nominated for Best Network Television Series at the 40th Saturn Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="36860987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36860987" title="Stanislav Chalaev">
Stanislav Chalaev

Stanislav Chalaev is a weightlifter from New Zealand. 
At the 2010 Commonwealth Games he won a silver medal in the 105 kg class.

</doc>
<doc id="36861007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861007" title="Profield Contractors">
Profield Contractors

Profield Contractors, also referred to as Profield Contractors Ltd, is a Gibraltar-based construction company founded in 1989. The company has worked on a number of general construction and civil engineering projects in Gibraltar. In August 2012, an employee of the company was one of three men arrested in Spain on suspicion of being members of a terrorist cell.
History.
The construction company Profield Contractors was established in 1989. Also known as Profield Contractors Ltd, the company is based in Gibraltar and owned by John Summerfield. The general building contractor's clients include the Government of Gibraltar, as well as private customers. Included among their projects are general construction works including design-build, and civil engineering works including geotechnical engineering. Their construction projects have ranged from £200,000 to over £6,000,000. Profield Contractors is a government-approved bidder for works of civil engineering and general construction.
Portfolio.
Profield Contractors was one of the companies involved in the renovation of Dudley Ward Tunnel, also known as Dudley Ward Way, and the road approaching it. Gibraltarian Brian Navarro died in February 2002 in a rockfall accident on the road leading to the tunnel, after which the road and tunnel were closed. It was reopened eight years later, on 2 November 2010. The company's involvement in the project commissioned by the government included rockfall mitigation, including a protective canopy over the road approaching the tunnel, earthworks, and infrastructure, as well as building of a new road. Another civil engineering project undertaken by the company is the superstructure for a parking lot to accommodate 1,000 automobiles. The company also engineered the sewage diversion along Devil's Tower Road for Taylor Woodrow. The diversion was necessary for the construction of Filomena House "(see below)". 
The Europa Road Incinerator is a geotechnical engineering project commissioned by the Government of Gibraltar. Profield Contractors was responsible for removal of rocks and installation of rock anchors and catch fences. The government also contracted with the company for the rockfall mitigation works for Cumberland Terraces, a project of affordable homes. This required the permanent installation of a catch fence. 
The company built Gardiners House, an apartment building containing six luxury units, on Gardiners Road. Maida Vale House is a block of five townhouses on Engineer Road. The Catalan Terraces, thirteen townhouses at Catalan Bay, are a third example of general construction. All three examples represent new construction for private developers. In addition, Profield Contractors built the Cliftons for Taylor Woodrow. That project entailed renovation of a portion of the Royal Naval Hospital Gibraltar and its conversion to an apartment building with luxury units, Orchid House. In addition, a new floor was added for two penthouses. New construction in that project included three townhouses and a villa.
Their design-build projects include the Gibraltar Cruise Terminal, a government commission. Construction of the terminal entailed renovation and conversion of an unused warehouse on the Western Arm of the North Mole at Gibraltar Harbour. After the walls of the warehouse were deemed structurally sound, the building was gutted, and given a new floor and roof. White stone walls and sunny, Mediterranean hues give the interior an airy, neoclassical appearance. Bishop Canilla House is an apartment building for the aged, with 84 units, including 14 for residents with special needs. The apartment building for the elderly was also commissioned by the Government of Gibraltar, and opened in 2000. Filomena House, for the developer Taylor Woodrow, is a ten-storey apartment building with 44 apartments. The flats range from studios to penthouses and are located on the east side of Gibraltar. Filomena House represents the first "affordable plus" project developed by Taylor Woodrow. Other examples of design-build projects undertaken by Profield Contractors are the additions to St Anne's School and Bishop Fitzgerald's School, both government contracts, and the addition of a new floor to 237 Main Street for a private client.
Current projects.
In June 2011, the Minister for Housing Fabian Vinet revealed that the contract for the renovation of the exterior of the Governor's Meadow House had been won by Profield Contractors. The contract from the Government of Gibraltar for the building at Alameda Estate is for £1M. The project includes installation of a new roof, windows, and blinds. Another contract that has been awarded by the government is that of management of the eastside reclamation project which also includes a temporary sea wall. The Royal Gibraltar Yacht Club moved from its location at 26 Queensway to temporary premises at 2 Queensway when the mid-harbour reclamation project left the yacht club landlocked in 2009. Profield Contractors has won the contract to construct a new club house and associated facilities on Coaling Island.
Employee alleged terrorist.
Profield Contractors came under scrutiny when one of its employees, Cengiz Yalcin, was arrested with two other men by Spanish authorities on Wednesday, 1 August 2012, on suspicion that they were planning an al-Qaeda terrorist attack.

</doc>
<doc id="36861008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861008" title="Emarginata">
Emarginata

Emarginata, a Latin adjective meaning "deprived of its edge" may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="36861010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861010" title="Governorate of Cuba">
Governorate of Cuba

Since the 16th century the island of Cuba had been under the control of the governor-captain general of Santo Domingo. The conquest of Cuba was organized in 1510 by the recently restored Viceroy of the Indies, Diego Colón, under the command of Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar, who became Cuba's first governor until his death in 1524. 
Velázquez founded the city of Nuestra Señora de la Asunción de Baracoa in 1511 and convoked a general "cabildo" (a local government council) to the own govern of Cuba, which was authorized by the king of Spain. 
Hernán Cortés's Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire was undertaken from Cuba. Cuba was incorporated in New Spain after the conquest of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="36861017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861017" title="Terminal crossbreeding">
Terminal crossbreeding

Terminal crossbreeding is a breeding system used in animal production. It involves two (different) breeds of animal that have been crossbred. The female offspring is then mated with a male (the terminal male) of the third breed producing the terminal crossbred animal.
The first crossbreed produce a superior animal due to hybrid vigor. Often this crossbreed is part of a rotational crossbreeding scheme, it is then called a rotaterminal crossbreeding system if it incorporates terminal crossbreeding. By mating the crossbreed with a third breed farther enhances hybrid vigor.

</doc>
<doc id="36861028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861028" title="South African cricket team in Australia in 2012–13">
South African cricket team in Australia in 2012–13

The South African cricket team toured Australia from 2 November to 3 December 2012. The tour consisted of three Test matches. The test series was preceded by one first class match between the South Africans and the Australian A squad. Michael Clarke became the first man to score four double-centuries in a calendar year, when he passed the 200-run mark in the first innings of the second Test in Adelaide. It was the last series played by former Australian captain Ricky Ponting, who retired after the third Test.
South Africa completed a 1-0 win over Australia after the first two tests were drawn, retaining their number one position in the ICC Test Match rankings.
Squads.
South Africa announced their squad on 10 October 2012 and dropped quick Lonwabo Tsotsobe for all-rounder Rory Kleinveldt. Australia announced a squad for the first test match at the Gabba on 28 October 2012. Brad Haddin was overlooked in favour of the younger Matthew Wade. In a Sheffield Shield match, Shane Watson injured his calf and was ruled out of the first test, and was replaced by Rob Quiney who made his test debut. Dean Elgar replaced JP Duminy after he was injured in the first test.
Test series.
1st Test.
Match Report:
Taking different approaches to the match, South Africa opted to leave spinner Imran Tahir out of the starting eleven, playing debutant fast bowler Rory Kleinveldt and going into the match without a frontline spinner; Australia omitted fourth pace bowler Mitchell Starc in favour of spinner Nathan Lyon. Australian batsman Rob Quiney made his Test debut, replacing Shane Watson who suffered a calf injury in the lead-up to the game.
South Africa won the toss and elected to bat. After losing Graeme Smith early, South Africa batted strongly on Day 1, taking its score to 2/255 before bad light ended play. Alviro Petersen scored 64, and Hashim Amla and Jacques Kallis were not out on 90 and 84 respectively at stumps.
During a warm down activity after stumps, JP Duminy ruptured his left Achilles tendon, leaving him unable to participate in the rest of the match.
Day 2 of the Test match was abandoned without a ball being bowled due to rain. It was the first time since the that a whole day of test cricket had been abandoned in Australia, and the first time since 1983 that it had occurred in a Brisbane Test.
Resuming at 2/255, the partnership between Hashim Amla and Jacques Kallis was reached 165 runs before Amla was dismissed for 104. Kallis (147) added a further 90 runs with Jacques Rudolph (40), before Kallis was dismissed with the score at 4/374. South Africa lost the rest of its wickets for 76 runs, and was all out for 450 shortly after tea. The wickets were shared amongst the Australian bowlers, James Pattinson taking the best figures of 3/93.
Morne Morkel and Dale Steyn took early wickets to reduce Australia to 3/40 inside the first ten overs. Opener Ed Cowan and captain Michael Clarke then recovered to take Australia to 3/111 at stumps.
Australia dominated with the bat on Day 4. Ed Cowan and Michael Clarke batted together until shortly before the tea break, for a fourth wicket partnership of 259, and Cowan made his maiden Test century, before Cowan was dismissed for 136. Clarke and Mike Hussey then batted together through the evening session to take the total to 4/487 at stumps, with Clarke finishing 218*, to score his third double-century of the year. Altogether, Australia scored 376 runs on Day 4, and the only wicket to fall was to a run out.
Australia declared at 5/565 before lunch, with Michael Clarke on 259* and Mike Hussey out for 100, for a lead of 115 runs. South Africa reached 5/166, with Jacques Kallis (49) top scoring, and the match was drawn.
The man of the match award went to Michael Clarke for his unbeaten double century.
2nd Test.
Match Report:
Australia won the toss and elected to bat. South Africa made a surprise change with Vernon Philander out with a sore back and Rory Kleinveldt replacing him. Shane Watson was unable to prove his fitness, which left Australia unchanged.
South Africa took early wickets to reduce Australia to 3/55, before David Warner and Michael Clarke compiled a 155 run partnership. Warner scored his third test century before being dismissed for 119. Clarke and Mike Hussey then added 272 for the fifth wicket; Clarke finished the day on 224 not out, to become the first cricketer to score four double-centuries in a calendar year, and Hussey was dismissed for 103 on the final ball of the day. At stumps Australia was 5/482, the second highest score on the first day of a Test match. Jacques Kallis suffered an upper hamstring injury and could not bowl for the rest of the match.
Australia added 68 runs for its final five wickets on the morning of Day 2 to finish all out for 550, with Clarke dismissed for 230, and James Pattinson scoring a valuable 42. Morne Morkel took 5 wickets for 146 runs.
In reply, South Africa started well with an 138 run opening stand, before Alviro Petersen (54) was run out; Graeme Smith finished the day 111 not out, and South Africa were 2/217 at stumps.
South Africa lost early wickets, including Graeme Smith (122), and collapsed to 7/250. Debutant Faf du Plessis (78) and Jacques Kallis (58) who was batting at No. 9 due to his injury, scored 93 runs for the eighth wicket, and South Africa finished all out for 388, a deficit of 162 runs.
The Australian openers scored 77 runs, before the South African pace attack took 5/26 late in the day. At stumps, Australia was 5/111, a lead of 273 runs.
Australia batted solidly through the morning of Day 4, taking the score to 8/267 before declaring midway through the afternoon session, setting a huge target of 430. Mike Hussey (54) top-scored for Australia. South Africa's was reduced to 4/45 shortly after tea, before AB de Villiers and Faf du Plessis batted very defensively until the end of play. At stumps South Africa was 4/77, scoring at a rate of just 1.5 runs per over, and still needing 353 runs for victory.
South Africa batted with an entirely defensive mindset on Day 5 to save the match, while Australia sought six wickets for victory. An injury to James Pattinson earlier in the match left Australia with only three front-line bowlers for the second innings. By the drinks break in the evening session, Australia had managed only two wickets – de Villiers (33) and Kallis (46) – to leave South Africa 6/233, and to leave du Plessis to bat out the final hour of play with the tail-enders. A fatigued Peter Siddle took two wickets in the final hour, for an innings total of 4/65, but South Africa held on to secure a draw. Du Plessis occupied the crease for a total of 376 deliveries, and scored his maiden Test century (110*) on debut. South Africa's final total was 8/248, scored in 148 overs at a very defensive run rate of 1.67.
Du Plessis was named Man of the Match in his debut test, for his match-saving second innings 110* off 376 deliveries, as well as his first innings score of 78.
3rd Test.
Match Report:
In the lead-up to the third Test, former Australian captain Ricky Ponting announced that he would retire at the end of series. Both countries made several changes to the teams which had finished the second Test three days earlier. For South Africa, debutant batsman Dean Elgar replaced Jacques Rudolph, fast bowler Vernon Philander replaced Rory Kleinveldt, and spinner Robin Peterson replaced Imran Tahir. For Australia, vice captain Shane Watson was back from injury and replaced Rob Quiney; fast bowlers Ben Hilfenhaus and Peter Siddle were rested after heavy workloads in the second Test, and James Pattinson was injured; they were replaced by Mitchell Johnson, Mitchell Starc and debutant John Hastings. This was the first time since 1885 that the Australian team changed its entire seam attack between Tests.
South Africa won the toss and chose to bat. They reached 1/61 before losing two wickets just before lunch, and collapsed to 6/75 after lunch. There was resistance from Francois du Plessis (78 not out) and the tail, and South Africa was dismissed for 225 during the evening session. Australia faced 14 overs before stumps, and lost two early wickets. At stumps Australia was 2/33, trailing by 192 runs.
South Africa made a strong start on Day 2, taking four Australian wickets inside the first hour to reduce Australia to 6/45. Matthew Wade (68) and John Hastings (32) provided resistance, and Australia was dismissed for 163 shortly before tea, a deficit of 62 runs. Dale Steyn (4/40) was South Africa's best bowler, taking three of his four wickets during Australia's first hour collapse. In reply, South Africa dominated the evening session, and at stumps had taken its score to 2/230 in only 38 overs, at a run rate of 6.05, and for an overall lead of 292. Graeme Smith (84) and Hashim Amla (99 not out at stumps) added 178 runs for the second wicket.
Hashim Amla scored his 18th century shortly after the start of play, and South Africa only lost one wicket in the morning session, that of Jacques Kallis (37). After lunch, South Africa completely dominated Australia with Amla (196) and AB de Villiers (169) both scoring big centuries. South Africa batted aggressively after tea, and was bowled out for 569, setting Australia a target of 632 runs to win. Mitchell Starc (6/154) took the first five-wicket haul of his Test career, and Mitchell Johnson took four wickets. The Australian openers survived fourteen overs before stumps and required 592 runs for victory at the end of the day.
South Africa made another good start to the day by taking three wickets before lunch including the one of Ricky Ponting, who was dismissed for just 8 in his final test innings. Wickets continued to fall regularly through the day, and Australia was eventually dismissed for 322 during the evening session. Number ten batsman Mitchell Starc top-scored with 68*; Dale Steyn and Robin Peterson each took three wickets.
The Man of the Match award went to Hashim Amla for his second innings total of 196. The Man of the Series award went to Michael Clarke for his 576 runs in the series which included two double centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="36861032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861032" title="Pēteris">
Pēteris

Pēteris is a Latvian language masculine given name. It is a cognate of the name Peter and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36861043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861043" title="Corby Business Academy">
Corby Business Academy

Corby Business Academy is a school in Corby, Northamptonshire for the ages of 11–18 years. The current principal is Mr John Henrys.
Faculties.
Corby Business Academy is made of five separate faculties relating to a particular subject.
Facilities.
Apart from the faculties, Corby Business Academy have modern facilities including,

</doc>
<doc id="36861045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861045" title="Zhuang Biao">
Zhuang Biao

Zhunag Biao is a Chinese specialized framing method for paintings and calligraphy on rice papers. Materials include: coloured papers, fabrics, threads, wooden sticks, glue and so on.

</doc>
<doc id="36861076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861076" title="Lille Kamøya, Nordkapp">
Lille Kamøya, Nordkapp

Lille Kamøya () is a small island in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. It is located just off the eastern coast of the large island of Magerøya. It lies just to the northwest of the island of Store Kamøya and to the north of the fishing village of Kamøyvær, helping to shelter the latter's harbour from the open sea.

</doc>
<doc id="36861078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861078" title="Kirsana">
Kirsana

Kirsana () is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia. Nearby localities include Al-Shamiyah and Burj Islam to the north, Burj al-Qasab to the southwest and Sitmarkho to the south. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Kirsana had a population of 5,499 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.

</doc>
<doc id="36861087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861087" title="Sergio Pintor">
Sergio Pintor

Sergio Pintor (born 16 November 1937) is bishop emeritus of Ozieri. Msgr Pintor had previously served as director of the CEI's office for the pastoral outreach in health care, during the presidency of Cardinal Ruini. 
After attending the gymnasium at the seminar of the Archbishop of Oristano and the high school and theology at the Regional Seminar of Cuglieri, on 9 July 1961 was ordained a priest for the Diocese of Oristano. In 1969, he graduated in Pastoral Theology from the Pontifical Lateran University in Rome.
In the diocese is assistant pastor of the Cathedral of Oristano (his parish of origin) and diocesan assistant of young men of Catholic Action, and subsequently he served as spiritual director of the seminary Archbishop of Oristano .
From 1970 to 1995 he collaborates with the National Catechetical Office of the CEI for the preparation of new catechisms and for the formation of catechists. On 24 September 1985 he was appointed an honorary prelate of His Holiness.
This has been a consultant to the Pontifical Council for Pastoral Assistance to Health Care Workers.
On 29 September 2006, just before his 69th birthday, Pintor was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Ozieri. Some have noted that is unusually old to receive an episcopal assignment.
On 8 December of the same year received the episcopal consecration by the then apostolic nuncio in Italy Paolo Romeo. In November 2012, Bishop Pintor will submit his resignation to Pope Benedict XVI, via the Congregation for Bishops, having reached 75. His resignation was accepted on December 10, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36861090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861090" title="Rodos Colossi RFC">
Rodos Colossi RFC

Rodos Colossi RFC is a Greek rugby club in the city of Rhodes on the island of Rhodes (Rodos).

</doc>
<doc id="36861092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861092" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 100 metres">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 100 metres

The Women's 100m athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from August 31 to September 8. A total of 14 events were contested over this distance for 14 different classifications.
Results.
T11.
Final
T12.
Final
T13.
Final
T34.
Final
T35.
There were no heats in this event. The final was competed on 7 September 2012 at 19:33.
Final
T36.
Final
T37.
Final
T38.
Final
T42.
There were no heats in this event. The final was competed on 5 September 2012 at 20:49.
Final
T44.
Final
T46.
The T46 category is for athletes who have a single above or below elbow amputation or similar disability, with normal function in both legs.
Final
T52.
There were no heats in this event. The final was competed on 5 September 2012 at 21:24.
Final
T53.
There were no heats in this event. The final was competed on 2 September 2012 at 20:58.
Final
T54.
Final

</doc>
<doc id="36861097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861097" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 200 metres">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 200 metres

The Women's 200m athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from August 31 to September 8. A total of 11 events were contested over this distance for 11 different classifications.
Results.
T11.
The event consisted of 4 heats, 2 semifinals and a final. Results of final:
T12.
The event consisted of 3 heats and a final. Results of final:
T34.
The event consisted of 2 heats and a final. Results of final:
T35.
The event consisted of a single race. Results:
T36.
The event consisted of 2 heats and a final. Results of final:
T37.
The event consisted of 2 heats and a final. Results of final:
T38.
The event consisted of 2 heats and a final. Results of final:
T44.
The event consisted of 2 heats and a final. Results of final:
T46.
The event consisted of 2 heats and a final. Results of final:
T52.
The event consisted of a single race. Results:
T53.
The event consisted of a single race. Results:

</doc>
<doc id="36861098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861098" title="List of butterflies of Armenia">
List of butterflies of Armenia

This is a list of butterflies of Armenia. About 230 species are known from Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="36861102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861102" title="Al-Shamiyah">
Al-Shamiyah

Al-Shamiyah () is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia. Nearby localities include Burj Islam to the north, Burj al-Qasab and Kirsana to the south. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Al-Shamiyah had a population of 2,982 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.

</doc>
<doc id="36861108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861108" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 400 metres">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 400 metres

The Women's 400m athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from August 31 to September 8. A total of 6 events were contested over this distance for 6 different classifications.
Results.
T12.
The event consisted of 4 heats, 2 semifinals and a final. Results of final:
T13.
The event consisted of a single race. Results:
T37.
The event consisted of 2 heats and a final. Results of final:
T46.
The event consisted of a single race. Results:
T53.
The event consisted of a single race. Results:
T54.
The event consisted of 2 heats and a final. Results of final:

</doc>
<doc id="36861110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861110" title="DJ Brian">
DJ Brian

Giyani Brian "DJ Brian" Rikhotso (born 1 January 1980) is a South African broadcaster who co-hosts Mphensa-mphensa on Munghana Lonene FM. As of April 2012, Brian moved from hosting the morning show Phaphama and was paired with Thembi Thobela to co-host the flagship afternoon drive show.
Early life and career.
Brian was born in Soweto, South Africa. He later moved to Bolubedu next to Tzaneen, Limpopo. He attended Matshwi Primary School, Bolubedu and subsequently completed high school in Mokope Senior Secondary before training to be a Journalist at Technikon Pretoria(now Tshwane University of Technology. He began his broadcasting career with Munghana lonene FM in 2000 doing weekend shifts.
Munghana Lonene FM.
Brian has presented different shows on Munghana Lonene FM. He first joined the station in 2000 as a stand-in presenter, mainly covering doing graveyards shifts while still finishing his studies. He later started presenting the African World Music Show Mindhzumba ya Afrika, this is the show that made a name for him. In 2003 he started presenting the afternoon drive show Vaxumi, swapping days with Conny Mashimbye. He subsequently earned a breakfast show slot in 2005, a programme he kept till his arrest and resignation in 2007.
In 2008 he rejoined the station and started co-hosting the breakfast show Phaphama with Sydney Baloyi. In 2009 the team was joined by Tebogo Jacko Magubane as the show's producer, a move that saw the show reaching new heights. Resulting from Phaphama's Success, Brian was moved to the Afternoon Drive and paired with Thembzana Reloaded and Nyiko Sithole as the sports presenter.
Significance.
At 23, Brian was the first presenter at the station to win an award (Best presenter of the year) while only presenting two weekend programmes. He also exposed the listeners to a new blend of African Music mainly from SADC countries. His distinct taste in music saw him being the first at the station to play artist such as Salala from Madagascar, Koffi Olomide from Democratic Republic of the Congo a variety of musicians from Mozambique such as Zico and Mr Bow.
Personal life.
Brian is a fan of Kaizer Chiefs F.C., and occasionally remarks on their fortunes during his show a culture that was intensified during his time on Phaphama where he occasionally had Soccer debates with his co host Sydney Baloyi who is a die-hard fan of the rival Orlando Pirates and a frequently mocked producer Tebogo Jacko Magubane who supports Pretoria based SuperSport United F.C..
DJ Brian got married in 2004 to Zanele Rikhotso. He is the father of two boys, Thamsanqa and Masingita Rikhotso.
He was arrested on February 9, 2007 in connection with the murder of a pastor, Musa Maluleke, who also worked in the Limpopo legislature.Rikhotso was arrested after Samuel Mukansi, a self-confessed killer, implicated him in Maluleke's murder.Maluleke had gone missing on February 4 from his Polokwane home. His body was discovered three days later in a shallow grave at Thokgwaneng village near Lebowakgomo.Mukansi confessed in court to shooting Maluleke. He alleged Rikhotso had hired him to kill Maluleke and promised to pay him R10000.DJ Brian's case was latter thrown out of court due to lack of evidence to the case. It was latter understood that there was nothing that linked Dj Brian to the murder case. Mukansi told the court that prior to their arrest, Rikhotso had paid him only R200.
He also owns Bharule Communications, A multi-media communications company.
External links.
Munghana Lonene FM

</doc>
<doc id="36861113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861113" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 800 metres">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 800 metres

The Women's 800m athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from 31 August to 8 September. A total of two events were contested over this distance for two different classifications.
Results.
T53.
The event consisted of a single race. Results:
T54.
The event consisted of 3 heats and a final. Results of final:

</doc>
<doc id="36861116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861116" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 1500 metres">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 1500 metres

The Women's 1500m athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from 31 August to 8 September. A total of three events were contested over this distance for three different classifications.
Results.
T12.
The event consisted of a single race. Results:
T20.
The event consisted of a single race. Results:
T54.
The event consisted of 2 heats and a final. Results of final:

</doc>
<doc id="36861118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861118" title="Store Kamøya, Nordkapp">
Store Kamøya, Nordkapp

Store Kamøya () is a small island in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. It is located off the eastern coast of the large island of Magerøya. It lies just to the southeast of Lille Kamøya and to the east of the fishing village of Kamøyvær, helping to shelter the latter's harbour from the open sea.

</doc>
<doc id="36861120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861120" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 5000 metres">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 5000 metres

The Women's 5000m athletic event for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium on 2 September 2012. The event, open to T53 and T54 wheelchair athletes, consisted of 2 heats and a final.
Results.
The event was won by Swiss athlete Edith Wolf, beating American Shirley Reilly, who won the silver medal, and Australian Christie Dawes, who claimed the bronze medal.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Paralympic records were as follows:
Results.
Round 1.
Competed 31 August 2012 from 10:15. Qual. rule: first 3 in each heat (Q) plus the 4 fastest other times (q) qualified.
Final.
Competed 2 September 2012 at 10:37.
Q = qualified by place. q = qualified by time. "DNF" = Did not finish.

</doc>
<doc id="36861124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861124" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 4 × 100 metres relay">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 4 × 100 metres relay

The Women's 4x100m relay athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium on September 4. A total of 1 events was contested over this distance for 2 different classifications.

</doc>
<doc id="36861127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861127" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 4 × 400 metres relay">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 4 × 400 metres relay

The Men's 4x400m relay athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from 31 August to 8 September. One event was contested over this distance for two different classifications.

</doc>
<doc id="36861132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861132" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's marathon">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's marathon

The Men's marathon athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from 31 August to 8 September. A total of 3 events were contested over this distance for 3 different classifications.

</doc>
<doc id="36861135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861135" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's marathon">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's marathon

The Women's marathon event for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium on 9 September. There is only one classification for this event: T54, for wheelchair athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="36861137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861137" title="Wheelchair tennis at the 2000 Summer Paralympics – Women's Singles">
Wheelchair tennis at the 2000 Summer Paralympics – Women's Singles

The women's singles wheelchair tennis competition at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney was held at the Sydney Olympic Park Tennis Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="36861138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861138" title="Burj al-Qasab">
Burj al-Qasab

Burj al-Qasab () is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia close to Ras Ibn Hani. Nearby localities include Al-Shamiyah and Burj Islam to the north, Kirsana to the northwest, Sitmarkho and al-Qanjarah to the west. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Burj al-Qasab had a population of 4,902 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites. The ancient site of Ugarit sits on the tell east of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="36861143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861143" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's discus throw">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's discus throw

The Women's discus throw athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from 31 August to 8 September. A total of 6 events were contested over this distance for 11 different classifications.

</doc>
<doc id="36861151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861151" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's javelin throw">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's javelin throw

The Women's javelin throw athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from August 31 to September 8. A total of 6 events were contested over this distance for 14 different classifications.

</doc>
<doc id="36861152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861152" title="Ryutarou Akimoto">
Ryutarou Akimoto


</doc>
<doc id="36861153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861153" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's club throw">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's club throw

The Women's club throw athletics event for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium on 1 September. One event was contested for 3 different classifications.

</doc>
<doc id="36861157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861157" title="Furness &amp; Evans">
Furness &amp; Evans

Furness & Evans was an architectural partnership between noted architect Frank Furness and his former chief draftsman, Allen Evans. As other employees were made partners, it became known as Furness, Evans & Company.
A number of its works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Works include (with attribution):

</doc>
<doc id="36861163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861163" title="Romeo Acop">
Romeo Acop

Romeo M. Acop is a Filipino politician and is the incumbent Congressman of Antipolo's Second Legislative District.
Early life and Career at the PNP.
He attended the Philippine Military Academy, graduating in the 1970 "Magiting" batch with Hermogenes E. Ebdane, Jr., who is now the Governor of Zambales. He then studied law at the José Rizal University, being a cum laude there in 1986. Acop then served in the Philippine National Police as Chief Superintendent, which was equivalent to a brigadier general, during the Ramos government. In response to the resignation of Panfilo Lacson as PNP Chief in January 2001, Acop with two other prominent police officers resigned their posts.
Philippine general elections, 2010.
In 2010, the elections were held for seats in the House of Representatives. The Second District of Antipolo was contested by eight competitors, including former Rizal Vice-Governor Jestoni Alarcon. Still, Acop triumphed the race with 32,281 votes (31.36% of the vote) with Lorenzo Sumulong III following with 24,907 votes (24.20%). Alarcon was third with 20,159 votes (19.59%).
Congressman career.
He is currently serving his first three-year term as representative. Acop is member of ten committees in the Philippine Congress, namely: Public Order and Safety (as Vice Chairman), Appropriations, Health, Higher and Technical Education, Local Government, National Cultural Communities, Public Works and Highways, Southern Tagalog Development, Transportation, and Ways and Means. Acop authored or co-authored 40 House bills to date.
Acop and Representative Angelo Palmones had filed a resolution to conduct an inquiry concerning the acquiring of 59,904 9-millimeter pistols for the Philippine National Police, which would cost around PHP 1.2 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="36861169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861169" title="Rebecca Wardell">
Rebecca Wardell

Rebecca Wardell (born December 21, 1977) is a New Zealand athlete who competes in the combined events.
She has competed in the women’s heptathlon at the 2006 Commonwealth Games at Melbourne, the 2008 Summer Olympics at Beijing, and the 2010 Commonwealth Games at Delhi

</doc>
<doc id="36861172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861172" title="The New York Forum">
The New York Forum

The New York Forum is a New York-based organization, holding an annual meeting in New York City which brings together top political and business leaders from around the world as well as journalists. The Forum was founded in 2010 by Moroccan businessman Richard Attias.
Origins.
The New York Forum was initiated by Richard Attias, former organizer of the World Economic Forum and co-founder of the Clinton Global Initiative in order to create a global meeting "dedicated to growth".
Attias wanted to create "an event exclusively dedicated to economic issues" and to be solution-oriented.
Participants and activities.
Over the years, several high-profile participants have participated to the New York Forum, including Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, businessman Ricardo Salinas or IMF director Christine Lagarde.
The New York Forum has built its own economic think-tank, The New York Forum Institute, created for "testing, exploring and sharing ways to rebuild confidence and credibility, and to reinvigorate the economy".
From June 8 to June 10, 2012, the first edition of The New York Forum AFRICA has been held in Libreville, Gabon. Many personalities such as Robert De Niro and Muhammad Yunus took part in the debates about Africa's econnomic future.
The Last New YOrk Forum Africa took place from Mai 23 to Mai 25, 2014. Laurent Fabius, french Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Development, participated.

</doc>
<doc id="36861173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861173" title="I. Roberto Eisenmann Jr.">
I. Roberto Eisenmann Jr.

I. Roberto Eisenmann Jr. is a Panamanian journalist known for founding and heading "La Prensa", a leading daily newspaper described as Panama's newspaper of record.
"La Prensa" under military rule.
After several years in exile in the U.S., Eisenmann returned to Panama in 1979. In 1980, he founded "La Prensa" to oppose the military dictatorship of Omar Torrijos, and the paper published its first issue on August 4, 1981.
The paper soon ran into strong, and occasionally violent, opposition. In 1982, "Prensa" editor Carlos Ernesto González was sentenced to five months' imprisonment for an article critical of President Aristedes Royo, in which he accused the president of being behind the gunshots fired at the "Prensa" building by Revolutionary Democratic Party (PRD) supporters. In 1986, "La Prensa" was the only newspaper to publish reports critical of military leader Manuel Noriega; the government consequently adopted a formal resolution condemning Eisenmann as a "traitor to the nation". Eisenmann then reportedly lived in exile in the U.S. for fear of his safety, first in Massachusetts as a Nieman Fellow of Harvard University, and then in Miami, Florida.
On July 4, 1987, PRD supporters burned down Mansion Dante, a commercial complex owned by the Eisenmann family. On July 26, security forces entered the building with an order to close "La Prensa" signed by Governor of Panama Alberto Velázquez; two smaller opposition papers were also closed. "La Prensa" remained closed for six months, putting out its next issue on January 20, 1988.
The paper was occupied and closed by government troops again in 1988, remaining closed until after the December 1989 United States invasion of Panama. During the invasion, the U.S. Army stated that it found documents from opponents of the regime—ranging from Eisenmann to U.S. presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush—being used in apparent Santería rituals against them. The paper reopened in January 1990. Eisenmann called the issue "the first La Prensa that we have ever published without threat, without being under the gun".
Under civilian rule.
Following democratic reforms, "La Prensa" continued to report on politics and government corruption. In the 1994 presidential election, the paper opposed Democratic Revolutionary Party (PRD) candidate Ernesto Pérez Balladares—the election's eventual winner—stating in editorials that he was a threat to the country's post-dictatorship democracy. Peruvian journalist Gustavo Gorriti joined the investigative staff, and after a series of articles reporting on the connections between drug traffickers and the PRD, had his work visa rejected by the Panamanian government and was charged with defamation by Attorney General José Antonio Sossa for an article about Sossa himself.
In 1999, Eisenmann served as an informal advisor to the administration of President Mireya Moscoso of the Arnulfista Party.
In March 2001, Pérez Balladares' former foreign minister, Ricardo Alberto Arias, forced out Gorriti and was elected "La Prensa"'s new president by a majority of shareholders. The Committee to Protect Journalists, which had awarded Gorriti its International Press Freedom Award for his work with the paper, called the election, and the resignations and demotions of investigative staff that followed, a "boardroom coup" that left "the once feisty paper a shadow of its former self".
Eisenmann went on to work for a non-governmental organization. In 2004, former Attorney General Sossa filed a criminal complaint for defamation against Eisenmann after he accused Sossa in a "Prensa" column of "protecting criminals and filing charges against journalists". Eisenmann was barred from leaving the country, and after refusing to answer questions on the case in court, was declared in contempt.
Awards.
In 1995, Eisenmann was awarded a special citation of the Maria Moors Cabot Prize for "promoting press freedom and inter-American understanding".
07/04/2014 - The Inter American Press Association (SIP) established between its annual awards for journalistic excellence Environmental Journalism category, under the name I. Roberto Eisenmann, in recognition of the history of the founder of La Prensa as a promoter of democratic and civic values that postulates the organization, composed of over 300 Media in the Americas.
The decision was taken unanimously by the full Executive Committee of the SIP, as part of its mid-year meeting, held in Bridgetow, Barbados. http://www.prensa.com/impreso/panorama/%C2%B4se-honra-causa-ambiental%C2%B4/304730

</doc>
<doc id="36861174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861174" title="Al-Qanjarah">
Al-Qanjarah

Al-Qanjarah () is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia. Nearby localities include al-Shamiyah and Kirsana to the north, Burj al-Qasab to the west, Sitmarkho to the east, Baksa and Sqoubin to the south. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Al-Qanjarah had a population of 4,142 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.

</doc>
<doc id="36861181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861181" title="2012 Grand Prix of Mosport">
2012 Grand Prix of Mosport

The 2012 Mobil 1 presents the Grand Prix of Mosport was a multi-class sports car and GT motor race held at Canadian Tire Motorsport Park in Ontario, Canada on July 22, 2012. It was the fifth round of the 2012 American Le Mans Series season and the 30th Grand Prix of Mosport. The race was held a two hour and 45 minute time period, during which 117 laps of the 3.9 kilometre circuit were completed for a race distance of 463 kilometres.
The race was won by the Muscle Milk Pickett Racing team. German drivers Lucas Luhr and Klaus Graf driving a HPD ARX-03a Honda sports car took an eleven second victory over the Dyson Racing Team run Lola B12/60 sports car. It was the fourth consecutive victory for Luhr and Graf and also for both drivers it was their third victories in the Grand Prix of Mosport.
Third place, and first in the P2 division was Conquest Endurance team of Martin Plowman and David Heinemeier Hansson in their Morgan LMP2. It was their first victory in the class and the first time Level 5 Motorsports had not won in the 2012 season. Any chance Level 5's HPD ARX-03b had of victory ended when Christophe Bouchut acquired a stop-go penalty late in the race crossing the blend-line at the exit of pit lane.
Fifth was the second Dyson Racing Team Lola-Mazda ahead of the PC class winners, the RSR Racing pair of Bruno Junqueira and Tomy Drissi in their Oreca FLM09. It was the team's first victory in the Prototype Challenge class.
Tenth outright was the GT class winners, Extreme Speed Motorsports pair of Scott Sharp and Johannes van Overbeek in their Ferrari 458 Italia. It was the first win of the year for Ferrari and the fourth different manufacturer to win in GT in five races. It was also Extreme Speed's debut ALMS win. The Ferrari crossed the finish line in second position, just behind the Flying Lizard Motorsports Porsche of Jörg Bergmeister and Patrick Long but the Porsche failed post-race scrutineering. Van Overbeek only moved into the race winning position on the last lap after Jan Magnussen's Chevrolet Corvette slide wide while attacking Bergmeister for the lead of the class.
Back in 19th were the GT Challenge class winners, TRG driver Emilio Di Guida and Spencer Pumpelly.
22 of the 26 entries were running at races conclusion.
Race.
Race result.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 70% of their class winner's distance are marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="36861202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861202" title="Sitmarkho">
Sitmarkho

Sitmarkho (, also spelled Sitt Markhu) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia. Nearby localities include Kirsana and Mushayrafet al-Samouk to the north, Burj al-Qasab and Al-Qanjarah to the west. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Sitmarkho had a population of 2,341 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.

</doc>
<doc id="36861218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861218" title="Nicholas Slanning (disambiguation)">
Nicholas Slanning (disambiguation)

Nicholas Slanning was an English soldier.
Nicholas Slanning may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36861222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861222" title="Wackenroder solution">
Wackenroder solution

Wackenroder solution is water solution of polythionic acids H2SnO6 (n = 3-20). It is formed by the reaction of hydrogen sulfide (H2S) with sulfur dioxide (SO2) in highly dilute aqueous solution. At temperatures above 20 °C solutes slowly decomposes with separation unit sulfur, sulfur dioxide, and sulfuric acid.

</doc>
<doc id="36861228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861228" title="New Zealand national men's squash team">
New Zealand national men's squash team

The New Zealand national men's squash team represents New Zealand in international squash team competitions, and is governed by Squash New Zealand.
Since 1967, New Zealand has participated in three finals of the World Squash Team Open.

</doc>
<doc id="36861232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861232" title="American Association of Franchisees and Dealers">
American Association of Franchisees and Dealers

The American Association of Franchisees and Dealers (AAFD) acts as a consumer protection organization that exposes the unethical practices that exist in the franchising community, and to educate the public regarding fair franchise rules, and quality franchise opportunities.
History.
The American Association of Franchisees and Dealers (AAFD) came into existence because United States laws which purport to regulate franchising effectively legalize abusive franchising practices, rather than restrict franchise fraud. As long as the franchisor discloses the details of its practices, the unethical practices are enforceable. The AAFD seeks to provide a counterbalance to franchisee-unfriendly franchising regulations and franchise misrepresentations in the franchising industry by providing resources to franchise associations, franchisees, franchise owners and prospective buyers. The AAFD is a national non-profit trade association dedicated to defining and promoting best franchise practices.
Fair franchising standards.
The AAFD established balanced standards of fair franchising practices for the franchising community so that franchise buyers would have objective criteria by which to judge a franchise opportunity.
Franchise regulations.
Franchise fraud is defined by the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation as a pyramid scheme.
The success of the franchising format of small business ownership has led to a significant imbalance in the relative bargaining power of franchisors and franchisees. Today, in the franchise agreement contract the modern franchise frequently provides no exclusive territory, restricts the activities of the franchisee as an independent businessman, provides that the franchisor controls the franchise location and restricts the franchisee from continuing in business upon franchise termination. The modern franchisee may be merely a license to operate the business on behalf of the franchisor for the term of the franchise. Some franchises agreements specifically state that the franchisee owns no equity in the business, and that the business really belongs to the franchisor. Most modern franchise agreements promise very few required services and little support from the franchisor.
Franchise Rule.
In the United States, franchising is regulated by a complex web consisting of the Federal Trade Commission "Franchise Rule", state laws, and industry guidelines. The most recent version of the Franchise Rule was in 2007, is printed in the Federal Register / Vol. 72, No. 61 / Friday, March 30, 2007 / Rules and Regulations, pages 15544 to 15575. (page 1 to 133 of this cited pdf file) 
The Franchise Rule specifies what information a franchisor must disclose to a prospective "franchise business" as a "franchise opportunity".
Franchisors that practice franchise fraud will attempt to pressure a franchisee leaving the franchise system sign a non-disclosure agreement, confidentiality agreement, or a gag order. The gag order will help prevent prospective new franchisees learning important details about the churning franchise.

</doc>
<doc id="36861233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861233" title="Lille Kamøya, Hammerfest">
Lille Kamøya, Hammerfest

Lille-Kamøya is an uninhabited mountainous island in Hammerfest Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The island is north of Kamøya and Sørøya and has an area of about . The highest point on the island is the tall mountain Litlestauren.
Lille Karmøya has the largest shag colony in Norway. The island and surrounding sea are protected as Lille Karmøya nature reserve.
This island should not be confused with another island of the same name in Nordkapp Municipality, also in Finnmark county.

</doc>
<doc id="36861242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861242" title="AAFD">
AAFD

The acronym AAFD may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="36861243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861243" title="Palmes">
Palmes

Palmes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36861247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861247" title="Elmbank Gardens">
Elmbank Gardens

The Charing Cross Complex - now styled as Elmbank Gardens (but sometimes popularly referred to as the Charing Cross Tower), is a multi-use commercial complex in the Charing Cross area of Glasgow, Scotland. Best known for its signature 14-storey tower which overlooks the M8 motorway and stands directly opposite the Mitchell Library, it was designed by Richard Seifert and constructed between 1969 and 1973. It is one of the tallest and most prominent high rise buildings on the western side of Glasgow city centre. The surface buildings of the subterrenean railway station which serves Charing Cross are also an integral part of the complex.
Since 1995, the tower element has been used as a hotel, which is currently operated by the Premier Inn chain, whilst the remainder of the complex is home to offices (currently branded as The Venlaw) and a number of other leisure and entertainment businesses.
History.
The 1960s saw great change in Glasgow, following on from the Bruce Report with initiatives well under way to depopulate the overcrowded centre, removing slum housing and the construction of a new system of high speed roads around the central area. The districts of Charing Cross and Anderston lay in the path of the Glasgow Inner Ring Road (now part of the M8) and consequently huge swathes of buildings were demolished to make way for its construction. The Richard Seifert Co-Partnership won the commission for much of the regeneration plan for the area, a grand scheme was planned which would stretch from the former Anderston Cross to the Charing Cross area. The original plans for the Elmbank complex would have made use of the infamous Charing Cross Podium which stretched across the motorway, but in the end only fragments of the Seifert scheme were built - likewise his nearby Anderston Centre was never fully realised either.
The original tenant of the building was the YARD (Yarrow-Admiralty Research Department) - part of the local engineering company Yarrow Shipbuilders - who remained such until 1992 when Yarrows' takeover by GEC-Marconi (ultimately British Aerospace), which resulted in consolidation of its activities in the city. The building was vacated, and stood empty for over 2 years until a new use was found.
The building was sold in 1994 for conversion for use as a hotel which was initially operated by the YMCA,; it was later sold to the Tower Hotels Group in 1995 and operated as The Charing Cross Tower Hotel. During the renovation, the building received a canopy on the roof, creating a covered "14th floor" to disguise the elevator penthouse. The hotel was later operated by Premier Lodge, and ultimately Premier Inn.
A proposal to demolish the unused podium at the north west corner of the structure and replace it with a 19 storey residential tower known as The Venlaw Tower (earlier styled as "Elmbank Tower") was proposed in 2004, but progress has stalled owing to the financial climate of the period which saw several other flasghip office projects in the area abandoned - most notably the Elphinstone Place skyscraper which would have been built immediately adjacent to Elmbank Gardens.
The complex was externally refurbished between 2012 and 2013, the precast concrete panels being restored to their original brilliant white finish.
Construction.
The development has a close conceptual similarity to Seifert’s famous Centre Point complex in London, being a series of low rise offices and retail units between two and five stories, anchored by a high rise office tower. The complex also incorporated an unused extension to the adjacent King's Theatre. These elements frame a sunken garden in the centre, providing a focus for pedestrian flows from both Bath Street and Elmbank Crescent. Two cast concrete murals by local artists Charles Anderson and Keith McCarter feature on the internal pathways of the complex.
A podium structure to the north west between the West and North blocks was originally intended to carry a public house, but it was never used. Eventually a pre-fabricated structure (which now contains a snack bar) was erected on it, but this now forms the basis of the Venlaw Tower proposal (detailed above). The building was also constructed in tandem with a replacement railway station on the subterranean section of the North Clyde Line which runs to the south of the site. The pre-cast concrete elements were derived from those used in Seifert’s other commission for the area - the Anderston Centre a few hundred metres to the south, and were also used in a slightly different form in the Sheraton Park Tower Hotel in London, which was built around the same period.
Although originally simply known as the "Charing Cross Complex", the "Elmbank Gardens" name originates from the street addresses used for the individual buildings of the complex, but now refers to the entire development.

</doc>
<doc id="36861248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861248" title="Baksa, Syria">
Baksa, Syria

Baksa () is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia. Nearby localities include al-Shamiyah, Kirsana and al-Qanjarah to the north, Burj al-Qasab to the west, Sitmarkho to the east and Sqoubin to the south. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Baksa had a population of 3,001 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.

</doc>
<doc id="36861250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861250" title="Muhammad Ismail Saidi">
Muhammad Ismail Saidi

Muhammad Ismail Saidi is a member of Iran's 9th Islamic Consultative Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="36861252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861252" title="Johan Samuel Augustin">
Johan Samuel Augustin

Johan Samuel Augustin (March 31, 1715 in Oldenburg in Frisia, Germany – April 26, 1785 in Copenhagen) was a German-Danish astronomical writer and civil servant.
Life.
Johan Samuel Augustin was born in Oldenburg in Eiderstedt to an old Frisian family. When he was 2 years old his father, John. Sam. Augustin, died and was allowed by his uncle and legal guardian, Corniels Bischoff of Tetenbøl, to stay with his other uncle, Steffens Augustin, who also lived in Oldenburg. After leaving school he studied at the universities of Kiel, Jena and Leipzig. He intended to study law, but he ended up accepting a job as an information clerk.
At Friedrich Wiedeburg in Leipzig, he acquired a taste for mathematics and astronomy, which he would later study with great zeal, and acquired a large library and an instrument collection (Catalogue ed. Of Erichsen). He also worked with a company involved in the release of the print "Peder Paars" by Johan Frederik Clemens.
In 1750, he was employed as a secretary of the War Chancellery in Copenhagen, and was promoted to the First Secretary in 1757. The Royal Danish Academy of Sciences had him listed as a member in 1775. On March 21, 1781, he became a member of the Royal Danish Society of Homeland History. He died unmarried as Councillor and was the first of many influential people to be buried at the Assistant Cemetery in Copenhagen (Before his burial it was a graveyard for the poor, not for influential people). His portrait is in the catalog of his collection.
Works.
In addition to some translations from German, he wrote: "Briefe des Joaber Adaders aus der Sonne an Pyrophilus auf diet that Pyrophilaner" (Published first in 1748). Moreover, as the 12th part of the Academy of Sciences writings: "Om Forskjellen imellem Tycho Brahes og Picards Meridian af Uranienborg" and "Adskillige Steders Længde og Bredde i Norge". In 1781 and 1782 he gave several lectures: "Om Tycho Brahes skrevne Observationer og deres Skæbne" and "Om Vejrligets besynderlige Forandringer i Januar 1782" though these were not published in print.

</doc>
<doc id="36861264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861264" title="Sqoubin">
Sqoubin

Sqoubin (, also spelled Saqubin) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia. Nearby localities include Baksa and al-Qanjarah to the north, Sitmarkho to the northeast, Burj al-Qasab to the northwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Sqoubin had a population of 6,379 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.

</doc>
<doc id="36861270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861270" title="Cao Sỹ Cường">
Cao Sỹ Cường

Cao Sỹ Cường (born 26 April 1984) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a midfielder for V-League club Hà Nội T&T and the Vietnamese internationals.

</doc>
<doc id="36861271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861271" title="Wheelchair tennis at the 1996 Summer Paralympics – Women's Singles">
Wheelchair tennis at the 1996 Summer Paralympics – Women's Singles

The women's singles wheelchair tennis competition at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta from 16 August until 25 August.

</doc>
<doc id="36861281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861281" title="Store Kamøya, Hammerfest">
Store Kamøya, Hammerfest

Kamøya (or "Store Kamøya") is an uninhabited island in Hammerfest Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The island is north of the large island of Sørøya and just a little south of Lille Kamøya. The island is home to many bird cliff nesting areas.
This island should not be confused with another island of the same name in nearby Nordkapp Municipality, also in Finnmark county.

</doc>
<doc id="36861290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861290" title="Mushayrafet al-Samouk">
Mushayrafet al-Samouk

Mushayrafet al-Samouk () is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia. Nearby localities include Kirsana and Burj al-Qasab to the west, al-Shamiyah to the northwest, al-Qanjarah and Baksa to the southwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Sitmarkho had a population of 4,000 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.

</doc>
<doc id="36861296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861296" title="Simon Zoller">
Simon Zoller

Simon Zoller (born 26 June 1991) is a German footballer who plays as a striker for 1. FC Köln in the Bundesliga. 
Career.
He began his career with Karlsruher SC, and made his debut for the club in November 2010, as a substitute for Patrick Dulleck in a 0–0 draw with VfL Osnabrück in the 2. Bundesliga. Karlsruhe were relegated to the 3. Liga at the end of the following season, so Zoller left the club, signing for VfL Osnabrück, along with team-mates Marcus Piossek and Timo Staffeldt. In June 2013, he signed a four year contract with 2. Bundesliga side 1. FC Kaiserslautern.A year later, he signed for 1. FC Köln.

</doc>
<doc id="36861308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861308" title="Let Go (film)">
Let Go (film)

Let Go is a 2011 comedy film starring David Denman. It was written and directed by Brian Jett.
Plot.
The film centers around the interlocking lives of a bored parole officer and three eccentric ex-convicts recently placed under his supervision.
Production.
It was filmed in Los Angeles, shot in just 24 days. The cast, which includes Denman from "The Office" and Jacobs from "Community", worked for SAG independent film scale. Writer-director Brian Jett cited influences including Dustin Hoffman drama "Straight Time".
Release.
The film was released October 25, 2011 at the Austin Film Festival, October 31, 2011 at the Savannah International Film Festival before being released in the United States in August 21, 2012.
Critical reaction.
CultureMap considered it a flop: they criticised it for poor technical quality, citing bad lighting, sound, and cinematography, and also felt the script didn't give a talented cast much to do.
Magdalena Bresson praised the performances from a variety of actors known for TV comedy, and the film's visual qualities, particularly its use of color.

</doc>
<doc id="36861320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861320" title="Edgehills Quarry">
Edgehills Quarry

Edgehills Quarry () is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1974.
The site is listed in the 'Forest of Dean Local Plan Review' as a Key Wildlife Site (KWS).
Location and geology.
The quarry is sited in the Forest of Dean and provides an easily accessible exposure through c.75 metres of Drybrook Sandstone. The sandstones include good sedimentary structures and fossil traces which indicate a shallow marine environment. The Drybrook Sandstone lies between the Chadian Whitehead Limestone and the overlying unconformable Coal
Measures.
The Quarry is near other similar sites and nature reserves being Merring Meend, Westbury Brook Pond, Fairplay Iron Mine and Plump Hill Dolomite Quarry.

</doc>
<doc id="36861321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861321" title="Cape Medical Museum">
Cape Medical Museum

The Cape Medical Museum is situated in the Old City Hospital Complex in Green Point, Cape Town, South Africa. Its exhibitions center around the medical history of the Cape and includes exhibitions on dentistry, hospital care, traditional African medicine and pharmaceutical developments. It was founded by a group of volunteers in the 1980s led by Prof J C De Villiers. Since its conception it was proclaimed as a Provincial Museum of the government of the Western Cape province.
History.
South African history and its encounters with Europe, was arguably due to medical reasons. As the Dutch East India Company or VOC attempted to establish trade routes to the East via the south of Africa it became essential to establish a halfway station at the Cape of Good Hope due to malnutrition diseases such as scurvy. The indigenous cattle herders along with the rich resources of fauna and flora at the Cape had the potential to provide essential nutrients to the VOC fleets and in 1652 Jan van Riebeeck was commissioned to establish a 'halfway' station at the Cape. The Cape Medical Museum was built by Sir George Grey, the governor of the Cape in 1859 to preserved the history of medicine, particularly as it emphasises both western and traditional medicine in the Cape.
Proclamation.
The Cape Medical Museum was proclaimed as a Provincial Museum of the Western Cape government on 24 September 1981 in proclamation 299 of the Government Gazette. The proclamation of provincial museums in the Western Cape province of South Africa is governed by legislation known as the Museum Ordinance 8 of 1975. 
Exhibitions.
The museum features several turn-of-the-century medical exhibitions, featuring a Doctor's Consulting Room, Dentist Room, Hospital Ward and Operating Theater.
Furthermore, the museum focuses on the unique contribution of the indigenous people of the Western Cape in compiling the pharmaceutical knowledge of Doctors, and later Pharmacist, at the Cape Colony. 
In addition to its exhibitions, the museum has an activity room that allows children and school learners to learn about the human body, see touch and feel plastic models and watch information videos on the human immune system and HIV/AIDS.
The Doctor's Consulting Room.
The Doctor's consulting room is furnished with items dating from the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Dispensary Room.
The Dispensary room is a typical example of what could be found in a Cape Dispensary in the days of 1910. Pharmacy was only recognized as a profession in 1885 with the establishment of the South African Pharmaceutical Association.
Disease Room.
Diseases have played a role in shaping the history of the world. It has defeated armies, paralyzed trade, thereby influencing economies and changing the social conditions of nations. The disease and history exhibition commemorates the most prominent outbreaks of diseases throughout history which includes scurvy, leprosy, Spanish Influenza and the most recent HIV/AIDS.
Operating Theatre.
In prehistoric times, operations were performed as magical remedies for the pain and sickness. A more scientific approach evolved as knowledge of the human anatomy improved. Further progress was made by the great anatomists of the Renaissance such as Vesalius. During the war of the subsequent centuries surgical skills developed in treating the wounded. John Hunter (1728 - 1793)
The Hospital Ward.
The Hospital Ward exhibition portrays a partial view of a typical hospital recovery ward from the early 20th century. It includes contemporary nursing and midwifery equipment.
Educational programmes.
The museum's educational programmes are aligned to the National School Curriculum of South Africa, and specifically focuses on the "History of Medicine" and medicinal plants. The museum offers guided tours through its exhibition spaces. For additional information see photo gallery above.
Location.
The Cape Medical Museum is situated in the Old City Hospital Complex, Green Point (Cape Town), South Africa. 

</doc>
<doc id="36861327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861327" title="Timo Beermann">
Timo Beermann

Timo Beermann (born 10 December 1990) is a German footballer who plays for 1. FC Heidenheim.
Club Career.
He signed for a contract with 1. FC Heidenheim in 4 June 2013 for two years.

</doc>
<doc id="36861328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861328" title="Nguyễn Văn Biển">
Nguyễn Văn Biển

Nguyễn Văn Biển (born 27 April 1985) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a defender for V.League club Hà Nội T&T and the Vietnamese internationals.

</doc>
<doc id="36861331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861331" title="Lake Tissongo">
Lake Tissongo

Lake Tissongo is a lake of western Cameroon. It is situated within the Douala Edéa Wildlife Reserve of Littoral Province, and is connected to the south bank of the Sanaga River by a 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) tidal channel. The lake drains into the river about 40 kilometres downstream of Edéa. The area is biologically rich. The villagers of five villages in the reserve in the area earn their livelihoods from hunting bushmeat, and a 1990 survey found some 50 firearms in the area around Lake Tissongo.

</doc>
<doc id="36861333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861333" title="Sinjwan">
Sinjwan

Sinjwan () is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia. Nearby localities include Sqoubin, Baksa and al-Qanjarah to the north, Sitmarkho to the northeast, Burj al-Qasab to the northwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Sinjwan had a population of 3,163 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.

</doc>
<doc id="36861336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861336" title="Constellation Records (Solar)">
Constellation Records (Solar)

Constellation Records was an American label of SOLAR Records. 
History.
In 1981, Constellation was founded by Dick Griffey as an attempt to introduce more contemporary acts to Griffey's more traditionally "urban" establishment and was already being distributed through Elektra/Asylum Records.
In 1984, Dick Griffey moved the Constellation label over to MCA Records for distribution, deciding now to abandon contemporary music and continue the SOLAR tradition, which, in turn, was a move that finally brought recognition to the label. Among the acts who shifted to the label were Veteran Soul Train/SOLAR first lady Carrie Lucas (who eventually married Griffey) and Klymaxx.
In 1987, Constellation was folded into MCA, when the artists, including Klymaxx, were transferred to MCA. Universal Music Group owned all of its post-1984 back catalog. On the other hand, EMI (which acquired SOLAR's back catalog after its closure in 1995) owned all of its pre-1984 back catalog. In 2009, Unidisc Music purchased its back catalog.

</doc>
<doc id="36861341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861341" title="Capital punishment in Indonesia">
Capital punishment in Indonesia

Capital punishment in Indonesia is restricted to a handful of crimes. Though the death penalty existed as a punishment from the inception of the Republic of Indonesia, the first execution did not take place until 1973.
The Indonesian government does not issue detailed statistics about every person facing the death penalty in the country. It is believed that there are around 130 people, Indonesians and foreign nationals, currently sentenced to die in Indonesia. About ten new death sentences are handed down annually, though executions are infrequent. Many of the prisoners awaiting execution have been waiting for ten years or more. Four executions took place in 2013, the first since 2008.
Method.
Prisoners (particularly those convicted of drug offences) spend a long time languishing in prison before their sentence is finally carried out. They are woken up in the middle of the night and taken to a remote (and undisclosed) location and executed by firing squad. 
Capital punishment is carried out in Indonesia by a firing squad. The 12 armed executioners shoot the prisoner in the chest. If the prisoner does not die, the Commander is required to issue a final bullet to the prisoner's head.
Statutory Provisions.
Capital punishment is restricted to a handful of crimes in Indonesia. Currently, prisoners are only sentenced to death for three crimes: murder, drugs and terrorism. Foreigners are not exempt. 
The following is a list of the criminal offenses that carry the death penalty:
Source: KontraS, The Death Penalty (2006)
Execution Statistics.
Indonesia ended a four-year moratorium on the death penalty with the execution of Adami Wilson (sometimes spelled Adam, Adem, or Ademi), a citizen of Malawi, on March 14, 2013.
On May 17, 2013, three more prisoners were executed at Nusa Kambangan Prison on an island off the coast of Java. All three were sentenced to die for murder. Suryadi Swabuana was convicted of the premeditated murder of a family in Sumatra in 1991; Jurit bin Abdullah and Ibrahim bin Ujang were convicted of a joint murder in Sekayu, South Sumatra, in 2003.
Executions in Indonesia in the Post-Suharto Era:
Foreign Nationals.
The people on death row include foreign nationals, all but one of whom were convicted of drug-related offences. These foreign inmates come from 18 different countries: Australia, Brazil, China, France, Ghana, Great Britain, India, Iran, Malawi, Malaysia, Netherlands, Nigeria, Pakistan, Senegal, Sierra Leone, the U.S., Vietnam, and Zimbabwe.
Court Cases.
In 2007, the Indonesian Constitutional Court (Mahkamah Konstitusi Republik Indonesia) upheld the constitutionality of the death penalty for drug cases, by a vote of six to three. The case was brought by prisoners sentenced to death for drug crimes, including some of the Bali 9, a group of Australian citizens sentenced to prison and the death penalty for drug trafficking in Bali in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36861350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861350" title="Aloysius Rekowski">
Aloysius Rekowski

Aloysius J. Rekowski (1921-2006) was a Roman Catholic priest, Scriptual scholar, historian, and translator. He was born to Kashubian-Canadian parents on October 23, 1921 in Wilno, Ontario, and died in Toronto, Ontario on June 17, 2006.
Father Rekowski made his first profession to the Redemptorist missionary order and was ordained a priest in 1948. His vocation led him to many different places, from serving missions out of Athabasca, Alberta to advanced study at the Lumen Vitae Catethetical Institute in Brussels. His particular field of academic expertise was Scriptural study.
In addition to his pastoral work, Father Rekowski made two notable contributions to Kashubian studies. The first was "An 1880 Journey through Kashub, Poland", an English translation of Hieronim Derdowski's epic "O Panu Czorlińścim co do Pucka po sece jachoł" (Mr. Czorlinsczi Goes To Puck To Buy Fishing Nets), which is regarded as the beginning of Kashubian poetry. In 1997, he published "The Saga of the Kashub People in Poland, Canada, U.S.A." In the summer of 2002 a Special Event was held by the Wilno Heritage Society to commemorate Father Rekowski's contribution to Kashubian studies.

</doc>
<doc id="36861351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861351" title="Christian Pauli">
Christian Pauli

Christian Pauli (born 30 January 1992) is an Austrian-German footballer who plays for VfL Osnabrück. He made his debut for Osnabrück in April 2011, as a substitute for a Benjamin Siegert in a 4–0 defeat to Hertha BSC in the 2. Bundesliga. He played in the last five matches of the 2010–11 season, and in the second leg of a playoff against Dynamo Dresden, which Osnabrück lost, relegating them to the 3. Liga. The following season he made eighteen appearances, scoring one goal. In January 2013, he signed for SV Wilhelmshaven on a six-month loan.

</doc>
<doc id="36861373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861373" title="Nguyễn Thanh Bình">
Nguyễn Thanh Bình

Nguyễn Thanh Bình (born 20 October 1991) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for V-League club SHB Đà Nẵng and the Vietnamese internationals.

</doc>
<doc id="36861378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861378" title="Leon Restaurants">
Leon Restaurants

Leon is a restaurant group, based in London, specialising in seasonal, locally sourced fast-food. 
History.
Leon was founded by chef Allegra McEvedy with Henry Dimbleby and John Vincent and was named after Vincent's father. 
Leon opened its first outlet in Carnaby Street in 2004. Six months after opening, Leon was named the “Best New Restaurant in Great Britain” at "The Observer Food Monthly" Awards. In March 2009 McEvedy gave up her role at Leon to focus on writing and television work, but she remains a shareholder in the business.
Leon opened its first restaurant outside London in 2009, at Bluewater.
Future plans.
The "Financial Times" reported in February 2012 that Leon had hired Brad Blum, former Burger King chief executive, to advise on expansion plans and that they had also signed a deal with US-based HMSHost to open their first two franchised outlets in the United States.
Other activities.
As well as running restaurants Leon has produced a series of cookbooks which are marketed in the United Kingdom and in the United States.
Organisation.
Henry Dimbleby is the group's chief executive. He is also a founder director of the Sustainable Restaurant Association.

</doc>
<doc id="36861380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861380" title="Ibrahima Diallo (Paralympic footballer)">
Ibrahima Diallo (Paralympic footballer)

Ibrahima "Ibz" Diallo (born on 16 January 1993) is a Guinean-born British footballer who has been selected to compete at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom.
Personal life.
Diallo was born on 16 January 1993 in Conakry, Guinea. He moved to England at the age of ten with his parents and two siblings. 
In December 2011 he was diagnosed with cerebral palsy after a physiotherapist, who also worked with the British Paralympic team, noticed his unusual running style during a training session for the English College's team at Lilleshall. Diallo had previously attributed his problems when running to tight muscle groups in his thigh.
Football.
As a teenager Diallo played for the Bristol City F.C. academy teams. Since February 2012 he has played for the Great Britain 7-a-side team for players with cerebral palsy.
In 2012 he was a member of the Great Britain team that won a silver medal at the 2012 Paralympic World Cup. The British team were beaten 4-2 by Brazil, the team ranked fourth in the world, in the final of the tournament which was held in Manchester. Diallo and Patrick Heselton each scored consolation goals for Great Britain after Brazil ahd taken a 4-0 lead. Diallo had also scored a hat-trick of goals in a 7-3 win over Ireland in the final group match which qualified the British team for the final. 
He has been selected to represent Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Paralympics as part of a twelve-player squad for the 7-a-side football event. Great Britain are scheduled to face Brazil, the United States and Ukraine in the preliminary stage of the competition, with all matches being held at the Riverbank Arena in the Olympic Park, London.
Diallo is currently playing for Clevedon Town AFC.http://www.pitchero.com/clubs/clevedontown/s/the-team-6657.html?player_id=1149621

</doc>
<doc id="36861390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861390" title="Maine State Route 209">
Maine State Route 209

State Route 209 is a route from Bath to a dead end in Phippsburg. The entire route is in Sagadahoc County.

</doc>
<doc id="36861407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861407" title="Capital punishment in Botswana">
Capital punishment in Botswana

Capital punishment is commonly used in Botswana, one of a few democracies which continue the practice. The death sentence is usually issued upon murder under aggravated circumstances and is carried out by hanging. 
According to official statistics issued in 1998, 32 persons were hanged between independence in 1966 and 1997. A widely recognised case was that of Mariette Bosch, a South African immigrant who was sentenced to death for murdering her lover's wife. She was sentenced to death in 1999 and executed two years later, one of few white women ever executed in Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="36861409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861409" title="Zurbrugg Mansion">
Zurbrugg Mansion

The Zurbrugg Mansion, which has also been known as The Columns, at 531 Delaware Avenue in Delanco Township, Burlington County, New Jersey, United States, was built in 1910. It was designed by architects Furness, Evans & Co. in Classical Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009. The listing included two contributing buildings, a contributing structure, and a contributing object on .
It was a home of Swiss-born Theophilus Zurbrugg.

</doc>
<doc id="36861417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861417" title="Woodlands North MRT Station">
Woodlands North MRT Station

Woodlands North MRT Station (TS1) is an upcoming underground Mass Rapid Transit station and the terminus on the Thomson Line in Singapore, located near to Republic Polytechnic.
History.
This station was first announced on 29 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36861418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861418" title="Wheelchair tennis at the 1992 Summer Paralympics – Women's Singles">
Wheelchair tennis at the 1992 Summer Paralympics – Women's Singles

The women's singles wheelchair tennis competition at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="36861425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861425" title="Nils Zumbeel">
Nils Zumbeel

Nils Zumbeel (born January 19, 1990) is a German footballer who plays for VfL Osnabrück.

</doc>
<doc id="36861436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861436" title="Woodlands South MRT Station">
Woodlands South MRT Station

Woodlands South MRT Station (TS3) is an upcoming underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson Line in Singapore. It will be located next to Christ Church Secondary School and near Singapore Sports School.
History.
This station was first announced on 29 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36861440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861440" title="Supermercados Teloloapan">
Supermercados Teloloapan

Supermercados Teloloapan ("Teloloapan Supermarkets") is a chain of supermarkets located in Greater Houston, Texas. As of 2008 there are nine supermarkets, with most of them being located in Hispanic neighborhoods. Patricia Pedraza, in the "Hablando entre Lenguas" ("Speaking between languages") column of "Hoy Tamaulipas" ("Tamaulipas Today"), said that the store was an example of a phenomenon of an increase in Hispanic businesses.
Clemente Ayala, a native of Teloloapan, Mexico, said that La Michoacana Meat Market inspired him to create his own Hispanic foods store. Ayala and his wife saved and borrowed $50,000 ($ in today's money), and used it to open his first store in 1994. In the facility they sold mostly cheese, meat, and tacos. By 1997 Ayala bought another store on Long Point Road and converted it into a Teloloapan store, and it became a chain. In 2007, sales grew 14%. Due to a slowdown in the local economy, in 2008 there was no sales growth.

</doc>
<doc id="36861454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861454" title="Springleaf MRT Station">
Springleaf MRT Station

Springleaf MRT Station (TS4) is an upcoming underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson Line in Singapore. It will be located next to the 2-storey Shophouses along Upper Thomson Road. When completed, this station will serve nearby housing estate of Springside and Nee Soon army camp.
History.
This station was first announced on 29 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36861465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861465" title="Andris">
Andris

Andris is a Latvian masculine give name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36861473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861473" title="Alun Walker">
Alun Walker

Alun Walker (born 28 September 1990) is a Scottish rugby union player.
Walker, who regularly benched for Edinburgh in the second half of season 2010/11 and duly made his debut, is in the second year of a degree course in Sports and Exercise Science at Heriot-Watt University.

</doc>
<doc id="36861478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861478" title="Lanre Oyebanjo">
Lanre Oyebanjo

Olanrewaju Olusegun Mark Bamidele "Lanre" Oyebanjo (born 27 April 1990) is a professional footballer who plays for Crawley Town as a defender.
Oyebanjo started his career with West Ham United's youth system and after being released joined Waltham Forest in 2006. He spent one season with the Isthmian League Division One North side before joining League Two Brentford in 2007. Having not made any first team appearances for Brentford, Oyebanjo dropped into the Conference Premier with Histon in 2008. He helped Histon into the play-off semi-final in his first season, but after their relegation to the Conference South in 2011 he decided to remain in the Conference with York City. Oyebanjo scored York's second goal in their 2012 FA Trophy Final victory and then played in the 2012 Conference Premier play-off Final, which the side won to earn promotion to League Two. Having been voted York's Clubman of the Year for the 2013–14 season, Oyebanjo signed for League One team Crawley Town in 2014.
Club career.
Early career.
Oyebanjo was born in Hackney, London to a Nigerian father and an Irish mother. He joined the West Ham United youth system at the age of 10 and while a ball boy for a first team game in 2004 entered the pitch to retrieve a second ball, while play went on around him. He was released by West Ham aged 16 when he has not offered a scholarship. Oyebanjo started his senior career with Isthmian League Division One North side Waltham Forest in 2006 while studying for his A-levels. Aged 16 he became one of the youngest players in Waltham Forest's history, making his debut in a 2–0 home defeat to Barking in the Essex Senior Cup on 7 November 2006. He made 21 appearances for Waltham Forest in the 2006–07 season before joining Brentford as a member of their youth system. He progressed into Brentford's first team squad and was an unused substitute in their 2–0 defeat at home to Luton Town on 27 November 2007. However, he finished the 2007–08 season without making any appearances for Brentford. He made his debut as a 72nd minute substitute for Pope in Histon's 1–0 defeat away at Mansfield Town on 12 August 2008, having been on the bench for their opening game of the 2008–09 season. He started the following game, a 1–1 draw away at York City on 16 August 2008, and later that month signed a new two-year contract with Histon. Having established himself as a regular starter, Oyebanjo was named the Conference Premier Player of the Month for October 2008. His first goal for Histon came with a 90th minute winner in a 1–0 victory at home to Woking on 6 December 2008 with an 18 yard shot. He played in all five of Histon's 2008–09 FA Cup games, with the club reaching the third round of the competition for the first time in its history, when the team were beaten 2–1 at home to Championship Swansea City on 13 January 2009. Oyebanjo played in both of Histon's play-off games against Torquay United in May 2009, which the side lost 2–1 on aggregate. His first season with Histon saw him make 49 appearances and score one goal.
Oyebanjo started the 2009–10 season opener, a 3–0 victory away at Gateshead on 8 August 2009, and remained in the team before picking up a knee injury during a 2–0 home win over Salisbury City on 22 August. His absence was extended after undergoing surgery on his knee in September 2009, with his return to the team coming after starting Histon's 5–2 home win over Forest Green Rovers on 17 October. Oyebanjo went on a one-week trial with Championship outfit Peterborough United in October 2009 and this included playing in a friendly against Histon. Histon chairman Tony Roach later commented that he believed the player would leave the club in the January 2010 transfer window for a Football League club. He eventually stayed with Histon, although his loss of form since his Peterborough trial was attributed by manager Alan Lewer to Oyebanjo's agent, claiming he was unsettling the player. A hamstring injury sustained during a 1–0 win at Ebbsfleet United on 9 February 2010 kept him out of the side for over two weeks before returning as a 65th minute substitute in the side's 3–0 defeat to Kidderminster Harriers on 27 February. Oyebanjo finished the season with 29 appearances and one goal.
He was out of contract with Histon in the summer of 2010, but, following a spell training with League Two side Wycombe Wanderers, stayed on with the club having decided to start a university course in the autumn. Oyebanjo started the 2011–12 opener, a 3–1 home win against Barrow, before scoring his first goal of the season with an 87th minute equaliser from a 25 yard free kick in a 1–1 draw at home with Eastbourne Borough, which was David Livermore's first game as manager. A hamstring injury kept him out of the side for over four weeks before making his return in a 1–1 draw away at Fleetwood Town on 2 October 2010. He assisted Murray's equalising goal in the 67th minute with a cross, and Livermore praised his performance by saying his return helped improve the team. A calf injury sustained in training kept him out of a game against Luton and his return came in a 2–1 home defeat to Bath City on 25 November 2010. After finishing the season with 40 appearances and two goals he was offered a new contract by the club in May 2011. Despite their relegation to the Conference South he considered staying with the club, being quoted as saying: "I've just got to weigh up my options as I'm not too sure what I want to do at the current time".
York City.
After rejecting Histon's contract offer, Oyebanjo signed for Conference Premier side York City on a two-year contract for a compensation fee on 25 June 2011. He made his debut in a 2–1 victory away at Ebbsfleet on the opening day of the 2011–12 season on 13 August 2011 and assisted York's winner with a cross which was converted by Jason Walker in the 90th minute. He picked up a hamstring injury in York's 2–1 away defeat at Tamworth on 10 September 2011, and returned to the starting line-up for a 2–1 FA Cup fourth qualifying round defeat at Wrexham on 29 October. He did not appear again until York's 1–1 draw at Forest Green on 26 November 2011 and having regained his place in the team was dropped for a game against Lincoln City on 7 January 2012. Oyebanjo returned in York's 1–0 away victory against Grimsby Town in the FA Trophy quarter-final on 25 February 2012 and scored his first goal for the club with the opening goal of a 2–0 victory at home to Hayes & Yeading United on 3 March. An ankle injury in the 1–0 victory at home to Luton in the FA Trophy semi-final first leg on 10 March 2012, in which he was played in central midfield, kept him out of the team before returning in York's 2–1 home defeat to Southport on 24 March.
Oyebanjo returned from a hamstring injury sustained during York's 1–0 win at Cambridge United on 17 April 2012 in the side's play-off semi-final second leg 1–0 extra time win at Mansfield on 7 May, which saw them progress to the final 2–1 on aggregate. He scored the second goal in the 2012 FA Trophy Final at Wembley Stadium with a close range finish from Ashley Chambers' cross; York went on to win the match 2–0, against Newport County. Oyebanjo started the 2012 Conference Premier play-off Final against Luton at Wembley in central midfield, but after an injury to Jon Challinor was moved to right-back, and during the second half performed two far-post interceptions to deny Craig McAllister and John Paul Kissock from scoring. York won the game 2–1 to win promotion to League Two and thus return to the Football League after an eight-year absence. His first season at York concluded with 27 games and three goals.
Oyebanjo made his first appearance of the 2012–13 season in York's 2–2 draw away at Morecambe on 21 August 2012. He eventually finished the season with 32 appearances before signing a new one-year contract at York in May 2013. Having made 46 appearances in the 2013–14 season as York reached the play-off semi-final, Oyebanjo was voted Clubman of the Year by the club's supporters.
Crawley Town.
Oyebanjo turned down a new contract with York to sign a two-year deal with Crawley Town of League One on 4 June 2014.
International career.
Oyebanjo represented the Republic of Ireland at under-19 level, making his debut in a 1–0 defeat to Portugal in the Under-19 Midlands International Tournament on 18 August 2008. He appeared in Ireland's two remaining games at the tournament, a 1–0 defeat to Ukraine on 19 August 2008 and a 2–0 loss to Spain on 21 August. He appeared in three 2009 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship qualification matches in November 2008, including victories over Malta and Liechtenstein and a defeat to France. Oyebanjo featured in their three 2009 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship elite qualification games in June 2009. The games against Belgium and Switzerland resulted in defeat, but when Oyebanjo captained Ireland against Sweden, the side recorded a 2–1 victory. He finished his under-19 career with nine caps and in August 2010 was named the FAI Under 19 International Player of the Year.
He made his under-21 debut as an 84th minute substitute in a 1–1 draw away to Georgia on 14 November 2009 in a 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification Group 2 match. Three days later, he started Ireland's 1–1 away draw against Armenia in the same competition. Having been an unused substitute against Armenia on 3 March 2010 he entered Ireland's 5–0 home qualification win over Estonia on 10 August as an 87th minute substitute. Oyebanjo was on the bench for Ireland's opening 2013 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification Group 7 match against Hungary on 1 September 2011 before starting their 1–0 defeat away to Turkey on 6 September. He was capped six times by Ireland at under-21 level.
Style of play.
Oyebanjo primarily plays at right-back but is capable of playing at centre-back.
Honours.
York City
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="36861481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861481" title="Lentor MRT Station">
Lentor MRT Station

Lentor MRT Station (TS5) is an upcoming underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson Line in Singapore. It will be located around the Far Horizons Gardens, Thomson Grove and The Calrose.
History.
This station was first announced on 29 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36861493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861493" title="Mayflower MRT Station">
Mayflower MRT Station

Mayflower MRT Station (TS6) is an upcoming underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson Line in Singapore. It will be located around Kebun Baru Heights Estate, Kebun Baru Community Centre (CC) and near CHIJ St Nicholas Girls' School.
History.
This station was first announced on 29 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36861494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861494" title="Granite scam in Tamil Nadu">
Granite scam in Tamil Nadu

Granite scam is the scam in the state of Tamil nadu, India. This scam came to expose after former district collector of Madurai Mr.U. Sagayam wrote letter to the Principal Secretary of the State Industries Department on May 19,2012. In that, he had alleged major violations by many granite quarries in the Madurai district and had estimated a loss of more than sixteen thousand crore rupees to the state exchequer.
The Illegal quarrying of granite in Madurai is a case that initiated during 2012 after the collector Sagayam sent his report to the Chief Minister's office reporting illegal quarrying in Madurai district. The initial estimated report indicated illegal quarrying up to 16,000 cr. Some officials of the state-owned Tamil Nadu Minerals LTD (TAMIN) are accused of allegedly colluding with granite companies and allowing them to commit violations. Several persons, including Dayanidhi Azhagiri, son of Union Minister M. K. Alagiri, have been booked for alleged illegal sand and granite mining by companies owned by them.
Letter exposed scam.
The letter was sent by Sagayam on May 19,2012 which leaked on August 1,2012 citing that illegal activities of three major granite operators in Melur taluk in Madurai district. The three granite companies mentioned in the letter are PRP Exports, Olympus Granites and Sindhu Granites. The letter exposed how farmers and other rural people had been deprived of their livelihoods and how it became possible for the granite companies to continue their loot in connivance with the officials of the Departments of Revenue and Geology & Mining for several years.
Investigation.
Eighteen teams of officers formed by the Madurai Collector, Anshul Mishra, started inspection from August 2 in 175 quarries in the district. After the investigation is on, P. R. Palanisamy of PRP Exports and Panneer Mohamed owner of Madura Granites in Melur, surrendered to the police. The state government has suspended nine people including a tahsildar and deputy tahsildar in Madurai. A senior clerk of Tamil Nadu Minerals Limited (TAMIN) was arrested. A representation made by the Madurai Collector Anshul Mishra to the Chief Secretary Debendranath Sarangi seeking a probe by the DVAC into the role of public servants in the scam. 
After this expose, Tamil Nadu government in accordance with the Income Tax Department carried out raids in the other quarries across the state.
Valuation.
The initial report sent by the then Madurai collector Sagayam placed the losses to the State government to the level of 16,000 Cr. Some of the RTI (Right To Information) activitists claim that the losses can to be the tune of 1 lakh crore.
Accused.
PR Palanisami, owner of PRP Exports and a billionaire with political connections, has been arrested and his company sealed. Olympus Granites, allegedly owned by Durai Dayanidhi, son of Union minister of Chemicals, M K Azhagiri, is also accused of illegal quarrying.
Developments.
The owner of PRP Exports - P R Palanichamy (aged 60), his two sons P Senthil Kumar (aged 37) and P Suresh Kumar (aged 31) and son-in-law A Maharajan (aged 25) filed anticipatory bail application in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court apprehending arrest in a case registered by the Keelavalavu police station. Dayanidhi Azhagiri also filed an anticipatory bail petition in the high court bench.
After anticipatory bail granted, Dayanidhi Azhagiri was surrender before Melur court on 14 December 2012. 
Chronology of events.
2012

</doc>
<doc id="36861497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861497" title="Bright Hill MRT Station">
Bright Hill MRT Station

Bright Hill MRT Station (TS7) is an upcoming underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson Line in Singapore. It will be located around Bishan Park Secondary School, The Gardens @ Bishan and near Ai Tong School.
History.
This station was first announced on 29 August 2012 as Sin Ming MRT Station. On 27 June 2014, the Land Transport Authority (LTA) announced the station's finalised name as Bright Hill MRT Station.

</doc>
<doc id="36861499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861499" title="Upper Thomson MRT Station">
Upper Thomson MRT Station

Upper Thomson MRT Station (TS8) is an upcoming underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson Line in Singapore. It will be located around the 2-storey Shophouses along Upper Thomson Road, Thomson Plaza and Church of the Holy Spirit.
History.
This station was first announced on 29 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36861503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861503" title="Putorana Nature Reserve">
Putorana Nature Reserve

Putoransky State Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in the northern part of Central Siberia, located about 100 km north of the Arctic Circle in Krasnoyarsk Krai. It was established in 1987.
Location and geography.
Comprising a vast area of 1,887,251 ha, the park is located in the centre of the Putorana Plateau in the northern part of Central Siberia. The part of the plateau listed on the World Heritage Site contains complete subarctic and arctic ecosystems in an isolated mountain range. The combination of remoteness, naturalness and strict protection ensures that ecological and biological processes continue with minimal human interference. It is a complex of high flat-topped mountain massifs divided by deep and wide canyons. It was created 250 million years ago by a process known as plume volcanism, in which a huge body of magma rose to the surface from 1,800 miles (2,897 kilometers) inside the Earth. Next, the glaciers expanded the canyons and formed the present-day river gorges and deep narrow lakes (Lama, Keta, Glubokoye, Khantayskoye, Ayan, etc.) creating the unique appearance of the plateau. These exotic fjord-like lakes reaching 100–150 km in length and up to deep are considered to be largest in Siberia after Baikal and Teletskoye. Another feature of the plateau are numerous waterfalls, including the 108 m high waterfall in Kanda river gorge considered to be Russia's highest. The area is also one of the richest in terms of plant diversity in the Arctic.
Flora.
The area consists of pristine taiga, forest tundra, tundra and arctic desert systems, as well as untouched cold-water lake and river systems. Most of the Putorana Plateau is covered by the Siberian larch taiga forests. The northern part by sparse forests and mountain tundra. There are around 400 plant species, including several rare and endemic forms.
Fauna.
There are 34 mammal species including one of the rarest known hoofed animals - the Putorana bighorn sheep (Ovis nivicola borealis). About 140 bird species have been noted in the reserve. Reindeer migration routes cross the reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="36861505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861505" title="New Zealand cricket team in South Africa in 2012–13">
New Zealand cricket team in South Africa in 2012–13

The New Zealand cricket team will tour South Africa from 18 December 2012 to 25 January 2013. The tour will consist of two test matches, three One Day Internationals, and three Twenty20 International matches. In their first innings of the First Test, New Zealand were dismissed for just 45 runs, their third lowest Test match total and the lowest total in Test cricket in 39 years. In the same match, South African cricketer Jacques Kallis became the fourth batsman to make 13,000 runs in Test cricket. New Zealand were without ex-captain Ross Taylor, who had a falling out with coach Mike Hesson, nor Jesse Ryder, who remained in self-imposed exile from international cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="36861507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861507" title="Elogbatindi">
Elogbatindi

Elogbatindi is a large village in Littoral Region of southwestern Cameroon, located to the southwestern end of the Douala Edéa Wildlife Reserve, on the Edéa-Kribi road (National Route 7), and is connected to Bipindi and Fifinda to the southwest. It lies to the east of the Sanaga River. It is inhabited by Lala Pygmies, and has a number of Baka camps. The Ngumba language is common in these parts.

</doc>
<doc id="36861508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861508" title="Mount Pleasant MRT Station">
Mount Pleasant MRT Station

Mount Pleasant MRT Station (TS10) is an upcoming underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson Line in Singapore. It will be located within Old Police Academy.
History.
This station was first announced on 29 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36861515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861515" title="Napier MRT Station">
Napier MRT Station

Napier MRT Station (TS12) is an upcoming underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson Line in Singapore. It will be located around Singapore Gleneagles Hospital and Singapore Botanic Gardens.
History.
This station was first announced on 29 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36861522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861522" title="Orchard Boulevard MRT Station">
Orchard Boulevard MRT Station

Orchard Boulevard MRT Station (TS13) is an upcoming underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson Line in Singapore. It will be located Camden Medical Centre, Tourism Court and Traders Hotel.
History.
This station was first announced on 29 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36861528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861528" title="Great World MRT Station">
Great World MRT Station

Great World MRT Station (TS15) is an upcoming underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson Line in Singapore. It will be located near Great World City.
History.
This station was first announced on 29 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36861531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861531" title="Havelock MRT Station">
Havelock MRT Station

Havelock MRT Station (TS16) is an upcoming underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson Line in Singapore. It will be located around Bukit Ho Swee Housing Estate, Tan Boon Liat Building and Holiday Inn.
History.
This station was first announced on 29 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36861535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861535" title="Maxwell MRT Station">
Maxwell MRT Station

Maxwell MRT Station (TS18) is an upcoming underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson Line in Singapore. It will be located around Kreta Ayer Heights and Buddha Tooth Relic Temple and Museum.
History.
This station was first announced on 29 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36861536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861536" title="Submarine U-475 Black Widow">
Submarine U-475 Black Widow

Submarine "U-475" "Black Widow" was a Soviet Navy submarine of the Cold war period, which is now in private hands.
She is currently moored at Strood, on the River Medway, in South-East England.
Background.
The Soviet Project 641 class submarines (known to the West by their NATO reporting name of ) was a class of conventionally powered patrol/attack submarines. 
Some 74 were built by the Soviet Navy between 1957 and 1983 as well as 17 others for the Libyan, Cuban and Indian Navies.
Service history.
"Black Widow" was built at Sudomekh shipyard in Leningrad and commissioned in 1967. She was based at Riga and served with the Soviet Baltic Fleet before being used as a training vessel for crews from overseas who would be operating "Foxtrot" class subs in their own navies. She was decommissioned in 1994 and sold.
Museum ship.
After passing into private hands, and under the name ""U-475 Black Widow"" she was moored at Long's Wharf near the Thames Barrier in England where she was open to the public as a museum ship. in 1998 she was moved to Folkestone, where she was again opened to the public. 
In 2004 she was moved to her present location, in a state of disrepair, and is currently awaiting restoration.
Naming.
The submarine is currently referred to as "Foxtrot B-39 U-475 Black Widow". The "B-" designation stands for "Bolshaya" ("Large"), and was used by the Soviet Navy during the Cold War era, but another Foxtrot B-39 also exists, now moored at San Diego as a museum ship. The "B-39" designation also suggests a vessel in the Soviet Pacific Fleet; Baltic Fleet vessels carried numbers in the 200's. 
The name “Black Widow” and the designation “U-475” were given to the boat by the new owners; Soviet submarines were not generally named, the "U-" designation was not used by the Soviets, and none of the Foxtrots known carried the number "–475".
In Soviet service she was actually known as B-49 and served in the Northern Fleet until November 1974 when she was reassigned to the Baltic.

</doc>
<doc id="36861537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861537" title="Michael Cohen (musician)">
Michael Cohen (musician)

Michael Cohen (January 24, 1951 – November 28, 1997) was an American singer-songwriter from New York City. He released three albums in the 1970s which were among the first to deal with explicitly gay themes. Cohen was licensed as a cab driver in New York City in 1972.
Work and Influences.
Cohen self-released his first album, eponymously titled "Mike Cohen", in 1972. This was followed by two albums on Folkways Records, "What Did You Expect?" (Folkways Records FS 8582, 1973) and "Some of Us Had to Live" (Folkways Records FS 8582, 1976). The latter two are available from Smithsonian Folkways. Cohen was influenced by James Taylor and Leonard Cohen and his music is very much in the folk rock style. "The Last Angry Young Man", which opens "What did You Expect?", deals with the misconceptions around homosexuality of the older generation while "Gone", from the same album, deals sensitively with the death of a gay friend. "Frieze Magazine" describes Cohen's "Bitterfeast" from the same album as a "raw and chokingly emotional" ballad based on a poem by Leonard Cohen. After releasing a third album on a small label, Cohen "dropped off the radar" until his death in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36861538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861538" title="City Region of Amsterdam">
City Region of Amsterdam

The City Region of Amsterdam is a group of 16 municipalities in North Holland. It was called ROA (Amsterdam Regional Body) until 31 October 2006. The metropolitan area is counted in the Noordvleugel (North Wing) of the Randstad.

</doc>
<doc id="36861539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861539" title="Marco Carola">
Marco Carola

Marco Carola (born 7 February 1975, Naples, Italy) is an Italian electronic musician and DJ.
Life.
As a producer and label head, Carola has created labels like Design, Zenit, Question, One Thousands, Do.Mi.No. and Music On. Carola has been releasing music on a selection of labels such as Minus, Plus 8 2M and Primate Recordings. In addition to five albums, including his latest ‘Play It Loud’ in 2011, Carola has also been responsible for a clutch of seminal mix compilations. In 2006, his mix Fabric 31. for the London club Fabric’s series was a lesson in sleek, future-facing minimalism. That was followed up by compilations for Time Warp in 2009. He has also held very successful residencies at Amnesia Ibiza, with Cocoon, for two years, and with his own Music On project from 2012 on. Music On was launched in 2011 at the Shelbourne Hotel in Miami, as the way for Carola to implement his vision of clubbing and music development, and to share his wealth of experience and knowledge.

</doc>
<doc id="36861540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861540" title="Shenton Way MRT Station">
Shenton Way MRT Station

Shenton Way MRT Station (TS19) is an upcoming underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson Line in Singapore. It will be located around Asia Square and Shenton House.
History.
This station was first announced on 29 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36861546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861546" title="Marina South MRT Station">
Marina South MRT Station

Marina South MRT Station (TS21) is an upcoming underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson Line in Singapore. It will be located near Marina South Pier.
History.
This station was first announced on 29 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36861548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861548" title="Wheelchair tennis at the 1988 Summer Paralympics – Women's Singles">
Wheelchair tennis at the 1988 Summer Paralympics – Women's Singles

The women's singles wheelchair tennis competition at the 1988 Summer Paralympics in Seoul from 15 until 24 October 1988. It was a demonstration sport and there wasn't a match for the third place (two bronze medals were awarded)

</doc>
<doc id="36861553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861553" title="Gardens by the Bay MRT Station">
Gardens by the Bay MRT Station

Gardens By The Bay MRT Station (TS22) is an upcoming underground Mass Rapid Transit station and the terminus on the Thomson Line in Singapore. It will be located around Gardens by the Bay and Marina Barrage.
History.
This station was first announced on 29 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36861557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861557" title="Electoral Fraud (Northern Ireland) Act 2002">
Electoral Fraud (Northern Ireland) Act 2002

The Electoral Fraud (Northern Ireland) Act 2002 (2002 c. 13) is a British act of Parliament which reformed the electoral system of the Province of Northern Ireland, tightening the registration process and the administration of elections at polling stations.
Introduced to counter lack of public confidence in the electoral process in Northern Ireland, the Act was found to have improved public perceptions, and returning officers also reported a marked reduction in suspected incidences of voting fraud. The implementation was not without costs, however. In August 2002 the last register of electors compiled under the old system contained nearly 1.2 million names, while the first register under the new system, published in December 2002, contained less than 1.1 million names, losing some 120,000 names for a net reduction of 10%.

</doc>
<doc id="36861561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861561" title="Bartolomeu Dias Museum Complex">
Bartolomeu Dias Museum Complex

The Bartolomeu Dias Museum Complex (also spelled "Bartholomeu") is the second biggest provincial museum affiliated to the Western Cape Department of Cultural Affairs and Sport in South Africa. It is located at Mossel Bay.
Overview.
The Bartolomeu Dias Museum is a multi-disciplinary government institution which is mandated to preserve and conserve the local cultural and natural heritage resources for education and enjoyment of both local and foreign visitors. It is also required to contribute to the economic growth of the area by attracting visitors from various parts of the world who end up spending their money in the local businesses. Since its inception the Dias Museum has been a cornerstone of the tourism industry in Mossel Bay. Many people who travel via Garden Route from Cape Town to Port Elizabeth and vice versa come to Mossel Bay to see the museum. Museum facilities are utilized by various local organizations and individuals for cultural events, meetings, workshops and conferences. Bartolomeu Dias landing in Mossel Bay in 1488. The whole museum site is a provincial heritage site.
The museum's scope is multidisciplinary in nature as it covers both cultural and natural history of Mossel Bay. The site's botanical garden is vegetated by indigenous plants and trees which were used as herbs by the early inhabitants of the area. In the site there is a grave of the Malay slave which is presently used as a place of worship by the local Muslim community. The museum is called a "complex" because it consists of three buildings, namely the Maritime Museum, Shell Museum, and the Granary. Within the museum site there are also two 19th century edifices called Munro cottages. Mail from the shoe is collected twice a day (once a day out of season) by the Post Office. Whales can be observed from the museum grounds during June. In the grounds of the Dias Museum Complex are mountain tortoises, ducks and a museum cat.
History.
This museum is a culmination of the Mossel Bay Museum which was established by the Board of Trustees on 23 August 1960. It was proclaimed by the Administrator using the 1914 Ordinance. There was no clear theme for it as local people were asked to donate local history objects. The original museum was opened to the public in 1963. The Post Office Tree Provincial Museum was established on 1 June 1984 by the Board of Trustees. Bartolomeu Dias Museum was established on 3 February 1989 as a result of the 1988 Dias Festival. The Administrator used the Ordinance of 1975 to alter the name Post Office Tree Provincial Museum to Bartolomeu Dias Museum.
Museums.
Granary.
The theme which was given to the Granary is reception/information and exhibitions of the surroundings areas. Granary is used as the main reception for the whole museum complex. It houses small exhibition about the regional mountain passes. It also houses conference facilities for 48 people or 100 people if used in a cinema style.
Maritime Museum.
The theme for the Maritime Museum is the Portuguese maritime history from 1488 and their connection with the English and Dutch explorers. Cultural History Museum: The heritage of Mossel Bay – the district and its people from pre-historic times until today. The Maritime Museum has exhibition displays which narrate about the history of early European sea voyagers who discovered sea routes. The local history 19th century artifacts and 20th century photographs are also displayed in this building. The building houses a life-size replica of the ship that was used by Bartolomeu Dias and his crew when they landed in Mossel Bay 1488. The ship was built in Portugal and it was brought to Mossel Bay in 1988. Inside the Maritime Museum is a shop where postcards, stamps, books, souvenirs and small gifts can be bought.
Shell Museum and Aquarium.
The Shell Museum and Aquarium’s theme is shells and molluscs (snails) - their ecology – including live molluscs in aquaria, how molluscs and shells are used by mankind etc. Shell Museum is the largest shell museum in Africa. The Shell Museum structure was erected in 1902 next to the Post Office Tree as an extension to the old mill and was mainly used as a store. In later years, the building was used by Mr Joe Shirle for his plumbing business, after which it became known as the “Shirley Building.” In the same building there is also an aquarium of small sea animals.
The Munro cottages are used as offices of international archaeological researchers.
On-site public programmes.
The museum’s management realized that collecting, exhibiting, and preserving the material evidence of the previous generation for the educational and enjoyment benefits of the current generation is not enough if a museum is a dead space with no programmes, projects, activities and events that are attractive to the public. Curriculum orientated education and outreach programmes are designed at the museum and presented to learners from the local schools. In collaboration with local governmental and non-governmental organizations, the Dias Museum host eight commemorative days’ celebrations per year.
Stored and displayed collection.
Traveling exhibitions are from time to time sourced from other museums and displayed at Dias Museum for a couple of months. All the staff members at Dias Museum are mandated to check the displayed collection all the time to ensure that artifacts are safe. The public access to the museum collection has improved as a monthly temporary display programme allows visitors to see also the stored artifacts. There are regular new additions to the collection of small marine animals in the museum’s aquarium. The Caravel, Post Office Tree, Aquarium and the museum’s ethno-botanical garden and Braille trail are some of the most popular exhibits amongst visitors of all ages. The Dias Museum is privileged to include a large indigenous garden with amazing views of the sea.

</doc>
<doc id="36861567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861567" title="Peavey Mart">
Peavey Mart

Peavey Mart is a Canadian Chain of Hardware Stores. 
About.
Peavey Mart is a Canadian retailer with its headquarters in Red Deer, Alberta. As of January 2013, the company owns and operates 29 stores in four provinces, and one distribution centre. The only distribution Centre is located on sight of the Head Office in Red Deer, Alberta. Peavey Mart also offers online sales.
Peavey Mart offers a unique variety of products including, Tools, Agriculture, Plumbing, Electrical, Clothing, Pet Supplies, Seasonal Products, Toys, Furniture, Housewares & More. 
The company slogan is "Hardware and a whole lot more" 
Peavey Mart is owned in whole by its parent company, Peavey Industries Limited (PIL).
Since 1974, Peavey Mart has been serving Western Canada. Although originally a subsidiary of Peavey Company of Minneapolis with company roots dating back to over 100 years, the Peavey Mart chain corporately known as Peavey Industries Limited, was sold to the management group in 1984. Since that time, Peavey Mart has continued to remain 100% Western Canadian owned.
Peavey Mart’s head office is located in Red Deer, Alberta, including a 150,000 square foot distribution centre. The corporate chain includes 29 Peavey Mart stores across Western Canada ranging in size from 10,000 to 35,000 square feet. 
Peavey Mart has a team of over 700 employees.
Stores.
As of January 2013 Peavey Mart is located in the following 29 locations:
Assiniboia, SK
Camrose, AB
Dawson Creek, BC
Estevan, SK
Grande Prairie, AB
High River, AB
Humboldt, SK
Kindersley, SK
Lacombe, AB
Leduc, AB
Lethrbidge, AB
Lloydminster, AB
Medicine Hat, AB
Moose Jaw, SK
North Battlefor, SK
Peace River, AB
Prince Albert, SK
Red Deer, AB
Regina, SK
Saskatoon, SK
St. Paul, AB
Stettler, AB
Swan River, MB
Swift Current, SK
Vegreville, AB
Westlock, AB
Wetasiwin, AB
Weyburn, SK
Yorkton, SK
Peavey Industries plans to open a Peavey Mart in Spruce Grove, Q4 2013.
MainStreet Hardware.
Peavey Mart's parent company PIL opened a smaller version of Peavey Mart in Q4, 2012. This store does not offer a full line of products that you would find at Peavey Mart's, especially the products of the Agriculture department. PIL decided to rebrand this smaller concept store. 
Currently there is 1 MainStreet Hardware, it is located in Blackfalds, Ab. 7 minutes south of Lacombe, Ab and 7 minutes north of Red Deer, Ab. 

</doc>
<doc id="36861575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861575" title="Dimitri Basilaia">
Dimitri Basilaia

Dimitri Basilaia (born 27 November 1985) is a Georgian rugby union player who plays for USA Perpignan in the Top 14.
Club career.
Basilaia left Georgia and joined the Clermont and played in their Espoirs side but didn't break into the first choice side and left for Fédérale 1 side Morlaàs in 2008. He then went onto play for four clubs in Fédérale 1 in four seasons with one seasons stints at Le Bugue, Aubenas and Valence d'Agen. After some good performances for Georgia at the 2011 World Cup he was signed by Edinburgh in 2012 and he became the first ever Georgian to play in the RaboDirect Pro12. He joined Perpignan in May 2014.
International career.
Basilaia made his debut for Georgia in 2008, scoring a try against Portugal and he was first choice during the ENC that year. However after 2008, Basilaia lost his place in the Georgia side as Mamuka Gorgodze changed position from lock to number 8 and push him out of the side and he only made appearances as a sub or in weakened Georgia sides for the next couple of years.
After not playing for 19 months, Basilaia returned to the Georgian side just before the 2011 World Cup in the IRB Nations Cup in June, and he made the Georgian World Cup squad and was one of Georgia's most impressive players during the tournament, starting three matches and scoring a try against England with a surge of the base of the scrum.

</doc>
<doc id="36861584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861584" title="Roland Me 109 Replica">
Roland Me 109 Replica

The Roland Me 109 Replica is a German ultralight and light-sport aircraft, under development by Roland Aircraft of Mendig. The aircraft is an 83% replica of the Second World War Messerschmitt Bf 109 G-6 fighter aircraft and will be supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
Design and development.
The aircraft was designed to comply with the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight rules and US light-sport aircraft rules. Like the aircraft it replicates, it features a cantilever low-wing, a two-seats-in-tandem enclosed cockpit under a framed canopy, retractable conventional landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft is predominantly made from aluminum sheet. Its span wing has an area of and mounts flaps. The standard engine intended is the Rotax 912ULS, although consideration is being given to using a four-stroke powerplant as well.
The plan is to produce the Me 109 Replica under sub-contract in the Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="36861591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861591" title="Tatarsk">
Tatarsk

Tatarsk () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="36861592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861592" title="Elmlea Meadows">
Elmlea Meadows

Elmlea Meadows () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1989. The site is listed in the 'Cotswold District' Local Plan 2001-2011 (on line) as a Key Wildlife Site (KWS). 
Location.
The site lies to the north-west of Cricklade near the county boundary, and consists of three meadows which have been managed for hay followed by grazing. The meadows overlie the alluvium and gravels of the Thames floodplain. 
Species.
The grassland included Meadow Foxtail and Great Burnet and supports a rich flora. This is a nationally important meadow area, and supports the nationally rare Fritillary "(Fritillaria meleagris)" and the rare Downy-fruited Sedge "(Carex tomentose)". The population of Fritillary is the largest reported in Gloucestershire. To the north of Cricklade, in the county of Wiltshire, is North Meadow which is both an SSSI and a National Nature Reserve (NNR) which supports some 80% of the British population of Fritillary.
The small area of scrub on the site is dominated by Grey Willow and Crack Willow and supports a large number of typical wetland species. It is the only known site for Tufted-sedge "(Carex elatain)" in Gloucestershire.

</doc>
<doc id="36861596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861596" title="Olmos, Uruguay">
Olmos, Uruguay

Olmos is a populated centre in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay. 
Location.
It is located about north of km.35 of Route 8, west of Empalme Olmos and about northeast of the city of Pando.
Population.
In 2011 Olmos had a population of 662.
Source: "Instituto Nacional de Estadística de Uruguay"

</doc>
<doc id="36861598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861598" title="Wheelchair tennis at the 1988 Summer Paralympics – Men's Singles">
Wheelchair tennis at the 1988 Summer Paralympics – Men's Singles

The men's singles wheelchair tennis competition at the 1988 Summer Paralympics in Seoul from 15 until 24 October 1988. It was a demonstration sport and there wasn't a match for the third place (two bronze medals were awarded)

</doc>
<doc id="36861651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861651" title="Africa World Airlines">
Africa World Airlines

Africa World Airlines Limited is a Ghanaian airline company with its head office in Accra, Gretaer Accra, Ghana, and its main hub at Kotoka International Airport in Accra.
History.
Africa World Airlines was incorporated in 2010. It is a joint venture between Hainan Airlines, China-Africa Development Fund, SSNIT and SAS Finance Group
Fleet.
Africa World Airlines took delivery on 30 August 2012 of its first Embraer 145 aircraft that will be used to operate domestic routes.
. A second aircraft was delivered on 8 September 2012 but was damaged in a ground collision on 13 September 2012. These aircraft were previously operated by Tianjin Airlines which is a sister company within the HNA Group.
Destinations.
Africa World Airlines operates the following scheduled services.

</doc>
<doc id="36861655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861655" title="Fifinda">
Fifinda

Fifinda is a small town in the South Region of southwestern Cameroon. It is located along the Edéa-Kribi road (National Route 7), northeast of Kribi and Bipindi and southwest of Elogbatindi. The area is surrounded by marshland, and the Lokundje River flows nearby.
It hosts also the Chefferie Superieure of the Evouzok Ewondo Tribe ruled by the paramount chief Innocent Ondoa Nkou.
Other personalities linked to the town are the latter's younger brother Ambassador Anatole Marie Nkou and his cousin Gabriel Bengono CEO of the Société immobiliere du Cameroun. 

</doc>
<doc id="36861657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861657" title="Perry Parker">
Perry Parker

Perry-John Parker (born 25 June 1987) is a rugby union player.

</doc>
<doc id="36861666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861666" title="Curwen's Bay Barb">
Curwen's Bay Barb

Curwen's Bay Barb ( 1690 - 1728) was a foundation sire of the Thoroughbred breed. A bay horse with a white blaze, he was imported by Henry Curwen in 1698 from France. He had originally been a present to Louis XIV from the King of Morocco. One of his early sons, Mixbury, stood just over 13 hands high and apparently ""there were not more that two horses of his day that could beat him under light wrights"". He also sired Tantivy, Brocklesby, Brocklesby Betty, Creeping Molly and the top stallion Hip. It has also been suggested that he may have been the sire of Alcock's Arabian.
His sire line is extinct, but he made a significant contribution to the Thoroughbred breed. The three traditional foundation sires whose sire lines still exist today were Darley Arabian, Godolphin Arabian and Byerley Turk. However Curwen's Bay Barb contributed more to the breed as a whole. Modern Thoroughbred's tend to have most crosses to Godolphin Arabian (contributing 13.8%), then Darley Arabian (6.5%), Curwen's Bay Barb (4.2%) and Byerley Turk (3.3%).

</doc>
<doc id="36861673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861673" title="Nikita Ramsey">
Nikita Ramsey

Nikita Lianne Ramsey (born 10 February 1988) is an English actress, born in Bournemouth, Dorset. She is best known for her role as Piper Williamson on "House of Anubis". Ramsey has an identical twin sister, Jade Ramsey.
Career.
Ramsey appeared in "Movie Mob" where she and her sister appeared as the "Brit Twins". She co-starred as "Haley" on "Twinny Somethings", with her own twin sister Jade. Her first professional acting job was "X-Men 2" as twin X-Kid. She made a guest appearance as Patricia's twin sister, Piper on the Nickelodeon TV Show, "House of Anubis".
Personal Life.
Nikita Ramsey was born in Bournemouth, England. She has a twin sister, Jade Ramsey, who is also an actress. Her younger brother, Guy Ramsey, took his own life after suffering a lot of pain. Nikita and her sister also appeared on reality/game show "Capture" as the Teal team. They finished in 2nd place out of 12 teams

</doc>
<doc id="36861686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861686" title="Lokundje River">
Lokundje River

The Lokundje is a river of southwestern Cameroon. It flows near Bipindi and Fifinda and the Ebea Falls. The river played a military role in the French battle against Germany during World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="36861687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861687" title="Elbeyli (disambiguation)">
Elbeyli (disambiguation)

Elbeyli is a district of Kilis Province, Turkey.
Elbeyli may also refer to the following places in Turkey:

</doc>
<doc id="36861719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861719" title="Elvitegravir/cobicistat/emtricitabine/tenofovir">
Elvitegravir/cobicistat/emtricitabine/tenofovir

Elvitegravir/cobicistat/emtricitabine/tenofovir (brand name Stribild), also known as the Quad pill, is a fixed dose combination drug for the treatment of HIV/AIDS. Elvitegravir, emtricitabine and tenofovir directly suppress viral reproduction. Cobicistat increases the effectiveness of the combination by inhibiting liver enzymes that metabolize the other components. Stribild gained approval by U.S. Food and Drug Administration on August 27, 2012 for use in adult patients starting HIV treatment for the first time as part of the fixed dose combination.

</doc>
<doc id="36861720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861720" title="Abdallah al-Battal">
Abdallah al-Battal

Abdallah al-Battal (; "Abdallah the Hero", died in 740) was a Muslim warrior of the Arab–Byzantine Wars of the early 8th century, participating in several of the campaigns launched by the Umayyad Caliphate against the Byzantine Empire. Historical facts about his life are scarce, but an extensive pseudo-historical and legendary tradition grew around him after his death, and he became a famous figure in both Arab and later Turkish epic literature as " Sayyid Battal Ghazi".
Biography.
Nothing is known of Abdallah al-Battal's origin or early life. Much later accounts claim that he hailed from Antioch or Damascus, and that he was a "mawla" of the Umayyad family. He is also given various "kunya", Abu Muhammad, Abu Yahya, or Abu 'l-Husayn. Even his name is not certain: Khalid Yahya Blankinship suggested that he might be the same person as a certain "'Amr" recorded by the Byzantine chronicler Theophanes the Confessor in the Nicaea campaign of 727, and hence that "'Amr" could be his actual personal name or a patronymic (i.e. his name could be 'Amr ibn Abdallah or Abdallah ibn 'Amr), while alternatively "Abdallah" could simply be an honorific. 
According to historical sources (the chroniclers al-Ya'qubi and al-Tabari), al-Battal first appears in 727, in one of the annual raids against Byzantine Asia Minor. This campaign was commanded by Mu'awiya ibn Hisham, the son of the reigning Caliph Hisham (reigned 723–743). Al-Battal led the vanguard, with which he penetrated as far as the city of Gangra in Paphlagonia, which he captured and razed, before the army went on to unsuccessfully lay siege to Nicaea. Blankinship considers that al-Battal's capture of Gangra ranks as one of the greatest successes of Umayyad arms against the Byzantines in this period, along with the capture of Caesarea by Maslama ibn Abd al-Malik in 726. Later accounts from the 10th century, place al-Battal alongside Maslama during the latter's failed siege of Constantinople in 717–718, but as the Arab accounts of the siege are semi-legendary, it is impossible to know if this report contains any truth.
Al-Battal himself commanded another raid in 731–732, of which little is known. It most probably was a failure, and is remembered only for the death in battle of another Arab hero, Abd al-Wahhab ibn Bukht. In the next year, AH 115 (732–733), al-Battal campaigned again alongside Mu'awiya ibn Hisham, raiding as far as Akroinon in Phrygia. A Byzantine army under a certain Constantine tried to confront the Muslims, but al-Battal defeated Constantine and took him prisoner. Al-Battal's next and last appearance is in 740, when a major campaign involving several tens of thousands of men was launched by the Umayyads against Byzantium. Along with Malik ibn Shu'ayb, deputy governor of Malatya, al-Battal commanded a 20,000-strong cavalry force while Sulayman ibn Hisham led the main force behind them. Al-Battal and Malik's force reached as far as Akroinon, but there they were confronted and defeated by the Byzantines under Emperor Leo III the Isaurian (r. 717–741) in person. Both Arab generals and two thirds of their army perished.
Legend.
If his military career was not particularly distinguished, Abdallah al-Battal quickly became the subject of popular tales and his fame grew, so that by the 10th century he was well established as one of the heroic figures of the Arab–Byzantine Wars: al-Mas'udi ("The Meadows of Gold", VIII, 74–75) ranks him among the "illustrious Muslims" whose portraits were displayed in Byzantine churches as a mark of respect. In the 10th–12th centuries his alleged role in the siege of Constantinople was embellished by the Persian historian Bal'ami and the Andalusian mystic Ibn Arabi. A number of fictional anecdotes became part of the accepted historical corpus around al-Battal from the time of Ibn 'Asakir (1106–1175) on: the use of his name to frighten children by the Byzantines; his entry into Amorion pretending to be a messenger and discovery of the Byzantine plans; his stay at a convent, whose abbess shielded him from Byzantine soldiers and whom he took with him and married; and finally his death in battle and burial, attended by Emperor Leo himself.
Al-Battal's exploits became the subject of two romances, the Arabic-language "Tale of Delhemma and al-Battal" ("Sīrat Ḏāt al-Himma wa-l-Baṭṭāl") and the Turkish epic tradition of "Sayyid Baṭṭāl Ghāzī". Although both were composed in the 12th century and draw upon a common Arabic tradition, they show significant differences, with the Turkish tale including many uniquely Turkic and Persian influences, including supernatural elements from folk tradition or motifs from the "Shahname" and the "Romance of Abu Muslim". Both romances place al-Battal in the mid-9th century and associate him with the epic cycle of Malatya and its emir, Umar al-Aqta (died 863), with the result that he became particularly associated with the city of Malatya and its region. In the "Delhemma", his own role in the Umayyad wars with Byzantium is taken over by the Kilabite hero al-Sahsah. In these tales al-Battal is presented as an Islamic analogue to Ulysses, to the extent that his name became a byword for cunning. The Turks adopted al-Battal following the Danishmendid conquest of Malatya in 1102, and he became prominent as a Turkish national hero and symbol of their conquest of Asia Minor. His stories ("Battalname") were reworked throughout the Seljuk and Ottoman periods, and he became the subject of a considerable body of folk tales. A cult developed around him as a saintly figure (""sayyid""), especially among the Alevi and Bektashi sects, and his supposed tomb at Seyitgazi became a major centre of pilgrimage until the early 20th century, drawing pilgrims from as far as Central Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="36861729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861729" title="Shaheen Fawz">
Shaheen Fawz

In 1963, Shaheen Fawz emerged as a national children organization. It played an active role specially in the then East Pakistan for a decade. It had branches all over the East Pakistan and in Lahore and Karachi. The founding president of this organization was Nur Mohammad Akon, a former deputy secretary of the Peoples Republic of Bangladesh. Those who were prominent among the members of central committee are, Barrister Qurban Ali, Shah Abdul Hannan (former Secretary of the Peoples Republic of Bangladesh), Muhammad Motiur Rahman, A.K.M. Muslem Uddin, Dr. Habibullah, Muhsin Uddin.
The organizational structure of Shaheen Fawz.
The central committee used to be consisting of Guardians and respected personalities. One of the central committee members used to be the president. The founding president of Shaheen Fawz was Mr. Nur Mohammad Akon. He was the president from 1963 to 1967. After him it was Mr. Mohammad Motiur Rahman (later became professor and the head of Bangla of the Asian University) who became the president. Mr. Motiur Rahman was the president from 1963-1971.
Anyone under 16 could have been the member of the organization with the permission of his guardian. There were several branches of Shaheen Fawz consisting of the members of it. There was a director for each branch. From its creation the central director of Shaheen Fawz was Mr. Kazi Shamsul Huq. He used to be the editor of a section of a weekly magazine, namely ‘Weekly Jahane Nao”. The name of that section was “ meeting of Shaheen”. He became popular for his editorial role as Shaheen vai Shaheen. There used to be a column in that section on the activities of Shaheen Fawz across the country. Mr. Kazi Shamsul Huq remained the central director till 1970. After him Mr. Masud Ali became the director and was in that role till the end of 1971. Mr. Kazi Shamsul Huq is now settled in New York and working as an editor of a Bengali Magazin namely “Ekhon Shomoy”. 
Those who were prominent among the active members of Shaheen Fawz are, Shah Abdul Halim (prominent columnist and political analyst), the president of Yoga Foundation Mr. Shahid Al-Bukhari, the Chairman of Mawshumi Industries Mr. Kazi Mahtab Uddin Ahmed, the News Editor of the Daily Inqilab Mr. Mohammad Musa and Dr. Shamsuddawla.
No activities of Shaheen Fawz are noticed after 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="36861732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861732" title="2012 Telangana protests">
2012 Telangana protests

The 2012 Telangana protests refers to a chain of protests as part of the Telangana movement, taking place in 2012. The year mainly dealt with two assembly bypolls, one in March and the other in June, with the BJP winning one, and the YSR Congress winning the other. Protests resumed in August when KCR gave a deadline to the centre to declare statehood in 2 weeks. On 19 January 2012, BJP led by State party president Kishan Reddy started the 22-day Telangana 'Poru Yatra', a journey of 3500 km in Telangana, to touch 986 villages and 88 assembly constituencies stressing the need for Telangana stance. Though the tour was successful in reiterating the party's pro-Telangana stance, it could not garner as much support as hoped because of the indifferent attitude of the TRS and TJAC. In fact the failure of the TRS in declaring its support to Kishan Reddy’s yatra has resulted in growing differences between the two parties.
__TOC__
Assembly bypolls.
March 2012.
Bye elections took place on 18 March in six Telangana assembly seats. Five seats fell vacant due to quitting of MLAs from Congress & TDP citing the unwillingness of their respective party leadership to take a stand on Telangana issue. The Mahbubnagar seat fell vacant due to the death of a sitting independent MLA. TRS won four out of five seats it contested with huge majorities ranging from 15,024 to 44,465. In two out of the four seats won by TRS (Kamareddy & Adilabad), the TRS candidates polled less number of votes compared to 2009 assembly elections when they contested as candidates from TDP which was in alliance with TRS. Ex-TDP MLA Nagam Janardhan Reddy won from Nagarkurnool seat as an independent with TJAC support. Congress lost deposit in one constituency and TDP in three constituencies.
In Mahbubnagar Assembly constituency which is part of the Parliament constituency represented by KCR, TRS lost to its TJAC partner BJP by a narrow marigin of 1897 votes. Congress was at 3rd place with 12000 votes less than BJP and TDP at 4th place and lost the deposit. In the run-up to the election, TRS didn't yield to BJP's request of letting it contest from the seat and instead fielded a Muslim candidate against the wishes of BJP. During campaigning, KCR exuded confidence that his party candidate had already won and that polls will just be a formality. The BJP candidate was issued a show cause notice for flaring up communal passions in his campaign speech.
Reacting to BJP's victory, All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) legislative assembly leader, Akbaruddin Owaisi, said that the result vindicated their stand on Telangana. He reiterated that MIM would now aggressively raise their voice for a United Andhra Pradesh to protect the interests of minorities. After communal clashes in Sangareddy and Hyderabad, Lateef Mohammad Khan, head of the Muslim Forum for Telangana also said that Muslims would prefer that the State remain united rather than a separate Telangana controlled by communal forces.
In the following days after the newly elected MLAs took oath, there were a spate of reports of people committing or attempting suicides allegedly protesting the delay in formation of separate State. Police later found evidence proving possible links between the suicides and victims' personal reasons. The suicides prompted violent protests by T activists. A bandh was called across the region by TRS to mourn the suicides. The bandh had minimal effect on Hyderbad city including areas near Osmania University. In the funeral procession of one of the victims, TRS & BJP cadres carried their party flags which drew criticism from other parties that those parties were politicising the suicides and sending a wrong signal to people that suicides are glorified by their parties.
None of the main parties that were claiming to be fighting for Telangana state produced any accurate data to substantiate their claims on number of suicides. The claims varied from 315 (which is the official record) to 850 people. A senior minister from Telangana region admitted that even if facts were known, they weren't likely to reveal since the issue is delicate.
In April 2012, the Supreme Court severely reprimanded the state government for not responding to its notice regarding its failure to rein in Telangana agitators who had indulged in “sheer goondaism and vandalism” in the AP High Court premises during a stir in September 2010. This was in response to a plea filed by an advocate who alleged that during the agitation irate lawyers entered courtroom, threatened the Judge and indulged in vandalism.
June 2012.
Bye-polls were conducted for 18 Assembly seats and 1 Parliament seat on 12 June. These were necessitated after 17 MLAs (including Parkal MLA from Telangana region) & 1 MP were disqualified after they supported the YSR Congress party (YSRCP). Another seat fell vacant due to the resignation of Chiranjeevi after he became a Rajya Sabha member.
In the run up to Parkal bye-poll, TRS campaigned that the YSR Congress & TDP were both anti-telangana and claimed that both will be routed in the elections. BJP also did an aggressive campaign in Parkal by deploying several of its national leaders and CMs of other states to boost its campaign for carving out the Telangana state. YSRCP campaigned that their candidate had also earlier resigned for the cause of Telangana and they respect the sentiments of Telangana and don't oppose the formation of Telangana. TDP leaders said their party will give a letter to central government supporting Telangana right after elections. Some Congress leaders campaigned in the Seema-Andhra region that if the YSR Congress party won the elections, Telangana state will be formed.
Overall, the YSRCP won 15 assembly seats and the lone Parliament seat in Seema-Andhra region. TRS's candidate managed to win the Parkal seat with a slender majority of 1562 votes over YSRCP candidate Konda Surekha. TDP finished third after polling 30,000 votes and retained its deposit. Both BJP & Congress lost their deposits. TRS leaders who were unhappy with the slender majority blamed it on the split of pro-Telangana votes and also due to electroral signs (Auto and hat) of some independents which they claimed looked similar to their electoral symbol – Car. They also alleged that their rivals spent an unprecedented amount of money, and distributed liquor and cotton seeds. BJP also attributed their defeat to YSRCP & TRS wooing of voters with gold coins, liquor and cotton seeds. Congress observer Vayalar Ravi noted that TRS faring badly in the election raises questions if Telangana sentiment is still prevailing.
Reacting to the results, Telangana Congress MPs said that their party will not exist in Telangana for its anti-Telangana approach TRS leader Vinod Kumar said that all the votes polled in Parkal were cast in favour of the Telangana sentiment and reiterated that the Congress has to realise that it is losing its base in the entire state TDP Telangana Forum convenor Errabelli Dayakar Rao commented that the Parkal result is like a "slap" on TRS and that the people of Telangana have realised how TRS is cheating them.
Campaigns and other protests.
On 14 August 2012, KCR gave a deadline to the centre to declare statehood in 2 weeks and promised to launch another round of agitation if the centre doesn't. He later declared that he got feelers that a positive announcement will be made by Eid. In another interview after Eid, he remarked that Sonia Gandhi has always been in favour of Telangana and that the central government will call his party for discussions in "few weeks or so" On 6 September, KCR left for Delhi and announced that the issue will be resolved by end of September. After his 23-day stay in Delhi, KCR returned to Hyderabad with the hoping for a final round of talks with the Congress leadership would be held soon on the issue. He claimed that his discussions with several leaders was fruitful.
His son and Sircilla legislator KT Rama Rao also said that Telangana will become a reality before the 2014 general election. Reacting to this, TRS leader and KCR's nephew T Harish Rao announced that the party was ready to merge into congress upon the grant of a separate state. He also demanded that the merger would only be advantageous to the congress party. He threatened congress leaders about an "action plan" that the TRS would go ahead with, otherwise.
On 1 September, The Hindu reported that the BJP and people of Telangana want the issue to be resolved as soon as possible as the delays and the long-lasting protests have been causing immense losses to the region, development-wise. Later that day, the BJP announced that they would start campaigning for Telangana from 3 September. BJP State Unit President Kishan Reddy announced that he would lead a three-day hunger strike at Delhi's Jantar Mantar in support of the demand.
In September 2012, Sushilkumar Shinde, the newly appointed home minister of India commented that the Telangana demand needs to be handled carefully since similarly carved smaller states saw increased Naxal problems. Addressing a public meeting in Nizamabad district, AIMIM president Asaduddin Owaisi said that formation of a separate Telangana state is not possible and reaffirmed his party's stand on the issue. He also said that Muslims would not accept a separate state.
Telangana activists desecrated the statue of former Chief Minister Kasu Brahmananda Reddy outside the Kasu Brahmananda Reddy National Park. A home guard & a constable was roughed up by the mob and pamphlets of Telangana United Front (TUF) were found at the site. TUF leader Vimalakka was arrested under sections 147, 148, 149, 332, 335, 425 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and other sections of the Prevention of Damage to Public Property (PDPP) Act after she confessed her involvement in the desecration. She was later released on bail.
Telangana March.
After setting 30 September as the deadline for the Centre to announce the formation of Telangana, the TJAC threatened to organise a 'Telangana March' in Hyderabad on the lines of the 'Dandi March' .
Anticipating violence and possibility of attack on properties of Andhraites, Police initially refused permission to the march which is scheduled around the time of Ganesh Nimmajjan on 29 September and UN conference on Bio diversity on 1 October. The Police begun checking buses and trains entering the city and students who are trying to enter the city to participate in the protest are being sent back. They identified troublemakers and arrested certain pro-Telangana activists throughout the Telangana region. Police said that there are intelligence reports that the protestors could attack properties of people of Seemandhra. Congress MP Madhu Yaskhi Goud warned that people supporting United Andhra should not live in the Telangana region and wanted protestors to attack the properties of Seemandhra MPs during the march. He was later gheraoed by pro-Telangana activists in his own Lok Sabha constituency of Nizamabad who described him as "Telangana Betrayer" and demanded his resignation to show his commitment on the issue.
All pro-Telangana parties pledged their support to the march. Certain eminent citizens of Telangana wrote a letter to the President of India asking for permission for march and expressed their concern that forceful preventive detentions of leaders will lead to more counter violence from the protestors.
On 28 September, after long discussions between JAC leaders and ministers from Telangana region, the state government ignoring warnings about possible breakdown of law & order, gave permission to the March. The JAC leaders gave written assurance to the government that the agitation programme will be conducted in a peaceful and "gandhian" manner from 3 pm to 7 pm on 30 September on the Necklace road on the edge of Hussain Sager lake. Indian Railways cancelled several express & passenger trains and all local and sub-urban train services in Hyderabad reportedly on the advice of Police. Amidst allegations from JAC leaders of having arrested a lot of Telangana supporters and preventing their movement towards Necklace road, Police claimed that they did not make any fresh arrests and that all those arrested prior to the permission were released. They allowed entry to the venue through 3 designated routes while pro-Telangana groups demanded access through all routes. The Police also said that there was no permission for any other rallies in the city.
Day of the march.
On 30 September, the day of the march, Police closed the gates and blocked students at the Osmania University gate and other protestors at several places in the city when they were proceeding in rallies towards the March venue. When they were stopped from breaking through barricades and trying to proceed through prohibited areas such as Raj Bhavan, the protestors threw stones at the Police. Police responded with lathicharge, water cannons and tear gas shells. Congress MPs from Telangana were arrested in front of Chief minister's office when they staged a dharna as they were not allowed to meet him over the detention of their party supporters who were stopped from reaching the venue.
Though Police sealed all the entry points to the Necklace Road and opened only the Buddha Bhavan route, by 4 pm around 2 lakh protestors including various party leaders and their supporters reached the venue from all routes. Coming under attack from both sides, the police ceded the entire Necklace Road to the protesters who marched on till Jal Vihar. According to the Police, the protesters torched two police vehicles at People's Plaza on the Necklace Road. The mobs also set afire three police vehicles, a couple of media outdoor broadcasting vans, machinery and a temporary cabin room of a construction company. The protesters made an attempt to set on fire a local train at Khairatabad station. At the railway’s Hussainsagar junction cabin, around 1,000 Telangana supporters went on a rampage overpowering over 100 uniformed men stationed in the area and burnt down the cabin after manhandling railway staff. The entire signalling system was damaged and officials pegged the loss at around Rs. 60 lakh.
All Telugu news channels covering the March were blocked by police for some time. The move was apparently aimed at preventing the spread of violence to other parts of the city.
In his address to the crowds, M. Kodandaram said that peaceful and disciplined soldiers were fighting for the Telangana statehood. He said that they did not want to indulge in any kind of violence, in spite of hurdles being put up by the police to prevent people attending the March. He also alleged that some conspirators from other regions of the state had already infiltrated and trying to create violence and throw the blame on the protestors. He appealed not to destroy public properties, attack or manhandle media-persons.
After 7 pm, TJAC leaders violated the deadline and refused to leave the venue till the government issues a statement on Telangana. Police first used water cannons and later lobbed tear gas shells on the crowd and on to the stage to force the protestors to leave the venue. Finally at midnight the JAC called off the March citing heavy rain and injured supporters. Seeing an helicopter circle over the venue for few times, some protestors speculated that the government used cloud seeding to cause heavy rains. The TJAC declared a bandh for the next two days and vowed to launch a hunger strike across the region. They also announced that the agitation would take a serious turn, if the police continued to use repression to stop them. Kodandaram demanded the resignation of ministers from the region and force them to pressurise the Central government to grant the separate state. Police officials claimed that the obstacles put by them made it possible to reduce number of protestors which otherwise would have been running up to many lakhs.
Aftermath.
The next day, Local police registered 15 cases against Kodandaram and others for conducting the march beyond the permitted time of 7 pm and till midnight and also for violence during the march. Railway police also registered cases against unidentified persons for damage to the signalling system at Lakdikapul. The cases have been booked for unlawful assembly, rioting, arson, mischief with fire and criminal conspiracy. In some cases, Sections dealing with attempt to murder have been included as several policemen, including an IPS official, were injured. Cases were booked against the student leaders of TSJAC, OUJAC, Telangana Vidyarti Parishad and TVV. The bandh drew little response in Hyderabad and was partial in Telangana districts. Osmania University students again resorted to stone throwing and police retaliated by using tear gas shells.
TJAC convenor Swamy Goud claimed that they failed to lead the rally effectively and that they could have been more assertive to regulate mischievous elements. They claimed that this experience has shown the need to have a stronger leadership, and appealed to KCR to lead from the front. He later joined the TRS and KCR announced him as their party MLC candidate for the forthcoming elections in the region.
All Party meeting in December 2012.
On 28 December 2012 a meeting was organized by Sushilkumar Shinde, home minister of India, to discuss the Telangana issue. It was atteneded by 8 political parties having significant presence in the state legislature. After hearing views of all the parties, the home minister said that this will be the last such meeting on this issue and that the government will come up with a decision within 30 days. In the meeting, MIM & CPI(M) reiterated their strong opposition to division of the state. YSR Congress remained neutral and requested the central government to take a decision. Congress representatives gave conflicting views, one supporting the division & one opposing it. TDP representatives gave a letter signed by its president which said that it never withdrawn its letter to Pranab Mukharjee in 2008 supporting Telangana state formation. Telangana JAC demanded more clarity from Telugu Desam before they allow TDP to be a member of JAC.

</doc>
<doc id="36861734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861734" title="Outer membrane porin D">
Outer membrane porin D

Outer membrane porin D is a protein family containing bacterial outer membrane porins which are involved in transport of cationic amino acids, peptides, antibiotics and other compounds. 
It was also described as having some serine protease activity. However many of these proteins are not peptidases and are classified as non-peptidase homologues as they either have been found experimentally to be without peptidase activity, or lack amino acid residues that are believed to be essential for the catalytic activity of peptidases in the S43 family.

</doc>
<doc id="36861743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861743" title="Tatarsky (inhabited locality)">
Tatarsky (inhabited locality)

Tatarsky (; masculine), Tatarskaya (; feminine), or Tatarskoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36861744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861744" title="Tatarsky">
Tatarsky

Tatarsky (masculine), Tatarskaya (feminine), or Tatarskoye (neuter) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36861746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861746" title="Al-Bahluliyah">
Al-Bahluliyah

Al-Bahluliyah () is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia. Nearby localities include Al-Shamiyah and Burj Islam to the west, Sitmarkho and al-Qanjarah to the southwest and al-Haffah to the southeast. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, al-Bahluliyah had a population of 4,665 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites. 

</doc>
<doc id="36861754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861754" title="134th Georgia General Assembly">
134th Georgia General Assembly

Overview.
The 134th General Assembly of the U.S. state of Georgia convened its first session on January 10, 1977, at the Georgia State Capitol in Atlanta. The 134th Georgia General Assembly succeeded the 133rd and served as the precedent for the 135th General Assembly in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="36861756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861756" title="Aleksandar Mitrović (footballer)">
Aleksandar Mitrović (footballer)

Aleksandar Mitrović (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Митровић; born 16 September 1994) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a striker for Jupiler Pro League club Anderlecht and the Serbian national team.
At the age of 18, Mitrović was named among the top 10 talents under the age of 19 in Europe by a selection of UEFA reporters.
Club career.
Early years.
Born in Smederevo, Mitrović came to Partizan at the age of 11 and went through the youth system of the club. Before being promoted to the first team, he made his senior debut with their affiliated side Teleoptik in the 2011–12 season, scoring seven goals in 25 league matches.
Partizan.
On 27 June 2012, together with two Teleoptik teammates, Mitrović signed his first professional contract with Partizan, on a four-year deal. He made his official debut for the club in a Champions League qualifier against Maltese side Valletta, scoring a goal nine minutes after coming on as a substitute. On 23 August 2012, Mitrović scored a header against Tromsø in the Europa League play-off round. Three days later, he scored his first league goal in a home fixture against Jagodina. On 17 November 2012, Mitrović scored the opening goal in his first ever Eternal derby, which Partizan eventually lost 3–2. Five days later, he also scored in a 1–1 away draw with Azerbaijani side Neftchi Baku during the Europa League group stage. By the end of his debut season, Mitrović was Partizan's top scorer in all competitions with 15 goals in 36 appearances even though he was one of the youngest players of the team. Due to his displays, he earned a place in Jelen SuperLiga's Team of the Season selection. Additionally, Serbian sports portal "Mozzart Sport" rated Mitrović third of 25 best players in the national league for that season.
Anderlecht.
On 12 August 2013, after much speculation, it was announced on Partizan's official website that Mitrović was sold to Anderlecht and that he will join the Belgian club on 30 August 2013 at the request of the player and his family. The transfer fee was €5 million, which is Anderlecht's record signing fee. On 1 September 2013, Mitrović provided two assists on his debut for the club after coming on as a substitute at the beginning of the second half in a league match against Zulte Waregem.
On 10 December 2013, in the last round of the Champions League Group C against Olympiacos, Mitrović replaced goalkeeper Silvio Proto who had been sent off, but failed to save a penalty from Alejandro Domínguez.
International career.
With four goals, Mitrović was the top scorer of the Serbian national under-19 team in their successful qualifying campaign for the 2012 UEFA Under-19 Championship. On 3 July 2012, the opening day of the final tournament, he was sent off during a match against France U19, which caused him to miss the rest of the competition due to suspension. On 26 March 2013, Mitrović scored two goals in a friendly for Serbia's U21 team against Bulgaria U21.
Mitrović earned his first call up to the Serbian senior national team by coach Siniša Mihajlović for a 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Belgium. He played 69 minutes on his debut and earned a yellow card after stepping on Axel Witsel's foot, before being substituted by Marko Šćepović. Subsequently, Mitrović was called up by Serbia's U19 coach Ljubinko Drulović for two qualification matches for the 2013 UEFA Under-19 Championship taking place after his debut with the senior national side against Belgium. Mitrović was also a member of the squad that traveled to Lithuania for the final tournament, where he established himself as one of the key players in Serbia's U19 team which won the competition for the first time in the history of Serbian football. He contributed by scoring a goal and providing two assists during the contest (including one in the final match against France U19). Also, Mitrović was named the tournament's Golden Player for his performances.
On 6 September 2013, Mitrović scored his first goal for the senior side in a 1–1 home draw against Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="36861758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861758" title="2010 Kobalt Tools 500">
2010 Kobalt Tools 500

2010 Kobalt Tools 500 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36861800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861800" title="Villa Paz S.A.">
Villa Paz S.A.

Villa Paz S.A. is an urban fragment adjoined to the city of La Paz in the Canelones Department, southern Uruguay. 
Location.
It is located west at the west part of the city and north of the city centre. It is separated by a quarry to its east from the rest of the urban area and joined with it to the north and the to the south by Manuel Tiscornia street.
Population.
According to the 2011 census, Villa Paz S.A. has a population of 542.
Source: "Instituto Nacional de Estadística de Uruguay"

</doc>
<doc id="36861819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861819" title="The Second Woman (2012 film)">
The Second Woman (2012 film)

The Second Woman (Chinese: 情谜, Qing mi) is a 2012 Chinese-Hong Kong film directed by Carol Lai.

</doc>
<doc id="36861833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861833" title="Milton Keynes Marathon">
Milton Keynes Marathon

The Milton Keynes Marathon is an annual marathon held in Milton Keynes, England. The inaugural event was held in April 2012 and attracted 4,400 runners. The start and finish of the event are based at the StadiumMK football stadium, home of Milton Keynes Dons F.C. The 2012 event was won by Team Mizuno runner Dave Mitchinson with a time of two hours 41 minutes and 54 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="36861850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861850" title="Chris Robison">
Chris Robison

Chris Robison is an American musician and songwriter. Having played in the bands Steam and Elephant's Memory he went on to release two albums in the early 1970s that were among the first to deal with explicitly gay themes. These were, "Chris Robison and His Many Hand Band" (1973) and "Manchild" (1974), both released on Gypsy Frog Records. The former has been released on CD. The style of these albums differed from the glam rock that was in vogue at the time, being much more varied, improvisational and loose. Where glam artists from the time, such as Jobriath, wrapped homosexual themes in a veneer of science fiction and otherworldliness, Robison was much more direct in his approach, with songs such as "Doctor Doctor" and "Looking for a Boy Tonight", both from his first album, dealing with the issue head on. He now teaches piano, keyboard, guitar and songwriting and is the founder of Half Mile Music Studios near Coleytown.

</doc>
<doc id="36861865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861865" title="St Matthew's Church, Burnley">
St Matthew's Church, Burnley

St Matthew's Church, Burnley, is located in St Matthew Street, Burnley, Lancashire, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Burnley, the archdeaconry of Blackburn, and the diocese of Blackburn.
History.
St Matthew's was designed by William Waddington and Sons and built between 1876 and 1879. The Lancaster firm of architects Paley and Austin had taken part in the competition for the design, but had been unsuccessful. Miss Halsted of Hood House laid the foundation stone on 7 October 1876. The church was consecrated on 1 November 1879 by the Bishop of Manchester. It contained stained glass windows designed by Kempe and Burne-Jones.
Vestments, lighted candles and birettas, in the Anglo-Catholic tradition, were used until the 1880s, but caused disquiet in the diocese. The Bishop of Manchester refused to allow the parish to have an assistant curate until the incumbent had made assurances about the church's position. The use of two altar candles and an adherence to Anglican liturgy is still reflected in the worship at the church.
In 1924 electric lighting was installed. On Christmas Day 1927 the church was destroyed by fire caused by the electrics, leaving only the walls standing; it was rebuilt between 1929 and 1931 supervised by Henry Paley of Austin and Paley, the successor in the Lancaster practice. The work cost £14,093 (£ as of ), and provided seating for 620 people. The rebuilt church was opened by the Bishop of Blackburn. Revd F Jones served between 1923 and 1945. In the 1970s St Matthew's integrated with Holy Trinity Church.
Architecture.
The church is designed in the style of the 13th century, with a turret at the southwest corner. The stained glass includes a window dating from 1951 by Harry Stammers. The original pipe organ of 1880, designed by Jardine of Manchester was destroyed in the fire. It was replaced by a three-manual organ which had been built in 1920 for a church in Farnworth by Alexander Young, also of Manchester. This was moved to Burnley and rebuilt in St Matthew's in 1933 by Laycock and Bannister of Cross Hills.
References.
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36861879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861879" title="Gessler Clinic">
Gessler Clinic

Gessler Clinic, P.A., is one of two large outpatient clinic systems based in Winter Haven, Florida. The other is Bond Clinic, P.A.. Gessler has six locations, all in Winter Haven. Residents of other area communities visit Gessler.
History.
Gessler Clinic was founded in January 1957 by three physicians, Ivan Gessler, Newell J. Griffith and Charles T. Parks. It purchased the building next to the main clinic in February 1997. The purchased building became Gessler Annex. Over the years Gessler expanded to other locations to become one of the larger clinic systems in central Florida.
Services.
Gessler Clinic has a number of medical providers. Its medical staff consists of the following:
Specialties include pain management, allergy/immunology, gynecology, podiatry, internal medicine, family practice and pulmonology. The various facilities of the clinic provide in-house laboratory services, various radiology services, holter monitoring and stress testing.
Clinic locations.
Gessler Clinic offers services from six locations, all in Winter Haven. The addresses and coordinates for the individual locations are:
The main clinic and annex are next to each other, the buildings separated by only about . The women's center and the Orthopedic Division are also next to each other. Also, on the block to the west of the main clinic is a building used for administrative purposes. It is on South Lake Silver Drive.
Ratings.
The Vitals website provides patient rating information related to Gessler Clinic. Patients fill out surveys through the Vitals website concerning their experiences with individual physicians and related medical providers at the Clinic. Gessler itself is not directly rated through this website. As of July 2012, 125 patients rated medical providers at Gessler. The overall patient rating of providers was three of a possible four stars. Also, the patient surveys address the amount of time the patient waits to see a provider once he/she enters the provider waiting area. The national average wait time is twenty-one minutes and the average time at Gessler is twenty-two minutes. The Healthgrades website provides basic information on Gessler, but almost no provider ratings are on its website.
In May 2012 documents with personal information from about 1,400 patients were stolen from Gessler Clinic. In response, Gessler offered a free year of credit monitoring services to patients affected by this theft.

</doc>
<doc id="36861886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861886" title="Kelly v Solari">
Kelly v Solari

Kelly v Solari (1841) 152 ER 24 is an early common law case, where the principle of unjust enrichment underpinned the decision of the court.
Facts.
Mr Solari died. His widow claimed under his life insurance policy as executrix. The insurers later found they were not in fact liable to pay because he had not paid a premium instalment. The policy had been marked lapsed, but the office had not checked.
Judgment.
The Court of Exchequer held that the widow was bound to repay. Her lack of fault was irrelevant or that the insurers were careless.
Parke B, said if the money, 
Rolfe B said to the fact that Mrs Solari was innocent ‘it cannot be otherwise than unconscientious to retain it.’ (i.e. the money).

</doc>
<doc id="36861900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861900" title="Charles Bowle-Evans">
Charles Bowle-Evans

Major-General Charles Harford Bowle-Evans CMG CBE (19 October 1867 – 23 August 1942), born Charles Harford Evans, was an officer in the Indian Medical Service.
Bowle-Evans was the son of John Bowle-Evans. He was commissioned surgeon-lieutenant in the IMS on the Bengal Establishment in January 1894. He served in Waziristan in 1894–1895 and Chitral in 1895, was promoted surgeon-captain in January 1897, served on the North-West Frontier in 1897–1898, and in the Boxer Rebellion in China in 1900. He was promoted major in 1905 and lieutenant-colonel in 1913. 
During the First World War, he served in Europe from 1914 to 1915, for which he was appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in 1915. He served with the Bushire Field Force in Persia in 1919 as a temporary colonel, for which he was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in January 1920. He was promoted substantive colonel in 1921 and major-general in 1923, when he was appointed director of medical services to HM Forces in India. He retired in October the same year due to poor health and settled in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
He married Ellen Stevenson, daughter of Major-General William Flack Stevenson of the Royal Army Medical Corps, in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="36861907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861907" title="2012–13 Colgate Raiders women's ice hockey season">
2012–13 Colgate Raiders women's ice hockey season

The Colgate Raiders represented Colgate University in ECAC women's ice hockey. The Raiders are attempting to participate in the NCAA Frozen Four for the first time in school history.

</doc>
<doc id="36861929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861929" title="British Journal of Educational Studies">
British Journal of Educational Studies

British Journal of Educational Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal of educational studies established in 1952. The journal is published by Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Society for Educational Studies. The editor-in-chief is James Arthur (University of Birmingham).
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is indexed and abstracted in:
In 2011, the journal had an impact factor of 0.568, ranking it 118th out of 203 journals in the category "Education & Educational Research".

</doc>
<doc id="36861930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861930" title="Oktoberfest of Blumenau">
Oktoberfest of Blumenau

The Oktoberfest of Blumenau is a festival of Germanic traditions that happens in middle October in the city of Blumenau, Santa Catarina, Brazil. It is considered the biggest German festival of South America, and the one of the biggest Oktoberfest celebration along with the Kitchener-Waterloo Oktoberfest and after the original Oktoberfest from Munich.
It takes place at "Parque Vila Germânica" (Germanic Village Park), located in the "Bairro da Velha" (District of the Old Woman), and lasts for 18 days.
History.
The Oktoberfest of Blumenau was created at 1984, after a big flooding of Itajaí-Açu river, with the objective of recuperating the city's economy and raising the morale of its inhabitants. Even before that owners of industries and commercial buildings in the city were already planning to make some festival like the original form Munich, but the flood was an important event that set the festival in motion. Since its first edition it has been a success, and today it has an attendance of about than 700,000/year. During the event happens folk dance ("Tanzgruppen)", shooting matches ("Schützenvereine"), German singing, folk costume and german cuisine. "Fritz" and "Frida" are the typical German characters. The ""Vovó e Vovô Chopão"" (Grandma and Grandpa "Chopão", "Big Beer") are the official symbolic characters of the event.
Queen of the Oktoberfest.
Every year is chosen a Queen of Oktoberfest. There are 10 candidates, who must compete wearing costumes in the categories posture; resourcefulness on the catwalk; communication skills; beauty and friendliness. If there are more than 10 candidates, there is a pre-selection. The first 3 are classified; the 1st place is elected as the Queen of Oktoberfest, followed by the 1st and 2nd Princess of Oktoberfest.
National Competition of Chopp in Meter Drinkers.
The National Competition of Chopp in Meter Drinkers is a competition that takes place during the event. By its rules, the competitor has to drink one meter of beer (600ml tulip) without drooling or taking the tulip off the mouth, the winner being whoever drinks in less time. Each night of the competition there is a winner, and at the end of the event it is known who has the least time on all days of competition in the two suits, male and female.

</doc>
<doc id="36861998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36861998" title="Foss Cross Quarry">
Foss Cross Quarry

Foss Cross Quarry () is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1972. The site is listed in the 'Cotswold District' Local Plan 2001-2011 (on line) as a Key Wildlife Site (KWS) and a Regionally Important Geological Site (RIGS).
Location and geology.
The site lies in the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and provides important exposures of White Limestone Formation (Middle Jurassic) in the county. The rocks have been interpreted as deposits which were laid down c.165 million years ago in a warm, shallow sea. The conditions for that exist today on the Bahama Banks in the Caribbean. There is a well-developed sedimentary structure with a variety of fossils.
The site is also important for the red fossil alga "(Solenopora jurassica)". This is called "Beetroot Stone". Areas of hardened sea floor also occur. The site is a significant research area and has enabled geologists to reconstruct the environments of the ancient seas which covered much of Gloucestershire and Oxfordshire during the Middle Jurassic time interval.

</doc>
<doc id="36862002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862002" title="Charles Ogston">
Charles Ogston

Brigadier-General Charles Ogston CB CMG DSO (14 September 1877 – 10 November 1944) was a British Army staff officer.
Ogston was the son of Alexander Milne Ogston of Ardoe, Kincardineshire. He was educated at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst and commissioned second lieutenant in the Gordon Highlanders in November 1897. He served on the North-West Frontier of India from 1897 to 1898 and in the Second Boer War from 1899 to 1902. He was promoted lieutenant in July 1899 and captain in January 1902 and served as adjutant from January 1906 to January 1909. He attended the Staff College from January 1910.
He then served in a series of staff appointments, as a deputy assistant adjutant and quartermaster-general from August 1912, assistant quartermaster-general (as a temporary lieutenant-colonel) from January 1916, and deputy adjutant and quartermaster-general (as a temporary brigadier-general) from October 1918. He was promoted temporary major in August 1914 and substantive major in 1915. During his active service in the First World War he was mentioned in despatches, and he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order (DSO) in June 1915, promoted brevet lieutenant-colonel in January 1917, and appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in 1918. He was also appointed Commander of the Italian Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus, and awarded the French "croix de guerre" and the Italian "Croce di Guerra".
He served in South Russia during the Russian Civil War in 1919, for which he was appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in November 1919.
He was promoted substantive lieutenant-colonel in December 1920 and colonel in April 1923. He served as assistant adjutant-general from April 1923 and deputy director of recruiting and organisation at the War Office (with the temporary rank of colonel on the staff) from 1924 to April 1925, when he retired with the honorary rank of brigadier-general.
His home was at Kildrummy Castle in Aberdeenshire.

</doc>
<doc id="36862013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862013" title="Bertrando Spaventa">
Bertrando Spaventa

Bertrando Spaventa was a leading Italian philosopher of the 19th century whose ideas had an important influence on the changes that took place during the unification of Italy and on philosophical thought in the 20th century.
Biography.
Elder brother of Italian patriot Silvio Spaventa, Bertrando was born into a middle-class family in financial difficulty. His mother, Maria Anna Croce, was the great-aunt of philosopher Benedetto Croce.
He was educated at the Diocesan Seminary in Chieti and ordained there. In 1838 he moved, along with his brother, to Montecassino to take up the post of teacher of mathematics and rhetoric at the local seminary. In 1840 he went to Naples to continue his education. By learning German and English, he became one of the first Italian thinkers of the period to read the works of foreign philosophers in the original. He moved in liberal circles and became close to thinkers like Ottavio Colecchi (in Italian) and Antonio Tari (in Italian), set up his own philosophy school and also helped edit "Il Nazionale", the newspaper founded and edited by his brother, Silvio. In 1849, following the repeal of the Constitution by Ferdinando II and the arrest of Silvio, he left Naples: first for Florence, then Turin. After abandoning the priesthood, he began work as a journalist for the Piedmontese publications "Il Progresso", "Il Cimento", "Il Piemonte", and "Rivista Contemporanea". While in Turin, Spaventa drew close to the ideas of Hegel, working out his philosophical system and political thought, and engaging in a polemic with "La Civiltà Cattolica", the Jesuit's journal, arguing against the idea that religion was necessary for human development.
In 1858 he took up the chair of philosophy of law at the University of Modena, followed by that of history of philosophy at Bologna in 1860, then philosophy at the University of Naples in the following year. In a series of lectures, given in Bologna in 1860, he first expounded his theory on the circular movement of philosophical thought between Italy and Europe. Although the accepted view then was that Italian philosophy had always remained loyal to the Platonic-Christian tradition, Spaventa sought to demonstrate that modern, secular, idealist, philosophy had originated in Italy, even though it had reached its highest form in Germany. He attributed the sorry state of philosophy in 19th century Italy to the lack of intellectual freedom following the Counter-Reformation, as well as to the oppression of despotic rulers. Furthermore, he attempted to equate the philosophy of Descartes to that of Tommaso Campanella, of Baruch Spinoza to that of Giordano Bruno, of Immanuel Kant to that of Giambattista Vico and Antonio Rosmini, and of the German Idealists to that of Vincenzo Gioberti. His aim in this was to free Italian philosophy of its provincialism and bring new life to it without falling into the trap of the nationalists, against whom he wrote a vigorous polemic.
Spaventa spread the influence of Hegelian Idealism in Italy: his work influenced profoundly Giovanni Gentile; Benedetto Croce, who moved in with Silvio Spaventa after his parents had died, attended Bertrand's lectures, liking them particularly for their liberalism. Other members of his “school” include Sebastiano Maturi (in Italian), Donato Jaja (in Italian), Filippo Masci (in Italian), Felice Tocco (in Italian), and Antonio Labriola.
Bertrando Spaventa also served three terms as Member of Parliament in the Kingdom of Italy. He supported secular policies, linked to a strong feeling for the state, based on universal suffrage . This would form the source of inspiration for the development of a harmonious society, in which individuals and the community could find the necessary resources for growth in an “orderly and just” manner.

</doc>
<doc id="36862029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862029" title="Diana Martín">
Diana Martín

Diana Martín (born 1 April 1981 in Madrid) is a Spanish athlete. She competed in the 3000 metres steeplechase at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 21st with a time of 9:35.77, a personal best.

</doc>
<doc id="36862048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862048" title="Professor Layton and the Azran Legacy">
Professor Layton and the Azran Legacy

Professor Layton and the Azran Legacy, known in Japan as , is a puzzle game developed by Level-5 for the Nintendo 3DS. It is the sixth entry in the "Professor Layton" series, making up the third part of the prequel trilogy of games and according to Level 5 CEO Akihiro Hino, it will be the last Layton title to star Layton himself as the protagonist. The game was released in Japan on February 28, 2013, Europe on November 8, 2013, and Australia on November 9, 2013. The game was released in North America on February 28, 2014.
Story.
Following the conclusion of Professor Layton and the Miracle Mask, the Azran Legacies, the relic of an ancient civilization, are now possessed by a mysterious organization named Targent, who wish to utilize the Azran's power for themselves. In addition, Jean Descole, Targent's rival, also wishes to utilize the Azran Legacies, thus setting the stage as the conflict for the Legacies unfolds. The story begins with Layton, Luke and Emmy boarding the airship Bostonius. They discuss the letter they received from Professor Sycamore, an eminent archaeologist, who told the professor that he had found a so-called living "mummy". They travel to Froenberg, where they meet Sycamore and Aurora, a girl frozen in ice. After solving a puzzle that frees her from the ice, she is captured by an organization called Targent, led by a man named Bronev. Targent then escapes with Aurora onboard their version of the Bostonius and Layton, Luke, Emmy, Sycamore and Raymond, Sycamore's butler, give chase in the Bostonius. Layton and Luke rescue her and find she has lost her memory before Layton accidentally drops her as they are flying over forest woodland.
They find they are in the town of Kodh, and the next chapter follows their escapade through the town to find Aurora. When they first see Aurora, she appears to be walking on water, but Layton figures that there is ice underneath the ocean which can be used as stepping stones. They eventually make their way across the lake to Aurora, and find her speaking mysterious word in an unknown language. Her words open an Azran chamber located under the huge lake surrounding Kodh. There they find that they must recover the five Azran eggs, scattered around the world by their leader, to unlock the Azran Legacy.
In order to prepare for their global expedition, Layton, Luke, Emmy, Aurora and Sycamore depart for London. The intention was to stock up on necessary supplies, but they meet Inspector Grosky, who is investigating Targent. They then investigate a case where the local museum had been robbed of several archaeological artefacts, and uncover Targent's involvement, and that someone in the London police force was involved in the crime. Layton then identifies the perpetrator as Detective Inspector Leonard Bloom, and having become recently aware of Targent, is able to expose him as a Targent agent. As a result, Bloom is arrested, and the party is free to embark upon their expedition. However, Targent continues to pursue them.
Layton's group travel to five different locations to acquire the eggs, each town requiring their aid. In the jungle village of Phong Gi, the chief of the tribe is only willing to give the egg to them if they can make him laugh. Layton eventually realises he is blind and handcrafts some glasses for him; in return, he is given the egg. In the tropical town of San Grio, the party learns that the egg is passed around the townsfolk as part of a tradition. In the desert ghost town of Torrido, it is revealed that an old wolf that keeps attacking the town has the egg, but in reality the wolf is merely trying to visit an old friend from many years ago. In the windy village of Hoogland, the group learns of a tradition where a young woman is seemingly sacrificed in order to appease a wind god, but discover there is an Azran machine, currently broken, that is creating the stormy winds. After fixing the machine, the townsfolk give them the egg. Finally, in the walled off city of Mossinia, Layton's group find themselves in a mystery after learning all of the adults are comatose. After successfully filling the waterways in the town, the adults are revived and the party receive the final egg.
After retrieving the five eggs, Aurora attempts to unlock her true power and regain all of her memories, but soon finds out one of the eggs is a fake. They head back to the Azran dome in Kodh and find out the last egg was there previously, but was taken by Targent and a fake one was put in its place, so Layton, Luke, Emmy, Aurora and Sycamore fly to Targent's base of operations called the Nest to retrieve the final egg. On the way they meet up with an archaeologist from Kodh who attempts to hijack Targent's airship, but ultimately succumbs to his injuries sustained by Targent. He is taken away from the Nest to be hospitalized by two former Targent agents, and the group makes it to the Obsidian Tower located at the heart of the Nest. They scale the tower and make it to the top, reaching Bronev's office. There, Bronev offers Layton a spot on Targent which he declines. The two then proceed to play a game for the last egg, with Layton coming out as the victor. Before he hands the egg though, Bronev shows Layton video footage of his parents Lucille and Roland. He then proceeds to threaten their lives if Layton does not join Targent. Prompts by Sycamore allow Layton to decline the offer once again, and Bronev leaves the Nest while the group takes the final egg. 
Ultimately, the five keys join together to form a master key. Sycamore betrays the professor, revealing his Descole persona in front of the group. Later, Emmy follows suit, revealing that she had been working for her "uncle", Leon Bronev, the head of Targent, all along. She and Bronev take Aurora into the bowels of the earth, intending to use her power to unlock what they perceive to be the "Azran legacy". With these revelations, Descole forms an alliance with Layton to fight the common enemy and, upon becoming severely injured and on the brink of death, he reveals his true identity as Layton's brother, who was separated from him at a young age when their parents - their father is revealed to be Bronev himself - were kidnapped by Targent. His malice towards Layton was merely to prevent him from being hurt as a result of getting in Targent's way, whom he held a personal vendetta against. Another detail about Emmy is revealed in a short cutscene: she had been raised by Bronev, but she can tell that he is not the man she remembers: she feels like the Azran Legacy is all he lives for, and he will sacrifice anyone to activate it. To this end, she wants the professor to reform Bronev however he can, and leaves Luke behind hoping this act will achieve this goal.
When Bronev unlocks the "legacy" by stabbing Aurora through the heart within the Azran sanctuary hidden in Froenborg, it is revealed not to be a source of great power, as Bronev had expected, but to be the resting place of the Golems, an advanced race created by the Azran that became sentient and declared war on the Azran and were ultimately the reason for their demise; as such, their creators froze them away in ice in order to prevent this from happening again. Aurora is revealed to be a Golem herself, created to be the emissary of the Azran, the one who would judge the worth of people in the future. The unleashing of the Golems by Bronev had erased all of mankind's worth in the eyes of the Azran, leading Aurora to order a devastating attack on Froenborg and the Targent military. She soon wakes up, though, distraught at the atrocities happening around her. To prevent mankind's annihilation, Layton, Luke, Emmy, Descole, and ultimately Bronev all sacrifice themselves to stop the procedure, and all die. Saddened, Aurora begs the Azran spirits to take her instead, which they do, reviving the group and causing the sanctuary to drop from the sky into Lake Kodh. Before fading away though, Aurora thanks Layton and Luke for everything they've done, and that she cherished every moment spent with them. She leaves telling Luke that she hopes she can be reborn as a human. 
Bronev is apprehended by the police, after informing Layton that his real name is in fact "Theodore Bronev", not "Hershel Layton"; Descole - whose first name was Hershel - swapped names with Layton to allow the latter to be adopted after the loss of their parents. Layton denies this, claiming his wish to keep his false name, and that he does not consider Bronev to be his real father, but is hoping that they can meet again as friends and fellow archaeologists.
Back in London, Emmy bids an emotional farewell to Layton, passing the role of his assistant to Luke, and promises to return when she's worthy of her place as Layton's assistant once again. Descole is last seen flying off into the distance searching for a new adventure. The game ends with Luke and Layton driving in the countryside. As Luke looks through the window, a "Curious Village" appears in the horizon.
Gameplay.
Similar to previous games, Professor Layton and the Azran Legacy is a puzzle game split into various chapters. The game follows Professor Layton and his friends as they explore various environments and solve many puzzles. Gameplay is similar to that of "Professor Layton and the Miracle Mask", in which players utilise the stylus on the touchscreen to search environments for clues and solve the various puzzles the game has to offer. In certain areas, it is possible to zoom into areas with the magnifying glass, to get a closer look at things. The game features over 500 new puzzles—more than its predecessor, in which there were 515. Hint coins can also be found and used to help the player solve a puzzle if they are stuck. Throughout the game, you can also unlock minigames which appear in the trunk including Nut Roller, and dress me up. Gameplay involves travel to different parts of the world, such as the United States of America, South Africa, and Russia.
Music.
The soundtrack was composed by Tomohito Nishiura. The ending theme, entitled "Surely Someday", was performed by Miho Fukuhara.
Reception.
Professor Layton and the Azran Legacy has received positive reviews.
IGN 8.5 out of 10
Famistu 36 Out Of 40
Eurogamer 9/10

</doc>
<doc id="36862057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862057" title="St. Johnstone F.C. in European football">
St. Johnstone F.C. in European football

St. Johnstone Football Club is a Scottish association football club based in the city of Perth. The club first competed in a European competition in 1971–72, qualifying for the UEFA Cup following a third place finish in the Scottish First Division. The club reached the third round, which remains their best run in a UEFA competition to date.
History.
1971–72 UEFA Cup.
St. Johnstone qualified for a UEFA competition for the first time in 1971–72 after a third place finish in the Scottish First Division the previous season. Their first match was away to Hamburger SV of West Germany at Volksparkstadion which ended in a 2–1 defeat for the club. In the return leg in Perth, St. Johnstone triumphed 3–0 winners and knocked out Hamburg 4–2 on aggregate to progress to the second round. They were paired with Hungarian side Vasas SC and won the first leg of the tie 2–0 at home. In Hungary, Vasas won 1–0 on the night but St. Johnstone won overall 2–1 on aggregate. In the third round they faced Željezničar from Yugoslavia. St. Johnstone again won their home leg, this time by a scoreline of 1–0 but on the away leg they were convincingly defeated by their opponents 5–1 in Sarajevo to exit the tournament 2–5 on aggregate.
1999–2000 UEFA Cup.
Following a 28 year absence from European football, St. Johnstone qualified for the UEFA Cup for the second time in its history after another third place finish in the top flight of Scottish football. In the first round they faced Finnish club VPS and the clubs played out a 1–1 draw at Hietalahti Stadium in Vaasa in the first leg. In the return leg at McDiarmid Park they won 2–0 to progress 3–1 on aggregate. Their second round opponents were AS Monaco of France. In the first leg at Stade Louis II in Monaco, St. Johnstone were defeated 3–0. The return leg saw a six-goal game ending in a 3–3 draw, which was not enough for the club to progress, losing 3–6 on aggregate.
2012–13 UEFA Europa League.
St. Johnstone again qualified for a UEFA competition in 2012–13 by virtue of league ranking, finishing 6th in the Scottish Premier League. Several circumstances occurred which allowed the club to qualify: Rangers, who finished second in the league, were disqualified from European competition and Heart of Midlothian, who finished fifth, would have benefited from this but had already qualified for Europe after winning the Scottish Cup. The qualification spot was therefore passed down to St. Johnstone. The club faced Eskişehirspor of Turkey in the second qualifying round and were defeated 2–0 in the away leg. In the second leg in Perth, St. Johnstone managed a 1–1 draw but were eliminated 1–3 on aggregate. The draw in Perth means that St. Johnstone remain undefeated at home in Europe.
2013–14 UEFA Europa League.
St. Johnstone, for the second season in a row, qualified for the UEFA Europa League in 2012–13 by virtue of league ranking, finishing third in the Scottish Premier League. A Frazer Wright goal in Trondheim, the home city of Rosenborg, gave the Perth club a chance of proceeding to the next round and, despite an early goal by Rosenborg in the home leg at McDiarmid Park, a Stevie May goal in front of 7,850 supporters (almost all behind the home club) was enough for St. Johnstone to earn a place in the third qualifying round against FC Minsk of Belarus.
Due to redevelopment work taking place at FC Minsk's stadium, the first leg in the next round took place hundreds of kilometers away from Minsk in the city of Grodno. A goal by Steve MacLean twenty minutes from time secured a 1-0 victory. St Johnstone were then knocked out of the competition on penalty kicks after Minsk levelled the tie with a 1-0 scoreline in the home leg at McDiarmid Park sending the match into extra time which saw no further goals. A crowd of 8500 had turned out but all but a small handful who had travelled with the Minsk official party went home disappointed.

</doc>
<doc id="36862058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862058" title="Pistol Md. 1998">
Pistol Md. 1998

Pistolul model 1998, also known as "Dracula", is a machine pistol designed and manufactured by Uzina Mecanică Sadu of Romania. It was designed in 1998 and since 2003 this weapon has been used by "Brigada Antitero București" (Bucharest Anti-terrorist Brigade) of the Romanian Intelligence Service.
Design.
The pistol is similar in construction and operation to the Stechkin APS automatic pistol. However instead of a shoulder stock, "Pistolul Md. 1998" has a rail under the muzzle which allows a spare magazine to be attached as a forward grip. 
The barrel is rifled, with four polygonal grooves. The pistol can be fitted with a sound supressor and the manufacturer supplies subsonic 9mm Parabellum cartridges for use with the supressor.
"Pistolul Model 1998" is equipped with a mechanical rear sight, with an adjustable drum for distances of 25, 50, 100 and 200 meters. Optionally, the pistol can be fitted with a target marker (laser micro collimator) or a high powered lamp (intense light spot collimator).

</doc>
<doc id="36862068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862068" title="Salima El Ouali Alami">
Salima El Ouali Alami

Salima El Ouali Alami (born 23 December 1983 in Karia Ba Mohamed) is a Moroccan athlete. She competed in the 3000 metres steeplechase at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 26th with a time of 9:44.62.

</doc>
<doc id="36862076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862076" title="Sthanu Ravi Varman">
Sthanu Ravi Varman

Sthanu Ravi Varman (Tamil:தாணு ரவி வர்மா Malayalam: സ്ഥാണു രവി വർമ) was the ruler of the Later Chera Kingdom from 844 to 885 (from 844 to 883 according to MGS). His reign was noted for developments in science, economic prosperity and political stability. He was succeeded by Rama Varma Kulasekhara.
The Chera-Chola relations were friendly during his rule. No Chola invasion of any part of the Chera Kingdom is known to have taken place during this period. He was the contemporary of the famous Chola emperor, Aditya Chola. It is known that the two rulers jointly conferred a title on a chief of Tanjore called Vikki Annan. He also helped the Chola king with his army to fight against the Pallavas.
The famous astronomer Sankara Narayana (the author of "Sankara Narayaniyam", a commentary of Bhaskara's "Laghu Bhaskariya") was member of the royal palace of Sthanu Ravi at Mahodayapuram. It was on the basis of "Sankara Narayaniyam", the date accession of Sthanu Ravi was fixed at 844 AD. Ayyan Atikal Tiruvatikal, the Governor of Venadu (Quilon) under Sthanu Ravi, issued the famous the Terisappalli Copper Plate (849 AD). The inscription describes the gift of land to the Teresa Church near Quilon along with several rights and privileges to Christians led by Mar Sapir Iso. 

</doc>
<doc id="36862079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862079" title="Bolsherechye">
Bolsherechye

Bolsherechye () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="36862082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862082" title="Northern Mariana Islands constitutional referendum, 1989">
Northern Mariana Islands constitutional referendum, 1989

A constitutional referendum was held in the Northern Mariana Islands on 4 November 1989. Voters were asked whether they approved of two amendments to the constitution. One on putting a limit on spending by the Legislature was approved, whilst the other was rejected.
Background.
The proposal to amend the constitution to put a limit on spending was an initiative in the Legislature, and was passed by a three quarter majority in both houses. This meant that only a simple majority was required in the referendum.
It proposed amending Chapter II, sections 16 and 17 to read:

</doc>
<doc id="36862083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862083" title="Lake Shōji">
Lake Shōji

It is the smallest of the Fuji Five Lakes in terms of surface area, and third deepest, with a maximum water depth of . Its surface elevation of is the same as for Lake Motosu and Lake Sai, confirming that these three lakes were originally a single lake, which was divided by an enormous lava flow from Mount Fuji during an eruption from 864-868 AD. The remnants of the lava flow are now under the Aokigahara Jukai Forest, and there is evidence to indicate that these three lakes remain connected by underground waterways.
The lake is within the borders of the Fuji-Hakone-Izu National Park.
As with the other Fuji Five Lakes, the area is a popular resort, with many lakeside hotels, windsurfing facilities, camp sites, and excursion boats. Japanese crucian carp and "wakasagi" were introduced to the lake in the Meiji period, and sports fishing is also popular. The water of the lake lacks transparency and has a tendency towards a greenish hue due to algae.

</doc>
<doc id="36862097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862097" title="Louis H. F. Wagner">
Louis H. F. Wagner

Louis H. F. Wagner (also spelled Lewis Wagner; b. Ueckermünde, Kingdom of Prussia – d. June 25, 1875, Thomaston, Maine, United States) was a German-born fisherman who arrived in the United States around 1865. He was convicted of the axe murders of two Norwegian women, Anethe and Karen Christianson. The murders took place on Smuttynose Island on March 6, 1873. After a failed escape attempt, Louis Wagner became the fourth last person to be executed by the State of Maine.
In popular culture.
In 1875, poetess Celia Thaxter wrote and published an account of the Smuttynose murders in "Atlantic Monthly". It was entitled "A Memorable Murder" and remains a classic of American true crime writing.
Author Anita Shreve fictionalized the crime in her bestselling novel "The Weight of Water", which alleges that Wagner was falsely convicted. In the subsequent film adaptation, Wagner was portrayed onscreen by Irish actor Ciaran Hinds.

</doc>
<doc id="36862105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862105" title="Alpari (disambiguation)">
Alpari (disambiguation)

Alpari may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36862114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862114" title="Naeem Masih">
Naeem Masih

Naeem Masih (born 2 February 1987) is a Pakistani para-athlete.
Career.
Masih was selected to run in the men's 1500m - T46 event at the 2012 London Paralympic Games. He came last in Heat 2 with a season's best time of 4:51.35.

</doc>
<doc id="36862118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862118" title="2012–13 KNVB Cup">
2012–13 KNVB Cup

The 2012–13 KNVB Cup was the 95th season of the Dutch national football knockout tournament. The competition began on 21 August 2012 with the matches of Round 1 and ended with the final on 9 May 2013. PSV Eindhoven were the defending champions having won the cup the previous season.
The winner qualifies for the play-off round of the 2013–14 UEFA Europa League.
Participants.
92 teams participated in the 2012-13 cup. The 18 clubs of the Eredivisie and the 18 clubs of the Eerste divisie qualified automatically, entering in the second round. Other teams qualify by winning period titles in the previous year's competition or by winning a local KNVB Cup, called 'districtsbeker', for clubs from level 3 onwards, in the previous season.
Teams marked green are still active in the tournament.
Calendar.
The calendar for the 2012–13 KNVB Cup is as follows.
First round.
56 amateur clubs competed in this stage of the competition for a place in the Second Round. These matches took place on 21 and 22 August 2012. 
Second round.
The 28 winners from the First Round entered in this stage of the competition along with the 18 Eerste Divisie clubs and the 18 Eredivisie clubs. These matches took place from 25 to 27 September 2012. 
Third round.
These matches took place from 30 October to 1 November 2012.
Fourth round.
These matches took place from 18 to 20 December 2012.
Quarter-finals.
These matches will take place from 29 to 31 January 2013.
Participants per round.
The number of participants per league per round was as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36862129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862129" title="Kaltoum Bouaasayriya">
Kaltoum Bouaasayriya

Kaltoum Bouaasayriya (born 23 August 1982 in Assa-Zag Province) is a Moroccan athlete. She competed in the 3000 metres steeplechase at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 36th with a time of 9:58.77.

</doc>
<doc id="36862133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862133" title="Roland S-STOL">
Roland S-STOL

The Roland S-STOL is a German STOL ultralight and light-sport aircraft, produced by Roland Aircraft. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
Design and development.
The aircraft was designed to comply with the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight rules and US light-sport aircraft rules. It features a strut-braced high-wing, a two-seats-in-side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit accessed via doors, fixed tricycle landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft is made from sheet aluminum. Its span wing has an area of leading edge slots and flaps. The wing is supported by V-struts with jury struts. The standard engine available is the Rotax 912UL four-stroke powerplant. The S-STOL can be de-rigged for storage and folding wings are a factory option. The aircraft can be fitted with wheels, skis and floats and can be used to tow gliders and hang gliders.

</doc>
<doc id="36862147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862147" title="Edward Every">
Edward Every

He was the second son of Sir Henry Flower Every, 10th Bart, and educated at Harrow and Trinity College, Cambridge. Ordained in 1885, after a curacy in West Hartlepool he became Vicar of Seaham then St Cuthbert’s, Gateshead. In 1902 he became Bishop of the Falkland Islands; and in 1910, of TheArgentine. In 1937 he returned to England to become Rector of Egginton, and an Assistant Bishop and Honorary Canon of Derby Cathedral. On his death that diocese's bishop added to his obituary in The Times saying "Above all he was, most obviously, one of the saints of the Most High: the trumpets will assuredly have sounded for him on the other side."

</doc>
<doc id="36862149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862149" title="Regesta Norvegica">
Regesta Norvegica

Regesta Norvegica is a chronological source text which deals with Norwegian history of the Middle Ages.
Gustav Storm published "Regesta Norvegica" in 1898. It contained 630 texts, and covered the years 991–1263. In 1966, work began on a new edition. Seven to ten editions are planned, covering the years 822–1390.

</doc>
<doc id="36862155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862155" title="K1 Britannia">
K1 Britannia

K1 "Britannia" is a replica of "His Majesty's Yacht Britannia" built in 1893 for Commodore Albert Edward, Prince of Wales. K1 was the Class/Racing number on HMY "Britannia"s main sail.
History and heritage.
The yacht "Britannia" was built by Henderson's on the Clyde in 1893 for Queen Victoria's son Albert Edward, then Prince of Wales. She served him and his son, King George V, with a long yachting and racing career. 
Her Scottish designer George Lennox Watson received a commission from Prince Albert Edward for a sailing yacht in 1892. He designed "His Royal Highness' Yacht Britannia" to the "Length And Sail Area Rule" as a First Class cutter and had her built alongside his America's Cup challenger "Valkyrie II" at the D&W Henderson shipyard on the River Clyde. She was launched on April 20, 1893, a week ahead of "Valkyrie II".
By the end of her first year's racing, "Britannia" had scored thirty-three wins from forty-three starts. In her second season, she won all seven races for the big class yachts on the French Riviera, and then beat the 1893 America's Cup defender "Vigilant" in home waters.
Despite a lull in big yacht racing after 1897, "Britannia" served as a trial horse for Sir Thomas Lipton's challenger "Shamrock I", and later passed on to several owners in a cruising trim with raised bulwarks. In 1920, King George V triggered the revival of the "Big Class" by announcing that he would refit the "Britannia" for racing. Although the "Britannia" was the oldest yacht in the circuit, regular updates to her rig kept her a most successful racer throughout the 1920s. In 1931, she was converted to the J-Class with a Bermuda rig. Her last race was at Cowes in 1935. During her racing career she had won 231 races and took another 129 flags.
Both designer and builder made a fine job of the Prince's new yacht. It was said of "Britannia" that 'a better-balanced and better-built vessel never crossed the starting line.' Yachting writers referred to her shape as 'the Britannia ideal'. Yachting journalist James Meikle once wrote: "So proud over the building of her were the men that the putting of her together was a real labour of love." Really it was not difficult to imagine that the framework was woven together, so beautifully were the many parts joined into and onto each other."
Built of wooden planking over steel frames, she had a major refit in 1931 where she was transformed by a Bermuda rig. Made of silver spruce, it was the largest mast ever made as one spar for a yacht, weighing over 3 tons.
King George V's dying wish was for his beloved yacht to follow him to the grave. On 10 July 1936, after the "Britannia" had been stripped of her spars and fittings, her hull was towed out to St Catherines Deep near the Isle of Wight, and she was sunk by HMS "Winchester" (L55), commanded by Captain W.N.T. Beckett RN. This fate marked the end of big yacht racing in Europe, with the smaller and more affordable International Rule 12-Metre Class gaining popularity.
K1 sail number.
The new "Britannia" will use the title K1 to identify that she will be a replica of the original "Britannia" after she was converted to the J-Class in 1931 when the IYRU attributed the number K1 to the "Britannia" for sail identification. The letter identifies the flag state (K for a British yachts) and the number identifies yachts on a per-class basis (the "Britannia" was yacht number 1 in the J-Class.)
1994 rebuild.
In 1994 the only replica of Britannia was commissioned and built in Russia, gaining Her Majesty's blessing. Her then owner, Mr. Sigurd Coates, shipped her from Russia to Norway in 2009. The completion of the project came to a standstill from 2009 until late 2011 when "Britannia" was acquired by K1 Britannia, a UK company registered for the purpose of completing her rebuild and to be used for charitable projects.
"Photos of Britannia hull being built in Solombala yard, Arkhangelsk, Russia, courtesy of K1 Britannia:"
Towed and lifted.
Britannia was towed from Son, Norway by the tug Svendborg Bugser A/S and arrived in the Isle of Wight on 4 February 2012. After an unsteady start, which saw the Apache Floating Crane unable to lift the hull at 13 tonnes heavier than expected, a second lifting was attempted on 13 March 2012 where she was placed in her cradle, where she sits today at Venture Quays, East Cowes. The day represented a homecoming for the yacht to the people of the Isle of Wight.
2011 refit and rebuild.
The reconstruction process has commenced with a full stripping of the interior, and then a thorough process will begin to refit the yacht to her exact requirements and specifications. The "Britannia" replica will be fully restored to her pristine condition at her new home in East Cowes. Her former namesake was privileged to be tagged as "The King’s Yacht", and her reconstruction will be similarly worthy of Royal approval. She will be rebuilt according to her 1931 specification when the original "Britannia" was refitted with a Bermuda rig and converted to the J-Class. Upon completion, she will have the largest wooden mast in the world.
Original items.
On November 6, 2012, K1 Britannia issued a request online calling upon members of the public to come forward with any items that they might have acquired from His Majesty's Yacht Britannia, should they wish to gift the to the new replica or allow them to live on board while retaining ownership of the items.
In accordance with King George V's wishes, Britannia was stripped of her spars and fittings and towed out to St. Catherine’s Deep in the early hours of July 11, 1936 where she was scuttled by the Royal Navy and sent to rest beneath the waves.
There was an auction of Britannia’s spars and fittings in Southampton on 24 June 1936, to raise £1050 (worth £58,684.50 when adjusted for inflation) for the King George’s Fund for Sailors, and K1 Britannia is hoping that families may still have items from that auction in their possession.
Many who worked on board the Britannia who were presented with items when they left the yacht, or own pieces taken from her, as she went through several refittings in her lifetime and her interior are still in possession of the items.
K1 Britannia created an online form (which may be found here) where interested parties could get in touch and submit information about pieces and items from Britannia that they would like to donate to the project.
Reconstruction team.
The management and reconstruction team is made up of experienced Yacht Restorers, Naval Architects and Interior Designers.
Charitable trust.
The Britannia Trust is being considered for registration as a discretionary, charitable trust in which the Britannia and her business affairs could be housed. The Britannia Trust will be domiciled in the United Kingdom as an English Trust.
A competent Board of Trustees will manage, direct and oversee the operations, governance, finance, legal and audit processes of the Britannia Trust in accordance with globally accepted corporate governance rules and regulations within the non profit sectors of the market. The Board of Trustees will consist of at least 3-5 Trustees that each has significant depth of international business experience, as well as philanthropic and charity works, and whose credibility is beyond reproach.
The Britannia Trust will be governed within the parameters of globally accepted corporate governance rules and regulations. As the Trust will be UK domiciled, it will be subject to English law, corporate and trust governance, and will submit regulatory and compliance documentation and financial statements as required under English law on an annual basis. The ethos of the Britannia Trust is to apply total transparency to all aspects of the Trust and to maintain the highest standards of integrity expected of a charitable organization.
Charitable use.
Following completion of the rebuild, "Britannia" is purposed to be used as a flag ship for charity geared for retired war veterans, emergency services personnel, challenged youth and maritime education. Britannia will also be used for corporate sponsorships and given as a gift to 50-60 charities a year as a floating venue to help raise funds for charities internationally.
Due to the nature of "Britannia"s charitable use, many have come on board to be a part of the history or her rebuild, contributing time, skill, labour, craftsmanship, hardware, supplies, and finances. The goal of the restoration team is to make her a flagship for charity and to restore the Britannia legacy and heritage.<ref name="http://britanniatrust.org"/>
Charitable works.
The Britannia Trust’s charity purpose is to bring to life legendary yachts and use them for charity, whether full-time or part time. Starting with the charity's flagship, Britannia, which will be used up to 6 months a year by the charity, then throughout the remainder of the year other classic yachts of all sizes will be used by the charity exclusively for projects geared towards maritime education, war veterans, emergency service personnel, and challenged youth.
These yachts must be legendary and bring a remembrance of a world where nobility and honor were the norm. The goal of the charity is to transform lives using the history of the yachts and the men and women who sailed them. Their stories will give those that are involved with their legacies the courage to follow in their footsteps, fighting against all odds to achieve their dreams.<ref name="http://britanniatrust.org"/>
Galleries.
"Britannia Bering Towed to East Cowes, Isle of Wight"
"Other Britannia Photos:"

</doc>
<doc id="36862186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862186" title="Achchuveli Central College">
Achchuveli Central College

Achchuveli Central College (also known as Achchuveli Maha Vidyalayam) is a provincial school in Achchuveli, Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="36862190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862190" title="José Antonio Sossa">
José Antonio Sossa

José Antonio Sossa is a Panamanian politician who served as Attorney General of Panama under President Mireya Moscoso.
Clashes with journalists.
Sossa had several conflicts with the press, particularly the opposition newspaper "La Prensa". In 2000, he filed a criminal complaint for defamation against four "Prensa" journalists: Peruvian investigative journalist Gustavo Gorriti, business editor Miren Gutierrez, and journalists Monica Palm and Rolando Rodriguez. The complaint cited a series of stories the paper published in 1999 reporting that a drug trafficker had donated to one of Sossa's political campaigns. In August, Sossa ordered police to the homes of the four journalists to compel them to come to court to testify.
In May, he attempted to jail "El Siglo" reporter Carlos Singares for alleging that he had pressured journalists, but reversed himself after criticism by President Moscoso; the following month, he did jail Singares for eight days without trial for reporting in an article that Sossa had visited underage prostitutes. In December, he barred journalists from investigating buried human remains at a military barracks, but was again overruled by Moscoso.
In 2004, Sossa filed another defamation complaint against "Prensa" founder I. Roberto Eisenmann, Jr. Eisenmann had criticized Sossa's service as attorney general, stating that he had been devoted to "protecting criminals and filing charges against journalists".

</doc>
<doc id="36862206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862206" title="Beverly Ramos">
Beverly Ramos

Beverly Ramos (born 24 August 1987 in San Juan) is a Puerto Rican athlete. She competed in the 3000 metres steeplechase at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 35th with a time of 9:55.26. Ramos competed for Golegio Nuestra Senora de Belen. Ramos has trained in Manhattan, Kansas since 2007 where she was an All-American at Kansas State University.

</doc>
<doc id="36862236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862236" title="Brancaster Manor">
Brancaster Manor

Brancaster Manor is a saltmarsh owned by the National Trust near Brancaster, Norfolk covering 810 ha (2,000 acres). It was originally purchased by the Brancaster Memorial Trust in 1964, and transferred to the National Trust in 1967. It is leased to Brancaster Staithe Fishermen's Society.
It was designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) in 1968, and in 1986 it was subsumed into the North Norfolk Coast Site of Special Scientific Interest. The larger area is now additionally protected through Natura 2000, Special Protection Area (SPA) and Ramsar listings, and is part of the Norfolk Coast Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB).

</doc>
<doc id="36862293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862293" title="2008 UEC European Track Championships – Women's omnium">
2008 UEC European Track Championships – Women's omnium

The Women's Omnium was the only elite women's events at the 2008 European Track Championships held in Pruszków, Poland and took place at 3 September. The omnium consisted of four events: elimination race, scratch race, 3000m individual pursuit and a points race. Seventeen cyclists participated in the women's omnium.
Overall results.
Results

</doc>
<doc id="36862316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862316" title="Moosa Yaamin">
Moosa Yaamin

Moosa Yaamin (born 29 December 1992) is a Maldivian footballer, who is currently playing for New Radiant.
Senior career.
Thoddoo FC.
Yaamin made his debut for Thoddoo FC at the age of 17 where they lost 3–0 to Victory in a Dhivehi League match on 11 April 2010, coming in to play in the starting of the second half as a substitute. He was also cautioned with a yellow card for the foul against Mukhthar Naseer inside the penalty area, awarding a penalty for Victory. He started his first game for his club in their Dhivehi League's 2–1 loss against Maziya on 18 April 2010. On 6 May 2010, he played the match, lasting on the pitch for full 90 minutes in the 2–0 win against Vyansa.
Club All Youth Linkage.
Yaamin made his Dhivehi League debut for AYL on 2 April 2011, starting in a 2–0 win against Vyansa. He played his first match lasting 90 minutes for AYL, in the following 3–1 loss in the Dhivehi League against New Radiant on 9 April 2011.
In his first ever FA Cup campaign, he made his debut in the quarter finals against VB Addu FC on 11 September 2012. The match ended as a 2–2 draw in the full-time, and both sides couldn't find a winner in the extra time. They surprisingly beat the Champions 4–2 in the Penalty shoot-out, Yaamin hitting the net with the ball in the deciding penalty and advancing his side to the semi finals.
International career.
Yaamin made his debut in the Maldives' last match of 2012 Nehru Cup, in which they lost 3-1 to Cameroon on 29 August 2012, coming on to play in the 80th minute, replacing Assadhulla Abdulla.

</doc>
<doc id="36862319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862319" title="Frampton Pools">
Frampton Pools

Frampton Pools () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1974.
The site is in the Severn Vale and consists of a number of lakes created as a result of gravel extraction. These provide a good open water habitat which is important for wintering wildfowl. The site is mostly standing water which is surrounded by broadleaved woodland, scrub and the margins support marginal vegetation.
Species.
The over-wintering birds include large numbers of Mallard, Teal, Shoveler, Pochard, Tufted Duck and Pintail. Rarer species also visit such as Smew and Scaup. The lakes are used as a breeding area for Tufted Duck, Mallard and Great Crested Grebe.
It is a good area for invertebrates, notably dragonflies.

</doc>
<doc id="36862327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862327" title="Beltek">
Beltek

Martin Bijelić, known professionally as Beltek, is an electronic dance music DJ, producer and remixer who specializes in progressive house and electro house.
He won Pete Tong’s competition with his track "Copacabana" which was the start of his music career. Beltek’s name pops out on top of EDM music charts and labels such as Dim Mak, Ministry of Sound, Toolroom, Armada etc. His versatile production skills and fingerprint mass appealing sound already assured him remixing duties for major artists such as Faithless, Booka Shade, Gareth Emery and others. Tiësto picked up his song "Kenta" for In Search Of Sunrise 7 compilation and supported Beltek in the 15 Minutes Of Fame slot of his Club Life radio show.
His songs such as "Par", "Kenta", "Eclipse", “Go" and "Party Voice!" are heavily played, rotated, charted and compiled by leading artists, radios and labels in the world.
In 2012 Beltek produced official track Party Voice for Ultra Music Festival
Discography.
Singles.
2013:
2012:
2011:
External links.
+ OFFICIAL PAGE

</doc>
<doc id="36862369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862369" title="Villa Porvenir">
Villa Porvenir

Villa Porvenir is a caserio (small village) in the Canelones Department of Uruguay. 
Location.
It is located on the north side of Route 6 on its Km. 25.5 and on its intersection with Tomas Berreta street. It lies directly northeast of Toledo and directly southwest of Villa San José and Villa San Felipe.
Population.
In 2011 Villa Porvenir had a population of 507.
Source: "Instituto Nacional de Estadística de Uruguay"

</doc>
<doc id="36862387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862387" title="Roland Z-602">
Roland Z-602

The Roland Z-602 is a German ultralight and light-sport aircraft, produced by Roland Aircraft of Mendig. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
Design and development.
The aircraft was designed to comply with the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight rules and US light-sport aircraft rules. It features a cantilever low-wing, a two-seats-in-side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit under a bubble canopy, fixed tricycle landing gear or conventional landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft is made from sheet aluminum. Its span wing has an area of and flaps. The standard engine available is the Rotax 912ULS four-stroke powerplant.
The Z-602 is offered with three landing gear configurations: fixed tricycle, conventional and retractable as the "RG" model. It is sold with two different levels of options, the "Economy" and the "Exclusiv".
As of August 2012, the design does not appear on the Federal Aviation Administration's list of approved special light-sport aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="36862406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862406" title="Gyppo logger">
Gyppo logger

A gyppo logger is a lumberjack who runs or works for a small scale logging operation that is independent from an established sawmill or lumber company. The gyppo system is one of two main patterns of the organization of logging labor in the Pacific Northwest, the other being the "company logger." Gyppo loggers were originally condemned by the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) as strikebreakers.
After the founding of a government-sponsored company union, the Loyal Legion of Loggers and Lumbermen, weakened the influence of the IWW on the logging industry, gyppos were seen as a component of the timber business in a less ideologically charged context.
Etymology and context.
The term is specific to the Northwest. Its etymology is certainly unrecoverable at this date. According to E.B. Mittelman it "may be a derivation from the Greek word, signifying vulture, or may simply be a derivation or corruption of the word gypsy." In either case, notes Mittelman, "it has something of the cunning or predacious in it." The Greek etymology is lent some plausibility by the fact that big lumber companies tried to use Greek workers, who wouldn't cooperate, to break a strike organized by the IWW in Everett, Washington in 1917.
The term "gyppo" was commonly prepended to form nicknames among loggers, e.g. "Gyppo Jake." The word was introduced by the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) to disparage strikebreakers and other loggers who thwarted their organizing efforts. The IWW currently uses the term to refer to "Any piece-work system; a job where the worker is paid by the volume they produce, rather than by their time." Mittelman quotes an editorial from the "Industrial Worker" on the subject:
At present the master class of capitalists call it 'contract labor,' 'piece work,' and other fancy names...For us, the proletarians, it is 'gyppoing' and it means all that the name connotes. The gyppo is a man who 'gyps' his fellow workers and finally himself, out of the fruits of all our organized victories in the class war."
The term lost most of its derisive connotation after the decline of the IWW's influence in the lumber industry.
The gyppo system.
The term "gyppo logger" is opposed to the "company logger," who is employed by a lumber company or lumber mill at an hourly or daily wage and generally belongs to a union. Gyppos, on the other hand, work for themselves, run economically marginal operations, and employ a small crew on a fixed-price basis, although they occasionally work for mills on a flat rate, contract, or piecework basis.
The IWW introduced the term "gyppo" during the unsuccessful 1917-8 Pacific Northwest strike for the Eight-hour day for loggers, although undoubtedly gyppo loggers existed before 1917. Because the strike was unsuccessful, after the loggers returned to work they called a slowdown. This tactic was so effective that in response the company owners instituted piecework or flat-rate pay scales. The pine timber in the Pacific Northwest is comparatively small and a lot of it is on government land (disallowing the use of railways to transport logs). Thus the conditions facilitate logging with small crews and portable machinery.
Technological developments after World War II made gyppo logging even more economically rewarding, especially the invention of gasoline powered chainsaws which were light enough to be used by a single person and the use of diesel engines to power "donkeys" that had previously been powered by steam. These later gyppos also took advantage of the increased affordability of light industrial equipment, such as trucks and Caterpillar tractors and typically employed family labor in order to keep their operations economically viable.
According to William Robbins, writing on the postwar timber boom in the Coos Bay region of Oregon,
The immediate postwar years in southwestern Oregon were the heyday of the storied gyppo logging and sawmill operator—the hardy individual who worked on marginal capital, usually through subcontracts with a major company or broker, and whose equipment was invariably pieced together with baling wire.
By the mid-1950s, overextraction of timber had begun to reduce the economic value of gyppo logging. By the 1970s environmental regulation and other economic changes in the logging industry had driven many gyppo loggers out of business. By the early 21st century gyppo loggers had been described as "an endangered species."

</doc>
<doc id="36862413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862413" title="List of Monuments of National Importance in Agra district">
List of Monuments of National Importance in Agra district

For technical reasons the Agra circle has to be split in two lists. The rest of Agra circle can be found in the .

</doc>
<doc id="36862419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862419" title="Macedonia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Macedonia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Macedonia competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36862433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862433" title="Juan de Eulate">
Juan de Eulate

Juan de Eulate (or Juan de Ulate) (b. 1583) was a Spanish soldier who served with distinction in the Netherlands, and later was appointed Governor of New Mexico between 1618 and 1625 at a time when it was a province of New Spain. He then became Governor of the Margarita Province, based on Isla Margarita off the coast of what today is Venezuela, from 1630 to 1638 before retiring to Spain.
Early years.
Juan de Eulate was born in 1583, the second son of Juan Álvarez de Eulate and doña Juana Martínez de Yarza.
His father owned the Palacio del Cabo de Armería de los Álverez de Eulate, in the small community of Eulate in the Kingdom of Navarre.
In 1602 Eulate travelled to Flanders at his own expense and enlisted in the army of Albert VII, Archduke of Austria.
He fought with valor in the brutal and protracted Siege of Ostend, and was twice wounded.
He served under Ambrogio Spinola, 1st Marquis of the Balbases in two expeditions into Friesland, again distinguishing himself for his bravery.
In 1608 he was given a certificate testifying to his excellent character and service, and was allowed to return to Spain.
Eulate was a captain in the Spanish fleet from 1608 to 1617.
He married doña María de Albizu y Díaz de Jáuregui, and they had three children: Juan Álvarez de Eulate y Albizu was baptized 23 July 1612, María was baptized on 27 April 1617 and Yerónimo was baptized 14 May 1630.
In 1617 he was made an artillery captain and sailed to New Spain.
In Mexico City, on 31 December 1617 he was appointed governor and captain general of New Mexico by the Viceroy Diego Fernández de Córdoba, Marquis of Guadalcázar.
He was given a large salary and had permission to use as many Indians as he wanted under the encomienda system.
Governor of New Mexico.
Eulate travelled to New Mexico accompanied by a party of soldiers and priests, arriving in December 1618.
On the journey he upset the youthful Fray Pedro de Ortega, a Franciscan missionary, by declaring that marriage was a better state than celibacy, 
and that working married men were more useful than priests who only ate and slept.
Eulate did not find any government buildings in Sante Fe, so he erected them at his own expense.
He pacified the Jumanos, destroying their great pueblo.
He pacified the Jemez, Picuris, and the people of Zuni province, which was in the middle of a civil war.
He pacified the Acoma, destroying the powerful fortress they had used as a base for twenty-six years.
By the end of his term in office the province of New Mexico was quieter than it had ever been before.
According to the missionaries, Eulate had no concern for the rights of the Indians, and was only concerned with exploiting them. He would give out licenses to his friends that authorized them to seize orphaned Indian children, who would be used as servants. A typical license read "Permit for Juan Fulano to take one orphan from wherever he finds him, provided that he treats him well and teaches him the Christian catechism."
However, after he left office some of the Indian leaders testified that he had defended them against their common enemy, and also supported them against the unreasonable demands by the priests for labor.
Eulate complained, perhaps with reason, that the grandiose building projects of the missionaries were a great waste of the labor of the Indians and colonists, who could have been better employed cultivating their fields. 
Eulate was involved in constant disputes with the Franciscan missionaries in New Mexico, led by Esteban de Perea. 
In 1620 the Viceroy of New Spain heard complaints from the Indians of abuses of power, and sent orders on how the Indians were to be governed to both Perea and Eulate.
Tensions between church and state rose to such a level that in 1622 the Franciscans considered abandoning New Mexico altogether, and only decided to remain due to Perea's frantic pleas.
According to the Franciscan missionaries, Juan de Eulate told the Pueblo Indians of the province that they did not have to renounce their traditional religious practices. 
Fray Pedro Zambrano Ortiz said that Eulate protected "idolators and witches because they trade him tanned skins." 
When Zambrano was assigned to the mission at Galisteo Pueblo around 1621, he was told by an native catechist whom he reproached for keeping a concubine that the Tanos were expecting to soon receive permission to "live as before they were Christians." Zambrano blamed Eulate for the conditions at Galisteo, saying he was "more suited to a junk shop than to the office of governor he holds ... a bag of arrogance and vanity without love for God or zeal for divine honor or for the king our lord, a man of evil example in word and deed who does not deserve to be governor but rather a hawker and creature of these vile pursuits." 
On 11 April 1626 Zambrano said that Governor Eulate had ordered a deputy of the Confraternity of the Mother of God "de la Concepcíon" to be falsely accused and hanged because of his membership, and because he was a pious man. He said that due to Eulate's bad influence the settlers would rather gamble in his house than attend the confraternities.
In December 1625 Eulate was relieved by Admiral Felipe de Sotelo Osorio.
He returned to Mexico City in the fall of 1626 with the supply caravan. Shortly after he was arrested on charges of having used some of the wagons to carry his merchandise, and having brought Indian slaves for sale in New Spain.
He was released after paying a fine and paying the cost of shipping the slaves back.
While governor, Eulate undertook two expeditions to capture buffalo, whose meat, hides and tallow were superior to the Spanish cattle. The first attempt only obtained calves, who died despite attempts to feed them with goat milk. The second captured adults who survived. Eulate took three females and a male with him to New Spain, but was forced to leave them near Mexico City because there was no room on the boats to take them back to Spain.
Later career.
Eulate was appointed governor of the Margarita Province in 1630, based on Isla Margarita off the coast of what is now Venezuela.
He held office for eight years.
He improved the defense of the island and helped develop commerce and the pearl fisheries.
His forces were active in Tortuga and Tobago, where they fought against the Dutch.
On 12 May 1633 Eulate's son Julian de Eulate left Margarita for nearby Trinidad in three large "piraguas" carrying three militia companies and 50 natives auxiliaries. He found and captured eleven English settlers and twenty Indians, part of a larger expedition led by Sir Henry Colt that had been diverted to Saint Kitts.
In December 1636 Eulate provided forty Spanish militiamen to Captain Martin de Mendoza, 
who also raised four hundred soldiers from Santo Tomé in Venezuela and San José de Oruña on Trinidad, as well as three thousand natives.
With this force, Mendoza captured a fortress on Galera Point in Trinidad, and two others on Tobago. Fort Vlissingen on Tobago fell on 1 January 1637. Forty two cannon and 160 prisoners of different nationalities were taken. Most of the prisoners were hanged on Margarita.
Their leaders were taken to Spain.
A number of Africans were among the prisoners. The Spanish spared nineteen boys due to their age, and strangled the others.
In 1638 Eulate's term as governor ended and he returned to Spain. He was called to the court of the Kingdom of Navarre in 1640, made a member of the Order of Santiago, given the title of Maestre de Campo and appointed castellan of Pamplona.
The historian France V. Scholes described Eulate as "a petulant, tactless, irreverent soldier whose actions were inspired by open contempt for the Church and its ministers and by an exeggerated conception of his own authority as the representative of the Crown." He was often quoted as saying "The king is "my" patron."
References.
Notes
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36862436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862436" title="Silvia Danekova">
Silvia Danekova

Silvia Danekova (born 7 February 1983 in Kotel) is a Bulgarian athlete. She competed in the 3000 metres steeplechase at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 38th with a time of 9:59.52.

</doc>
<doc id="36862444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862444" title="Ayn al-Baydah, Syria">
Ayn al-Baydah, Syria

Ayn al-Bayda () is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia. Nearby localities include Al-Shamiyah and Burj Islam to the west, al-Bahluliyah and Mashqita to the east and Mushayrafet al-Samouk to the southwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Ayn al-Bayda had a population of 1,629 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites. 

</doc>
<doc id="36862447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862447" title="Clock Tower (Podgorica)">
Clock Tower (Podgorica)

The Clock Tower (Montenegrin: "Sahat kula", Сахат кула, Turkish: "Saat Kulesi") of Podgorica, Montenegro is located at "Bećir Beg Osmanagić square", in the Stara Varoš neighborhood. It's one of the very few Ottoman landmarks that survived the bombing of Podgorica in World War II.
History.
Sahat Kula was built in 1667, by Adži-paša Osmanagić, a prominent citizen of Podgorica. According to the legend, the clock was brought from Italy. For a long time, it was the only public clock in the city. Around 1890, a metal cross was placed at the top of the tower. The cross was made by Stevan Radović, Lazar Radović's grandfather. 
Today, Sahat kula is an important cultural monument of Montenegro, protected by law. The clock was renovated in January 2012, when the old mechanism was replaced by a new digital one. 

</doc>
<doc id="36862453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862453" title="Mic-a-holic Ai">
Mic-a-holic Ai

Mic-a-holic Ai (stylized as MIC-A-HOLIC A.I.) is the fourth studio album by Japanese R&B musician Ai, released on July 7, 2005. It is the best selling album of Ai's career to date, being released just after Ai's single "Story" became a hit. The album was certified double platinum by the RIAJ for 500,000 shipped copies.
Background and development.
Ai had been signed to Def Jam Japan for three years, after releasing the albums "Original Ai" in 2003, and "2004 Ai". Ai was seeing a steady increase in popularity, with "2004 Ai" selling double her previous album's amount. In late 2004, two project albums of Ai's were released, "Flashback to Ai" featuring rarity material from her BMG Japan era, and "Feat Ai", featuring all of her outside collaborations from 2002 until mid-2004, which also featured a new song, "Hot Spot," which was a collaboration with Uzi.
The first single from the album, "365," released in February 2005, was Ai's first top 20 single. Ai also released the single "Crayon Beats" in April that was the children's anime Crayon Shin-chan theme song, although it is not included in the album. "Story" was released in May, two months before the album.
Writing and production.
The album was recorded in 2005, mostly in Tokyo at Prime Sound Studio Form, Magnet Studio and Real & Beats Studio. "Queen" was recorded at Landmark Studio in Yokohama. Additional instrument recording occurred in Philadelphia and New York City in the USA.
The album featured continued production work from previous Ai collaborators 813, T. Kura and 2 Soul, who had all worked together with Ai on "2004 Ai". T. Kura produced three new songs ("If," "Sha La La" and "Sunshine"), while 813 produced "Summer Breeze," and 813 member DJ Yutaka produced "California" on his own. 2 Soul worked on the ballad "Story," as well as Ai's first Latin track, "Passion." Ai worked together with Aquarius on the first single "365," which also featured Aquarius member Deli as a guest rapper. "Another Day" and "Queen" were produced by Icedown, who worked with Ai for the first time on the album.
Ai self-produced the song "Once in a Lifetime," also writing and composing the song. The song also featured additional production by D/R Period.
"Summer Breeze" is a slowed down version of a song from Ai's album "Original Ai" (2003), called "Summer Time."
Promotion and concerts.
"Story" was promoted the most from the album, appearing in TV commercials for Fuji TV Flower Center, download services "M-Up" and "Recochoku', and Morinaga's "Jelly Weider" drink range. "Story" was also the June 2005 ending theme song for the TV Tokyo music show "Japan Countdown". In 2012, "Story" was used as the ending theme song for the Nintendo 3DS game "Rhythm Thief & the Emperor’s Treasure".
Two other songs from the album received commercial tie-ups. "365" was the Fuji TV music comedy show "Hey! Hey! Hey! Music Champ" ending theme song, and in October 2005, the song "Queen" was made the Yu Shirota horror film "Pray"'s theme song.
Ai made appearances on two famous radio shows to promote the album, NHK-FM "Saturday Hot Request" on May 28, 2005, and her own once off show on "All Night Nippon", on July 15, 2005.
Ai toured the album from July to October 2005 with the Japanese seven city tour, "Mic-a-holic Ai Japan Tour '05". The tour final at Zepp Tokyo on October 24, 2005, was filmed for Ai's second live DVD, also titled "Mic-a-holic Ai Japan Tour '05".
Ai performed "Story" at the 56th NHK Kōhaku Uta Gassen music competition on December 31st, 2005, her first appearance on the program.
Critical reception.
Critics received the album well. The reviews at CDJournal were impressed by the variety of genres, and were extremely impressed with her lyrics. They called "Story" a "genreless dramatic pure ballad," praising her big vocals and the "deep love overflowing" in the lyrics, calling it her version of Bill Withers' "Lean on Me." "What's In?" called the album "[Ai's] real masterpiece," and called the piano introduction to "Story" "memorable."
At the 2006 MTV Video Music Awards Japan, "Story" won the award for Best R&B Video.
Chart performance.
The album debuted at number four in Japan underneath Ketsumeishi, Shōgo Hamada and Def Tech, selling 85,000 copies. In its second week, it remained at number four. The album spent seven weeks in the top 10, and 33 in the top 100. When it had stopped charting in November 2006, it had spent a total of 76 weeks on the charts, selling five and a half times its first week sales. It was initially certified platinum by the RIAJ after its release, but was eventually certified double platinum in October 2006. This is Ai's most commercially successful work, as of 2012.
In Taiwan, "Mic-a-holic Ai" spent two weeks charting on G-Music's top 20 Japanese/Korean subchart, peaking at number 18. It did not chart on the main combination chart, however.
Personnel.
Personnel details were sourced from "Mic-a-holic Ai"'s liner notes booklet.
Managerial
Performance credits
Visuals and imagery
Technical and production

</doc>
<doc id="36862474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862474" title="List of Monuments of National Importance in Agra circle">
List of Monuments of National Importance in Agra circle

For technical reasons the Agra circle has to be split in two lists. The rest of Agra circle can be found in the . 

</doc>
<doc id="36862479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862479" title="Al-Shabatliyah">
Al-Shabatliyah

Al-Shabatliyah () is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia. Nearby localities include Al-Shamiyah and Burj Islam to the south, Ayn al-Bayda, al-Bahluliyah and Mashqita to the east. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, al-Shabatliyah had a population of 3,306 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.

</doc>
<doc id="36862481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862481" title="Matylda Kowal">
Matylda Kowal

Matylda Kowal (née Szlęzak; born 11 January 1989 in Rzeszów) is a Polish middle- and long-distance runner. She competed in the 3000 metres steeplechase at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 41st with a time of 10:08.84.

</doc>
<doc id="36862493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862493" title="Salib al-Turkman">
Salib al-Turkman

Salib al-Turkman () is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia. Nearby localities include Al-Shamiyah and Burj Islam to the south, Ayn al-Bayda, al-Bahluliyah and al-Shabatliyah to the east. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Salib al-Turkman had a population of 3,466 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims.

</doc>
<doc id="36862498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862498" title="Whiting Brothers">
Whiting Brothers

Whiting Brothers was established in 1926 as a chain of gasoline stations based in St. Johns and Holbrook, Arizona. At its peak, it operated more than a hundred filling stations (including at least forty on the former U.S. Route 66), fifteen motels and various truck stops under a slogan of "quality gas for less".
The business began to decline in the 1970s due to fuel shortages and a drop in traffic at its locations on the US Highway system as these roads were bypassed by Interstate highways. Stations in still-viable locations were sold off individually by the 1980s while many locations on roads long bypassed were simply abandoned.
Some of the vacant stations with the original Whiting Brothers branding still remain, visible but abandoned, on long-bypassed stretches of US Route 66.
History.
The distinctive red-on-yellow Whiting Brothers signage and billboards date to 1926, the year U.S. Route 66 was designated across the southwestern United States. The father of the four Whiting brothers was a lumberyard owner, leaving the family well-placed to construct small, simple stations at little cost with one or two pumps and a six-foot-tall, three hundred foot wide roadside billboard at various points on the then-new highway. 
The first Whiting station was on the National Old Trails Highway in St. Johns, Arizona. As the section of the Old Trails highway serving St Johns was bypassed by Route 66, the brothers placed their first Route 66 filling station in Holbrook. With an ample supply of lumber, construction continued unabated through the Great Depression. The stations, which did not sell on credit but priced their fuel a few cents cheaper than the major chains and issued a discount card which reduced the price of a gallon by another penny or two, the chain also offered stamps (similar to S&H green stamps) which when pasted in a booklet offered discounts or items at their stations, served the Grapes of Wrath-like exodus of 1930s settlers headed westward from dust bowl conditions in Oklahoma and Texas. A fillup in the summer also got one some free ice. 
The operator of each individual station was provided with lodging and paid a commission on sales. The Whiting family reinvested profit from the stations, which continued even through the hardest economic times, to build additional fuel stations and motels. The buildings were typically located on inexpensive land on the US Highway system at the edge of towns.
The Whiting family boasted of "Serving the West since 1917", pursuing diverse business interests including lumber, steel, gasoline, cattle and real estate. The family entered the Northern Arizona logging business during World War II.
Whiting Brothers executives would travel the roads themselves, keeping a first-hand view of the service provided by their travel company. The chain would ultimately expand westward to Barstow, California and eastward to Shamrock, Texas. Sal Lucero's repair garage (Sal & Inez's Service Station) in Moriarty, New Mexico, purchased in 1985, is the last active station to still display the original Whiting Brothers signage. , a local group is proposing restoration of two signs at the often-photographed Route 66 station; a matching grant was awarded by the National Park Service Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program.
Kaibab Industries, a successor to various Whiting family businesses which was established in 1952 by the next generation of the same family, operates three modern fuel stations in Arizona as Whiting #182 through #184.

</doc>
<doc id="36862501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862501" title="Sahat kula">
Sahat kula

Sahat kula or Saat kula (meaning "clock tower") can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36862508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862508" title="2004 Arkansas Razorbacks football team">
2004 Arkansas Razorbacks football team

The 2004 Arkansas Razorbacks football team represented the University of Arkansas during the 2004 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Razorbacks played five home games at Donald W. Reynolds Razorback Stadium in Fayetteville, Arkansas and two home games at War Memorial Stadium in Little Rock, Arkansas. The Razorbacks were coached by head coach Houston Nutt.
Schedule.
Source: Sports-Reference.com

</doc>
<doc id="36862514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862514" title="Piloersemaborg">
Piloersemaborg

The Piloersemaborg (; Borough of Piloersema) is a 17th-century "borg" (castle) in the village of Den Ham in Groningen in the Netherlands. It currently houses the restaurant of Dick Soek.
History.
The Piloersemaborg was built in 1633 for Johan de Mepsche. After the De Mepsche family left the "borg", the building was used for farming. The building, the interior, and the estate of the borg are currently owned by the foundation Wierenga van Hamsterborg. Since 2005, the building houses a restaurant of Dick Soek.
Restaurant.
Head chef of the restaurant Piloersemaborg is Dick Soek. He runs the restaurant in the Piloersemaborg since 2005. At the time, he was also running the Michelin starred restaurant Schathoes Verhildersum in Leens. In 2012, for practical and economical reasons he moved the restaurant and all staff from Leens to Den Ham, continuing his enterprise on one location. Soek lost the Michelin star in the process.

</doc>
<doc id="36862519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862519" title="Schathoes Verhildersum">
Schathoes Verhildersum

Schathoes Verhildersum is a former restaurant in Leens in the Netherlands, on the estate of Verhildersum. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 2004-2012.
Owner and head chef of "Schathoes Verhildersum" was Dick Soek. He took over the "Piloersemaborg" in 2005, owning and running two restaurants. In 2012, for practical and economical reasons he moved the restaurant and all staff from Leens to Den Ham, continuing his enterprise on one location. "Schathoes" lost its Michelin star in the process.
In 1994, Dick Soek took over the "Schathuis" of the borg "Verhildersum" in Leens. Although "schathuis" literally translates as "treasure house", it was in fact the cow shed, taking its name from the old Frysian word "skat", meaning cattle. The schathuis was at that time a tearoom, and Soek added a fine dining restaurant to it.
In 2003, Elsevier named "Schathoes Verhildersum" one of the 39 best Italian restaurants in the Netherlands. Head chef Soek explains his Italian style by pointing to his Italian training as a cook and his Italian ideas.

</doc>
<doc id="36862525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862525" title="Mashqita">
Mashqita

Mashqita () is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia. Nearby localities include Ayn al-Bayda, Al-Shamiyah and Burj Islam to the west, al-Bahluliyah to the east and Mushayrafet al-Samouk to the southwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Mashqita had a population of 2,376 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.

</doc>
<doc id="36862531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862531" title="Kilinochchi Central College">
Kilinochchi Central College

Kilinochchi Central College ( "Kiḷinocci Mattiya Kallūri") is a provincial school in Kilinochchi, Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="36862532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862532" title="Arnold Anthony Schmidt">
Arnold Anthony Schmidt

Arnold Anthony Schmidt is a screenwriter and professor of English.
Schmidt wrote for the 1985 Cannon Film "Déjà Vu", starring Jaclyn Smith, was the story writer of the Emmy-nominated "Tommy's Lost Weekend" episode of the TV series "Alice", and acted as assistant producer on the Oscar-nominated short film "The Silence". Schmidt, a professor of English at the California State University, Stanislaus, also wrote "Byron and the Rhetoric of Italian Nationalism", which received an Elma Dangerfield Award from the International Byron Society recognizing "new and original work" related to the British romantic author Lord Byron. In recognition of his work, California State University, Stanislaus named Schmidt as the Outstanding Research, Scholarship, & Creative Activity Professor of the Year for 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="36862535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862535" title="Ángela Figueroa">
Ángela Figueroa

Ángela María Figueroa Palacios (born 28 June 1984 in Bogotá) is a Colombian athlete who specialises in the 3000 metres steeplechase. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 43rd overall.

</doc>
<doc id="36862588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862588" title="Dusan Krajcinovic">
Dusan Krajcinovic

Dusan Krajcinovic (died 2007) was a mechanics scientist. He was past member and chair of the Applied Mechanics Division of ASME. He served a term on the U. S. National Committee on Theoretical and Applied Mechanics. He authored a review paper on damage mechanics that predates his book on the same subject. 
He earned his Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees in Civil Engineering from the University of Belgrade (1958, 1966) before emigrating to the US. He earned his PhD in Civil Engineering from Northwestern University in 1968, working with Prof. George Hermann. He worked at Ingersoll Rand Research Inc. (1969) and Argonne National Laboratory (1973), before becoming Professor of Civil Engineering at University of Illinois, Chicago, IL (1973-1989) and then Professor of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering at Arizona State University (ASU), until retiring as Professor Emeritus in 2004. He received the October Prize for Mathematical, Physical, and Engineering Science (Belgrade, Yugoslavia, 1990), the Gold Medal for achievements in Science and Technology (Crete, 1999), and Laurea Honoris Causa (Milan, Italy, 2001).
He was ASME Fellow and Chair of AMD Executive Committee (2001-2002), Fellow of the American Academy of Mechanics and President (1999-2001), as well as Member of the Stability Research Council, the International Association for Structural Engineering in Reactor Technology, and non-member advisor of the ASCE Committee for Inelastic Behavior of Materials). he served on the editorial boards of Applied Mechanics Reviews and Mechanics of Materials, and was editor of the International Journal of Damage Mechanics.

</doc>
<doc id="36862625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862625" title="2003 Arkansas Razorbacks football team">
2003 Arkansas Razorbacks football team

The 2003 Arkansas Razorbacks football team represented the University of Arkansas during the 2003 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Razorbacks played five home games at Donald W. Reynolds Razorback Stadium in Fayetteville, Arkansas and two home games at War Memorial Stadium in Little Rock, Arkansas. The Razorbacks were coached by head coach Houston Nutt.

</doc>
<doc id="36862627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862627" title="Al-Safsaf">
Al-Safsaf

Al-Safsaf () is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia on the shores of Mashqita Lake. Nearby localities include Ayn al-Bayda, Al-Shamiyah and Burj Islam to the west, al-Bahluliyah to the east and Mushayrafet al-Samouk to the southwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, al-Safsaf had a population of 3,259 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.

</doc>
<doc id="36862636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862636" title="Álvaro Enrigue">
Álvaro Enrigue

Álvaro Enrigue (born 1969) is the award winning author of four novels and two books of short stories. He has been translated into multiple languages, including German, English and French. He lives in New York and is married to the writer Valeria Luiselli.
Life and work.
In 1996, Enrigue was awarded the prestigious Joaquín Mortiz Prize for his first novel, "La muerte de un instalador" ("Death of an Installation Artist"). Since then it has been reprinted five times, and in 2012 it was selected as one of the key novels of the Mexican 20th century, and anthologized by Mexico's largest publishing house, Fondo de Cultura Económica. His books "Vidas perpendiculares" ("Perpendicular Lives") and "Hipotermia" ("Hypothermia") have also been widely acclaimed. Both novels have been published by Gallimard. "Hypothermia", which offers an "unflinching gaze towards 21st-century life and the immigrant experience", was published in 2013 in the USA and England by Dalkey Archive Press. His latest novel, "Decencia" ("Decency"), has received praises in Latin America's and Spain's most relevant publications.
In 2007, he was selected as one of the most influential contemporary writers in Spanish by the Hay Festival's Bogotá39. In 2009, he was awarded a Rockefeller Foundation Residence Fellowship at the Bellagio Centre to finish the manuscript of his last novel, "Decencia" ("Decency"). In 2011 he became a fellow at the Cullman Center for Writers and Scholars of the New York Public Library, where he began working on his fifth novel.
On November 4, 2013, Enrigue was announced as the winner of the 31st Herralde Novel Prize, joining a distinguished list of authors from Spain and Latin America, including Álvaro Pombo, Enrique Vila-Matas, Antonio Ungar, Javier Marías, Juan Villoro, and Roberto Bolaño.

</doc>
<doc id="36862638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862638" title="Tour de Kumano">
Tour de Kumano

The is an annual professional road bicycle racing stage race held in Mie Prefecture, Japan, named after Kumano. It was first created in 2006 as the amateur level, later moved up to the professional level in 2008 when included into the UCI Asia Tour and classified as a 2.2 category race.

</doc>
<doc id="36862654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862654" title="Lomas de Carrasco">
Lomas de Carrasco

Lomas de Carrasco is a residential area in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay.
Location.
It is located east of Route 101 and northwest of Colinas de Solymar, about northeast of the Carrasco International Airport. It is joined with La Tahona and Carmen to its west and south and Villa El Tato to the northwest. It is part of the wider metropolitan area of Montevideo.
Population.
In 2011 Lomas de Carrasco had a population of 806.
"Source: INE - 2004 census"

</doc>
<doc id="36862660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862660" title="Nina Carita Bjornstrom">
Nina Carita Bjornstrom

Nina Carita Bjoornstrom-Lehtonen (born c. 1966) was Miss Finland for 1988 and competed in the 1988 Miss Universe pageant. She was 1st runner up in the 1989 Miss Scandinavia pageant.

</doc>
<doc id="36862712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862712" title="Steve Gottlieb">
Steve Gottlieb

Steven Gottlieb is an American entrepreneur, music industry pioneer, and new media executive. He is founder and CEO of Shindig, a platform for large scale online video chat events. Prior to Shindig, Gottlieb founded the independent record label TVT Records and its publishing arm TVT Music, discovered the recording artists Nine Inch Nails, Pitbull, Sevendust, and Ja Rule, produced the “Television’s Greatest Hits” series, helped to found the independent music organization A2IM, and served on the boards of Musicmatch (sold to Yahoo! in 2008), Napster, and Tune Up Media.
Background.
Gottlieb was born in 1957 in New Rochelle, NY.
Education.
Gottlieb graduated cum laude from Yale University in 1980 with a B.A. in comparative literature. In 1984, he earned his J.D. from Harvard Law School.
Recognition.
Gottlieb was selected in 1996 as one of the “40 Under Forty,” a listing of leading New York executives, by Crain’s New York Business. In 2001, he was featured in a commercial for Credit Suisse during the Super Bowl, where he was cited as a successful and visionary media/technology entrepreneur. Later in the year, he appeared as a witness before the Senate Judiciary Committee at a hearing entitled “Online Entertainment And Copyright Law: Coming Soon To A Digital Device Near You”.
In 2005, he was named to the Hip Hop Power 30 by The Source magazine. In the same year, he delivered the keynote address at the In The City Urban Music Summit, which is the UK's top international music convention and Europe's largest city-based music festival.
Start-up investments.
Gottlieb has been an angel investor and consultant to a number of tech start-ups and has served on the Boards of Musicmatch, Napster, and Tune Up Media.
Shindig.
In 2009, Gottlieb devised a new self-aggregating communications architecture and filed for patents. The concept gave rise to Shindig, a start-up devoted to large scale video chat events.
Shindig allows users to see and be seen by participants in an online event. The participants can move freely through a virtual space and are able to engage in private video chats with other participants of their choosing. Featured speakers can address all of the participants as a group from a stage as well as share the stage with participants who may have a question or comment about the speaker’s presentation. 
Vice President of Engineering Manik Bambha, a former technology executive at MySpace and Fox Interactive Media, joined Shindig in 2011. 
Shindig launched a beta release of its platform for video chat book tours in May 2012. By August of the same year, the company had hosted over 150 events for such best-selling authors as A.J. Jacobs, Dan Ariely, Joel Stein, Scott Sigler, and James Howard Kunstler.
Beginning in September 2012, Shindig targeted music events, online nightclubs, magazine subscriber events, and interactive classroom applications as uses for its video chat platform technology.
Notable personalities and entities who've used Shindig include Bill Gates, TEDx, Guy Kawasaki, Michael Pollan, Edward Jay Epstein, Carla Hall, Big Daddy Kane, A.J. Jacobs, Kevin Kelly, Dan Ariely, and Jackson "Cat Daddy" Galaxy.
Music career.
“Television’s Greatest Hits”.
In 1986, Gottlieb produced “Television’s Greatest Hits”, which he released on his own label Tee Vee Toons. The double album featured a collection of 65 themes from hit TV shows of the 1950s and 1960s in their original arrangements, production styles, and lengths, including “The Flintstones”, “I Love Lucy”, “Star Trek”, “Hawaii Five-0”, “Bonanza”, and “Batman”. 
Until the release of “Television’s Greatest Hits”, theme songs (if released to the public as commercial songs) were typically extended from their succinct broadcast versions into 3 to 5 minute versions with additional music and other flourishes. The need to re-record and reproduce the themes, which weren’t originally intended to exist in longer form, required new arrangements that were quite different from the familiar abbreviated versions that were heard and enjoyed by tens of millions of viewers each week. 
Gottlieb recognized the appeal that these songs had in their organic shortened incarnations. He understood that they represented a variety of American folk culture that was beloved by, and had a deep emotional connection with, millions of consumers the world over. With his belief that t.v. theme music in its original form was ready to be enjoyed and appreciated by consumers, Gottlieb revealed a significant a previously untapped demand for the genre with the release of “Television’s Greatest Hits”. 
In order to bring “Television’s Greatest Hits” to the marketplace, Gottlieb employed a unique business strategy: he bypassed both major label distributors and independent distributors, and in the process, created what became one of the world’s most successful self-distributed record labels. With its own proprietary distribution network, “Television’s Greatest Hits” became one of the highest charting and biggest selling independent label releases of 1985. It was available in retail outlets across America - including all major chain stores - and was sold directly to consumers via t.v. commercials and mail order. "The San Francisco Chronicle" called the double album “the most fun you can have with your pants on”, and "The New York Times" said that it was one of the most innovative business ideas of 1985. Over the next 20 years, a series of 12 volumes of “Television’s Greatest Hits” were released, chronicling the history of the t.v. theme genre from its beginnings in the 1950s through the early 21st century.
TVT Records.
Gottlieb decided to leverage the distribution network that he had developed with “Television’s Greatest Hits” by signing artists and building his label, which he renamed TVT Records. TVT would ultimately grow into one of the most successful independent labels in U.S. history, and was named independent label of the year by Billboard Magazine and Soundscan for 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, and 2005.
In its 25 years of operation, TVT released over 25 gold, platinum, or multi-platinum albums. Gottlieb discovered and oversaw the development of Nine Inch Nails (including the band’s triple platinum debut album “Pretty Hate Machine”), Sevendust, Ja Rule, Pitbull, the Ying Yang Twins, and Lil Jon. He also marketed, distributed, released, and oversaw the production of albums by Snoop Dogg, Gil Scott-Heron, XTC, KMFDM, and Jimmy Page and the Black Crowes, as well as the first U.S. releases of Underworld, Aphex Twin, and The KLF. 
In the early 2000s, Gottlieb sought to place TVT at the forefront of the digital music revolution when he offered its library as free downloads and provided its repertoire to the leading digital music retailers, including Rhapsody, Liquid Audio, and Napster.
TVT Records was sold to The Orchard, a global leader in digital music and entertainment.
Nothing Records.
In 1991, Gottlieb met with Jimmy Iovine and Ted Field, owners of the newly launched Interscope Records, about the TVT artist Nine Inch Nails (NIИ). Gottlieb had been approached by more established labels about NIИ, but wasn't convinced that they would be able to enhance NIИ's long-term success. Gottlieb felt that NIИ was a cornerstone artist around which a great label could be built and only under those circumstances would NIN be sufficiently appreciated.
The chance for such an arrangement to come to fruition appeared with Interscope. The creative vision of Iovine and Field - and particularly Iovine's proven track record as a producer and respected industry figure with established major artist relationships - was persuasive. As part of the deal that was hammered about between TVT and Interscope, Iovine and Field agreed to give NIИ a new contract and his own imprint under the joint venture.
Reznor’s Nothing Records was thus established, and the subsequent recorded works of NIИ - as well as those of multi-platinum artist Marilyn Manson (all of which were produced or co-produced by Reznor) - became Nothing’s most successful releases.
TVT's 50% share of the Nothing venture was sold to Interscope in 1997.
TVT Music.
Under Gottlieb’s direction, TVT Music Publishing was begun in 1990. The goal of the company was to sign and develop the talents of new songwriters and place their compositions with viable artists and labels for release. 
TVT Music Publishing's roster of writers wrote or co-wrote such hits as Usher's "Yeah!," 50 Cent's "Candy Shop," Chris Brown's "Run It”, and Lil Jon's "Get Low." Other artists who have recorded songs from TVT Music Publishing’s catalog include Tom Jones, Christina Aguilera, Justin Timberlake, Ricky Martin, Beyonce, Pink, Ludacris, Johnny Cash, Mariah Carey, Fat Joe, Lil' Kim, Toni Braxton, Ja Rule, Janet Jackson, John Legend, Dr. Dre, and the Ying Yang Twins. 
TVT Music Publishing’s notable popular writers/producers included Scott Storch (ASCAP 2004 Songwriter of the Year) and Lil Jon (BMI 2005 Songwriter of the Year). 
TVT Music Publishing was sold to Reservoir Media Management in 2010.
Independent music and digital music.
In 2000, assembled a team of leading independent label executives to establish a body that would represent the interests of independent music labels. This effort led to the creation of the American Association of Independent Music (A2IM), of which Gottlieb was a founding board member (2003-2008). A2IM represents over 300 independent labels. 
In 2001, Gottlieb appeared as a witness - along with Don Henley, Alanis Morissette, Jack Valenti, Richard Parsons, and other noted entertainment industry figures - before the Senate Judiciary Committee at a hearing entitled “Online Entertainment And Copyright Law: Coming Soon To A Digital Device Near You”. He spoke about independent labels and changes in the music business resulting from the digital music revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="36862716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862716" title="Janette Broman">
Janette Broman

Janette Broman (born 7 June in Lieto) was Miss Finland in 2002. She has more recently worked as a model at the same time studying in The University of Turku - Turku School of Economics.

</doc>
<doc id="36862732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862732" title="Henrik Mustonen">
Henrik Mustonen

Henrik Mustonen, (born November 6, 1990 in Hollola) is a professional squash player who represents Finland. He reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 36 in June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36862736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862736" title="Gibraltar Harbour">
Gibraltar Harbour

Gibraltar Harbour, also known as Port of Gibraltar, is a seaport in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. It was a strategically important location during the Napoleonic Wars and after 1869 served as a supply point for ships travelling to India through the Suez Canal.
History.
The harbour of Gibraltar was transformed as a result of the British Government's plans to ensure that the Royal Navy could not just defeat any other navy, but any two other navies combined. Both Gibraltar and Malta were to be made torpedo proof, and as a result the North and South Mole were extended and the Detached Mole was constructed. Three large dry docks were constructed and plans were available by 1894. Over 2,000 men were required and they had to be billeted in old ships which had not been required since convict labour was abandoned. The demand for stone and sand necessitated building the Admiralty Tunnel right through the Rock of Gibraltar.
In 1903 Edward VII arrived to name the new No. 3 Dock of the new "Gibraltar Harbour" after himself. Queen Alexandra arrived in HMY Victoria and Albert in 1906 and the Prince and Princess of Wales the following year to name dock number two and then one after themselves.
Since 2009 the docks have been known as Gibdock.

</doc>
<doc id="36862747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862747" title="Celal Başkale">
Celal Başkale

Mahir Koç more commonly known under his nickname Celal Başkale was a commander of the Kurdistan Workers' Party, a militant organization that has been fighting the government of Turkey for autonomy for Kurdish people, since 1984. It is recognized as a terrorist organisation by Turkey, the United States and the European Union.
Başkale started out as a bodyguard for Fehman Hûseyn (Bahoz Erdal), who is the head of the Hezen Parastina Gel (HPG), the PKK's armed wing and later rose to become the commander of all PKK operations in the Black Sea Region. 
On December 7, 2009, he led seven PKK guerrillas in an ambush against 15 Turkish commandos known as the Reşadiye shooting or Tokat assault. Seven of the commandos were killed and three were injured.
On April 11, 2012, two Turkish soldiers were killed in a PKK ambush near Çiğdemlik. In response the Turkish military started a large-scale operation against the PKK throughout Amasya Province. Celal Başkale was killed by Turkish forces along with another PKK militant on April 14.

</doc>
<doc id="36862764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862764" title="St Barbara's Church, Earlsdon">
St Barbara's Church, Earlsdon

St Barbara's Church, Earlsdon, is located in Earlsdon, a suburb of Coventry, West Midlands, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Coventry, South, the archdeaconry of Coventry, and the diocese of Coventry. The church was built in 1930–31 to replace a smaller church nearby. It was designed by Henry Paley of the Lancaster architects Austin and Paley, with a local man, Herbert Jackson, acting as clerk of works and consulting architect. The foundation stone was laid on 28 September 1930 by Sir Alfred Herbert, a local industrialist, and the church was consecrated on 26 September 1931. Due to a lack of finance, the church was never completed, the missing parts being the western 2½ bays, two porches, a baptistry and a bell turret. The total cost of the church was £17,644 (£ as of ), of which £975 was donated by Sir Alfred to build the Lady chapel as a memorial to his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="36862767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862767" title="Joe Wade (filmmaker)">
Joe Wade (filmmaker)

Joe Wade is a British filmmaker, TV writer, producer and creative director of Don't Panic UK. Since 2012 he created BBC Three's Hat Trick show titled "The Revolution Will Be Televised" alongside Heydon Prowse consequently winning a BAFTA for it on May 2013. The show holds politicians and businessmen accountable for their wrongdoings in a satirical manner.
Under Don't Panic Wade produced several Channel 4 Random Acts films and web versions of Channel 4 Dispatches show. In June 2013 he created "Drones - It Wasn't Me" alongside KG & Marston for Reprieve UK. Global Witness and Mr. Wade also teamed up with Bill Oddie to produce an anti HSBC film on the bank's loan violations.

</doc>
<doc id="36862791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862791" title="Alembic (Computer Graphics)">
Alembic (Computer Graphics)

Alembic is an interchange file format for computer graphics used by visual effects and animation professionals. It was announced at SIGGRAPH 2011, and has been widely adopted across the industry.
Its primary focus is the interchange of geometry (models) between different groups working on the same shots or same assets. This is often different departments in the same company or different studios working on the same projects. Alembic supports the common geometric representations used in the industry, including polygon meshes, subdivision surface, parametric curves, NURBS patches and particles. Alembic also has support for transform hierarchies and cameras. With the latest version comes initial support for materials and lights as well. Alembic is very specifically NOT concerned with storing the complex dependency graph of procedural tools but instead stores the "baked" results.
Alembic was developed as an open source library primarily by Sony Pictures Imageworks and Lucasfilm.

</doc>
<doc id="36862812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862812" title="Abdullah Al-Muzayen">
Abdullah Al-Muzayen

Abdullah Al Muzayen, (born February 8, 1988 in Kuwait) is a professional squash player who represents Kuwait. He reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 33 in May, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36862824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862824" title="Volvo LV4">
Volvo LV4

The Volvo LV4 was a light truck produced by Swedish automaker Volvo between 1928 and 1930. The designation LV4 stands for LastVagn (“truck”), 4 cylinders.
History.
Volvo introduced its first truck, LV Series 1, in early 1928. The truck shared many components with Volvos passenger cars ÖV4 and PV4, including powertrain, but the truck had a more powerful chassis which was built on two different wheelbases: 3.3 and 3.7 m. Despite the small four-cylinder side-valve engine the truck was a sales success, unlike the passenger cars.
After an initial series of 500 Series 1 trucks, Volvo presented the stronger LV Series 2 in the fall of 1928. Many components had been strengthened to better fit a truck and the axle track had been widened.

</doc>
<doc id="36862831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862831" title="Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (disambiguation)">
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (disambiguation)

Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is a novel by J. K. Rowling.
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36862841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862841" title="Città di Udine International Composition Competition">
Città di Udine International Composition Competition

The "Città di Udine" International Composition Competition is a competition held biennially in Udine, Italy. It takes place at the San Giorgio Theatre in Udine; since its foundation (1995) is organized by Taukay Edizioni Musicali. 
It is open to all composers, regardless of nationality or age. The competition is divided in two sections: "instrumental compositions for chamber orchestra" and "electroacustic music". The instrumental group is made up of: a string quartet (two violins, viola and cello), piano, flute (piccolo, alto flute and bass flute), clarinet (clarinet in E flat, clarinet in B flat, clarinet in A and bass clarinet), percussion instruments (vibraphone, glockenspiel, tom toms, suspended cymbals, tam tam, templeblocks, small percussion instruments such as triangle, wood blocks, maracas, etc.).
Prizes.
Prizes include:
The best compositions entered are performed during the winning ceremony (San Giorgio Theatre in Udine) and recorded on compact disc.
Jury.
Members of the jury have included:
Bernardino Beggio (Italy)
Michele Biasutti (Italy)
Philippe Blanchard (France)
Giovanni Bonato (Italy)
Edmund Campion (USA)
Fabio Cifariello Ciardi (Italy)
Marek Choloniewski (Poland)
Renzo Cresti (Italy)
Michele Dall'Ongaro (Italy)
James Dashow (USA)
Jean-Luc Darbellay (Switzerland)
Jurai Duris (Slovak Republic)
Bernard Fort (France)
Lucio Garau (Italy)
Dinu Ghezzo (USA)
Thomas Kessler (Switzerland)
Daniel Kessner (USA)
Yuji Itoh (Japan)
Salvatore Macchia (USA)
Javier Torres Maldonado (Mexico)
Özkan Manav (Turkey)
Flo Menezes (Brasil)
Ivo Nilsson (Sweden)
Jane O'Leary (Ireland)
Guido Pipolo (Italy)
Nicola Sani (Italy)
Alexander Shchetynsky (Ukraine)
Marco Stroppa (Italy)
Robert Scott Thompson (USA)
Jesus Villa Rojo (Spain)
John Yannelli (USA)
External links.
List of classical music competitions

</doc>
<doc id="36862855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862855" title="Reaching for the Stars">
Reaching for the Stars

Reaching for the Stars may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36862865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862865" title="Contractor management">
Contractor management

Contractor management is the managing of outsourced work performed for an individual company. For a company that outsources work to contractors it's very important to have a system in place to manage those contractors' health and safety information, insurance information, training programs and specific documents that pertain to the contractor and the owner client.
Risk and control.
Risk increases with the loss of control from outsourcing work. Keeping work in-house gives an Owner Client complete control over the production or services provided including quality, durability, and consistency. Outsourcing the work reduces the amount of control held over these aspects. While contracts and agreements can be set in place to control the end product, the Owner Client cannot have complete assurance that their requirements are being met.
With the continuing outsourcing of production, companies struggle to standardize their contractor management processes. Requirements and regulations from the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration and other governing bodies are constantly changing. Companies need to have full visibility into the quality of work their hired contractors have performed in the past and are performing now, and this often proves difficult.
There are tools which may measure the contractor's level of performance. For example, many large refineries have integrated their gate access control system to a contractor management software. This provides real-time access to the performance of the contractor workforce within the refinery.
Components.
Effective contractor management relies first on a standardized prequalification form (PQF). A quality prequalification form will also allow for customized functionality, as needed. The prequalification form ensures that the necessary steps are in place for a contractor to work safely and sustainably, prior to establishing an agreement, or allowing a vendor to come on-site. 
It is important to supply contractors a copy of the prequalification form (or an explanation of the requirements) before bidding or quoting to assure they are knowledgeable of the requirements and they include these requirements in their workplans and budgets.
Specifically, the prequalification form will allow the organization to track the most importance aspect of contractor management –
contractor prequalification across these essential dynamics:
A thorough prequalification form with each of these components is used to verify incidence rates and ensures that the contractor’s insurance certification is in line with company requirements.
The prequalification form is then reviewed for OSHA logs and Experience Modification Ratings (EMR) to unearth any inconsistencies and to verify the contractor license status. Finally, references are contacted to provide actual work history and experience to further certify that the contractor is prequalified for performing work at that location.
Auditing.
Once the prequalification form has been filled out, the contractor must be monitored for compliance, this is a significant part of contractor management. An audit is conducted based on the services that are performed by the contractor and the risk associated with that service.
For contractors involved in a higher risk trade (e.g. electricians, lockout-tagout and confined space workers ) the audit is an essential part of reviewing the contractor’s safety program. Many of these high risk workers are involved in potentially life-threatening situations and must demonstrate their ability to protect employees and their clients from harmful situations.
In order to determine that the contractor possesses an adequate understanding of both the work to be performed and the safety standards that must be followed, the following questions are asked:
These questions are then used as indicators to determine the contractor’s level of performance. The audit ensures that the contractor has prepared for, and is enforcing, safety guidelines in their everyday practices. Essentially, the audit provides a third-party confirmation that the information supplied in the prequalification form is both accurate and up-to-date.
Database.
A database can be used to record and access the vendor data within a contractor management program. The database needs to be updated regularly, to ensure that all stakeholders are kept informed of any changes, particularly if the contractor management program is being used to eliminate subpar performers. The use of an online contractor management database facilitates the sharing of contractor data in a secure format with all necessary users, using 24-7/365 availability.
Benefits.
The purpose of a contractor management program is to better centralize, qualify and monitor a contingent workforce. As a result of implementing a contractor management program, an organization can expect to experience some, or all, of the following advantages:
These advantages are both immediate and long-standing. A comprehensive web-based contractor management program from a reputable firm can provide a reliable basis for prequalifying contractors, vendors and other suppliers of goods and services.
Mitigating risk.
There are two major considerations when managing contractors. First is deciding on the criteria for evaluation and second is developing an effective management process to evaluate these criteria. There are a number of criteria on which a contractor’s safety can be evaluated, such as historical and future trend information.

</doc>
<doc id="36862870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862870" title="List of Monuments of National Importance in Lalitpur district">
List of Monuments of National Importance in Lalitpur district

For technical reasons, this list of ASI recognized monuments in the Lucknow circle has been split into three lists: 

</doc>
<doc id="36862873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862873" title="Volvo LV60-series">
Volvo LV60-series

The Volvo LV60-series was a light truck produced by Swedish automaker Volvo between 1929 and 1932.
History.
Volvo soon realized that the company's first four-cylinder side-valve engine simply wasn’t powerful enough so the company brought out a more powerful six-cylinder engine for its automobiles and trucks. The new LV60 truck was introduced in the summer of 1929. Apart from the larger engine and a four speed gear box it was identical to its predecessor, the LV Series 2.

</doc>
<doc id="36862885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862885" title="Stu Maddux">
Stu Maddux

Stu Maddux (born 1965) is American freelance writer, editor, and cinematographer. He is an award winning movie producer and director of his own non-fiction independent films. He is best known for his work Gen Silent, a documentary about gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender older people who hide their sexuality or gender change in order to survive in the long-term care system. He also wrote and produced the films "Bob and Jack's 52-Year Adventure" and "Trip To Hell And Back". His work has been featured internationally on television including on Showtime, TLC, and the BBC.
Maddux is also the founder of Interrobang Productions which is the company that he uses to produce and distribute his independent films.
Early life and education.
Maddux was born during the height of the Civil rights movement in Montgomery, Alabama, Alabama. His father worked for a large corporation and relocated the family frequently as his career advanced. Throughout his childhood, he lived in Seattle, Washington, Denver, Colorado, Minneapolis, Minnesota, and Kansas City, Missouri. In an interview with Examiner.com, Maddux tells the story about his mother when she was pregnant with him in Alabama.
His family moved to Kansas City, Missouri where he first discovered his passion for film and television by organizing his high school friends into a production company that created public access programs. Maddux attended the University of Missouri where he earned a Bachelor's Degree in Journalism.
Bob and Jack's 52-Year Adventure.
Bob and Jack's 52-Year Adventure is a self-narrated documentary about a United States Army Sergeant who was courted by his commanding officer in 1952 post-World War II Germany. Other troops became aware of their relationship and the two men confronted the troops in their unit in order to avoid being court-martialed. The documentary features Sergeant Bob Claunch and Lieutenant Jack Reavley as they look back on their previous fifty two years. In the documentary, they talk about the challenges with keeping their relationship intact, the issues that they face while growing old in a gay relationship, and the need for equal rights as an older gay couple.
Trip To Hell And Back.
Trip To Hell And Back is the true story of Trip Harting, a famous horse rider who lived a double life as a crystal-methamphetamine dealer in the Washington DC's gay drug scene. Harting was one of the top Dressage riders in the United States and also had a shot at the Olympics; however, he was also one of the largest meth dealers in Washington DC until he was arrested by DEA agents. In the documentary, Harting reveals the story of his double life for the first time. In 2008, Harting was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer and passed away just a few weeks after the film's premiere. The documentary was screened at many notable film festivals including the Tiburon International Film Festival and the Tallahassee Film Festival.
Gen Silent.
Gen Silent is a documentary about gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender older people who face discrimination in long-term care because of their sexuality or gender change. The documentary was filmed over a year in Boston, Massachusetts and documents the challenges faced by the six gay seniors whose sexuality or gender change causes them to be isolated and not receive the same long-term care as elderly heterosexual individuals. The documentary debuted in February 2010 at the Boston LGBT Film Festival. It became critically acclaimed and received positive reviews from numerous media outlets including the Chicago Sun-Times which called it "one of the most important LGBT documentaries to come out this year." Excerpts from Gen Silent were used for the public television program "In The Life" and it was also received positive reviews from the Huffington Post. The film has also become a leading tool worldwide for raising awareness about LGBT aging.
Interrobang Productions.
Interrobang Productions is the production company founded and used by Maddux to produce and distribute his independent films. The company was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Glendale, Arizona where Maddux's family manages the day-to-day operations.
LGBT activism.
Maddux is an outspoken activist for the LGBT aging and LGBT history. He has spoken at national conferences including the American Psychological Association, Out & Equal, and the American Society on Aging. He has frequently advocated for residential communities and care facilities to form their own gay-straight alliances similar to those in high schools.
In 2011, he spoke about his experiences while filming Gen Silent at the annual meeting of the Gay Community Endowment Fund of Akron Community Foundation in Akron, Ohio, Ohio. In March 2012, he held a question and answer session during the screening of Gen Silent at the Coolidge Corner Theatre in Brookline, Massachusetts. The event was sponsored by the Brookline Council on Aging, the Goddard House in Brookline, and the LGBT Aging Project.

</doc>
<doc id="36862894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862894" title="List of Monuments of National Importance in Lucknow circle/North">
List of Monuments of National Importance in Lucknow circle/North

For technical reasons, this list of ASI recognized monuments in the Lucknow circle has been split into three lists: 

</doc>
<doc id="36862899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862899" title="Cala Pada">
Cala Pada

Cala Pada is a beach on the south east seaboard of the Spanish island of Ibiza. It is in the municipality of Santa Eulària des Riu and is east of the town of Santa Eulària des Riu, and south west of the beach resort of Es Canar.
Description.
"Cala Pada" beach is a broad sandy stretch of beach backed by a wood of pine and juniper trees. The offshore reefs protect the bay from the sea, making it popular with the island's windsurfers when the south wind blows. From the beach there are views to several small offshore islands including "Illa de Santa Eulària", "Illa Rodona" and "En Caragoler".
Illa Rodona.
On 17 January 1913. a steamship called the "SS Mallorca" ran aground on a reef around "Illa Rodona". The crew and passengers were rescued from the ship by the local fishermen of "Santa Eulària des Riu". There is a stone memorial to commemorate the rescue in front of the Ajuntament (town hall) in the plaçe d’ Espanya, "Santa Eulària des Riu".

</doc>
<doc id="36862904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862904" title="List of Monuments of National Importance in Lucknow circle/South">
List of Monuments of National Importance in Lucknow circle/South

For technical reasons, this list of ASI recognized monuments in the Lucknow circle has been split into three lists: 

</doc>
<doc id="36862909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862909" title="Reaching for the Stars (song)">
Reaching for the Stars (song)

Reaching for the Stars is a 2012 song by songwriter Will.i.am. The song was written as a tribute to the successful landing of the Mars Science Laboratory on Mars in August 2012 and was rebroadcast by the rover from the surface of mars in the song's debut at the end of that month. Will.i.am said the song "aims to encourage youth to study science".

</doc>
<doc id="36862918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862918" title="Volvo LV76-series">
Volvo LV76-series

The Volvo LV76-79 was a light truck produced by Swedish automaker Volvo between 1934 and 1940.
History.
In 1934 Volvo introduced its LV76 series. The truck was available in three versions: LV76 with a payload of 1 tonne, LV77 with a payload of 1.25 tonnes and LV78 with a payload of 1.5 tonnes. In 1935 the truck was modernized with a streamlined radiator cover and the larger EC engine.
In 1936 the series was supplemented with the sturdier LV79.

</doc>
<doc id="36862935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862935" title="5 Vulpeculae">
5 Vulpeculae

5 Vulpeculae (5 Vul) is a white main-sequence star (A0V), approximately 218 light years from Earth in the constellation Vulpecula.

</doc>
<doc id="36862938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862938" title="7 Vulpeculae">
7 Vulpeculae

7 Vulpeculae (7 Vul) is a blue-white main-sequence star (B5V), approximately 760 light years from Earth in the constellation Vulpecula.

</doc>
<doc id="36862942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862942" title="8 Vulpeculae">
8 Vulpeculae

8 Vulpeculae (8 Vul) is an orange giant star (K0III), approximately 484 light years from Earth in the constellation Vulpecula. 8 Vulpeculae forms an optical double with Alpha Vulpeculae.

</doc>
<doc id="36862944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862944" title="14 Vulpeculae">
14 Vulpeculae

14 Vulpeculae (14 Vul) is a yellow-white star (F0), approximately 158 light years from Earth in the constellation Vulpecula and proximity of the Dumbbell Nebula (M 27).

</doc>
<doc id="36862948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862948" title="19 Vulpeculae">
19 Vulpeculae

19 Vulpeculae (19 Vul) is an orange supergiant star (K3I), approximately 1,615 light years from Earth in the constellation Vulpecula and proximity of the open clusters NGC 6882 and NGC 6885 (Caldwell 37).

</doc>
<doc id="36862950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862950" title="20 Vulpeculae">
20 Vulpeculae

20 Vulpeculae (20 Vul) is a blue-white main-sequence star (B7V), approximately 1,140 light years from Earth in the constellation Vulpecula and proximity of the open clusters NGC 6882 and NGC 6885 (Caldwell 37).

</doc>
<doc id="36862953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862953" title="26 Vulpeculae">
26 Vulpeculae

26 Vulpeculae (26 Vul) is a white giant star (A5III) approximately 701 light years from Earth in the constellation Vulpecula.

</doc>
<doc id="36862956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862956" title="27 Vulpeculae">
27 Vulpeculae

27 Vulpeculae (27 Vul) is a blue-white main-sequence star (B9V) approximately 305 light years from Earth in the constellation Vulpecula.

</doc>
<doc id="36862960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862960" title="Melody Francis">
Melody Francis

Melody Francis, (born 10 October 1988 in) is a professional squash player who represents Australia. She reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 34 in January 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36862965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862965" title="Gjesvær">
Gjesvær

Gjesvær () is an old fishing village in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. It is the only place in Finnmark known from the Viking Age and is mentioned in the Heimskringla saga as "Geirsver". The name comes from the man's name "Geir", which means "spear".
The location was used by Vikings on the way to Bjarmaland (see Ottar from Hålogaland), and probably also for gathering food on the nearby Gjesværstappan islands which contain one of the largest seabird colonies in Norway.
Like most other places in Finnmark, all buildings in the village were burned down in 1944 by the German occupying forces. Gjesvær Chapel, built in 1960, is considered a cultural monument. 
Gjesvær has approximately 130 inhabitants, but at the beginning of the 1970s, it had about 350 people. It has a fish plant, local shop, post office, and primary school. The main industry is fishing, but in recent years there has been an increased emphasis on tourism, activities including fishing and bird watching trips to the Gjesværstappan nature reserve.
Gjesvær was historically a part of Måsøy Municipality, along with the sparsely populated western part of Magerøya island. There were no road connections across the island, so residents travelled by boat which was closer to Måsøy. In 1977, the long Norwegian County Road 156 was completed, connecting Gjesvær by a causeway to Magerøya island and then continuing on to Honningsvåg. For this reason, the municipal boundary was moved. In 1 January 1984, Gjesvær and the western part of Magerøya were transferred from Måsøy municipality to Nordkapp Municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="36862968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862968" title="Ray Mondo">
Ray Mondo

Raymond Taylor-Smith (birth date unknown, born in Sierra Leone) was a drummer for several notable British post-punk and gothic rock groups during the early 1980s. He is best known by his stage name, Ray Mondo.
Ray Mondo first appeared on the British music scene when he joined the Harrow-based post-punk group Ritual upon its formation in 1981. Mondo drummed for the group for nearly two years, appearing on both of their records, the "Mind Disease" single and "Kangaroo Court" EP. During this period Mondo was going simply by "Ray".
In March 1983 Ritual dissolved. Mondo was recruited by Ian Astbury and Billy Duffy in April 1983 to drum for their newly formed group Death Cult. It was Mondo, now going by the moniker "Ray Mondo" and alternately "The Reverend", that suggested Jamie Stewart (his fellow bandmate from Ritual) for the vacant bass guitarist slot (after Astbury and Duffy had auditioned some 30 hopefuls). Mondo drummed on the group's eponymous "Death Cult" EP and during their summer 1983 European and United Kingdom tour.
By September 1983 the group had decided to eject Mondo. Astbury's reasoning was documented in a 1983 interview:
Mondo played his last gig with Death Cult on 19 September 1983 at the Brixton Ace in London, and shortly afterwards he essentially "swapped" places with drummer Nigel Preston (who had previously worked with Duffy in Theatre of Hate). Preston was drumming for Sex Gang Children at the time. Duffy recruited Preston as the new drummer for Death Cult and Mondo filled the vacated drummer's position with Sex Gang Children in September 1983.
Mondo remained with Sex Gang Children until January 1984, when he was deported back to his native Sierra Leone. His activities after that time, and his current whereabouts, are unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="36862969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862969" title="Volvo Sharpnose">
Volvo Sharpnose

The Volvo LV101-112, or the Sharpnose was a light truck produced by Swedish automaker Volvo between 1938 and 1950.
History.
In 1938 Volvo presented its light LV101-series truck, affectionately known as the "Sharpnose". At the same time Volvo introduced the taxicab PV800. The two models series shared engine, radiator cover and bonnet. The smallest model LV101 was mechanically almost identical to the taxicab, while the larger LV102 was a “genuine” truck.
In 1940 the program was supplemented with the heavier LV110/111/112, built on three different wheelbases.
After the Second World War Volvo updated the truck series with the stronger ED engine, renaming it L201/202.

</doc>
<doc id="36862993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36862993" title="AEI Media">
AEI Media

AEI Media is a London-based digital media and music company. Established in 1998 by James Cotterill and Diluk Dias, AEI Media produces original content, hosts live events, and helps develop artists and brands. They produce critically acclaimed compilation albums with groups such as Drum and Bass Arena, This Is Dubstep, UKF Dubstep, UKF Drum&Bass and UKF Bass Culture. They manage the labels Get Darker, Pilot Records, Titan Records, Inspected & their three recent new labels Bring It Down Records, Elevate Records & Dalerious.
Following many sell-out shows throughout the United Kingdom and a sold out UKF tour in North America, AEI media appointed Duncan King as the new label manager and Jenni Cochrane as Head of International Events. Jenni Cochrane comes with a lot of music industry experience having worked with global brands such as Ministry of Sound, Hed Kandi, Dance Nation, and Global Underground. She began her work in the music industry at Renaissance in Ibiza when she was 17. When she graduated Jenni was hired by Ministry of Sound to run their Live Tours & Events division. She notes that they have only dipped their toe into the international market but we should expect to see UKF events popping up everywhere especially in North America. In 2013 AEI Media hopes to sign artists on bigger deals, develop new brand concepts, and continue to support artist development.
Label Releases.
Pilot (EP's & Singles).
Any Pilot Records releases with the catalog number PILOTUS, is only available in the United States of America.

</doc>
<doc id="36863003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863003" title="Volvo L340">
Volvo L340

The Volvo L340 was a light truck produced by Swedish automaker Volvo between 1950 and 1956.
History.
The L340, introduced in 1950, was an update of the predecessor L201/202. The mechanical components were the same, but the truck got a more modern front end, mimicking the contemporary taxicab PV831/832.

</doc>
<doc id="36863018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863018" title="Clyde F.C. Reserves and Youth squads">
Clyde F.C. Reserves and Youth squads

As well as the Clyde first team competing in the Scottish Third Division, the club also have a reserve team and various youth teams at different age groups.
Reserve Team.
'A' Team.
It was common from the beginning of reserve football for the majority of club's reserve teams (second XI's) to go by the tag ‘A’ or sometimes ‘B’ or even ‘C’ if a club had more than one reserve side. It wasn’t until after the formation of the new Scottish Reserve League in 1955 that today’s reserve teams go by the actual tag ‘reserves’ and have done since 1957.
During the 1881-82 season Clyde reached the semi finals of the Scottish 2nd XI Cup in the competitions first season. In 1896-97 they reached their first 'major' cup final, the Scottish 2nd XI Cup final eventually losing 4-0 to Hearts. After reaching the semi finals again in 1905-06, they were thwarted by arch rivals Partick Thistle this time.
The club first joined the Scottish Reserve League in 1909-10 and found the first few years of competing in the league tough. It wasn't until the 1913-14 season until they really made their mark when they lost 1-0 at Hearts in a league decider for the Reserve League title. It meant that the club missed out on a unique League and Cup double after they captured the Scottish 2nd XI Cup for the first time ever that season. They dispatched of St. Mirren in the final over two legs (1-1 away and 3-1 at home). They successfully defended the Scottish 2nd XI Cup the following season when Clyde overcame Falkirk in the final over two legs (2-1 loss away and a 3-1 home win).
Their third and final Scottish 2nd XI Cup triumph came in 1941-42. It would be the team's last 'major' cup success for the next sixty six years. In 1945-46 they reached their last Scottish 2nd XI Cup final losing to Hibs, after a superb 6-2 derby victory over arch rivals Partick Thistle in the semi finals.
The Scottish Reserve League merged with the Scottish C Division (third tier) for the 1949-50 season creating two regionalised divisions (South/West and North/East) with Clyde entering a reserve team in the South & West region. The club were crowned champions in 1949-50 and they retained their title in 1950-51. Despite successive titles there was no promotion as only first teams could gain promotion to Division B. As reserve teams were excluded from the Scottish League Cup, the C Division had their own League Cup. Clyde couldn't quite match the success in the cup that they had in the league as they never won the competition. The best they could manage were semi final appearances in 1951-52 and in 1953-54.
League Reconstructure.
After both regional C Divisions were scrapped in June 1955, a new Scottish Reserve League started up. The new Reserve League was an exclusively all First Division league (mirror image of the senior league) and all Second Division club's reserve sides were excluded from joining. There were a number of seasons where not all club's took part. As for team's who were turned away or excluded from joining they set off for pastures new and joined various supplementary leagues over the next few years.
For the first few seasons between 1955 to 1960, Clyde performed relatively well finishing regularly quite high up the table or at least in a respectable mid table position. From then onwards in the seasons they spent in the league, the team were often at the wrong end of the table.
In one of the seasons that Clyde didn't participate in the Reserve League, they joined the fairly popular Combined Reserve League for a single season in 1961-62. Due to the small number of teams involved, the competition was split into an Autumn Series and Spring Series. The club won the Autumn Series and finished second overall in the Combined Table.
Just like Clyde's first team, whose last spell in the Scottish top flight came in 1974-75 the same fate happened to their reserve team following further league reconstructure at senior and reserve level. The Reserve League set up changed again in 1975 after a reorganization of the 'senior' Scottish League into Premier-First-Second Divisions. The new Premier Reserve League was a mirror image of the new Scottish Premier Division interms of membership. Lower league clubs used varying set-ups such as East-West sections and midweek competitions. In latter competitions, clubs didn't always participate as running a reserve side became expensive.
It wasn't until season 1979-80 when Clyde gained membership to re-enter a reserve team back in the Scottish Reserve League. They were placed in the regional West division. Finishing bottom in their first season, it was a further two seasons before they returned. They faired much better during the 1987-88 season when they managed to win the division. It proved to be a one off though. Season 2000-01 proved to Clyde's last in the West Reserves League eventually before all reserves leagues were scrapped after season 2007-08.
Reserve League Cup.
Clyde put together a reserve team for the SFL's Reserve League Cup competition, which includes a mixture of first team fringe players and youngsters. Being able to field overage players allows the club to be able to give fringe players and those who have just returned from injury some valuable game time. The club won the Reserve League Cup for the first time in May 2008. They defeated Livingston 4-1 on their own ground at Almondvale with Dave McKay getting all the goals for Clyde. It was the team's first piece of silverware at reserve level for twenty years. The following season the club failed to retain the trophy after they were knocked out by Ross County in the semi finals losing 3-0 in Dingwall.
Graduates.
Graduates of the youth team who have gone on to play for the first team since moving to Broadwood Stadium include:
Scottish internationals Pat Nevin, Steve Archibald and Ian Ferguson also came through the Clyde youth system.

</doc>
<doc id="36863042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863042" title="Again into Eyes">
Again into Eyes

Again into Eyes is the debut album by Southeast London-based art rock band S.C.U.M, released on 11 September 2011 by Mute.
The album was produced by Ken and Jolyon Thomas, whose notable production credits (individually and together) include David Bowie, Public Image Ltd, Sigur Rós and Psychic TV.
The name "Again into Eyes" is taken from a lyric from the final track on the album; Whitechapel. The song Paris is a rerecording of a track originally featured on the band's SIGNALS project.
Again into Eyes marked a more commercial sound than had previously been heard on pieces such as the SIGNALS project and featured more audible lyrical passages and vocal melodies than any previous release by the band. The album received generally positive reviews, with a 7.3 rating from aggregating website AnyDecentMusic? (based on 9 professional reviews).

</doc>
<doc id="36863053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863053" title="Calum Chambers">
Calum Chambers

Calum Chambers (born 20 January 1995) is an English footballer who plays as a right back for Premier League club Southampton. Originally a member of the club's academy system, Chambers was promoted to the first team at the beginning of the 2012–13 season.
Club career.
At the beginning of the 2012−13 season, Chambers was revealed as one of four youth players to be promoted to Southampton's first team, being assigned the squad number 28. During the pre-season period he made a number of appearances for the team, playing in the Memorial Cup against Anderlecht, coming on as a second-half substitute in the matches against Evian Thonon Gaillard and Étoile Carouge, and making late appearances against Ajax and Wolverhampton Wanderers.
The midfielder made his full debut for Southampton on 28 August 2012 in a 4−1 win over Stevenage in the second round of the League Cup, coming on as an 84th-minute substitute for Dean Hammond and providing the assist for the final goal of the match by Ben Reeves.
On 31 July 2013, Chambers signed a new four-year contract with Southampton.
He made his first-team league debut on 17 August 2013, when he played the full 90 minutes at right-back of the opening game of the 2013–14 season in a 1–0 win against West Bromwich Albion.
International career.
Chambers made his debut for the England under-17 team on 2 February against Portugal. In March he played in all three of the side's matches in the 2012 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship elite round, scoring their only goal of the tournament in a 1−0 win over Ukraine.
On 26 September 2012, Chambers made the step up to the England under-19 team, playing the full 90 minutes in the side's 3−0 win over the Estonia under-19 team in the 2013 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship qualifying round. On 28 September Chambers came on as a second half substitute in the England under-19 team's match against the Faroe Islands under-19s, which England won 6−0, scoring the final goal of the match in the 84th minute. He scored his second under-19 international goal in a 1–0 victory against Turkey on 21 March 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36863059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863059" title="Volvo Snabbe">
Volvo Snabbe

The Volvo Snabbe and Trygge was a series of light trucks produced by Swedish automaker Volvo between 1956 and 1975.
Volvo L420 Snabbe.
Volvo introduced its first forward control truck L420 Snabbe ("Fast") at the end of 1956. It had a payload of approx. 3 tonnes. The truck’s V8 engine had been developed by Volvo for a planned luxury automobile called Volvo Philip in the early 1950s.
A V8 engine in the lightweight vehicle meant impressive performance for a truck. The downside was the gruesome fuel consumption and from 1964 onwards the Snabbe was offered with a diesel engine as an alternative.
Volvo L430 Trygge.
In early 1957 the program was supplemented with the larger L430 Trygge ("Safe"). With sturdier chassis and suspension the payload was increased to approx. 5 tonnes. From 1963 onwards the Trygge was offered with a more economical diesel engine as an alternative. Since Volvo didn’t have the resources to develop an engine of their own, they chose to buy a matching tractor engine from Ford. With only 65 bhp, performance was rather mundane.
Volvo F82/F83.
Volvo introduced its "System 8" in 1965. Changes for the smallest trucks were restricted to new names. Snabbe became F82 and Trygge became F83. Production of the B36 V8 engine halted in 1966, and thus disappeared the last petrol engine Volvo truck. In 1967 Volvo replaced the Ford diesel with a stronger engine from Perkins Engines.
1972 saw the last modernization of the model series. The engine was moved forward in the chassis to provide better space inside the cab. The main exterior change was a new radiator grille in black plastic. The trucks were now called F82S and F83S respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="36863060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863060" title="Sebastián D'Angelo">
Sebastián D'Angelo

Sebastián D'Angelo (born 1989) is an Argentine football goalkeeper who currently plays for Boca Juniors.

</doc>
<doc id="36863067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863067" title="Lucie Fialova">
Lucie Fialova

Lucie Fialova, (born July 22, 1988 in Prague) is a professional squash player who represents Czech Republic. She reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 35 in October 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36863069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863069" title="Dato' Norza Zakaria">
Dato' Norza Zakaria

Ybhg. Dato’ Mohamad Norza Bin Haji Zakaria (born in 1966) is a public figure in Malaysia. Dato’ Norza is currently the Deputy-President of Badminton Association of Malaysia (BAM) and the President of the Kuala Lumpur Badminton Association (KLBA), which has propelled Malaysia to the world stage of badminton, having produced Olympic and World-Class Champions such as Datuk Lee Chong Wei, Koo Kien Keat and Tan Boon Heong. Dato' Norza is also the Chairman of the National Sports Institute (Institut Sukan Negara).
Early Life & Educational Background.
Dato’ Norza is the son of schoolteachers and was born in Malacca and grew up in Negeri Sembilan. After his studies in SekolahTuanku Jaafar in Kuala Pilah, Negeri Sembilan, he received his Higher School of Certificate from the Randwick Boys High School in Australia in 1985.
A Chartered Accountant (CA) from the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA) by profession, Dato’ Norza studied and received his Bachelor of Commerce in Accounting from the University of Wollongong in Australia from 1986 to 1988.
In 2008, Dato’ Norza qualified as a Fellow of Certified Practicing Accountants of Australia (FCPA, Australia).
With his passion and enthusiasm for the game of Polo, Dato’ Norza is also a Patron of the Bukit Kiara Polo Club.
Professional Background.
As a Chartered Accountant, Dato’ Norza started his career with Arthur Andersen & Co, and held managerial, executive and high level positions with Bank Negara Malaysia, Petronas, SPK Sentosa, Mun Loong Berhad and Gabungan Strategik Sdn Bhd.
Dato’ Norza sits on several boards of high-profile publicly listed corporations in Malaysia and is the Group President & CEO of Citaglobal Sdn Bhd, a company he started in 2008 that has a wide diversity of business holdings from oil and gas, hospitality, transportation and media technology.
Dato’ Norza currently sits on the Board of Directors of Bintulu Port Holdings Bhd, TH Heavy Engineering Berhad, Pelikan International Corporation Berhad, Bintulu Port Sdn Bhd, THHE Fabricators Sdn Bhd, Berlian McDermott Sdn Bhd and Samalaju Industrial Port Sdn Bhd. He also held similar positions with Lembaga Urusan Tabung Haji, Institut Terjemahan Negara Malaysia and PT XL Axiata Tbk (formerly known as PT Excelcomindo Pratama Tbk).
Political Background.
Dato Norza began an active involvement in politics beginning with the student movement and NGOs during his studies at the University of Wollongong. In 1986, he was a General Representative of the University of Wollonggong.
In 1992, having been identified as possessing excellent leadership, intelligence, communication and organizational skills, Dato Norza began his involvement with the premier political ruling party of Malaysia; UMNO
Dato’ Norza was the former UMNO Youth Chief Federal Territory and the youngest ever member of the UMNO Supreme Council (MT) (from 2004 to 2008) which oversees policy-making for the government of the country.
In 2004, Dato’ Norza held his first political appointment as the Political Secretary to the Minister of Finance II in the Ministry of Finance of Malaysia. He was appointed to the Supreme Council of UMNO and played an important role in establishing UMNO policies and procedures. 
In 2009, Dato’ Norza was erroneously charged on 2 counts of money politics (one amounting to USD 454 and the other USD 570) and despite attempts to find him guilty, the case was withdrawn before the conclusion of the trial and his innocence was proven beyond doubt.
Many believe that these charges were a conspiracy and were instigated and brought on by Dato Norza's political enemies because of his immense popularity as a grassroots leader.
On 17 June 2013, at a press conference in Cheras, Secretary of Federal Territories UMNO Liaison Body, Datuk Seri Syed Ali Alhabshee publicly announced that Dato' Norza's rights as an UMNO member had been fully reinstated and was fully exonerated.

</doc>
<doc id="36863072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863072" title="Certified (song)">
Certified (song)

"Certified" is a song by American rapper Glasses Malone, released as the first single from his third studio album, "Beach Cruiser". The track is produced by DJ Toomp and features Akon.
West coast artists such as Jay Rock, E-40, and Mack 10 make cameos in the music video. The music video premiered on BET's 106 & Park on March 4, 2008.
The remix features Kam, Bun B and Lil Wayne.
Another remix by artists signed to Malone's record label Blu Division featuring Conflict, Quiz, The Bloc Boyz, K-Style, Roc Slanga and Akon.

</doc>
<doc id="36863120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863120" title="Volvo LV71-series">
Volvo LV71-series

The Volvo LV71-series was a medium size truck produced by Swedish automaker Volvo between 1932 and 1935.
History.
Volvo introduced the LV71-series in the spring of 1932. The truck was built on two different wheelbases: 3.4 and 4.1 m. There were two weight classes: LV71 and LV72 with a payload of 2.5 tonnes and LV73 and LV74 with a payload of 3 tonnes.
The medium sized truck series also included Volvo’s first forward control truck, LV75. The cab was moved forward so that the driver sat beside the engine instead of the gear box like a conventional truck. This gives a better weight distribution between the front and rear axle, resulting in reduced rear axle load.

</doc>
<doc id="36863138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863138" title="Robert Bower (died 1606)">
Robert Bower (died 1606)

Robert Bower (died 1606), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Salisbury in 1593.

</doc>
<doc id="36863151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863151" title="Mouldon Hill railway station">
Mouldon Hill railway station

Mouldon Hill railway station is the proposed southern terminus of the Swindon and Cricklade Railway, a heritage railway line in England. The station will be situated opposite the River Ray which flows through and within Mouldon Hill Country Park.

</doc>
<doc id="36863154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863154" title="Rosalina Lydster">
Rosalina Lydster

Rosalina Tran Lydster (born September 16, 1962) is a Vietnamese American jewelry designer. She was co-designer of the crown for the Miss Universe 2008 competition.
Early life and education.
Rosalina Lydster was born in Vietnam to Hai Vo, a jeweler for Vietnam’s first lady and other Saigon socialites. Her father was a trained architect. The family owned a jewelry business that catered to high-end clients. They later moved to The United States in the 1970’s and continued the jewelry business in San Francisco. Lydster studied business at San Francisco State University and continued her studies at the Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising.
Career.
After graduation, Lydster began her career as an investment banker for a major Wall Street firm. She had been designing wedding bands and other pieces for friends until deciding to found her company of Jewelry by Rosalina in 2001. In 2005, she was named as one of the official jewelers for the 2006 Academy Awards. In 2008, Lydster was selected as the co-designer for the Miss Universe 2008 competition and as a preliminary judge for the Miss Universe 2009 competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36863157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863157" title="Thomas Eyre (MP)">
Thomas Eyre (MP)

Thomas Eyre (died 1628), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Salisbury in 1597.

</doc>
<doc id="36863158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863158" title="English cricket team in New Zealand in 2012–13">
English cricket team in New Zealand in 2012–13

The English cricket team toured New Zealand from 4 February to 26 March 2013, their first tour of New Zealand since 2008. The tour consisted of three Twenty20 International matches, three One Day Internationals and three Test matches; the Test series saw the teams contest the Astle–Atherton Trophy for the first time. No man of the match awards were given in the T20I or ODI series, with prize money being given to charity instead.
On the fifth day of the 3rd Test, Stuart Broad set a new record for the longest time spent at the crease without scoring a run, with 103 minutes out in the middle. The previous record was 101 minutes, set by New Zealander Geoff Allott against South Africa in 1999.
Squads.
<br>
Statistics.
ODI.
England
New Zealand
Test.
England
New Zealand

</doc>
<doc id="36863161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863161" title="Volvo LV81-series">
Volvo LV81-series

The Volvo LV80/90-series was a medium size truck produced by Swedish automaker Volvo between 1935 and 1940.
History.
Volvo presented a new medium sized truck in 1935. The truck was available in two versions: the smaller LV80-series, with a side-valve engine and the larger LV90-series, with an overhead valve engine. On this generation of trucks the engine and cab was moved forward so that the engine was mounted above the front axle, not behind as before. This gives a better load distribution between the front and rear axle, resulting in reduced rear axle load.
After a year the older DC engine of the LV90-series was replaced by the bigger FC engine. Both engines were offered in Hesselman version.

</doc>
<doc id="36863183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863183" title="George Kekewich (Saltash MP)">
George Kekewich (Saltash MP)

George Kekewich (1530-1582) was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Salisbury in March 1553.

</doc>
<doc id="36863184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863184" title="Chris Ducker">
Chris Ducker

Chris Ducker is a British businessman, the founder and CEO of Virtual Staff Finder and the Live2Sell Group of Companies. He is well known as a "Virtual CEO".
Ducker has appeared in "Forbes India" and on the cover of "Globalization Today". "Rise to the Top" named Ducker one of 20 Unconventional Entrepreneurs. He was the keynote speaker at the 2011 Visayas Blogging Summit and a featured speaker at the 2011 BlogWorld Expo. Ducker has also accepted an invitation to speak at the 4th International Outsourcing Summit in October, 2012.
Ducker is the author of "Virtual Freedom: How to Work with Virtual Staff to Buy More Time, Become More Productive and Build Your Dream Business", a Top 150 Amazon.com Bestseller, as well as a #1 Bestseller in three different Amazon business categories.
Education.
Ducker earned a bachelor's degree from Merton College in London, United Kingdom. He studied entrepreneurship, media marketing, and operational management.
Early career.
Ducker worked for Hemmings International starting in his early twenties. He stayed with Hemmings International until 1996.
In 1996, Ducker launched his first entrepreneurial venture when he published a niche magazine for Hong Kong movie enthusiasts. In 1997, Ducker visited Hong Kong and interviewed dozens of actors and producers. These interviews were the core content for his magazine and later became a video documentary. Ducker sold the magazine after three years.
In 2000, Ducker moved to the Philippines to train telemarketers for a bank. He decided to stay and live in the country. After completing his contract, Ducker began consulting and hosting seminars. 
In 2010, Ducker set a personal goal to become a virtual CEO. He spent 2010 finding ways to work fewer hours and work away from the office. Ducker achieved his goal in December 2010 and now spends six hours a week in the office. In an interview with Adrian Swinscoe, Ducker said that he became a Virtual CEO to decrease stress and spend more time with his children.
Companies.
Ducker founded the Live2Sell Group in 2004. The Live2Sell Group began as a sales training company with six people. It now provides outsourced call-center services, telemarketing, customer service, and virtual assistant work. Live2Sell is located in Cebu, Philippines. Today, the Live2Sell Group has more than 300 full-time employees.
Ducker founded Virtual Staff Finder in 2010. Virtual Staff Finder matches entrepreneurs with virtual assistants based in the Philippines. It targets small businesses and provides security features like background checks and interviews.
Awards and recognition.
Ducker has been featured in Entrepreneur Magazine twice He also appeared on the cover of Globalization Today's April 2010 issue.
Forbes India featured Ducker for his success as a CEO in December 2011.
Rise to the Top named Ducker one of 20 Unconventional Entrepreneurs. The list also included Tim Ferriss of Four Hour Work Week and Seth Godin.
Ducker is a member of the International Association of Outsourcing Professionals.
Public speaking.
Ducker was the Keynote Speaker at the 2011 Visayas Blogging Summit and a featured speaker at the 2011 BlogWorld Expo in Los Angeles, California. Ducker also accepted an invitation to speak at the 4th International Outsourcing Summit, in late 2012. He has also presented at various Business Blueprint events, as well as the New Media Expo in Las Vegas, January, 2013.
Ducker is frequently interviewed for podcasts like the "4 Hour Work Week Success Stories", "Smart Passive Income", and "Mumpreneurs". He has hosted and spoken at seminars for aspiring assistants in the Philippines.
Works.
Ducker has authored two eBooks: ""Business Growth and the Outsourcing Lifestyle"" and ""Saving the Day, the Virtual Way"".
Ducker launched the Virtual Business Lifestyle blog in 2010, which teaches entrepreneurs how to lead a freedom based business lifestyle. By the end of 2011, the site was attracting 25,000 visitors a month.
In September 2012, Ducker relaunched his entrepreneurial blog at "ChrisDucker.com". Along with the blog is his 7-Day ‘New Business’ Bootcamp, which is a free course that entrepreneurs can download to help learn more about new media marketing, such as blogging, online video, podcasting, marketing ebooks, outsourcing and more. 
Fast forward to April 1, 2014 and Ducker launched his first ever traditionally published book, entitled "Virtual Freedom: How to Work with Virtual Staff to Buy More Time, Become More Productive and Build Your Dream Business". The book became a Top 150 Amazon.com Bestseller, as well as a #1 Bestseller in three different Amazon business categories, confirming Ducker's command on the solopreneur and small business outsourcing stage.
Personal.
Ducker was born in London, United Kingdom. In 2000, he moved to the Philippines to train telemarketers for a local bank. He has lived in the Philippines for over twelve years. Ducker is married and has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="36863185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863185" title="Florida State Road 247">
Florida State Road 247

State Road 247 (SR 247) is a southwest to northeast state highway between US 129 (SR 249) in Branford, Suwannee County, Florida and US 90 (SR 10) in Lake City, Columbia County, Florida. It is almost entirely a two-lane undivided highway except at its termini, and some intersections, where it contains left-turn lanes. Between its termini, SR 247 intersects with no state roads other than former ones.
Route description.
State Road 247 begins at US 129 (Suwannee Avenue), as West Plant Street, which is a four lane divived highway for only one block. That block is Drane Steeet, and is where the first reassurance sign for the route can be found. Despite being signed as north and south, in this town it is geographically more west and east. Within Branford, all north-south streets intersecting are prefixed with "Northwest" north of SR 247, and "Southwest" south of SR 247, until you reach Reynolds Street which is prefixed simply as North Reynolds on the north Side, and South Reynolds on the south side. West Plant Street becomes East Plant Street at the intersection of Northeast Draughton Avenue and Southeast Draughton Avenue, and this pattern exists for one more block. Aside from the Branford Elementary School, most of the surroundings along SR 247 consists of farmland, and occasional wooded areas. SR 247 curves more to the northeast after the intersection of Governor Road (254th Street), and remains at that angle throughout the rest of its journey. In the ironically named unincorporated community of Beachville the road encounters a fire tower and a gas station on the west side of County Road 49, a former section of State Road 49, which contains a blinker light and turning ramps on the southwest and southeast corners, and later serves as the eastern terminus of CR 248, a road that both serves as a de facto connecting ramp to and from CR 49, and leads to the Little River Springs Trailhead of the Suwannee River Greenway Trail. North of Beachville, at least four power line right-of-ways cross the road, the first of which is wider and more prominent than the other three. A local street leads to Ichetucknee Hideaway Cottages a mobile home park promoted for cave diving. After this the road encountes an intersection with CR 137(Sand Hill Road), a south-to-north county road spanning from US 27 in Hildreth through Wellborn to SR 136 in Poucher's Corner. This intersection contains turning ramps on the southwest and northeast corners, but no traffic signals or businesses of any kind. Three more local intersections exist before SR 247 crosses Suwannee-Columbia County Line, including one along the south side of the street along the county line itself.
Continuing at the same angle it had in eastern Suwannee County, SR 247 immediately has an intersection with CR 240, a bi-county west-to-east road that heads east to Union County. This intersection contains another series of blinker lights, turning ramps on the southwest and northeast corners, and a gas station on the northwest corner. Roughly several local intersections after this, the road encounters CR 242, a bi-county road west-to-east that spans from rural Suwannee County to south of Lake City. Here, two gas stations exist on both the northwest and southeast corners, and the intersection has regular traffic signals mounted on a single overhead mast supported on both aforementioned corners. North of this area, the surroundings are slightly more developed but still remains rural. The next signalized intersection is Southwest Callahan Avenue which is a south-to-north street that crosses the road, that also serves as the southern terminus of CR 252B (Morrell Road), a suffixed alternate of County Road 252. The road just touches the Lake City Limits as it runs along a bridge over Interstate 75 with no access, and a golf course owned by the Quail Heights Country Club can be found on the southeast corner of that bridge. After the intersection of Southwest Bascom Norris Road, the route passes the Columbia County Fair, and Lake City Flea Market, State Road 247 becomes a divided highway once again and finally terminates at US 90.

</doc>
<doc id="36863210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863210" title="Kasethan Kadavulada (2011 film)">
Kasethan Kadavulada (2011 film)

Kasethan Kadavulada is a 2011 comedy film written and directed by Thirumalai, starring Sharan, Kamna Jethmalani, Karunas, Pandiarajan, Divya Padmini, Sathyan, Manobala, Delhi Ganesh, Paravai Muniyamma, Singamuthu playing the main characters. The film, directed by Thirumalai, has music scored by comedian and singer Karunas. It is a remake of Telugu film "Blade Babji". The film got negative reviews, it had poor opening and was a flop.

</doc>
<doc id="36863217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863217" title="Volvo Roundnose">
Volvo Roundnose

The Volvo LV120/130/140/150-series, or the Roundnose was a medium-size truck produced by Swedish automaker Volvo between 1939 and 1954.
History.
The "Roundnose" was introduced in the autumn of 1939, in conjunction with the outbreak of the Second World War. The truck was originally built in three versions. The smallest LV120-series had the same side-valve engine as the Sharpnose. The larger LV125-series and the sturdier LV130-series had the same overhead valve engine as its predecessor LV90. During the war, many of these trucks were equipped with wood gas generators. 1944 saw the introduction of the LV140-series with the big FE engine which replaced the LV180/190-series.
In 1946 the Roundnose became the first Volvo truck offered with a diesel engine. The LV150-series was equipped with Volvo's VDA pre-chamber diesel engine.
All versions were updated in the early 1950s. The LV120-series became the L220-series with a stronger ED engine. The LV140-series became the L230-series, with an improved A6 engine and the LV150-series became the L245-series with a direct injected VDC diesel engine.

</doc>
<doc id="36863229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863229" title="Peter Sainthill (died 1571)">
Peter Sainthill (died 1571)

Peter Sainthill (by 1524-1571), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Grampound in 1547 and Saltash in April 1554.

</doc>
<doc id="36863231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863231" title="Christopher Gordon (squash player)">
Christopher Gordon (squash player)

Christopher Gordon, (born July 17, 1986 in New York) is a professional squash player who represents the United States. He reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 44 in May, 2013. He won a silver medal at the 2011 Pan American Games in the doubles with partner Julian Illingworth. His signature victory came in the 2012 U.S. Open in Philadelphia in the 1st round against Hisham Ashour in 5 games.

</doc>
<doc id="36863272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863272" title="2012 SK Brann season">
2012 SK Brann season

The 2012 season was Brann's 26th consecutive year in Tippeligaen, It was Rune Skarsfjord's second full season as the club's manager. Brann competed in the Tippeligaen, finishing 6th, and the 2012 Norwegian Football Cup where they were knocked out by eventual winners IL Hødd at the semi-final stage .
Transfers.
Winter.
In:
Out: 
Summer.
In:
Out: 

</doc>
<doc id="36863278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863278" title="Akkineni Kutumba Rao">
Akkineni Kutumba Rao

Akkineni Kutumba Rao is an Indian filmmaker in Tollywood, known for his work in Telugu Parallel Cinema.
Awards.
National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu - Bhadram Koduko
Nandi Award for Best Children's Film - Bhadram Koduko

</doc>
<doc id="36863281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863281" title="Volvo Brage">
Volvo Brage

The Volvo Brage/Starke/Raske was a series of medium size trucks produced by Swedish automaker Volvo between 1954 and 1972.
In 1954 Volvo introduced the medium sized truck L370 Brage, named after the Norse god Bragi. The truck had a payload of 4.5 tonnes. Brage had an overhead valve petrol engine. In 1955 a budget model called L360 was added. It had a reduced payload of 3.5 tonnes and a side-valve engine. The L360, which was never called Brage, was discontinued in 1957. Early trucks had an non-synchronized four-speed gear box, but this was soon replaced by a synchronized five-speed transmission. Demand for trucks with petrol engines declined with rising fuel prices and the Brage model was discontinued in 1963.
Volvo Starke.
Parallel with the Brage model Volvo offered a diesel version called L375 Starke (“Strong”), with a payload of 4.5 tonnes. In 1955 the budget model L365 was added, with a payload of 3.5 tonnes but it was discontinued the following year. Also Starke soon got its unsynchronized gear box replaced with a more modern five-speed gear box.
In 1961 the truck's name was changed to L465 Starke.
Volvo Raske.
In 1961 the sturdier L475 Raske (“Swift”) was introduced, with a payload of 5 tonnes. Besides Starke's diesel engine Raske was offered with a turbo-diesel.
In 1962 Volvo added the forward control L4751 Raske Tiptop with a tilting cab to the program.
Volvo N84.
Volvo introduced its "System 8" in 1965. The Starke model carried on with the new name N84. The major change for the truck was a more powerful engine.
Other.
In Norway, this series of trucks were nicknamed "Bamse"(a diminutive for "bear", also meaning "teddy bear")The original names are mostly unknown. The bigger "Viking" retained its original name.

</doc>
<doc id="36863282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863282" title="United Arab Republic at the 1959 Mediterranean Games">
United Arab Republic at the 1959 Mediterranean Games

United Arab Republic containing "Egypt" and "Syria" participated at the 1959 Mediterranean Games held in Beirut, Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="36863284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863284" title="Olga Gere">
Olga Gere

Olga Gere-Pulić (Serbian Cyrillic: Олга Гере-Пулић; born September 27, 1942 in Novi Sad, Yugoslavia) is a former Yugoslav high jumper.
She won first medal for Yugoslavia at the European Athletics Championships, silver in 1962. Gere represented Yugoslavia at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics where she was placed 7th.

</doc>
<doc id="36863293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863293" title="Michael B. Hall">
Michael B. Hall

Michael B. Hall is an American inorganic and theoretical chemist. He obtained his B.S. degree in Chemistry from Juniata College in 1966, and his Ph.D. with Richard F. Fenske at the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1971. Hall is currently a professor at Texas A&M University. 
Hall was involved in the development of the Fenske-Hall method, an "ab initio" molecular orbital method, as well as the Couty-Hall modification to the LANL2DZ basis sets.

</doc>
<doc id="36863300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863300" title="Humphrey Cavell">
Humphrey Cavell

Humphrey Cavell (by 1525-1558), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Ludgershall in March 1553, Saltash in April and November 1554, and for Bodmin in 1555.

</doc>
<doc id="36863309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863309" title="Ron Gould (disambiguation)">
Ron Gould (disambiguation)

Ron Gould or Ronald Gould may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36863310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863310" title="90th New York State Legislature">
90th New York State Legislature

The 90th New York State Legislature, consisting of the New York State Senate and the New York State Assembly, met from January 1 to April 20, 1867, during the third year of Reuben E. Fenton's governorship, in Albany.
Background.
Under the provisions of the New York Constitution of 1846, 32 Senators and 128 assemblymen were elected in single-seat districts; senators for a two-year term, assemblymen for a one-year term. The senatorial districts were made up of entire counties, except New York County (four districts) and Kings County (two districts). The Assembly districts were made up of entire towns, or city wards, forming a contiguous area, all within the same county. 
On April 16, 1866, the Legislature re-apportioned the Assembly seats per county. Allegany, Chenango, Herkimer, Jefferson, Livingston, Steuben and Suffolk counties lost one seat each; Erie County gained one seat, Kings County gained two seats; and New York County gained four seats.
On April 25, 1866, the Legislature re-apportioned the Senate districts.
At this time there were two major political parties: the Republican Party and the Democratic Party. During the American Civil War many War Democrats had joined the Republicans, and after the end of the war the parties re-aligned, leaving the Democrats in a minority. To increase their ranks, the Democrats now proposed to form a "Conservative Union" of Democrats and Conservative Republicans, and nominated a state ticket with Democrat John T. Hoffman for Governor, and Republican Robert H. Pruyn for Lieutenant Governor.
Elections.
The New York state election, 1866 was held on November 6. Gov. Reuben E. Fenton was re-elected. Stewart L. Woodford (R) was elected Lieutenant Governor, and the other two statewide elective offices up for election were carried by the Republicans too. The approximate party strength at this election, as expressed by the vote for Governor, was: Republicans 366,000 and Conservative Union 352,000. According to the Constitution of 1846, twenty years after its elaboration the electorate was asked if they wanted a Constitutional Convention to be held, which was answered in the affirmative.
Sessions.
The Legislature met for the regular session at the Old State Capitol in Albany on January 1, 1867; and adjourned on April 20.
Edmund L. Pitts (R) was elected Speaker with 80 votes against 43 for Jarvis Lord (D).
On January 15, the Legislature elected Roscoe Conkling (R) to succeed Ira Harris as U.S. Senator from New York for a six-year term beginning on March 4, 1867.
On January 25, the State Senate concluded the trial of George W. Smith, Judge of the Oneida County Court, and removed Smith from office. 
On January 31, Charles J. Folger was re-elected President pro tempore of the State Senate.
On April 1, John O'Donnell (R) was elected President pro tempore "for the evening." 
On April 10, Henry C. Murphy (D) was elected President pro tempore "for the day." 
On April 23, the delegates to the Constitutional Convention were elected, resulting in a Republican majority.
On June 4, the Constitutional Convention met at Albany. William A. Wheeler was chosen President, and Luther Caldwell Secretary. On the opening day, one of the delegates, Assemblyman L. Harris Hiscock was murdered at Stanwix Hall (a hotel in Albany).
On September 23, the Constitutional Convention adjourned.
On November 5, the New York state election, 1867, was held. All eight statewide elective offices up for election were carried by the Democrats, and a Democratic majority was elected to the Assembly.
On November 12, the Constitutional Convention met again, and adjourned "sine die" on February 28, 1868. How to put the proposed amendments before the electorate was then debated throughout the 91st and the 92nd Legislatures, and all amendments, except the re-organization of the judicial system, were eventually rejected by the voters at the New York state election, 1869.
State Senate.
Districts.
Note: The Senators in the 90th Legislature had been elected in November 1865 for a two-year term under the apportionment of 1857, as listed below. Although the 89th Legislature (1866) had re-apportioned the Senate districts, the first election under the new apportionment was held in November 1867, to elect the senators who sat in the 91st Legislature.
Note: There are now 62 counties in the State of New York. The counties which are not mentioned in this list had not yet been established, or sufficiently organized, the area being included in one or more of the abovementioned counties.
Members.
The asterisk (*) denotes members of the previous Legislature who continued in office as members of this Legislature.
State Assembly.
Assemblymen.
The asterisk (*) denotes members of the previous Legislature who continued as members of this Legislature.
Party affiliations follow the vote for Speaker.

</doc>
<doc id="36863322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863322" title="Volvo F85">
Volvo F85

The Volvo F84/F85/F86 was a series of medium size trucks produced by Swedish automaker Volvo between 1965 and 1979.
Volvo F84/F85.
Volvo presented the forward control Raske Tiptop with a tilting cab in 1962. When Volvo introduced its "System 8" in 1965 the truck got a new, bigger engine and was renamed F85. Between 1968 and 1974 Volvo offered a budget version called F84 without power steering and with reduced payload.
In 1976 Volvo upgraded the truck and renamed it F85S. The S-version had a bigger engine and a more comfortable cab.
Volvo F86.
In 1964 Volvo had mounted the forward control cab from Raske Tiptop on its Viking model. When Volvo introduced its "System 8" the following year, the truck was renamed F86. The changes, however, were more extensive than that and included a new engine, a new eight-speed gear box and a general updating of most of the components.
Modernization of the truck in 1973 included a new plastic radiator grille. In 1976 the driver’s work place was improved with a more comfortable cab.

</doc>
<doc id="36863331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863331" title="United Arab Republic at the 1963 Mediterranean Games">
United Arab Republic at the 1963 Mediterranean Games

United Arab Republic containing "Egypt" only participated at the 1963 Mediterranean Games held in Naples, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="36863334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863334" title="Ernst Kaiser">
Ernst Kaiser

Ernst David Kaiser (October 3, 1911 in Vienna - January 1, 1972 in Reading, England) was an Austrian writer and translator.
Life and work.
The Jewish Austrian Ernst David Kaiser was born in Vienna in Bandgasse. His father, a Jewish merchant, came from the Slovak part of Hungary, the mother of Brno. At birth he was Hungarian, Austrians later because opting the Father. Ernst Kaiser grew up in Vienna, attended a high school, passed the Matura, his military service and studied German. Before he could finish his doctorate, took place on 12 March 1938 annexation of Austria into the German Reich. A few months later emperor fled to Prague to Poland and from there by ship to Southampton / UK. He settled in London. He found only in a slaughterhouse a job where he dragged pork and sides of beef in cold storage. When the war began Emperor was interned "and was afterwards almost six years in the British Army (France, Belgium, Holland, Germany), as the military government in Hamburg as an interpreter at the rank of sergeant and pulled it right then retire to private life and to the to waive any officer rank. "Later, he wrote that he had fought against Germany in Germany.
Postwar period.
Still in Hamburg was published in 1946 his first book, "Shadow Man", a novella, published by Hans Duve. He lived in London, working as a translator. As a writer he has been unsuccessful. End of 1946, Emperor British citizenship. He learned Eithne Wilkins, a New Zealand Germanist know, translator and poet. She taught at the time as a lecturer at the University of London. Kaiser and Wilkins married 1949th
1947 Kaiser asked the Bollingen Foundation in New York, a grant to the second part of his novel writing "The Story of a Murder." It is the writer Hermann Broch, who examined the first 480 pages of the manuscript for the Foundation. Broch is full of praise and recommends promoting emperor. He is aware that it will be difficult to find a publisher for the bulky book. He therefore makes the proposal to set up a library, to be collected in the publication is worth manuscripts for the first place, no publisher, so they are not lost or forgotten.
Despite the use of Hermann Broch leaned from the Foundation to promote Emperor. He wrote the second part of his novel without subsidies, as in the following years, a series of novels and short stories. Together with his wife he has translated books from German into English. They are regarded as outstanding good translators who work for first publishing addresses in the U.S. and the UK. Are on the long list of its transmissions including Novels, short stories and poems by Goethe, Kafka, Benn, Feuchtwanger, Wiechert, Kokoschka and Lenz, further letter volumes of Gustav Mahler and Arnold Schoenberg.
Musil translation.
Groundbreaking is their translations of several works of Robert Musil, including "The Man Without Qualities", they not only translated, but also in the new version edidierten from the estate. In fact, the scientific work on Robert Musil's work since 1950 for Kaiser and Wilkins-Kaiser their main activity. Already in 1948, "they gave the most spectacular signal the importance of the writer (Musil) after the Second World War for the first time raised awareness with a large article in the London Times." Since 1950, co-published numerous scientific papers on Musil's work in journals and anthologies, including the 1962 extensive band "Robert Musil - An introduction to the work." In 
Stuttgart
The contact to the Bollingen Foundation has now been helpful. In the period from 1954 to 1965, the couple Kaiser / Wilkins was thanks to several grants from the Foundation eleven years living in Rome and view the estate Musil and evaluate. The resulting findings led to a several years-long disagreement with the Rowohlt been published where Adolf Frise, a complete edition of the works of Robert Musil was. It was located in the estate of the Frise texts Musil ignored, with the result that additional chapters to the novel "The Man Without Qualities" were not published, and also the order of the published chapter was incorrect. Only after vigorous public discourse and after in the U.S. and in the UK, the translation of the book appeared in the correct form and completed by Emperor / Wilkins, the Rowohlt decided on a revised edition. In the period from 21 April 1967 was to read: "The years of conflict to the Musil-Edition, fueled by the reduction studies of Eithne Wilkins and Ernst Kaiser Kaiser, have still found a happy ending. The Rowohlt ... announced that a new edition of his work has now begun. Published 1968 ... and of Frise, together with the Emperor ... developed new edition of "The Man Without Qualities" ... so it seems as if one of the few outstanding German writers of this century, but come to a regular edition of his work. "
Also on the relocation of the estate of Robert Musil from Rome to Austria, where these materials are now archived in database of the National Library in Vienna, the couple Kaiser / Wilkins had played a major role.
In 1969, Ernst Kaiser publish a second book. It is the Paracelsus monograph in the monograph series of KESSINGER publisher. Why does the author of Paracelsus interested is currently not known. Maybe it was a commissioned work for the publisher, which was made for purely financial reasons.
Publication of the 2nd Romans.
Multiple tried Ernst Kaiser, his novel "The Story of a Murder" to accommodate German publishers. Friends, as the German scholar Wilhelm Bausinger tried to assist him. For nearly three years the manuscript was published by Suhrkamp Verlag. Several times was from there signaled a willingness to publish this work. Kaiser was asked to cut the text clearly. This he declined, not because he did not want any cuts, but he noted that the work must be "objectively made useful". He hoped to "live it to cut a god and streamlined." In November 1960 Suhrkamp handed the manuscript back without comment. Kaiser presented the text now on the publisher Ledig-Rowohlt, with whom he was for three years because of the revision of Musil issue in personal contact. Also Ledig-Rowohlt began by the publication of the novel in view; but also insisted on cuts. Kaiser was, as he reported in a letter to Bausinger, agrees. However, he has declared Ledig-Rowohlt that he could not make this revision. First, it was ten years ago that he had completed the work, he was temporally unable to hineinzufinden again in his text, and secondly, come the novel of a life time that he had finished, and in the back he did not want. He got the publisher to cut free hand given to cut too sharply. Kaiser was more surprised that his manuscript was sent by a publisher secretary without any comment two months later.
The writer Ingrid Bachér, who now lives in Düsseldorf, held in the first half of the 1960s in Rome. She learned the couple Kaiser / Wilkins know, it was friendship. They also offered "The story of a murder" in its present publishers. Her opposite was Ernst Kaiser free hand with regard to the revision of the text. Even then their efforts were unsuccessful. Ingrid Bacher returned to Germany, and Ernst Kaiser and his wife moved in 1966 to the UK. Kaiser Eithne Wilkins received in spring 1968 as a professor at the University of Reading. Kaiser was appointed Honorary Research Fellow and directed with his wife, the Robert Musil Research Unit at the University. Ingrid Bacher, the emperor remained in contact corresponded.
Disappeared estate
On 1 January 1972 Ernst Kaiser died in Reading. Just two years later, in late 1974, also died Eithne Wilkins Kaiser. Shortly thereafter reported to Ingrid Bacher, the former assistant of Kaiser-Wilkins at the University and wrote the Emperor would have to hand over all her manuscripts Ernst Kaiser, with the request to publish try out this bundle. She answered immediately, she was ready to take on the lyrics. The announced package with the lyrics but never came. All attempts to clarify the whereabouts of the package were unsuccessful. The assistant had to go to a closed psychiatric hospital and was no longer accessible. Reading the Emperor is no discount available. The brother of Eithne Wilkins, a scientist, refused to provide any information. The texts of the writer Ernst David Kaiser had listed as missing. In one of her novels, wrote Ingrid Bacher fate emperor and his manuscripts. Thus, the unknown author was a literary figure.
Two forums of Else Lasker-Schüler company reported Ingrid Bacher Ernst Kaiser, his wife and his missing texts. In 2001, she then spoke to a young man and offered to conduct a search. In the Internet age must surely be to find something about Kaiser. He was right. The German Literature Archive in Marbach, there were numerous references to the Emperor, correspondence with authors, journals and publishers. As particularly productive premature legacy of the ethnologist proved Prof. Dr. Hermann Bausinger. Hermann Bausinger handed over to the archives - as part of its Vorlasses - even the estate of his brother William, who was killed in 1966 fatal. This includes inter alia An extensive correspondence of William Bausinger with Ernst Kaiser and Eithne Wilkins Kaiser. They were connected not only as Musil researchers, but also devoted to friendship. Moreover, in Bausinger inventory, manuscripts Emperor exist, including the carbon copy of a typewritten manuscript of the novel "The Story of a Murder", a total of over 1,000 pages, divided into a first part, "The Big House", an "interlude" and a second part of "The White House".
Ingrid Bacher went to Marbach and read the text in the archive "The Big House" and many letters from Kaiser / Bausinger. She let him copy the manuscript, looking for a publisher. Again succeeded over the years not a publisher to print the novel "The Story of a Murder" to move. This despite always great interest in disclosure was signaled. Only in the spring of 2008 she was on the basis of personal acquaintance with the publisher Ralf love and his program director Helmut Braun two colleagues who were willing to implement the publication of the novel. After reading the entire manuscript suggested Brown, initially published the first part of the text as "The Story of a Murder." Since the second part, "The White House", far removed from the narrative of the first part and the only clip the character of the protagonist is, it is justified to speak of two novels that can be published separately. Ingrid Bacher took it over, as promised his time, the text referred to Emperor "objectively useful to make" him "to tighten and shorten." It did so gently and without stylistic interventions. The necessary transcript - creating a file - and their correction led to a tentative alignment with today's spelling and punctuation, without mentioning the peculiarities of spelling Emperor impaired. Now there is a "human readable text" before, which tells of a man who becomes embroiled in a surreal way in a murder case, falling into a trap of reality and fiction, the question of guilt nearly destroyed and what by waiving all accounting for his life, seeking a release.
Kaiser's literary archive is now with a niece of Eithne Wilkins, in London. The archive includes unpublished manuscripts, correspondence and original artwork.

</doc>
<doc id="36863348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863348" title="Caz Walton">
Caz Walton

Caz Walton OBE (born Carol Bryant; 1 February 1947) is a British retired wheelchair athlete and former Great Britain Paralympic team manager. She was a multi-disciplinary gold medallist who competed in numerous Paralympic Games. Between 1964 and 1976 she won medals in athletics, swimming, table tennis, and fencing. She took a break from the Paralympics, entering the basketball and fencing competitions in 1988.
Sporting career.
Walton enjoyed a lengthy competitive career, winning medals in European, Commonwealth, and World Championships. She competed in a wide range of events, including athletics, table tennis, swimming, fencing, and basketball.
Paralympics.
Walton began her Paralympic career at the 1964 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo. She took part in two athletics events, the slalom and the wheelchair dash, winning gold in both. At the 1968 Games in Tel Aviv Walton competed in numerous track and field disciplines, the breaststroke and backstroke in swimming, and singles and doubles in table tennis. She won at least a silver medal in all three areas, finishing the Games with six medals three of which were gold.
Walton's most successful Paralympics was the 1972 Games in Heidelberg. She won two gold and one bronze medal in the athletics events and gold in the table tennis singles. She entered the fencing event rather than the swimming, winning the novice foil individual event. At the 1976 Games in Toronto Watson entered similar events, winning bronze in athletics, table tennis, and fencing. 
For the 1988 Summer Paralympics in Seoul, Walton opted to compete in the wheelchair basketball and fencing events. Great Britain did not progress beyond the preliminaries of the basketball having lost all four matches, but Watson achieved what would be her final medal when she won gold in the épée individual 4-6. This took her total to ten Paralympic gold medals.
Walton retired from international competitions in 1994. She became the manager of Great Britain's Paralympic fencing team in 1996, reprising the role for the Games of 2000 and 2008. For the 2004 Games she was the team administrator for Great Britain.
Awards and accolades.
In 1970 Walton received the Bill McGowran Trophy for Disabled Sports Personality of the Year from the Sports Journalists' Association. She was awarded an OBE in 2010 for her services to disability sport.

</doc>
<doc id="36863364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863364" title="Nicholas St. John">
Nicholas St. John

Nicholas St. John (by 1526 - 8 November 1589), was an English politician.
He was the eldest son of Sir John St John of Lydiard Park, Lydiard Tregoze. He succeeded his father in 1576.
He was a Gentleman pensioner by 1552 to 1560. He sat on the Wiltshire bench as a Justice of the Peace from c.1574 and was appointed High Sheriff of Wiltshire for 1579–80.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Camelford in March 1553, Saltash in 1555, Cricklade in 1563, Great Bedwyn in 1571 and Marlborough in 1572.
He married Elizabeth, the daughter of Sir Richard Blount of Mapledurham, Oxfordshire, with whom he had 3 sons and 5 daughters. He was succeeded by his eldest son, John. His second son, Oliver, was made Lord Deputy of Ireland and Viscount Grandison.

</doc>
<doc id="36863368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863368" title="Itihaas (1987 film)">
Itihaas (1987 film)

Itihaas (translated as ""History"") is a 1987 Hindi film directed by V.Joshi and produced by Tito, starring Raaj Kumar, Shabana Azmi, Rati Agnihotri, Anil Kapoor, Mohnish Bahl, Suresh Oberoi and Danny Dengzongpa.
Synopsis.
Joginder Singh is a dedicated Police Commissioner. He and his wife have two sons, Vijay and Rakesh, and daughter Jyoti. One day Rakesh arrests Kalicharan, henchman of underworld kingpin Alexander. He is disturbed when he learns of Kalicharan's release after his son's appeal. As if this was not enough, Alexander himself is trapped by police and the anger against Singh reaches its climax. Alexander goes free on bail and abducts and molests Jyoti. When Singh is informed by Kalicharan's son about the tragedy, he kills a man at the scene of tragedy thinking him to be responsible.

</doc>
<doc id="36863369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863369" title="Volvo LV66-series">
Volvo LV66-series

The Volvo LV66-70 was a truck produced by Swedish automaker Volvo between 1931 and 1936.
History.
Volvo introduced its first heavy truck in 1931. Unlike its smaller sibling, who used some elements from Volvo’s passenger cars, the LV66-series components were built exclusively for truck use. These included a new overhead valve engine, a heavy duty four-speed gear box, steel rims and four-wheel hydraulic brakes.
The truck was built in two weight classes: the smaller LV68 and LV69 with a payload of 3.25 tonnes and the heavier LV66 and LV67 with a payload of 3.5 tonnes. From 1933 the LV66 and LV67 could be delivered with a trailing axle which increased the payload to 5.25 tonnes. The long wheelbase LV70 was primarily equipped with bus bodies.
From 1933 the LV66-series were sold with a Hesselman engine as an alternative.

</doc>
<doc id="36863370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863370" title="HMS Tempest">
HMS Tempest

HMS "Tempest" was the name of two Royal Navy warships:

</doc>
<doc id="36863375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863375" title="GD Goenka La' Petite, Gurgaon">
GD Goenka La' Petite, Gurgaon

GD Goenka La' Petite, Gurgaon, is a private Montessori preschool run by the G D Goenka group, New Delhi, India. The G D Goenka group, New Delhi, India runs a galaxy of educational institutions from preschools to post-graduate institutes that can be benchmarked against the best in the world. There are six GD Goenka La' Petite centers across Delhi NCR namely - Greater Kailash, Paschim Vihar, Pitam Pura, Ghaziabad, Gurgaon and Model Town.

</doc>
<doc id="36863378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863378" title="Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 48 kg">
Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 48 kg

The women's 48 kg judo competition at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was held on 30 August at ExCeL London.

</doc>
<doc id="36863386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863386" title="2012 AON Open Challenger">
2012 AON Open Challenger

The 2012 AON Open Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the ninth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2012 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Genoa, Italy between 3 and 9 September 2012.
Singles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="36863414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863414" title="Brian Murray (Gaelic footballer)">
Brian Murray (Gaelic footballer)

Brian Murray is an Irish former Gaelic footballer from Ballyshannon. He was a member of Donegal's 1992 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship winning team. He played in midfield and started in midfield in the 1992 All Ireland Final as Donegal won by 0-18 to 0-14 against Dublin. He played his club football for Aodh Ruadh. Murray is now a Detective Garda based at Kilmainham Garda Station in Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="36863418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863418" title="James Dalton (MP for Saltash)">
James Dalton (MP for Saltash)

James Dalton (died 1601), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Saltash in 1563, 1571 and 1572, Lostwithiel in 1584 and 1586, and for Preston 1593. He married Mary Rolle, a daughter of George Rolle(d.1553), MP, of Stevenstone in Devon.

</doc>
<doc id="36863421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863421" title="Volvo Longnose">
Volvo Longnose

The Volvo LV180/190 and 290-series, or the Longnose was a truck produced by Swedish automaker Volvo between 1937 and 1951.
Volvo LV180/190.
The LV180/190-series was presented in the beginning of 1937. The truck shared both front end and engine with the smaller LV90-series while other components were sturdier to cope with heavier loads.
Production ceased in 1943 and the LV180/190-series was replaced by larger versions of the Roundnose.
Volvo LV290.
The "Longnose" LV290 was Volvo’s largest truck so far. With trailing axle the gross weight could reach 13 tonnes. It had a new overhead valve engine, designed by Gotthard Österberg who had come to Volvo when Tidaholm ceased production in 1933. To cover the engine the LV290 had an even longer bonnet than the LV180/190 trucks. During the Second World War many of these trucks had their engines converted to run on wood gas.
From 1947 onwards the LV290 series could be delivered with Volvo’s pre-chamber diesel engine VDB. On these trucks the bonnet had been extended even further to accommodate the large engine. A few trucks were fitted with the larger direct injected VDF engine in 1951 before the Longnose was succeeded by Volvo Titan.

</doc>
<doc id="36863431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863431" title="Sikonge">
Sikonge

Sikonge is a town and ward in Sikonge District, Tabora Region, Tanzania, East Africa. It is the administrative seat of Sikonge District. , the ward had a population of 24,917.
The town of Sikonge falls into two main areas, the mission area and the shops. The Moravian Church (Christians) build their church and their mission adjacent to the town, but the area grew with the addition of schools, a hospital and a nursing college, as well as dwellings. On the shops side is where the Arab traders had their traditional market (bazaar), their warehouses and dwellings. On the shops side there is a government secondary school, a bank, the courts, and a Roman Catholic church. 
Administrative divisions.
The ward of Sikonge is divided into the town of Sikonge and three villages: Mlogolo, Mkolye and Igalula 

</doc>
<doc id="36863435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863435" title="Han Invasion">
Han Invasion

Han Invasion may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36863438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863438" title="Bonda Meedum (Teledrama)">
Bonda Meedum (Teledrama)

Bonda Meedum (Sinhala: බොඳ මීදුම්) is a Sri Lankan television drama based on Bonda Meedum, a popular series of novels created by Sri Lankan writer Sujeewa Prasanna Arachchi. The series debuted on 15 September 2010 and concluded on 2 September 2011. Independent Television Network was the official broadcaster for Bonda Meedum. Becoming a great hit at 8.30pm, the teledrama got a popularity more than as it got as the original novel. Both Udari Warnakulasuriya and Saranga Disasekara were awarded as the most popular actress of the year and the most popular actor of the year respectively at the 16th Sumathi Tele Awards 2011.
Story.
Dhanuka is a handsome boy in his early twenties. He lives in Matale with his parents and sister. Due to their poverty, at the end of his school education he comes to Colombo. His father sends him to Senarath Maliyadde in order to get a job in his company. Senarath Maliyadde who lives in Nugegoda is a rich businessman and also a good friend of Dhanuka's father.
Sansala is a beautiful proud girl in her late teenage. She just has her father and younger brother. She has been proposed by her aunt's son Saliya. She doesn't show any interest in this proposal. She spends her life happily, but sometimes worries about her mother's death.
As discussed early Dhanuka comes to Maliyadde's home travelling hours by bus and facing tough situation on his way. After Dhanuka reached he knocks on the gate by mistakenly not seen the bell. Sansala comes to see who is out there. She starts to question him and blame him. But Dhanuka freezes by seen Sansala and he observes her from toe to head. He falls in love with her from the first sight. As Maliyadde is not at home, no one at home recognises Dhanuka as so and so's son. So they keep him at the gate and unfortunately a heavy rain starts to fall in the evening. Being a stranger to Colombo, Dhanuka is helplessly got wet by the rain. He fails to protect his travelling bag so all his cloths get soaked. Meanwhile Maliyadde comes home on his car and sees Dhanuka. He brings Dhanuka into his home. This is how the story starts.
Repeat Telecast.
Repeat telecast of Bonda Meedum teledrama has been started on 29 August 2012 and now can be watched every weekday at 9.05am on ITN.

</doc>
<doc id="36863443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863443" title="Wiki Loves Monuments">
Wiki Loves Monuments

Wiki Loves Monuments (WLM) is an annual international photographic competition held during the month of September, organised worldwide by the Wikipedia community members with the help of local Wikimedia affiliates across the globe. Participants take pictures of local historical monuments and heritage sites in their region, and upload them to Wikimedia Commons. The aim of event is to highlight the heritage sites of the participating countries with the goal to encourage people to capture pictures of these monuments, and to put them under a free licence which can then be re-used not only in Wikipedia but everywhere by everyone.
The first Wiki Loves Monuments competition was held in 2010 in the Netherlands as pilot project. The next year it spread to other countries in Europe and according to the Guinness Book of Records, the 2011 edition of the Wiki Loves Monuments broke the world record for the largest photography competition. In 2012, the competition was extended beyond Europe, with a total of 35 participating countries. During Wiki Loves Monuments 2012, more than 350,000 photographs of historic monuments were uploaded by more than 15,000 participants. In 2013, the Wiki Loves Monuments competition was held across six continents including Antarctica and had official participation from more than fifty countries around the world.
History.
WLM is the successor to Wiki Loves Art which was held in the Netherlands in 2009. The original WLM contest for "Rijksmonuments" (Dutch for "national monuments") encouraged photographers to seek out Dutch National Heritage Sites. The Rijkmonuments include architecture and objects of general interest recognized for their beauty, scientific, and/or cultural importance. Such locations as the Drenthe archeological sites, the Noordeinde Royal Palace in The Hague, and the houses along the canals of Amsterdam were part of the more than 12,500 photographs submitted during the first event.
This success generated interest in other European countries, and through a collaboration with the European Heritage Days, 18 states with the help of local Wikimedia chapters participated in the 2011 competition, uploading nearly 170,000 images by its conclusion. The Guinness Book of Records recognizes the 2011 edition of Wiki Loves Monuments as the largest photography competition in the world with 168,208 pictures uploaded to Wikimedia Commons by more than 5,000 participants. In total, some 171,000 photographs were contributed from 18 participants countries of Europe. Germany, France and Spain contributed highest number of photographs. Photo from Romania won the first international prize, whereas Estonia secured second and Germany third position in WLM 2011. 
In 2012, the Wiki Loves Monuments competition had official participation of more than thirty countries and regions around the world: Andorra with Catalonia, Argentina, Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Canada, Chile, Colombia, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, France, Germany, Ghana, India, Israel, Italy, Kenya, Luxembourg, Mexico, the Netherlands, Norway, Panama, the Philippines, Poland, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Slovakia, Spain, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland, Ukraine, and the United States. In total 363,000 photos were contributed from 35 participants countries. Germany, Spain and Poland contributed highest number of photographs. A picture of Tomb of Safdarjung from Delhi, India, won the contest which saw more than 350,000 contributions. Spain secured second and Philippines third position in 2012 edition of annual WLM photo contest. 
In 2013, the Wiki Loves Monuments competition had official participation of more than fifty countries from all six continents including Antarctica. Among the new participant nations were Algeria, Chine, Azerbaijan, Honk Kong, Jordan, Venezuela, Thailand, Taiwan, Nepal, Tunisia, Egypt, the United Kingdom, war-torned Syria and many others. In total, some 370,000 photos were contributed from more than 52 participants countries. Germany, Ukraine and Poland contributed highest number of photographs. Switzerland won the first international prize, whereas Taiwan secured second and Hungary third position in 2013 edition of WLM. 
Contest rules.
The basic rules for participation in Wiki Loves Monuments are quite simple for both the organizing country committees and the photographers. The participating country committees need to submit their list of monuments in such a way using unique identifiers that they can be tracked by the competition, and the participating photographers must upload their photos with unique identifiers in the time period 1 September to 30 September. Participants must upload their photos directly to , which means that if they did not yet have one, they must first create a user account because anonymous submissions cannot win prizes. The images uploaded may have been taken at any time, but in order to be counted for the contest, they must be newly uploaded to Commons in September, and must be freely licensed under CC-BY-SA 3.0 (or other compatible licenses such as CC-by or CC-0).
Lists.
To be part of the competition, images need to be considered "encyclopedic", so they must be of monuments or places listed with the local government. This is taken care of by the submission lists per country. Photographers must upload images accompanied by an official identifier and the geographic coordinates, though they are generally not even aware they are doing this when they upload through their Wiki Loves Monuments website, or through the mobile phone app that attaches this information for them. The government listings which include this information are refined throughout the year and adjusted as monument information changes. The current selection of participating countries are simply those countries where volunteers have taken the time to create such submission lists. There are however, also some countries in which legal restrictions prevent making such lists available or in which photographs of heritage may not be eligible for Wikipedia. The legislation on cultural heritage varies widely per jurisdiction.
Unique identifiers.
To help participants to find monuments in their location and connect them with their unique identifiers, the submission lists are linked from user-friendly Wiki Loves Monuments websites. The Wikimedia Foundation has developed a dedicated Android smartphone app, and MairDumont created an iPhone app for Wiki Loves Monuments.
The logic of the WLM websites and these apps is to simplify the process of attaching the unique identifier to the photograph. Most participants are first-time contributors of Wikipedia and Wikimedia Commons and are unable to do this by themselves. The unique identifier and other submission list information gets attached to the participant's photograph at the time of upload using "Wikipedia templates". For example, the unique identifier for "Smedestraat 33, Haarlem" is 19695 and can be found through the Dutch WLM website in a submission list row like this one in the Dutch Wikipedia:
This example already has a photograph in the list uploaded during a WLM competition, but if it didn't, then the lack of a suitable image should cause a "WLM easy upload link" to appear in the list as a placeholder, which looks like this:
Clicking this easy upload link should take the user to the special "WLM campaign" upload page on Commons that accepts as url arguments the submission list information. This "WLM campaign" upload page is always available for heritage fans, but the photographs only count towards the competition if this is used during the competition.
Spin-offs.
Several spin-offs based on Wiki Loves Monuments are organised within the Wikimedia movement locally and internationally. They generally follow the basics of Wiki Loves Monuments and mostly differentiate in their scope and changes in some of the rules.

</doc>
<doc id="36863462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863462" title="Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's sprint">
Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's sprint

The Men's sprint event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics took place on September 10 at the Laoshan Velodrome. The event was competed by blind & visually impaired athletes.
Qualification times were set in a 200m flying start (6.5 laps). Races were 6 laps.
Qualification.
PR = Paralympic Record
As there were only 8 entrants, all qualified for the semi-finals. The qualification was necessary to set up the pairings (1st vs 8th, 2nd vs 7th, etc.), which in turn affected participation in the 5th-6th or 7th-8th race-offs.
Quarter-finals.
Match 1
Match 2
Match 3
Match 4
The winners of each heat qualified to Semifinals. Losers of 1st and 2nd heats raced off for 7th and 8th places, losers of heats 3 and 4 for 5th and 6th places.
Semi-finals.
Match 1
Match 2
Finals.
Gold Medal Match
Bronze Medal Match
5-8 Place Matches

</doc>
<doc id="36863463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863463" title="Volvo Viking">
Volvo Viking

The Volvo Viking was a truck produced by Swedish automaker Volvo between 1953 and 1973.
Volvo introduced the L385 Viking in 1953. The truck had a payload capacity of up to 8 tonnes for the heaviest trailing axle versions. The Viking truck was very similar to the larger Titan model. For the first model years the Viking used the VDC motor from its predecessor L245, but it was soon replaced by the updated D67 engine.
1959 saw the introduction of the refined L485 Viking, including a stronger chassis. From 1961, the truck was available with a turbodiesel. In 1964 Volvo introduced the forward control L4851 Viking Tiptop with a tilting cab.
Volvo N86.
When Volvo introduced its "System 8" in 1965 the truck's name was changed to N86. Beneath the Viking cab Volvo conducted extensive changes including a new engine, a fully synchronized eight-speed gear box and a general updating of most components.

</doc>
<doc id="36863464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863464" title="Wandesford House">
Wandesford House

Wandesford House is an eighteenth-century almshouse in the centre of York, one of twelve still-functioning almshouses in the city, and the oldest still in its original building. Built in 1739 and opened in 1743, the house is an important example of the classical style in the city. Like many historic almshouses, it was referred to as a hospital before that term became chiefly associated with medical establishments.
The almshouse lies a few yards outside the city walls on the north-west side of Bootham behind its front garden and between houses of later date. Inside are twelve flats intended for single Christian women, who are in hardship, need or distress, and over 50 years of age.
Wandesford House is listed by English Heritage as a Grade II* building and is owned and run by Mary Wandesford's Charity (the Wandesford Trust; charity reg. 251379). The archives of the Charity are held at the Borthwick Institute for Archives, University of York.
Foundation of the hospital.
Wandesford Hospital was founded under the terms of Mary Wandesford's will. She bequeathed an estate at Brompton-on-Swale valued at £1,200, together with another £1,200 in South Sea Stock in trust "for the use of ten poor gentlewomen who were never married and who shall be of the religion which is taught and practised in the Church of England as by law established, who shall retire from the hurry and noise of the world into a religious house of protestant retirement which shall be provided for them and they shall be obliged to continue there for life…”.
The wording of this appears to have suggested to the Wandesford family that she intended it as a kind of nunnery for young women, which at that period may have seemed an undesirable aim. In any case, her heirs took the will to the Court of Chancery for a ruling. The Court upheld the will in 1739, but decreed that the age at entry to the hospital should be 50 years, to ensure that it would be a refuge for elderly spinsters, and not a house of retirement for young women. The house was completed in 1743 and opened to its first ten women beneficiaries, who were paid the stipend that made the establishment an alms house. Because so many almshouses were for widows, one slightly unfortunate result was that it became known as the Old Maids' Hospital or, sometimes, the Protestant Old Maids' Hospital. A farm near Brompton-on-Swale, formerly part of the endowment, is still known as Old Maids Farm. Since 1975, some of the restrictions on entry to the almshouse have been lifted, so that the title Old Maids' Hospital is no longer appropriate (and is never used). The house now accepts single women of any Christian faith and any former marital status and is simply known as Wandesford House.
Architecture.
Following the Court of Chancery decree upholding Mary's will, a parcel of land in Bootham, York, was acquired from William Wilberforce of Hull (1690–1776), grandfather of the anti-slave trade campaigner William Wilberforce, and building began. Wandesford Hospital was designed by Colonel James Moyser, a gentleman architect and an associate of Richard Boyle, 3rd Earl of Burlington. There are two other almshouses by James Moyser, both in Beverley: Ann Routh's Hospital and Tymperon House, which share several of the architectural features of Wandesford House, notably the giant arches and window style. Ann Routh's also has the same projecting pediment, which contains a cartouche.
The builders of Wandesford Hospital included a carpenter, John Terry, and bricklayers Robert Kibblewhite, Thomas Dunn and Richard Nestrop. John Terry is listed as working on the State Room in the Mansion House, York, in 1725, and a Richard Nelthorpe is listed as a plasterer there. The similarity of name suggests he may be the same person as Richard Nestrop.
The house is of two storeys, built in red brick with a tiled roof. The valley in the centre of the pitched roofs was covered over with a flat roof in 1967. The south-facing façade of the house is of seven bays under giant arches and with a deep plinth. A projecting central pediment contains a portrait bust of Mary Wandesford. The plain brick central door frame was given a timber doorcase in 1967, with a broken pediment above containing the coat of arms of Mary Wandesford in a lozenge. The rear elevation is simpler and lacks the arched recesses and the elaborate cornice of the front. An original rainwater head remains, bearing the date 1739. There are gardens at the front and the rear, and originally also an orchard. Bootham School, whose grounds lie behind the house, bought the orchard in 1957 for use as tennis courts. The interior ground floor has a central corridor off the entrance hall, and a staircase at each end of the house leading to an upper corridor. The ground floor was originally flagged throughout, but most of the flagstones were removed, probably in the nineteenth century, and wooden flooring was installed along with some internal staircases. Until the 1960s each dwelling consisted of a ground-floor sitting room, with a small range for heating and cooking, and a first-floor bedroom. There were no washing or toilet facilities inside until sometime in the nineteenth or twentieth century when the residents were able to share two indoor WCs and one bath. The house was remodelled in 1967–1968 to create twelve self-contained flats, each with its own kitchen and bathroom. Four are maisonettes and retain the 19th-century internal staircase leading to the bedroom. From the beginning there was a chapel where a chaplain held a service every Wednesday and Friday. The present chaplain takes communion once a month.
Mary Wandesford 1655–1725.
Mary Wandesford's grandfather, Sir Christopher Wandesford (1592–1640) of Kirklington, Yorkshire, was an MP who later became Lord Deputy of Ireland. He acquired an estate at Castlecomer in County Kilkenny where he built a castle. His grandson, Mary's brother Christopher, was created an Irish peer in 1707 as Viscount Castlecomer. The family's wealth derived in part from coal mines in that area. The fifth Viscount, born the year Mary died, was made Earl Wandesford in 1758, but the title became extinct in 1784.
Mary was one of five children, the eldest daughter of Sir Christopher Wandesford and his wife Eleanor Lowther. She was baptised in the church at Kirklington on 23 June 1655. There is a portrait of her as a young woman inside Wandesford House, as well as the stone bust on the front of the house. She never married and when she died in 1725 she was buried at Kirklington. A codicil to her will of 4 November 1725 states "I appoint that £5 be given into the hands of some that goes along with my corps to the burying place, to be distributed to the poor people in the road as they pass along, or put into the hands of the minister or churchwardens to distribute as needful. I desire that there may be no state nor trouble in my funeral, but 6 of the poorest unmarried women in Kirklington may have white vales [veils from head to foot prepared for them and white gloves, and carry my corps into the church at what place I happen to be buried in. Let the white vales be such cloth as will do them service hereafter." (Reg. test. Ebor. LXXIX, iii, 1).

</doc>
<doc id="36863472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863472" title="Ragnar Hvidsten">
Ragnar Hvidsten

Ragnar Hvidsten (born 3 December 1926) is a Norwegian former footballer. He played as an inside forward for Sandefjord and Skeid in Hovedserien, and was capped 21 times for the Norwegian national team, scoring two goals.
Career.
Hvidsten was born in Sandar and started his career for the local club Runar where he played 171 matches. He joined Sandefjord BK ahead of the 1949–50 season where he played 26 matches and scored three goals for the team in Hovedserien before he joined Skeid in the middle of the 1951–52 season. Hvidtsten scored eight goals in 20 matches for Skeid, before he returned to Sandefjord BK after one and a half season. Hvidsten played 69 matches and scored seven goals for Sandefjord BK until he retired in 1959. However, Hvidsten had a spell at the English amateur club Hendon in 1955, and played for the team in the 1955 FA Amateur Cup final, and became the first Norwegian to do so. Hvidsten later also played in the Norwegian Football Cup final, when Sandefjord BK was beaten 4–0 against Fredrikstad in 1957.
International career.
Hvidsten made his national team debut for Norway in a friendly match against Yugoslavia on 5 November 1950. He scored his first goal for Norway against Ireland on 30 May 1951, which was his fourth international match. In July the same year against Iceland, Hvidsten scored his second and last international goal. Together with his teammate in Sandefjord BK, Thorbjørn Svenssen, Hvidsten was selected for the Norwegian squad who competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Finland. He earned his last cap in a Nordic championship against Sweden in September 1955. In total, Hvidsten was capped 21 times for Norway, while FIFA only recognize 19 of those as full international matches.

</doc>
<doc id="36863490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863490" title="Eitel Brothers">
Eitel Brothers

The four Brothers Emil, Karl, Robert and Max Eitel, originating from Stuttgart in Germany, operated since 1894 in Chicago as hoteliers und restaurateurs the luxury hotel Bismarck Hotel and some big restaurants such as the Marigold Gardens and the Old Heidelberg Inn. Another brother, the architect Albert Eitel remained in Stuttgart.
Origin.
The parents of the Eitel brothers were the Stuttgart citizens "Emil Eitel" (1840–1938) and "Charlotte Eitel nee Trost" (1842–1917).
The father was the son of a baker and grandson of a tanner and worked his way up from a leather worker to a leather merchant (1867–1868) and finally to a leather goods manufacturer (1868–1890). The production of leather goods turned out to be very profitable and Emil Eitel became a wealthy man. He was owner of some villas and two big business houses in central downtown locations. He spent the last 48 years of his life as an independent gentleman and dealt with real estates. He died at the high age of almost 98 years and was buried together with his wife in Stuttgart on the Pragfriedhof cemetery.
The mother of the brothers originated from a vine dresser family in Stuttgart. She gave birth to 11 children. Three of them died before their first birthday.
Two sisters survived and the six brothers Emil, Karl, Robert, Max and Otto Eitel as well as the architect Albert Eitel, who as the only one of the brothers did not emigrate.
The table shows the sons and daughters of Emil and Charlotte Eitel, without the three children, who did not survive their first birthday.
Emigration.
In 1890 Emil Eitel emigrated as the first of the Eitel brothers to the United States and settled in Chicago, which was then a center of German immigration and counted half a million ethnic German population. The network and infrastructure of the German community facilitated Emil’s beginnings. The German-born Chicagoans secured the customer base to the trading activities of the brothers and their restaurants, and a large part of their hotel customers recruited from ethnic German travelers.
After Emil Eitel had made a start, he was followed by four of his brothers to Chicago: Charles in 1891, Robert in 1898, Max in 1901 and Otto in 1912. After his immigration, Otto Eitel (October 5, 1884 Stuttgart – May 5, 1972 Chicago), which is not covered here, took over the responsibility for the hotel and garden facilities of the Bismarck Hotel. He later moved to California and made himself a name as a landscape gardener. Albert Eitel remained in Stuttgart, but was at least in 1896, 1910 and 1924 in Chicago as a visitor:
The brothers Emil and Karl founded in Chicago the Bismarck Hotel and the Bismarck Gardens. Robert and Max Eitel operated several large restaurants, including the Old Heidelberg Inn and some fair restaurants. The Eitels were not only very successful business people, but built to be American citizens, however, they also kept up the traditions of their native Germany. They were patrons of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra and Art Institute of Chicago and members of business associations and ethnically mixed and German clubs. In the wake of the World Wars Emil and Karl Eitel participated in relief efforts of the Red Cross for their German homeland.
Emil Eitel.
Main sources: #NCAB 1967, pages 510-511; #Leonard 1905–1917; #Sonntagspost 1929.1; #Amtsblatt 1953.1.
Emil Eitel (February 27, 1865 Stuttgart – July 18, 1948 Chicago) was a German hotel and restaurant contractor in Chicago. He was born as the first child of his parents, Emil and Charlotte Eitel, attended the trade school in Stuttgart, served in the Army as a one-year volunteer and worked since1885 in his father's factory in the production of photo albums.
Business life.
In 1890, Emil Eitel moved to the United States and settled in Chicago. He first worked as a clerk for the Chicagoan "Bond's Commercial Agency". In 1891, as his brother Charles also came to Chicago, he founded together with him under the name "Eitel Brothers" a wholesale and import business for wine and spirits. During the World's Columbian Exposition in 1893, the first Chicagoan World's Fair, they operated their first hotel in the vicinity of the exhibition grounds. The success prompted them to permanently turn to the hotel business. They took over the hotel "Germania" and renamed it "Bismarck Hotel". In 1894, they founded the company "Bismarck Hotel Co.". Emil Eitel presided as President and Chief Financial Officer until his death in 1948. Besides the hotel, the two brothers operated from 1895 to 1923 the Bismarck Gardens (later Marigold Gardens), an elegant large beer garden. – On the history of the hotel and restaurant projects of the two brothers see Bismarck Hotel Co.
Private life.
In 1894, Emil Eitel married "Emma Caroline Boldenweck" (1868–1943), whom he had met in Stuttgart. His younger brother Karl joined in his first marriage Emma's younger sister "Marie Louise Boldenweck". Emma and Emil Eitel had two children who died in infancy or childhood. Emil Eitel died on July 18, 1948 at the age of 83 years and was buried on the Graceland Cemetery in the family tomb of his father-in-law "Louis Henry Boldenweck".
Karl Eitel.
Main sources: #NCAB 1967, page 511; #Leonard 1905–1917; #Sonntagspost 1929.2; #Amtsblatt 1953.1.
Karl Friedrich (Frederick) Eitel (January 17, 1871 Stuttgart – March 19, 1954 Santa Barbara, California) was a German hotel and restaurant contractor in Chicago. He was born as the fifth child of his parents Emil and Charlotte Eitel. After attending the high school in Stuttgart, he studied at the Königlich Württembergisches Technikum für Textilindustrie (royal school of textile engineering of Württemberg) in Reutlingen.
Business life.
In 1891, Karl Eitel emigrated to his brother Emil in Chicago and teamed up with his business (see above Emil Eitel, Business life). After the founding of the company "Bismarck Hotel Co.", he assumed the office of the Vice President and Secretary and after the death of Emil Eitel in 1948, the office of President. A year later, he retired from active business, but remained joined to the company until his death in 1954 as honorary chairman. (On the history of the hotel and restaurant projects of the two brothers see Bismarck Hotel Co.)
Private life.
In 1896, Karl Eitel married his first wife "Marieluise Boldenweck" (1875–1913), a younger sister of his sister-in-law Emma (see Emil Eitel). The marriage produced four children, among them Otto K. Eitel, who later became president of the Bismarck Hotel. In 1915, Karl Eitel joined in his second marriage "Ann Schmidt" (1884-1919), the daughter of a factory owner from Brussels, which gave birth to a daughter. In his third marriage he joined "Suzanne Schmidt" (1888–1968), the sister of his second wife. From this connection he had three children.
Karl Eitel took many years an active part in social and political life in Chicago. He died on March 9, 1954 in Santa Barbara at the age of 83 years and was buried at the Santa Barbara Cemetery.
Max Eitel.
Main sources: #NCAB 1967, pages 518-519; #Amtsblatt 1953.1.
Max Eitel (September 29, 1882 Stuttgart – June 5, Chicago) was a German restaurant contractor in Chicago. He was born as the tenth child of his parents Emil and Charlotte Eitel.
Business life.
In 1901, Max Eitel emigrated to his brothers Emil, Karl and Robert in Chicago. Here he went into the accounting department of the company Bismarck Hotel Co., which belonged to his brothers Emil and Karl. Subsequent visits to England, France and Holland, he devoted to the study of the hotel and restaurant system in these countries. In 1904, he took a position in the newly built luxury Hotel Astor on Times Square in New York, which was founded in the same year by the German emigrants "William C. Muschenheim" (1855–1918) and "Frederick A. Muschenheim". There he volunteered for two consecutive years in various departments of the hotel. In 1906, he took over responsibility for the import business of his brothers, and soon thereafter the management of the large beer garden Marigold Gardens, which also belonged to his brothers.
Following the closure of the beer garden due to the drastic slump in sales by Prohibition he founded in 1923 together with his brother Robert Eitel, the restaurant company Eitel Incorporated, with Robert as President and himself as Vice President, Secretary and Treasurer. When Robert died in 1948, Max took over the presidency, which he held until his death.
The Eitel Incorporated company included the following restaurants:
See Eitel Incorporated for descriptions and illustrations of the permanent restaurants belonging to Eitel Incorporated.
Private life.
In 1911, Max Eitel married as his first wife the widow "Marie Heine nee Bush" (?–1934), the daughter of a German manufacturer, who bore him two children. In 1935, he joined in his second marriage the widow "Ella Gleich nee Harder", the daughter of a German real estate agent. They had no children. Max Eitel died on June 5, 1954 in Chicago.
Robert Eitel.
Main sources: #NCAB 1967, pages 518-519; #Amtsblatt 1953.1.
Robert Eitel (June 16, 1877 Stuttgart – 1948) was a German restaurant contractor in Chicago. He was born as the eighth child of his parents Emil and Charlotte Eitel.
In 1898, Robert emigrated to his brothers Emil and Karl in Chigaco. In the 1920s, he was director of the Bismarck Hotel. In 1923, he founded together with his brother Max Eitel the restaurant company Eitel Incorporated and became its president. – On the history of the restaurant projects of the two brothers see Max Eitel, Business life.
Bismarck Hotel Co..
Bismarck Hotel (1894–1956).
Following the successful operation of their restaurant on the 1893 World's Fair, Emil and Karl Eitel bought an existing hotel, rebuilt it to according to their ideas, and called it Bismarck Hotel. This hotel has been replaced in 1926 by the construction of a large luxury hotel under the same name. Here the most important stages in the history of the Bismarck Hotel:
Fair hotel (1893).
Chicago, Cottage Grove Avenue / Sixty-Third Street, .
Due to the strong demand of its German and Austrian suppliers for accommodation for the first Chicago World's Fair 1893 (World's Columbian Exposition), the Eitel brothers rented an apartment house near the fairgrounds and converted it to a hotel with 150 beds.
Old Bismarck Hotel (1894–1924).
Chicago, Randolph Street / Wells Street, .
After the huge success of their fair hotel the brothers decided to set up a permanent hotel. They purchased the four-story "Germania Hotel" with 50 beds in Chicago's Loop district, at Chicago's formerly Broadway in Randolph Street and close to the financial district. Within one year they increased the bed capacity through the purchase of adjacent buildings to 100 beds. With the permission of the German Chancellor Otto von Bismarck they were allowed to call the hotel "Bismarck Hotel". Due to the anti-German sentiment during the First World War the hotel was renamed temporarily to "Randolph Hotel".
New Bismarck Hotel (1926–1956).
Chicago, Randolph Street / LaSalle Street / West Court Place / Wells Street, .
In 1922, the Eitels realigned their property to the so-called Eitel Block, which covered the northern part of the block between Randolph and Washington Street and Wells and LaSalle Street. In 1924, they razed the buildings in the Eitel Block and built a skyscraper on the free terrain in 1925 and 1926. It consisted of thr 22-story "Metropolitan Office Building" and the 19-story hotel wing which hosted the "Hotel Bismarck" with its 600 beds and the "Palace Theater", a theater with 2500 seats. 
In 1956, Otto K. Eitel sold the hotel to the hotel and sports entrepreneur Arthur Wirtz. After a period of slow decline, the hotel was closed in 1996, and reopened in 1998 by the Kimpton group under the name "Hotel Allegro".
Marigold Gardens (1895–1923).
Chicago, 3760 North Halsted Street, .
In 1895, Emil and Karl Eitel bought the popular beer garden "DeBerg's Grove" in the north of Chicago, built it to an elegant large beer garden and called it "Bismarck Gardens" in line with their hotel's name. The gardens offered German beer garden atmosphere, daily outdoor music shows and the largest outdoor wooden dance floor in Chicago. In a large concert hall, the "Marigold Room", also in winte were daily music shows presented.
The famous venue was the epitome of a Chicago beer garden and the first address in Chicagoan nightclubs. Reportedly, President William Howard Taft described the Marigold Gardens even as a "national institution". Because of anti-German sentiment, the Bismarck Gardens were renamed during the First World War in Marigold Gardens. In 1923, the brothers sold the Marigold Gardens, due to drastic drop in sales after the introduction of Prohibition in 1919.
Eitel Incorporated.
Chicago and North Western Railway Station Restaurants (1923–1943).
Chicago, Clinton Street / Canal Street / Madison Street / Randolph Street, .
From 1923 to 1943 Robert and Max Eitel operated five station restaurants with attached bakery and laundry facilities in the Chicago and North Western Railway station. The laundry performed also as a service provider for the sleeping car Pullman Company
Old Heidelberg Inn (since 1894).
Chicago, 14 West Randolph Street, .
After the end of the first Chicagoan World's Fair, Max and Robert Eitel installed in Chicago, 14 West Randolph Street, a permanent restaurant, which they named "Old Heidelberg Inn" after their fair restaurant. It had a striking old German facade and was set up inside like a Bavarian beer cellar. The restaurant housed at the ground floor the Grand Dining Room "Old Heidelberg" with a stage for the orchestra, the "Rathskeller" in the basement, the "Rialto Room", a bakery and a ballroom.
Eitel Field Building Restaurant (since 1935).
Chicago, 130 South Clark Street, .
In 1935, the two brothers opened the "Eitel Field Building Restaurant" in the new built Field Building in 130 South Clark Street, a few blocks south of Randolph Street.
Bibliography.
Basics: #NCAB 1967; #Ashley 1947; #Navarro 2010.1.

</doc>
<doc id="36863494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863494" title="Charlie Boy">
Charlie Boy

Charlie Boy (March 4, 1955 – 1968) was a beloved Thoroughbred race horse in New England during the 1960s. While racing in the winter of 1959-60, Charlie Boy won the Black Gold Handicap, Christmas Handicap and Pelleteri Handicap at the Fair Grounds in New Orleans to be deemed the best sprinter on the grounds.
His biggest win in New England was the 1961 John Alden Handicap at Suffolk Downs which he won by a length in 1:10 1/5 with jockey Phil Grimm up.
Charlie Boy won 58 times (mostly) for owner and trainer William W. Carroll, one of the highest totals in racing history, and a number of them were at Narragansett Park.
On February 6, 1968, after suffering a catastrophic injury in training, the fan favorite was put down. The next day, Charlie Boy was buried in the Narragansett Park infield. There was a ceremony which included the playing of "Taps".

</doc>
<doc id="36863500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863500" title="Louise Morey Bowman">
Louise Morey Bowman

Louise Morey Bowman (1882 - 1944) was a Canadian poet.
Life.
Bowman was born in 1882 in Sherbrooke, Quebec. She was educated by private tutors, then at Dana Hall, Mass., and by extensive travel in Europe. Married in 1909 to Archibald Bowman she lived in Toronto until 1919, when she moved to Montreal where she resided until her death in 1944.
Writing career.
Bowman's first published poem, "North Room", appeared in "Outlook" in May 1913 and she had quite an extensive magazine publication. Her work appeared in "Poetry", "Outlook", "Independent", "Dalhousie Review", "Queen's Quarterly", and "Canadian Magazine". She also published three books: "Moonlight and Common Day" "Dream Tapestries", which won a David Award from the Quebec Government and "Characters in Cadence". Her work drew some critical attention at its time of publication. Logan and French, in "Highways of Canadian Literature", included her among the poets "Second Renaissance Period" of Canadian poetry, although their reasons for praising her were not inspired by an admiration for her Imagism. They claim "Louise Morey Bowman shows an airy fancy which is almost so ethereal as to be altogether abstract and unearthly." Ironically, this observation points toward one of the major weaknesses of her poetry. It often is, as Desmond Pacey described it, “deficient in substance and strength.
Barry Callaghan has claimed that W.E. Ross was "the first modern poet in Canada”. He bases this claim upon the assumption that Ross introduced Imagism into Canadian poetry. But Ross was not the first Canadian to write in the Imagist manner (though he was probably the first to dedicate himself totally to it). Four years before his first published poem appeared in "Dial" in 1928, Bowman had published "Dream Tapestries", a book which contained several poems that were clearly Imagist in technique. Her earlier book, "Moonlight and Common Day" had also reflected a definite imagist influence.
Books of Poetry.
"Moonlight and Common Day" exhibits the influence of nineteenth century writers such as Wordsworth, Poe, and Swinburne, as well as hints of influence from modern poets. Some of the poems are openly didactic, some are “modernist” but not Imagist, and others show Imagist tendencies. She seems caught between the style of the old acknowledged masters and the methods of modernist poetry.
"Dream Tapestries" has the same unevenness of style and attitude which characterized "Moonlight and Common Day". In a few poems, however, Bowman does succeed in writing in the Imagist vein. The book is divided into several sections and one section, entitled "Cinquains, "contains five Imagist pieces. These poems are especially interesting because they show the coming together of the Canadian setting with the Imagist style. Another interesting, though less successful, piece in the "Cinquains" group is "Twelve Hokku on a Canadian Theme." Modelled upon Wallace Stevens' "Thirteen ways of looking at a blackbird," it deals with twelve aspects of Canadian life both past and present and urban and rural. Most of these hokku are quite flat but in one or two she manages to make the images work.
Bowman's last, and poorest, volume is "Characters in Cadence" and it appeared in 1938, six years before her death. On the whole, it marks a return to the uneven style and derivativeness of her first book. There is, however, one very short Imagist gem. It is the second of a series of poems called "Portraits of Five Sinners":
These two lines exemplify the power of the image to evoke the deepest of insights with the least amount of verbiage. The reader is left with the feeling that a narrowness lies within the "her" of the poem. This narrowness is her "sin." Her soul cannot accommodate the "lilting daffodils" of feeling which life has to offer.
Conclusion.
Imagism could have given Bowman a method to set her self free from the past, but she was unable to break away from the grip of the Romanticism which dominated the Canadian literary scene. Consequently, her poems are a confusing mixture of the old and new. Thus her work, when considered as a whole, is of too low a quality to make her a major poet. But she is an interesting representative figure nonetheless whose career can serve to symbolize the slow and painful struggle which Canadian poetry underwent in its transition from Victorian to modern styles.

</doc>
<doc id="36863501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863501" title="Volvo Titan">
Volvo Titan

The Volvo Titan was a heavy duty truck produced by Swedish automaker Volvo between 1951 and 1973.
In the autumn of 1951 Volvo introduced its largest truck L395 Titan, with a payload capacity of up to 10 tonnes. The large VDF engine was replaced in 1953 with the further developed D96 engine. The following year, the Titan became the first Volvo truck to be offered with a turbodiesel. In 1956 the truck was equipped with air brakes.
1959 saw the introduction of the refined L495 Titan. In 1964 Volvo introduced the forward control L4951 Titan Tiptop with a tilting cab.
Volvo N88.
In 1965 Volvo introduced its "System 8". As part of the changes Volvo presented a successor to the Titan, called N88. The new truck retained the Titan's cab, but underneath it the conventional N88 sported all the news from the forward control F88. These included a new engine, a fully synchronized eight-speed gear box and improved chassis and suspension.

</doc>
<doc id="36863502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863502" title="Barry McGowan">
Barry McGowan

Barry McGowan is an Irish former Gaelic footballer from Killybegs. A former member of the Donegal senior football team, he played his club football for Na Cealla Beaga. He also works for the ESB.
Inter-county.
McGowan won the 1987 All-Ireland Under 21 Football Championship with Donegal.
He was a member of Donegal's 1992 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship winning team. Deployed as a defender, he started at right corner back in the 1992 All Ireland Final as Donegal won by 0-18 to 0-14 against Dublin.
His last Championship game for Donegal was the 1998 Ulster Senior Football Championship final loss to Derry.
Former Derry player Joe Brolly holds McGowan in high regard.
Club.
At club level McGowan played for Na Cealla Beaga.

</doc>
<doc id="36863521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863521" title="Kepler-47">
Kepler-47

Kepler-47 is a binary star system with at least three planets in orbit around the pair of stars located about 5,000 light-years away from Earth. The two planets are designated Kepler-47b, and Kepler-47c. Kepler-47 is the first circumbinary multi-planet system discovered by the Kepler mission. The outermost of the planets is a gas giant orbiting within the habitable zone of the stars. Because most stars are binary, the discovery that multi-planet systems can form in such a system impacts theories of planetary formation.
A group of scientists from NASA and Tel-Aviv University in Israel discovered the system via NASA's Kepler space observatory in 2012. In November 2013, confirmation of a third planet was announced.
Kepler-47b.
Kepler-47b is a gas giant and resides close to its parent stars and therefore is inhospitable to life. It is thought to be larger than Kepler-47c and is roughly three times the radius of Earth. At present it is unknown if this planet has any moons.
Kepler-47c.
This planet is situated within the habitable zone and its radius is 4 times the Earth's. Although it is assumed Kepler-47c is not capable of harbouring life. Kepler-47c is marginally larger than Neptune and could possibly have a dense atmosphere.

</doc>
<doc id="36863537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863537" title="William Page (MP)">
William Page (MP)

William Page (died after 1584), was an English politician.
In the 1550s he was a servant in Venice to Peter Vannes. Returning to England, he became secretary to Francis Russell, 2nd Earl of Bedford, and entered parliament as Bedford's placeman. He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Bridport in 1559, Oxford 1563, Saltash in 1571 and 1572, .
Page became involved in the case of John Stubbs and his pamphlet "A Gaping Gulf". Intent on distributing copies through Sir Richard Grenville, Page was tried with Stubbs and the publisher Hugh Singleton. Avoiding execution, Page like Stubbs had his hand cut off.

</doc>
<doc id="36863552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863552" title="Banca di Credito Sardo">
Banca di Credito Sardo

The Banca di Credito Sardo SpA is an Italian bank headquartered in Cagliari, Sardinia. It was established in 2009 after the fusion with the Banca CIS (acronym of "Credito Industriale Sardo") and the financial group Intesa Sanpaolo.
The Bank has 1,200 employees, 116 bank offices and 240,000 clients.
The head office building, located in Cagliari, was designed by the Italian architect Renzo Piano.

</doc>
<doc id="36863555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863555" title="Noel Hegarty">
Noel Hegarty

Noel Hegarty is an Irish former Gaelic footballer from Glencolmcille. He was a member of Donegal's 1992 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship winning team. He played as a defender and started at left corner back in the 1992 All Ireland Final as Donegal won by 0-18 to 0-14 against Dublin. At club level he played for Naomh Columba winning 1 Senior Championship title in 1990. 

</doc>
<doc id="36863558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863558" title="Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 52 kg">
Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 52 kg

The women's 52 kg judo competition at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was held on 30 August at ExCeL London.

</doc>
<doc id="36863562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863562" title="Cuthberht of Mercia">
Cuthberht of Mercia

Cuthberht of Mercia was a descendant of one of Penda's brothers and the father of Coenwulf and Ceolwulf who both ruled as Kings of Mercia, and Cuðred who was King of Kent. Nothing is known of the life of Cuthberht such as when he was born and died.

</doc>
<doc id="36863588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863588" title="Franz Löschnak">
Franz Löschnak

Franz Löschnak (born March 4, 1940 in Vienna) is an Austrian jurist and politician for the Austrian Socialist Party. From 1987 to 1989 he was Secretary of Health in the federal government and from 1989 to 1995 he was head of the Federal Ministry for the Interior (Austria).
Life and Work.
After graduating from high school in 1958, Loeschnak went to Law School at the University of Vienna. There he obtained the title of LLD.
From 1959 to 1977, he worked for the City of Vienna. In 1989 Loeschnak became the vice party chairman of the Austrian Socialist Party. For this party, he was also a Member of Parliament.
Austrian Holocaust Memorial Service.
After historian Andreas Maislinger developed the idea for the Austrian Holocaust Memorial Service, Loeschnak formed its legal base. On September 1, 1992 the first Austrian Holocaust Memorial Servant started his service at the Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="36863589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863589" title="Gregory Donhault">
Gregory Donhault

Gregory Donhault (ca. 1555-1614), of London, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for East Looe in 1593, Saltash in 1597, Dunheved in 1601.

</doc>
<doc id="36863613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863613" title="Donal Reid">
Donal Reid

Donal Reid is an Irish former Gaelic footballer. He was a member of Donegal's 1992 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship winning team. He played as a defender and started at left half back in the 1992 All Ireland Final as Donegal won by 0-18 to 0-14 against Dublin. 
He played club football for Aodh Ruadh.

</doc>
<doc id="36863614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863614" title="Administrative subpoena">
Administrative subpoena

An administrative subpoena under U.S. law is a subpoena issued by a federal agency without prior judicial oversight. Critics say that administrative subpoena authority is a violation of the Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution, while proponents say that it provides a valuable investigative tool.
History.
Administrative subpoenas have most commonly been issued by the Offices of the Inspector General of various federal agencies. The Drug Enforcement Administration was granted administrative subpoena authority under the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970. In 1996 Congress expanded the authority to issue the subpoenas to the Federal Bureau of Investigation when investigating health care fraud cases under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act. More recently, the Department of Justice has attempted to expand administrative subpoena authority to terrorism investigations through amendments to the Patriot Act.
The United States Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) also frequently utilizes administrative subpoenas to initiate civil investigations of U.S. economic sanctions violations. OFAC subpoenas are typically to be responded to in 30 days and require the subpoenaed party to turn over full and complete information, as well as, supporting documentation to verify the information provided in the response.

</doc>
<doc id="36863616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863616" title="Venezuelan Poodle Moth">
Venezuelan Poodle Moth

The Venezuelan Poodle Moth is a possible new species of moth discovered in 2009 by Dr. Arthur Anker of Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan, in the Gran Sabana region of Venezuela. It bears similarities to the "Diaphora mendica", the Muslin Moth, but most likely belongs to the lepidopteran genus Artace. 

</doc>
<doc id="36863631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863631" title="Samsung Ativ S">
Samsung Ativ S

The Samsung ATIV S (GT-I8750 or SGH-T899M) is a touchscreen, slate smartphone manufactured by Samsung Electronics running the Windows Phone 8 operating system. The ATIV S is Samsung's first Windows Phone 8 device. It was shown at the IFA 2012 in Berlin and was the first Windows Phone 8 device to be officially unveiled.
The ATIV S features a 4.8″ 1280 by 720 HD Super AMOLED display with a pixel density of 306ppi, a 1.5 GHz dual-core processor, 1 GB of RAM, an 8-megapixel primary camera, a 1.9-megapixel secondary camera, near field communications, and support for HSPA+ networks. The Ativ S is available with 16 GB or 32 GB of internal storage with micro SDXC expansion for up to an additional 64 GB. It further features a 2300mAh removable battery and a brushed-metal look of the battery door.
The phone is known for having very similar hardware to the Galaxy S III, which runs Google Android.
A Samsung executive has noted that demand for Samsung's Windows-based phones is relatively low.
ATIV S Neo.
On 26 June 2013, Sprint announced that it will be releasing the Samsung ATIV S Neo and HTC 8XT during summer 2013. Samsung ATIV S Neo's appearance is similar to the ATIV S', though has notable differences spec-wise, having 1.4 GHz processor speed, a 2000mAh battery, and LTE connectivity.
ATIV SE.
Verizon announced Samsung ATIV SE with $99 on a two-year contract or $599 if you want to pay the full price.
It sports 5.0 inches (1080 x 1920) IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen Display with 8GB ROM, 2GB RAM and storage is expandable via microSD card. The 13MP camera is on the back and VGA camera is on the front.
It's launched with Windows Phone 8.0 but will be upgraded to Windows Phone 8.1 with the wave massive OS upgrade schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="36863636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863636" title="Ellis Wynn">
Ellis Wynn

Ellis Wynn (before 1559-1623) was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Saltash in 1597.

</doc>
<doc id="36863638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863638" title="April Bloomfield">
April Bloomfield

April Bloomfield (born 1974), is a British chef best known for holding a Michelin star at two restaurants, The Spotted Pig and The Breslin. She had previously worked at a number of restaurants in the United Kingdom, including The River Café and Bibendum. 
Chef Bloomfield is also noted for achieving the highest score of any single challenger in "Iron Chef America" history, accomplishing the feat during her 56–53 victory over Michael Symon in 2008.
Biography.
Bloomfield was born in Birmingham, West Midlands, in 1974. Her father was an engineer, while her mother worked from home for Halcyon Days Ltd, painting bomboniere. She originally wanted to become a police officer, but changed her mind when she discovered that she had missed out on the police cadet scheme. She decided to attend catering college alongside her sister and realised that it was a career she wanted.
Following college, she began working at the Holiday Inn in Birmingham, before moving to London to work first at Kensington Place and then at Bibendum. She moved to work in Northern Ireland but returned to London and after working at a couple of further restaurants, she started working at The River Café after achieving a position there through a friend.
She credits her time at the River Café with Rose Gray and Ruth Rogers as being the time which really taught her to cook. Whilst there, she was scouted by American chef Mario Batali following Jamie Oliver's suggestion, to open a bistro-style restaurant in New York City. She was flown out to New York, where she was offered the job after a ten-hour interview by Batali which saw the pair eat at a variety of the restaurants in the city. After spending the summer working at Chez Panisse to familiarise herself with American ingredients, she moved to New York in the autumn of 2003, and opened the gastropub The Spotted Pig. The restaurant went on to win a Michelin star in 2005, the first time a specific list had been produced for New York City. She opened a second restaurant, located in the Ace Hotel New York, called The Breslin which later also won a star. She also opened an oyster bar in the hotel called The John Dory.
As of the 2012 Michelin Guide, she is one of ten female chefs in the United States to hold a Michelin star.

</doc>
<doc id="36863656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863656" title="Robert Crosse (MP)">
Robert Crosse (MP)

Robert Crosse (died 1611), was an English politician.
Crosse was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Minehead in 1586, Yarmouth, Isle of Wight in 1593 and Saltash in 1601.
References.
http://www.oxforddnb.com/templates/article.jsp?articleid=37326&back=

</doc>
<doc id="36863677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863677" title="Symbolyst">
Symbolyst

Symbolyst is the third LP by American post-rock band Lymbyc Systym, released on September 18, 2012. On July 31, 2012, the song "Prairie School" was uploaded to Soundcloud by the band's label.

</doc>
<doc id="36863680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863680" title="Barry Cunningham (Gaelic footballer)">
Barry Cunningham (Gaelic footballer)

Barry Cunningham is an Irish former Gaelic footballer from Killybegs. A former member of the Donegal senior football team, he played his club football for Na Cealla Beaga. He is now a quantity surveyor.
Inter-county.
Cunningham won the 1987 All-Ireland Under 21 Football Championship with Donegal.
He was a member of Donegal's 1992 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship winning panel. He played as a midfielder and came on as a substitute for calf injury victim Brian Murray in the second half of the 1992 All Ireland Final as Donegal won by 0-18 to 0-14 against Dublin.
Club.
At club level he played for Na Cealla Beaga. He won five Donegal Senior Football Championships—1988, 1991, 1992, 1995 and 1996. In 1991 he reached the final of the Ulster Senior Club Football Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36863693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863693" title="The Command (short story)">
The Command (short story)

"The Command" is a classic science fiction story pioneering the concept of uplift by L. Sprague de Camp, the first in his Johnny Black series. It was first published in the magazine "Astounding Science-Fiction" for October, 1938, and first appeared in book form in the hardcover anthology "Modern Masterpieces of Science Fiction" (World Publishing Co., 1965; reprinted by Hyperion Press, 1974). It later appeared in the paperback anthology "Doorway Into Time" (Macfadden-Bartell, 1966) and the subsequent de Camp collection "The Best of L. Sprague de Camp" (Nelson Doubleday, 1978). The story has also been translated into German.
Plot summary.
Johnny Black is an American black bear, an experimental animal under the care of Professor Methuen at a biological station near the town of Frederiksted on the island of St. Croix in the U.S. Virgin Islands. He has been injected with "a chemical that lowered the resistance of the synapses between his brain cells, making that complicated process called 'thought' about as easy for Johnny's little brain as a man's big one."
At the beginning of the story, hoping to learn more about the science to which he owes his human intelligence, Johnny is reading an encyclopedia article about chemistry. Finding it hard to puzzle through without Professor Methuen's help, he goes for an amble about the station. The station seems unusually quiet. At the cages housing some of the other animals he finds the birds and monkeys chattering away as usual, but the chimpanzee McGinty in a catatonic state. Trotting over to the kitchen in hope of lunch, he finds the cook Honoria Velez in the same condition, and afterwards the station's scientists, including his patron Methuen, equally afflicted. Only nipping or prodding at them induces them into any movement, and that the minimum required to avoid the stimulus.
The only activity Johnny observes in the vicinity is a number of balloons floating up from the laboratory of Bemis, a botanist unpopular among the other biologists. Investigating, he discovers two strange men inflating and releasing the balloons. As part of an experiment of Bemis's, the balloons carry mold samples into the stratosphere to determine the mutational effects on them of cosmic rays. Johnny attempts to greet the men but is shot at and flees. Later, helping himself to some food back at the kitchen, he hears the strangers drive up. He hides as they order Honoria to load supplies into their truck, a demand with which she complies as if hypnotized. The two return to Bemis's with Johnny secretly following, where they meet two other men, one of them Bemis himself. Johnny decides Bemis must be behind whatever is going on. Eavesdropping confirms this: it is one of the botanist's mutated molds, with will-inhibiting effects specific to higher anthropoids, that has afflicted the biological station. Moreover, its influence is spreading. Bemis expects the whole Earth to be affected within a few weeks, whereupon he and his henchmen will take over the world.
After the conspirators part to attend to various errands, Johnny waylays and kills them separately, then breaks into Bemis's desk in search of the antidote he reasons they must have possessed. He discovers a bottle of potassium iodide, a standard fungicide, and two hypodermic syringes. Clumsily, with teeth and claws, he manages to open the bottle and fill one of the syringes, with which he trots back to the station in search of Methuen. But his attempts to inject Methuen and the other victims fail, as they instinctively resist his efforts. Nor can he order them to do it themselves, as the conspirators might have, his ursine mouth and throat being incapable of human speech. Attempting to direct them via sign language or a laboriously typed message fare no better. Johnny is frustrated: "It seemed absurd–even his little bear's sense of humor realized that–that the spell could be broken by a simple command, that he alone in the whole world knew the command, and that he had no way of giving it."
Finally he has an idea; using the record collection and recording device of one of the scientists, he isolates and re-records the phrase "Now look here!" – which he plays to Methuen, forcing his mentor to pay attention to the message he had previously typed: "PICK UP SIRINGE AND INJECT SOLUTION INTO YOUR UPPER ARM." After reading the message Methuen complies, and gradually emerges from his trance. Afterwards the two of them return to the typewriter, on which Johnny slowly taps out his account of what has happened. Methuen is amazed – "Think of it, Johnny, a bear saving the world!" – and effusively grateful. But any reward will have to wait. First there are the rest of the scientists and people of St. Croix to cure, and then the population of the rest of the Caribbean islands and the mainland.
A week later, beset by boredom in the now mostly-deserted biological station, Johnny attempts the chemistry article once more, still with no one available to help him through the difficult parts.
Importance.
"The Command" is one of de Camp's earliest works of fiction, and important in his development as a writer in that (with its successors "The Incorrigible," "The Emancipated" and "The Exalted") it represents his first effort to construct a connected series. Regarding it, de Camp has written "'The Command' had no special inspiration, unless one counts visits to the Central Park Zoo. It was the first of a series of four sequels. I learned the hard way that each story of a series must top its predecessor or it will look less good. In this case, the series ran down; Johnny Black starts out by saving the world and ends up saving his boss's job. It should have been the other way around, but that would have meant planning the whole series in advance. This would have been wise, but I did not then know that."
In the analysis of science fiction historians Alexei and Cory Panshin, the story typified an attitude of de Camp remarkable for the genre of the time: "In the proto-ecological universe projected by de Camp, to be human ... was a natural state of being which we might share with a wide variety of creatures. ... Camp was capable of imagining what previously would have been thought of as lesser beings–[such as a black bear experimentally raised to high intelligence in 'The Command' ("Astounding", Oct. 1938) ... as being as decent, rational and civilized as most men manage to be, and maybe even more so."
Adaptations.
The story was rewritten as the children's story "The Bear Who Saved the World" by the author's wife Catherine Crook de Camp, in which form it was published in the anthology "Creatures of the Cosmos" (Westminster Press, 1977).

</doc>
<doc id="36863703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36863703" title="The Golden Bird (film)">
The Golden Bird (film)

The Golden Bird () is a 2011 Indian science fiction film directed by Amit Dutta. It was screened at the 68th Venice International Film Festival.
Production.
The film was picked up to be produced by Enlighten Entertainment, a leading producer in alternative and art-house cinema. Pranav Ashar, founder of the company stated was looking for films which could represent his vision in art-house Indian cinema and came across Amit Dutta. Ashar stated, "When we sought to look for a filmmaker whose work we could assist in producing, our natural choice was Amit Dutta. For us, he is one of India’s leading art house filmmaker and therefore, an obvious choice." Enlighten presented Dutta's film at the 68th Venice International Film Festival in the Orizzonti section which showcases "new trends in world cinema". 
Release.
The film was released for free on Cineoo, a website owned by Enlighten India. This is the second film to be released on Cineoo for free after Anand Gandhi's "Ship of Theseus".

</doc>
