<doc id="36877180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877180" title="Stuart Wolfenden">
Stuart Wolfenden

Stuart Wolfenden is an English actor. He played Herbie in "Dead Man's Shoes", Bill in "Oranges and Sunshine", and Pete in "Best Laid Plans". In 1989, he played the character Mark Casey in "Coronation Street". He appeared as Mark Casey in the soap for 3 years.He also appears in television programmes such as; "Emmerdale", "Heartbeat", "Accused" and "Blue Murder". Stuart is soon to be seen as Liam in series two of "Prisoners' Wives".
Career.
Wolfendon began acting at North Chadderton School. After starring in the stage version of "Kes", he won the Best Actor under 21 award at the Grange Arts Centre in Oldham, at the age of 13. At this time he was also an actor at Oldham Theatre Workshop. At 15, Wolfendon played Craig the paperboy in "Coronation Street" and also appeared in the BBC One children's drama "Jossy's Giants". When Wolfendon was 17 he landed a role in the BBC series "My Kingdom for a Horse" as Bobby Shaw. He starred opposite Sean Bean and Sheila Hancock.
In 1989, he began playing Mark Casey in "Coronation Street", continuing in the role for 3 years until 1992. He has subsequently appeared in shows including "Clocking Off", "Fat Friends" and "Blue Murder". More recently he appeared in the Jimmy McGovern drama "Accused". His film career started in 1992 with a role in "In the Name of the Father". He later appeared as Herbie in "Dead Man's Shoes", and as Bill in the 2011 film "Oranges and Sunshine". In 2013 Wolfendon appeared as Liam in series two of "Prisoners' Wives".

</doc>
<doc id="36877182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877182" title="Chō Soku Henkei Gyrozetter">
Chō Soku Henkei Gyrozetter

A manga series was released on December 3, 2012, although unlike the anime, the manga is still on-going.
Summary.
In 21st century Japan, vehicles with artificial intelligence for increased safety, known as A.I. Cars, have revolutionized the automotive industry. Special schools teaching children to drive A.I. Cars have been established. One day, Kakeru Todoroki, a fifth grader of Arcadia Academy, is summoned by the school principal and given an A.I. Car with which to save humanity. The car, however, is actually also a transforming robot known as Gyrozetter. When Xenon, an evil organization bent on world domination, wreak havoc across New Yokohama City, Kakeru must gather the other "chosen drivers" foretold on the artifact known as the "Rosettagraph", and stop Xenon's evil plans.
Terminology.
Arcadia.
The creator of the A.I. cars, Arcadia is known for the highest innovations of the car industry, by introducing hydrogen-fueled cars with added artificial intelligence for increased safety into the automotive industry. Since then, many car manufacturers began importing new and improved car models through this company. To protect New Yokohama City, Arcadia deploys their line of defense to solve the problem.
A.I. Cars.
Short for "Artificial Intelligent Cars", these are cars that are installed with A.I. programs for increased safety.
Arcadia Academy.
A multi-purpose school for young A.I. Car drivers of any niche, from ages 6 to 15. Like any other school, the academy provides basic and advance education, as well as driving lessons. Arcadia's secret peace-keeping base was hidden here.
Gyrozetters.
A type of A.I. Car that can transform into its robotic form via its feature called "Chō Soku Henkei" (Hyper Speed Transformation). To active it, the driver must pull up the steering wheel whilst shouting the command "Chō Soku Henkei!" (Hyper Speed Transform!). Upon activation, the car itself will re-assemble into the robotic form of it. Each A.I. car has different appearance and weapon of choice that varies from each other.
Final Burst.
The Gyrozetter's ultimate attack that can only be used when the Burst Core of the Moebius Engine is been in its full limit. This can be achieved by filling it with the driver's "power of devotion", which can be drawn from their devotion to something important to them, until it exceeds Level 3.
Characters.
Arcadia Chosen Drivers.
A small group of young drivers foretold on the writings found in an ancient monolith called "Rosettagraph". These drivers believed to be the ones who can "choose their own future", and each possessed a specialty that might help them in battle. Each of the chosen drivers has their own Gyrozetters that, unlike the others, are powered with the hydrogen-powered engine, known as "Moebius Engine".
Kakeru Todoroki
"Voiced by": Marina Inoue
Age:12
Car:Arcadia Libird -> Arcadia Libird Hyper Spec -> Arcadia Libird Shining Edition
Weapon of Choice: Short Sword
Signature Attack: Lightning Slash
The main protagonist of the series, and the first of the five chosen drivers selected by Arcadia. A young carefree boy who was very polite,and never forgets smile and bow at whoever he met, although he regularly displays recklessness that almost get him into trouble. However, whatever he sees someone in danger, he would not think twice before rushing to help, but when his friends were in deep danger, or if they were hurt in front of him, Kakeru sets his outgoing personality aside and unleashes his repressed hatred at his enemies. He usually uses the word "depressingly" as an adjective, much to Rinne's dismay. His Gyrozetter, Libird, uses a short sword, called "Thunderclap Blade", to deliver strikes at his enemies,and usually uses attacks based on Japanese wrestling moves, such as Lightning Slash, an diving attack. He has three Final Burst in the series
Episode list.
A total of three theme songs are used, one opening and two endings. The opening is "Let's Go!" by Masohiko Kondou, the first ending is "Strobe" and the second ending, used from episode 18, is "One Step", both by TEMPURA KIDZ. The series started on October 2, 2012 and ended on September 24, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36877191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877191" title="Lawrence Paterson">
Lawrence Paterson

Larry Paterson is a musician and best known as the drummer for Raven Lord and Stuka Squadron and was also the drummer for Blaze Bayley during (2007–2010) .
Early life.
Lawrence ‘Larry’ Paterson was born in Matamata, New Zealand, in 1967. By the age of 15 he had taken up the drums, influenced by the sounds of classic hard rock and heavy metal made by bands such as Motörhead, Iron Maiden, Judas Priest, Black Sabbath and AC/DC. Several bands in New Zealand followed until by 1988 Paterson relocated to the United Kingdom.
Moved to United Kingdom.
Once there he again found himself in several bands of different caliber and levels of achievement. In 1992 he was drumming with thrashers Arbitrater, who released two albums while touring with the likes of Xentrix and Acid Reign, before calling it a day in 1995.
Work with Cozy Powell.
For a period of time Paterson helped out Cozy Powell’s drum tech Eddie Naughton during the writing and recording of the Black Sabbath ‘Forbidden’ album. Striking up a friendship with one of his all time drum heroes left an indelible impression on Paterson who was devastated when he heard of Cozy’s death in 1998. Cozy had had a profound influence of Paterson’s playing style and attitude to both music in general and metal in particular and he now has possession of two of Cozy’s Yamaha drum kits that he occasionally uses on stage (the black and silver and black and gold kits familiar from Sabbath and Brian May tours). Cozy had even put Paterson forward as a possible replacement in the Peter Green Splinter Group, but ultimately he was unsuccessful.
Book authoring.
Paterson has also written nine books about a different kind of Heavy Metal. Since 2000 he has written non-fiction histories of Germany’s Second World War U-boat service, inspired largely by his lifelong interest in the Second World War and working as a Scuba diving instructor, diving the wartime wrecks off France. During this period he also managed to severely break his elbow while falling off rollerblades. The doctors told him that even after a full recovery he would never straighten his arm again. This turned out to be incorrect and after weeks of lifting weights his arm was virtually as good as new.
Chokehold.
More recently Paterson was the prime mover in Chokehold, who also released three albums. The first, ‘The Killing Has Begun’, was handled by Casket Records during 2006 while the second, ‘The Sweet Sense Of Genocide’, and third, ‘Eight Days In May’ have become successful independent releases. Coupled with this Chokehold released a promotional video for the track Faith Of Fear which featured on Scuzz and MTV.
The band appeared on Channel 4 as part of the Harvey Goldsmith series, featuring on the episode that revolved around the fortunes of British metal veterans Saxon. Impressed with Chokehold’s performance, Saxon immediately offered them the opening slot on their UK ‘Inner Sanctum’ tour that took place in May 2007. However, despite some success during and after this tour, including the offer of a deal from Germany’s Armageddon Records, Paterson decided that he had done as much as he could with Chokehold and moved on.
Blaze Bayley.
This time he stepped up a gear by auditioning for Blaze Bayley, finally offered the full time position after a London Clive Aid show on 28 October 2007. Blaze Bayley hit the road for remainder of 2007 before retreating to write material for their first album under the Blaze Bayley label.
The new Blaze Bayley album, entitled ‘The Man Who Would Not Die’ was finally released on 7 July 2008. The tours that followed included shows in the United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland, Russia, Slovenia, Spain, Croatia, Germany, the Netherlands, Denmark, Norway, Brazil, Poland, Czech Republic, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Finland, Sweden, Belgium, France, Switzerland, Italy and Greece.
In 2009 the double live album and DVD ‘The Night That Will Not Die’ was released, the following year the band’s second album ‘Promise And Terror’ also emerging. However, shortly after this, in May 2010, Paterson departed the band due to personal and professional differences with some of the other members.
In the meantime Paterson authored a book on the Blaze Bayley band’s history entitled ‘At The End Of The Day’, published in 2009, an updated reprint following in October 2010.
Iron Knights and Raven Lord.
Paterson has since then joined Stuka Squadron (as Baron Von Hammerstein), the band then renaming itself Iron Knights. In 2012 Larry Paterson joined the international metal act Raven Lord for a period of time before scheduling problems forced him to step out of the band.
Gear and endorsements.
Paterson endorses the following equipment:
Mapex drums and hardware; Wincent Drumsticks; Paiste cymbals; Aquarian Drumheads; Duallist Pedals; Hardcase cases; Carlsbro; Dreadmeister custom drum and bike parts.

</doc>
<doc id="36877214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877214" title="64th Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards">
64th Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards

The 64th Annual Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards ceremony was held on September 15 at the Nokia Theatre in Downtown Los Angeles and was televised September 22, 2012 on ReelzChannel. This is in conjunction with the annual Primetime Emmy awards and is presented in recognition of technical and other similar achievements in American television programming.
HBO's "Game of Thrones" won six Emmys, while the Discovery Channel's "Frozen Planet", PBS's "Great Expectations" and NBC's "Saturday Night Live" each won four.
Winners and nominees.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in bold.
Presenters.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="36877218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877218" title="Lad Khan Temple">
Lad Khan Temple

The Lad Khan Temple, dedicated to Shiva, is a one of the oldest Hindu temples and is located in Aihole in the state of Karnataka, India. It was built in the 5th century by the kings of the Chalukya dynasty. It is located to the south of the Durga Temple. The temple is named after a person named Lad khan, who turned this temple into his residence for a short period and this is the oldest temple of Aihole.
Structure.
The temple consists of a shrine ("garba griha") with mandapa in front of it. The "mukha mandapa" is situated in front of the sanctum and consists of a set of 12 carved pillars. The "sabha mandapa" leads to the "maha mandapa" and the pillars are arranged to form two concentric squares. The walls have floral patterns on them and the windows have lattice work done in the northern style. Facing the sanctum, a second smaller sanctum is situated above the center of the hall whose outer walls have many carved images.
Originally dedicated to Vishnu, now the main shrine houses a Shiva Linga with a Nandi. The temple was built in a Panchayatana style, indicating a very early experiment in temple construction. The special feature of this temple is that it starts with a rectangular structure and ends with a square structure. Based on a wooden construction design, the square and rectangular plan has a steep roof, which is an adaptation of wooden styles in stone.
The "maha mandapa" is open to exterior by large windows between the pillars. The roof above the "maha mandapa" shows a turret as a first version of the futures towers sikharas and vimanas.

</doc>
<doc id="36877228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877228" title="Noel Morris">
Noel Morris

Noel Morris (born 1975) is an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Tipperary senior team.
Morris joined the team during the 2000 championship and was a member of the team until he left the panel after the 2004 championship. He won a senior All-Ireland winners' medal as a non-playing substitute. 
At club level Morris plays with the Loughmore-Castleiney club.

</doc>
<doc id="36877244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877244" title="Engleromyces sinensis">
Engleromyces sinensis

Engleromyces sinensis is a species of fungus in the family Xylariaceae. It was described as new to science in 2010, based on specimens collected in 1958 and incorrectly identified as "Engleromyces goetzii". The fungus is known only from China, where it grows on bamboo culms. It forms fruit bodies in the shape of two roughly circular buff-colored lobes measuring up to in diameter that envelop the bamboo. "E. sinensis" has been used as a folk remedy against cancer and infection in Tibet, Yunnan, and Sichuan Provinces. Several bioactive metabolites have been isolated and identified from the fungus.
Discovery.
"Engleromyces sinensis" was described as a new species in 2010. The authors were studying members of the family Xylariaceae that were housed in the Mycological Herbarium of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing, and discovered that five specimens labeled as "E. goetzii", collected from Jade Dragon Snow Mountain (Yunnan Province) in 1958, did not match descriptions of the species published by Paul Christoph Hennings (1900), Curtis Gates Lloyd (1917), R.W.G. Dennis (1961) or Jack Rogers (1981). These species descriptions, which were based on collections made in Africa, convinced the authors that the Chinese collections were sufficiently different from "E. goetzii" to warrant describing a new species. Prior to this discovery, "Engleromyces" was a monotypic genus. The specific epithet "sinensis" means "Chinese".
Description.
The fruit bodies of "Engleromyces sinensis" form two roughly spherical lobes that partially envelop the bamboo substrate. The official description gives dimensions of by and in height, although specimens in markets measuring in diameter have been noted. When young, the surface is buff-colored with a pinkish hue and slightly dimpled surface; the color changes to grayish-brown and the surface becomes smoother as the fungus matures. The internal flesh is buff colored, with a firm texture that later becomes woody. The ostioles (minute openings through which spores are released), which are scattered about the surface of the fruit bodies, are somewhat nipple-like when young but later become sharper (punctate). Situated under a crust with a thickness of about 1 mm, the perithecia are arranged in rows. They are spherical to flask shaped, with eight-spored asci. The asci are funnel or T-shaped, somewhat like a golf tee, and measure about 4 by 4 µm. They have an apical apparatus (a region at the ascus tip that forms the spore-shooting mechanism) that stains blue in Melzer's reagent. The smooth, black ascospores are lined up in a single row, and feature drop-like appendages that are visible when still in the ascus. Measuring 15–19 by 11.5–12.5 µm, they are broadly inequilateral with one or both ends shortened, and lack a germ pore.
In contrast to "E. goetzii" (the type species of "Engleromyces"), "E. sinensis" has smaller spores, and an apical apparatus that is T-shaped rather than cuboid. "E. goetzii" fruit bodies can grow quite large–"to the size of a football"– and weigh up to . They only grow on the African alpine bamboo ("Yushania alpina"). The Siamese jelly ball fungus, "Gelatinomyces siamensis", produces fruit bodies that are superficially similar to those of "E. sinensis". However, the former are smaller, have a gelatinous texture, and are only found in Thailand, where they grow on bamboo culms and branches at elevations ranging from .
Habitat and distribution.
"Engleromyces sinensis" is known only from China, including its type location in Yunnan, China, in Yulong County. The fungus has also been collected from Mêdog County (Tibet), where it was found growing in a coniferous forest. It has been collected at elevations between . Fruit bodies grow on and partially envelop bamboo culms. Specifically, "E. sinensis" has been recorded from a species of bamboo variously known as "Fargesia melanostachys" or "F. yulongshanensis", depending on the authority. "Engleromyces" collections made in Nepal, initially identified as "E. goetzii", are likely to be "E. sinensis".
Research.
"Engleromyces sinensis" is used in China in traditional medicine for its antibiotic and antiinflammatory properties, and is sold in market stalls in Yunnan. Several bioactive metabolites have been isolated and identified from the fungus. It produces engleromycin, a cytochalasin. This compound, which is also made by "E. goetzii", has antibiotic and cytotoxic activity. Additional metabolites include the novel compound neoengleromycin, and the previously known cytochalasin D and 19,20-epoxycytochalasin D. Neoengleromycin has an unusual chemical structure featuring a rare amine-substituted hydroxamic acid skeleton.

</doc>
<doc id="36877262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877262" title="Yarba, Iran">
Yarba, Iran

Yarba (, also Romanized as Yarba‘ and Yarbā; also known as Jarbāh, Jarbeh, and Yarbeh) is a village in Soveyseh Rural District, in the Soveyseh District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36877295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877295" title="Darragh Rabbitte">
Darragh Rabbitte

Darragh Rabbitte (born 1980) is an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Tipperary senior team.
Rabbiitte joined the team during the 2001 championship and was a member of the team until he left the panel after the 2002 championship. He won a senior All-Ireland winners' medal as a non-playing substitute. 
At club level Rabbitte plays with the Borris-Ileigh club.

</doc>
<doc id="36877312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877312" title="Krishnath College School">
Krishnath College School

Krishnath College School, located in Berhampore, is one of the oldest school in Bengal as well as in India. Originally held in the same building with Krishnath College, it was moved into separate buildings in 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="36877317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877317" title="Muhammad al-Nuwayhi">
Muhammad al-Nuwayhi

Muhammad al-Nuwayhi (1917-1980) was an Egyptian literary scholar. He was Professor of Arabic literature at Cairo University.
Muhammad al-Nuwayhi was a student of Muhammad Khalaf Allah.
Al-Nuwayhi argued that Islam, properly understood, was a progressive religion compatible with modernity. Its distortion into fundamentalism had been caused by a special class of people monopolizing the interpretation of religion and inappropriately turning religious sources into timeless regulations.

</doc>
<doc id="36877321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877321" title="Liz Johnson (swimmer)">
Liz Johnson (swimmer)

Elizabeth "Liz" Johnson (born 3 December 1985) is a British swimmer who has won gold medals in the Paralympic Games and IPC world championships. She has cerebral palsy, placing her in the S6 classification.
Personal life.
Johnson was born in Newport on 3 December 1985. She has cerebral palsy and, at the age of three, was encouraged by her mother to join a group for disabled swimmers to strengthen and relax her muscles. She came to love the sport, competing as an S6 swimmer, and was selected to swim for Team GB at the age of 14. Johnson attended Swansea University and completed a degree in business management and finance. She currently lives in Bath, Somerset and trains with the University of Bath training group, Team Bath.
While Johnson was on the plane to the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, her mother died after a long battle with cervical cancer. She decided to continue with the Games when she was told that the funeral could be held when she returned home.
Johnson spends one day a week studying accountancy and is considering a career in that field when she retires from competitive swimming.
Swimming career.
At the 2006 IPC World Championships in Durban, Johnson won an individual gold medal in the 100 m breaststroke and two relay golds. She repeated her breaststroke success at the 2009 event, breaking the world record in the process, and also picked up two individual medley bronze medals. She won gold in the 100 m breaststroke at the 2008 Summer Paralympics eleven days after the death of her mother, dedicating the victory to her memory.
Johnson's successes were recognised when, in April 2011, she was given the honour of laying the final tile in the competition pool at the London Aquatics Centre. She was also selected as the Paralympic Oath taker for the 2012 Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36877330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877330" title="Dehliz-e Yek">
Dehliz-e Yek

Dehliz-e Yek (, also Romanized as Dehlīz-e Yek) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 138, in 23 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36877333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877333" title="Dehliz-e Do">
Dehliz-e Do

Dehliz-e Do (, also Romanized as Dehlīz-e Do) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 119, in 18 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36877336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877336" title="Sierra Sue">
Sierra Sue

Sierra Sue is a 1941 American Western film directed by William Morgan and starring Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, and Fay McKenzie. Written by Earl Felton and Julian Zimet, the film is about a government inspector investigating a poisonous weed that is destroying the rangeland supporting the area's cattle. The inspector must persuade the ranchers to reject a plan to burn the land and support a new process of chemical spraying from an airplane. The film features the popular Autry songs "Be Honest With Me", "Ridin' the Range", and the title track.
Plot.
In Sierra City, George Larrabee (Robert Homans), the president of the Western Stockman's Association, orders the ranchers of the area to burn their land in response to a poisonous "devil weed" that threatens to overgrow the rangeland and kill the cattle. The local bank president Stacy Bromfield (Frank M. Thomas), a long-time supporter of the ranchers, believes the burning has failed to control the epidemic. At a meeting with Larrabee and the ranchers, Bromfield announces that he contacted the Department of Agriculture and requested a weed control specialist be assigned to investigate. Although suspicious of government intervention, Larrabee and the ranchers agree to cooperate.
While riding to Sierra City, singing cowboy and government specialist Gene Autry (Gene Autry) meets Larrabee's daughter Sue (Fay McKenzie) who does not know he is from the Department of Agriculture. Later, Gene and his sidekick Frog Millhouse (Smiley Burnette) rescue a wounded pilot from a crashed plane—a plane carrying a large loan to Bromfield for the ranchers. Gene leaves the pilot with a farmer and heads to the bank with the money. Believing that they have stolen the money, the farmer alerts the sheriff who organizes a posse, tracks Gene and Frog down, and arrests them. Gene's assistant, Jarvis (Kermit Maynard), arrives to identify them, and soon they are freed.
During his investigation, Gene has a confrontation with Larrabee's foreman, Brandywine (Earle Hodgins), who is attempting to burn Larrabee land at his boss' instruction. When Larrabee and Sue arrive, Gene is able to convince them to keep an open mind and that all ranchers must cooperate if they are to solve the problem. Later at the carnival, Gene romances Sue while Frog is seduced by fortune teller Verebel Featherstone (Dorothy Christy), who is paid by Gene to keep Frog distracted and away from Sue. Verebel hypnotizes Frog and convinces him to become a "human cannonball" and be shot from a cannon.
After his investigation, Gene attends a meeting with the ranchers and tells them that burning will not work—that in fact it will only cause regrowth—and that the only way to get rid of the "devil weed" is through chemical spraying. When the ranchers indicate that the chemicals will kill the cattle, Gene assures the ranchers that the cattle will not be harmed if they are moved away from the spraying area. The ranchers agree to follow Gene's recommendations—everyone but Larrabee who threatens to resign if anyone sprays his range.
The next day, Gene instructs the ranchers to move their cattle to a nearby canyon and keep them there until the next rainfall so they will not be harmed by the chemicals. Once again, Larrabee is the only one who opposes the plan and indicates that he will not comply. Meanwhile, in an effort to protect Larrabee's cattle from the spraying, Bromfield has his cattle moved to safety with the other herds. As Larrabee and his men prepare for a showdown, Gene devises a plan to thwart Larrabee's opposition without violence. Gene orders an airplane to spray the rangeland. Later with her father, Sue acknowledges that Gene handled the situation well and avoided a violent confrontation, and Larrabee agrees. Reluctantly he acknowledges that maybe now the problem will be resolved. 
Brandywine, however, refuses to accept Gene's solution, and as the plane flies over the rangeland, he shoots the plane, disabling it. Although the pilot is able to bail out safely, the plane crashes near the herds and starts a stampede. As the cattle head toward the sprayed land, Gene creates a firebreak just in time to keep the cattle safely inside the canyon. Afterwards, Larrabee apologizes to Gene for his stubborn opposition, Verebel finally wins Frog's affection, and Gene and Sue ride through the valley together singing a romantic song.
Production.
Casting.
"Sierra Sue" was Fay McKenzie's second film as Gene Autry's leading lady, following "Down Mexico Way" (1941). She would go on to appear in three additional films with Autry, "Cowboy Serenade" (1942), "Heart of the Rio Grande" (1942), and "Home in Wyomin"' (1942). Only two women appeared in more films opposite Gene Autry as his leading lady: June Storey (10) and Gail Davis (14).
Filming and budget.
"Sierra Sue" was filmed September 16 to October 1, 1941. The film had an operating budget of $88,425 (equal to $ today), and a negative cost of $89,897.

</doc>
<doc id="36877344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877344" title="Sedreh, Iran">
Sedreh, Iran

Sedreh () is a village in Karkheh Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 145, in 22 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36877348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877348" title="Gu Yidong">
Gu Yidong

Gu Yidong (Chinese: 顾翼东; also known as Yih-Tong Ku, 1903–1996) was a Chinese chemist. Gu was one of the founders of inorganic chemistry of China. He was a senior member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="36877368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877368" title="Shati, Iran">
Shati, Iran

Shati (, also Romanized as Shāţī) is a village in Karkheh Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 63, in 11 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36877378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877378" title="Cadão Volpato">
Cadão Volpato

Carlos Adão "Cadão" Volpato (born December 28, 1956) is a Brazilian musician, artist, journalist and writer. He is best known for being the frontman of the now-defunct cult post-punk band Fellini.
Biography.
Cadão Volpato was born in São Paulo in 1956, and graduated in Journalism at the ECA-USP and in social science at the FFLCH-USP. His first job was in 1984, at the magazine "Veja" as a text reviser. Also in 1984 he founded the band Fellini, alongside Thomas Pappon, Jair Marcos, Ricardo Salvagni and Celso Pucci, also known as "Minho K." (who only played with the band once).
After Fellini's first break-up in 1990 (due to Thomas Pappon leaving Brazil to go live in Germany and later in England, and because Volpato wanted to focus on his intellectual career), he founded a side project called Funziona Senza Vapore (in a reference to Fellini's most famous song), with the two original Fellini members plus Stela Campos replacing Pappon. They recorded in 1992 a homonymous album; however, it was only released ten years later.
In 2001, Cadão reformed Fellini and with them released two more albums before its definitive break-up in 2010.
In 2005, he released his first solo album, "Tudo que Eu Quero Dizer Tem que Ser no Ouvido".
From 2010 until his demission in March 2012, he hosted the program "Metrópolis" in TV Cultura (initial episodes with him also featured his then-girlfriend, Lorena Calábria).
He is also author of the books "Ronda Noturna" (1995), "Dezembro de um Verão Maravilhoso" (1999), "Questionário" (2005), "Relógio sem Sol" (2007) and "Meu Filho, Meu Besouro" (2011), the latter being a children's poetry book that was also illustrated by him, and dedicated to his son. His most recent literary work was the novel "Pessoas que Passam pelos Sonhos", released in 2013 by Editora Babel. 
Cadão has stated that he has used LSD, and that the Fellini song "LSD", off the album "Amor Louco", was about his experiences with the drug.
Cadão also illustrated the front cover to Fellini's albums "Fellini Só Vive 2 Vezes" and "Você Nem Imagina", and to his own solo album.

</doc>
<doc id="36877381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877381" title="Alexandrine Charlotte de Rohan-Chabot">
Alexandrine Charlotte de Rohan-Chabot

Alexandrine Charlotte "Rosalie" de Rohan-Chabot, the "duchesse de La Rochefoucauld", was the lover of U.S. ambassador William Short, the "adoptive son" of Thomas Jefferson. She was a member of the aristocracy during the French Revolution and witnessed firsthand the violence during the infamous Reign of Terror, with the assassination of her husband and the execution of her brother.
William and Rosalie’s love affair was recorded in hundreds of letters, which document the lovers' pains of separation and their frustration with social norms. Likewise, their words of devotion are especially poetic and moving. The love letters are an authentic literary contribution, and offer delightful personal insights into a turbulent era of world history.

</doc>
<doc id="36877401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877401" title="Cycling at the 1962 Asian Games">
Cycling at the 1962 Asian Games

Cycling at the 1962 Asian Games was held in Jakarta, Indonesia between 25 August and 2 September, 1962. Two races were held in this competition, the first race was 159 kilometres and the second race (as open road race) was 180 kilometres. The second race results also counted for team road race competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36877407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877407" title="Farsiyeh, Ahvaz">
Farsiyeh, Ahvaz

Farsiyeh (, also Romanized as Farsīyeh and Fersīyeh; also known as Farsiya) is a village in Tarrah Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 248, in 41 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36877408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877408" title="Kara Collection">
Kara Collection

Japanese version.
Background.
In January 15, 2012, it was announced that each members of the group were planning on releasing their own solo material. However, these songs were instead included on the setlist for the Karasia tour.
On August 17 it was eventually announced on the group's official Japanese website that a solo collections album would be released which contained the songs. The album will be released in three different editions: two CD+DVD, Type A will include the CD, a DVD with music videos of all solo songs, behind the scenes of the music videos and a 28-page photobook, Type B will include the CD and a DVD with all music videos only, and a Regular edition with only the CD itself. CD+DVD Type A comes in a keep case, while CD+DVD B and Regular edition comes in a jewel case. Both CD+DVD editions will include a lottery ticket that comes with different goods that the girls used in their music videos: from Gyuri a hair accessories, from Hara an ice cream cone toy, from Nicole a yellow VHS tape, from Seung-yeon a book (that appears in the opening of the music video) and from Jiyoung a polaroid camera. The buyer can only choose one of them by ticket.
The solo songs were released as ringtones on the music and mobile portal "Recochoku", one song per day. Jiyoung's "Wanna Do" was the first to be released, in August 22, Nicole's "Lost" was released in August 23, Hara's "Secret Love" in August 24, Gyuri's "Daydream" in August 25 and finished with Seung-yeon's "Guilty", released in August 26. The album covers and teasers of all music videos were revealed on August 30.
The music videos of "Secret Love" and "Daydream" premiered on the TV station "Space Shower TV" in August 31, "Lost" and "Wanna Do" premiered on the same channel in September 3 and "Guilty" peremiered in September 4, on the channel "Music On! TV". The music videos, with exception of "Guilty", features guests making the guy role of the story. "Wanna Do" features Supernova's member Park Geon-il, "Lost" features the actor Lee Jong-suk, "Secret Love" features 's member Siwan and "Daydream" features the actor Jung Suk-won.
Composition.
The album is composed of twelve tracks, five of which are original songs sung by each member of the group. The remaining tracks instrumentals. The solo tracks are "Wanna Do", sung by Jiyoung, "Lost", sung by Nicole featuring 2AM's Jin-woon, "Secret Love", sung by Hara, "Daydream", sung by Gyuri and "Guilty", sung by Seung-yeon. A 2012 version of "Go Go Summer!" that released digitally in July 25, 2012, was also included in the album. This version was used to promote Live Dam's karaoke system "Furikara", which the standard version of the song and "Mister" were included.
"Wanna Do" and "Secret Love" were written by G-High and Lee Joo-hyung, who also composed the songs and were translated in Japanese by Mai Watarai. "Lost", "Guilty" and "Daydream" were written and composed by Sweetune (Song Soo-yun, Han Jae-ho and Kim Seung-soo). "Lost" was translated in Japanese by Emyli and also composed by An Jun-sung. "Daydream" was translated in Japanese by PA-NON and also composed by Hwang-hyun. "Guilty" was translated in Japanese by Onomiya Shino and also composed by Yue. Gyuri, Seungyeon, Hara, and Jiyoung helped pen the lyrics their own songs; Nicole penned the rap of her song.
Chart performance.
The solo songs were released as ringtones on the music and mobile portal "Recochoku" from August 22 to 26, one song per day. The songs ranked high in "Recochoku Uta" daily chart: "Wanna Do" peaked #6, "Lost" peaked #7, "Secret Love" peaked #9, "Daydream" peaked #11 and "Guilty" peaked #4. In Oricon, the album debuted at number three with 18,101 copies sold on the first day and 47,553 copies sold on the first week.
Korean version.
Background.
Some rumors of a Korean version of the album were spreading around the internet since the Japanese release in September but in that time was not confirmed by the group's agency, DSP Media. In November 24, Mnet revealed in their "coming soon releases" that two songs from the Korean "Kara Collection" will be released in November 28. In November 27, the album release was confirmed by DSP Media. The album will be released in December 4 in two editions: limited and regular. The limited edition will include a special DVD including the music videos and special photocards with unveiled still-cuts from the music videos. It will be limited to 5,000 copies. The songs "Secret Love" and "Lost" were released in November 28 digitally along with their respective music videos on Kara's official YouTube account. "Daydream", "Wanna Do" and "Guilty" were released digitally in November 30, along with their respective music videos.
Composition.
The songs "Daydream", "Guilty" and "Lost" were written by Song Soo-yun and produced by Han Jae-ho and Kim Seung-soo, also known as Sweetune. The songs "Secret Love" and "Wanna Do" were written and produced by G-High and Lee Joo-hyung. Gyuri, Seungyeon, Hara, and Jiyoung helped pen the lyrics their own songs; Nicole penned the rap of her song.

</doc>
<doc id="36877424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877424" title="Mahur, Iran">
Mahur, Iran

Mahur (, also Romanized as Māhūr; also known as Māleḩ-e Māhūr) is a village in Tarrah Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 126, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36877436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877436" title="Aidan Butler">
Aidan Butler

Aidan Butler (born 1974) is an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Tipperary senior team.
Butler made his senior championship debut as a substitute versus Kerry during the 1996 championship. and made his final appearance in the county senior colours during the 2003 championship. During that time he won a senior All-Ireland winners' medal as a non-playing substitute. 
At club level Buter is a one-time county club championship medallist with Clonoulty-Rossmore GAA.

</doc>
<doc id="36877439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877439" title="Powerlifting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 67.5 kg">
Powerlifting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 67.5 kg

The men's 67.5 kg powerlifting event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was contested on 2 September at ExCeL London.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing world and Paralympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="36877461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877461" title="Anaqcheh Rural District">
Anaqcheh Rural District

Anaqcheh Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22,692, in 4,198 families. The rural district has 44 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36877476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877476" title="Elhayi Rural District">
Elhayi Rural District

Elhayi Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17,074, in 2,834 families. The rural district has 45 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36877486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877486" title="Laura Binetti">
Laura Binetti

Laura Binetti (born March 6, 1965) is a professional Canadian female bodybuilder. She currently lives in North York, Ontario.
Personal life.
Laura stated her favorite bodybuilder is Juliette Bergmann. She moved to the U.S. to live with her boyfriend in Omaha, Nebraska and expand her fitness consulting business.
Bodybuilding career.
After coming fourth in the Jan Tana Classic Laura retired from bodybuilding. She tried to make a comeback in 2007 and 2008 but due to medical reasons she withdraw and now focus on expanding her business in the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="36877492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877492" title="Hebburn (TV series)">
Hebburn (TV series)

Hebburn is a BBC television comedy series set in Hebburn in Tyne and Wear. The six-part series commenced broadcasting on BBC Two on 18 October 2012 starring Kimberley Nixon and Chris Ramsey. The show is written by Jason Cook and Graham Duff and follows the recently wedded couple Jack and Sarah alongside Jack's family, the Pearsons.
The show received a mixed critical reaction, including criticism from residents of the town on which it was based. A Christmas special was commissioned as well as a second series, which began airing on BBC Two on 12 November 2013. In March 2014 it was announced by the BBC that "Hebburn" would not be returning for a third series.
Plot.
The series follows the Pearson family, Joe (Vic Reeves, credited under his real name, Jim Moir) and Pauline (Gina McKee) and their son Jack (Chris Ramsey), who secretly married a middle-class Jewish girl, Sarah (Kimberley Nixon), in a drunken binge in Las Vegas.
Development and production.
"Hebburn" was created by comic Jason Cook, inspired by Hebburn in South Tyneside, the town in which he was raised. It was piloted in October 2011 through a live performance as part of the Salford Sitcom Showcase at MediaCityUK. A six-part series was then commissioned by Channel X North and Steve Coogan’s production company Baby Cow Productions. Cook co-wrote the series with Graham Duff, who had written the sitcom "Ideal".
Chris Ramsey, a comic from South Shields, was cast to play Jack Pearson, with Kimberley Nixon as his new wife, Sarah. Vic Reeves (credited under his real name, Jim Moir) and Gina McKee were cast as his parents. The show also featured Geordie actors Victoria Elliott and Lisa McGrillis, alongside performances from North East stand-ups Steffen Peddie, Barry Dodds and Alfie Joey.
Principal photography began with a week's shoot on location in Hebburn on 23 April 2012, with the production based at High Lane Social Club in the town. Park Road, the street on which Cook was raised, prominently featured in the shoot. Following the location shoot in South Tyneside, the production moved to its main base at studios in Manchester.
The series concluded with Joe, played by Moir, having a stroke at Jack and Sarah's wedding. Writer Jason Cook says that this was important for him as his own father had a stroke, "so that was like a love letter to my mum and dad." His father's stroke had inspired Cook's critically acclaimed 2007 stand-up show, "My Confessions".
Filming of the second series began in August 2013. It was announced in August that Melanie Hill would join the cast for the second series, and, pending some teasing about Cook about a “propa legend” in the second series, it was revealed that Tim Healy would have a cameo role in the first episode of the second series. The series will also feature Toby Hadoke, Alfie Joey, Seymour Mace and Terry Joyce.
Reception.
The first series received mixed reviews. "The Guardian"s Sam Wollaston labelled the series "Hebburn Meh-burn", saying that its "neither brave nor original," claiming that the characters "don't behave or speak like real people, they behave and speak like a sitcom family." 
similarly, "The Independent"s Tom Sutcliffe suggested "there's not a lot in "Hebburn" that you haven't seen before", comparing the show to "The Royle Family". However, Sutcliffe says that "Hebburn" "is quite distinctively its own thing", and praises the show's "sharpness of characterisation for them to show how good they can be right from the off."
Some people from Hebburn, including a local councillor, objected to the show's portrayal of the town and its residents. However, despite the mixed critical reaction, a second series and Christmas special were commissioned, with writer Jason Cook revealing ambitions to launch a four-day comedy festival in the town.
The second series, broadcast in autumn 2013, also received mixed reviews. Writing for "The Guardian", Dominic Sandbrook said: "It’s still not exactly subtle comedy, but the first episode of the new run turned out to have more gags than the whole of the first series combined. If scriptwriter Jason Cook can belatedly find his sense of humour, then so can the people of Hebburn.” "The Independent"s Ellen E Jones branded the series "a relic from a different era”, saying that "it really belongs to that breed of untaxing sitcom in which the gentle laughs are so predictable that you could set your pacemaker by them." In contrast to the broadsheets, South Tyneside local newspaper "Shields Gazette"s Vicki Newman, who "was given exclusive behind-the-scenes access during filming", praised the show, writing that it “has so much heart that, to me, it was no surprise that it was commissioned for a second series. The show looks sharper, and it just feels bigger and better than the first series."
In January 2013, "Hebburn" was voted the "Best New TV Sitcom" in the Comedy.co.uk Awards held by the British Comedy Guide. The show won the regional Royal Television Society award in March 2013, and has been nominated in the Best Comedy category in the National Television Awards; the winner will be announced in January 2014.
DVD release.
The complete first series of Hebburn was released onto DVD on 26 November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36877493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877493" title="Esmailiyeh Rural District">
Esmailiyeh Rural District

Esmailiyeh Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 48,235, in 8,615 families. The rural district has 50 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36877509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877509" title="Sidney H. Griffith">
Sidney H. Griffith

Father Sidney H. Griffith (born 1938) is a professor of Early Christian Studies at the Catholic University of America. His main areas of interest are Arabic Christianity, Syriac monasticism, medieval Christian-Muslim encounters and ecumenical and interfaith dialogue.
Career.
Griffith began his career when he was ordained a Catholic priest in 1965. He continued his studies and was awarded a licentiate in theology in 1967. In 1977, he graduated with a Ph.D. from the same university. The subject of the thesis was Syriac and Medieval Arabic. He immediately assumed teaching duties, and in 1984 rose to director of the university's Graduate Program in Early Christian Studies. During his career, he has been a visiting professor or fellow at, among other institutions, the The Institute for Advanced Studies at The Hebrew University of Jerusalem and Georgetown University. Furthermore, he has been president of three separate professional societies in his field. He has published prolifically on Syriac Christianity and Christian Arabs.
His main areas of interest are Arabic Christianity, Syriac monasticism, medieval Christian-Muslim encounters and ecumenical and interfaith dialogue. He serves on the advisory board of the journal "Collectanea Christiana Orientalia", and gives guest lectures at prestigious institutions.
Awards.
In 2009, Griffith was awarded a Rumi Peace Award for his efforts in interfaith dialogue. The same year, his book "The Church in the Shadow of the Mosque: Muslims and Christians in the World of Islam" was awarded the Albert C. Outler Prize for the best book on ecumenical church history by the American Society of Church History. The book has been widely and approvingly reviewed.

</doc>
<doc id="36877510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877510" title="Gheyzaniyeh Rural District">
Gheyzaniyeh Rural District

Gheyzaniyeh Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11,636, in 2,066 families. The rural district has 49 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36877513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877513" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 2064">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2064

United Nations Security Council Resolution 2064 was unanimously adopted on 30 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36877525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877525" title="Kut-e Abdollah Rural District">
Kut-e Abdollah Rural District

Kut-e Abdollah Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17,353, in 3,221 families. The rural district has 15 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36877540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877540" title="Mosharrahat Rural District">
Mosharrahat Rural District

Mosharrahat Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7,651, in 1,452 families. The rural district has 29 villages. 
Transportation.
The closest to Mosharrahat Rural District is Ahwaz International Airport, which is about 22 km away. 

</doc>
<doc id="36877554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877554" title="Soveyseh Rural District">
Soveyseh Rural District

Soveyseh Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Soveyseh District, Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7,225, in 1,286 families. The rural district has 15 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36877584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877584" title="Jahad Rural District">
Jahad Rural District

Jahad Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,756, in 1,141 families. The rural district has 24 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36877605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877605" title="Karkheh Rural District">
Karkheh Rural District

Karkheh Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10,189, in 1,779 families. The rural district has 19 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36877618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877618" title="Flensburg-Jürgensby transmitter">
Flensburg-Jürgensby transmitter

Flensburg-Jürgensby transmitter was the first transmitter of Flensburg, situated in Jürgensby district. It went in service in 1928 and used, at its beginning, a quadruple T-antenna which was spun between two 60 metres tall wood lattice towers. These were 80 metres apart. In 1934 the transmission power was increased from 0.5 kW to 3 kW.
On March 15, 1935 the erection of a new 90 metres tall wood lattice tower started, which carried a skywave suppressing antenna. The new tower was inaugurated on April 9, 1935. In August 1935 the two lattice towers carrying the T-antenna were demolished.
Flensburg-Jürgensby transmitter was one of the few transmitters in Germany which worked at the end of World War II. and so the report of the unconditional surrender of the German military on May 8, 1945 was broadcast from there.
In 1957 the wooden radio tower was replaced by a 216 metres tall guyed tubular mast, which was insulated against ground as it was not able to carry the antenna for TV broadcasting on its top. As this mast was also used for mediumwave broadcasting, it was insulated against ground.
In 1988 construction of a new mast further east at Flensburg-Engelsby started, as the mast, which was situated in a housing area endangered people in winter by icefall and there was no space for expansion. Two years later the mast of Flensburg-Jürgensby transmitter was dismantled.

</doc>
<doc id="36877626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877626" title="Ramin Ibrahimov">
Ramin Ibrahimov

Ramin Ibrahimov (born 2 July 1978) is a visually impaired Paralympic judoka of Azerbaijan. In 2011 he received the Tereggi Medal by the Azerbaijani President. At the 2012 Summer Paralympics he won a gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36877630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877630" title="Tarrah Rural District">
Tarrah Rural District

Tarrah Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 9,450, in 1,522 families. The rural district has 19 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36877697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877697" title="Eve Uusmees">
Eve Uusmees

Eve-Mai Maurer (née Uusmees; born 27 December 1936) is an Estonian former breaststroke swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1958 European Aquatics Championships. She also competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics in the 200 m breaststroke but was eliminated in the preliminaries.
Maurer started training in gymnastics but around 1952 switched to swimming. Her name is usually given as Eve Uusmees, but she changed it to Maurer around 1960. During 1953–64 she competed for Estonian team and during 1956–62 for the Soviet Union team. She won five USSR titles: 100 m breaststroke (1960), 200 m breaststroke (1958–60) and 4×100 m medley (1958); in 1962 she finished second in the 100 m, and in 1956–57 she was third in the 200 m breaststroke. After retirement she worked as a swimming coach and administrator.

</doc>
<doc id="36877717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877717" title="2012 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup squads">
2012 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup squads

This article lists the squads for the 2012 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup, to be held in Japan. Each competing federation is allowed a 21-player squad, which had to be submitted to FIFA.
Group A.
Azerbaijan.
Coach: Sissy Raith
Colombia.
Coach: Fabian Taborda
Nigeria.
Coach: Peter Dedevbo
Canada.
Coach: Bryan Rosenfeld
Group B.
France.
Coach: Guy Ferrier
United States.
Coach: Albertin Montoya
Korea DPR.
Coach: Hwang Yong Bong
Gambia.
Coach: Buba Jallow
Group C.
Mexico.
Coach: Cristopher Cuellar
New Zealand.
Coach: Paul Temple
Japan.
Coach: Hiroshi Yoshida
Group D.
Uruguay.
Coach: Graciela Rebollo
Germany.
Coach: Anouschka Bernhard

</doc>
<doc id="36877773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877773" title="Biathlon at the 2014 Winter Olympics">
Biathlon at the 2014 Winter Olympics

Biathlon at the 2014 Winter Olympics was held at the Laura Biathlon & Ski Complex near Krasnaya Polyana, Russia. The eleven events took place between 8–22 February 2014.
For the first time ever, a mixed relay event was staged after being voted onto the Olympic program in 2011.
Competition schedule.
The following is the competition schedule for all eleven events.
All times are (UTC+4).
Medal summary.
Notably absent from the medals for biathlon in the 2014 Games were the German women who had won six medals in 2006 and five in 2010. The men's team meanwhile recovered from a poor Games in Vancouver to achieve two silver medals. France's women, who had won three medals in 2010, also missed the podium, as did Canada, despite some promising performances. Sweden's men were also expected to win a medal but they too missed out.
13 athletes went home with two or more medals with five athletes winning three medals each. Belarus's Darya Domracheva won three gold medals to be the most successful biathlete at the Games, while France's Martin Fourcade was the most successful male winning two gold and one silver medal. 2012/13 women's World Cup winner Tora Berger won a medal of each color, while team-mate Tiril Eckhoff won one gold and two bronze at her first Games. Czech athlete Ondřej Moravec won two silver and one bronze.
The biathlon portion was marred by German biathlete Evi Sachenbacher-Stehle's positive doping test. Sachenbacher-Stehle had finished fourth in both the mass start and the mixed relay but was disqualified from both events after testing positive for the banned substance methylhexanamine.
Qualification.
A total quota of 220 athletes were allowed to compete at the Games (113 men and 107 women). Countries were assigned quotas using a combination of the Nation Cup scores of their top 3 athletes in the individual sprint and relay competitions at the 2012 and 2013 World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36877782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877782" title="P. S. O'Hegarty">
P. S. O'Hegarty

Patrick Sarsfield O'Hegarty (, 29 December 1879 – 17 December 1955) was an Irish writer, editor and historian and a former member of the Supreme Council of the Irish Republican Brotherhood.
Life.
He was born at Carrignavar, County Cork, to John and Katherine (née Hallahan) Hegarty. His parents' families had emigrated to the United States after the famine, and his parents married in Boston. His father was a member of the IRB.
He was educated at North Monastery CBS, where he formed an enduring friendship with Terence MacSwiney. In 1888 his father died of tuberculosis, aged 42. Left destitute, his mother pawned her wedding ring to pay for an advertisement looking for work, and eventually became a cook.
He joined the postal service in Cork in 1897. Along with J. J. Walsh he played in the Head Post Office hurling team. He joined the IRB and represented Munster on the IRB Supreme Council. He started writing for Arthur Griffith's "United Irishman" and the "Shan van Vocht", a periodical established by Alice Milligan and Ethna Carbery.
He served at the main Postal Sorting Office in Mount Pleasant, London, from 1902 to 1913. Along with J. J. Walsh he spent three years at King's College, studying for the Secretary's Office. While O'Hegarty succeeded in his studies, Walsh did not, and returned to Ireland. O'Hegarty became the IRB representative for Southeast England and joined the Gaelic League and Sinn Féin, and became a strong advocate of the Irish language. In 1905, he was elected secretary of the local Dungannon Club, which drew in as members Robert Lynd, Herbert Hughes and George Cavan. In 1907, as Sinn Féin's London Secretary, he approved and signed the membership card of Michael Collins; he later became friend and mentor to Collins. He had to return to Ireland for a break due to overwork in 1909 and give up some of his work for the Gaelic League. However, he took over as editor of the IRB publication, "Irish Freedom". It was in this publication that he famously wrote, concerning the visit of King George V to Ireland in 1911: "Damn your concessions, England: we want our country!" In 1912, at the height of the Playboy riots, he wrote four articles entitled "Art and the Nation" in "Irish Freedom", which took a very liberal and inclusionist approach to Anglo-Irish literature and art in general, but invoked the wrath of many of the paper's readers.
In 1913 he was re-posted to Cobh as postmaster. He continued editing nationalist newspapers such as "Irish Freedom" (founded in 1910, it was suppressed in December 1914 on account of its seditious content) and "An tÉireannach" (1913) and joined the Irish Volunteers. At the outbreak of war he was moved to Shrewsbury, probably on account of his political activities. In 1915 he married Wilhelmina "Mina" Smyth, a schoolteacher and suffragist, and was then moved to Welshpool, Montgomeryshire. In the aftermath of the 1916 Rising, he was opposed to physical force. In 1918 he refused to take the British Oath of Allegiance and resigned his position in the Post Office.
O'Hegarty felt that the Abbey Theatre was "doing good for Ireland" and supported W. B. Yeats against attacks from Arthur Griffith and like-minded Nationalists. He opposed the extremist views of D. P. Moran, who sought a Roman Catholic Irish-speaking Ireland.
He was Secretary of the Irish Department of Post and Telegraphs from 1922 to 1945. He was elected a member of the Irish Academy of Letters in 1954.
His son, Seán ÓhÉigeartaigh, was a founder of the Irish-language publishing house Sáirséal agus Dill. His daughter Gráinne, a harpist, married Senator Michael Yeats, son of W. B. Yeats.
Legacy.
O’Hegarty’s papers were acquired by the Kenneth Spencer Research Library of Kansas University. This includes an outstanding collection of books, pamphlets and periodicals of W. B. Yeats.

</doc>
<doc id="36877803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877803" title="Rolandas Kalinauskas RK-7 Orange">
Rolandas Kalinauskas RK-7 Orange

The Rolandas Kalinauskas RK-7 Orange (also called the Muse, Fly and Bite) is a Lithuanian ultralight aircraft, designed and produced by Rolandas Kalinauskas, of Prienai. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft and has been noted for its very low price.
Design and development.
The RK-7 was designed to comply with the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight rules. It features a strut-braced high-wing, a single-seat enclosed cockpit under a bubble canopy, fixed tricycle landing gear and a single engine in pusher configuration.
The aircraft forward fuselage is made from welded steel with a wooden laminate covering in the cockpit area, with the tail boom made from aluminum tube. The tail surfaces are built up from aluminum tubing, strut-braced, covered in Dacron sailcloth and protected with a small tail skid. The wings are wooden and equipped with Junkers style ailerons. Its span wing has an area of . The standard engine available is the Rotax 503 two-stroke powerplant, although the Rotax 447 has also been used. The aircraft can be flown without the canopy fitted, if desired.
The RK-7 has been noted for its low retail price. In 2011 it was advertised at €11,000 for a complete aircraft and €6,500 for a kit.

</doc>
<doc id="36877815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877815" title="Diving at the 1962 Asian Games">
Diving at the 1962 Asian Games

Diving was contested at the 1962 Asian Games in Senayan Swimming Pool, Jakarta, Indonesia from August 29 to September 1, 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="36877823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877823" title="Tobias Graf">
Tobias Graf

Tobias Graf (born 17 March 1984 in Loßburg) is a Paralympic track cyclist for Germany. He has won medals at the 2004, 2008, and 2012 Summer Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36877840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877840" title="Brian O'Meara (Mullinahone hurler)">
Brian O'Meara (Mullinahone hurler)

Brian O'Meara (born 1973) is an Irish hurler who played as a left corner-forward for the Tipperary senior team.
O'Meara joined the team during the 1994 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement a decade later. During that time he won one Munster winners' medal and two National Hurling League winners' medals. O'Meara was denied an All-Ireland winners' medal in 2001 having been ruled out of the final for receiving a red card in the semi-final. 
At club level O'Meara is a one-time county club championship medalist plays with Mullinahone.

</doc>
<doc id="36877848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877848" title="Powerlifting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 75 kg">
Powerlifting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 75 kg

The men's 75 kg powerlifting event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was contested on 3 September at ExCeL London.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing world and Paralympic records were as follows.
Results.
Key: PR=Paralympic record; WR=World record; NMR=No marks recorded

</doc>
<doc id="36877853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877853" title="Liu Jiyuan">
Liu Jiyuan

Liu Jiyuan (劉繼元) (died in 992), was the last ruler of ancient China's Northern Han kingdom in its Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period. He was the grandson of Liu Min. He ruled Northern Han from 968 until 979, when he surrendered to the Song forces under Emperor Taizong of Song.

</doc>
<doc id="36877873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877873" title="Shake, Rattle &amp; Roll 14">
Shake, Rattle &amp; Roll 14

Shake, Rattle and Roll 14 : The Invasion is a 2012 science fiction horror film directed by Chito S. Roño. The film stars an ensemble casts including Dennis Trillo, Lovi Poe, Janice de Belen, Herbert Bautista, Paulo Avelino, Martin Escudero and Vhong Navarro.
The film was produced by Regal Entertainment, Inc. The film is an official entry in the Metro Manila Film Festival and the film's scheduled release is on December 25, 2012 in Philippine Cinemas nationwide. This fourteenth installment also serves as the "Most Independent" throughout the entire series for its sole director, Chito S. Roño.
This Installment features the comeback of Janice de Belen and Herbert Bautista which both starred in past Shake, Rattle and Roll installments, especially Shake, Rattle and Roll I which included both of them but in different episodes.
This is also the first time to have a horror film that is rated GP.
Plot.
Pamana.
Four cousins: an emigrant, narcissistic Myra (Janice de Belen), eloquent Faye (Arlene Mulach) & former clergyman Donald (Herbert Bautista) gather in their late uncle's house to get their inheritance of 5 million pesos each. Their uncle's butler told them if one of them dies within a month, his/her inheritance goes to the others. Each of them were given the responsibility of taking care of a comic book written by their uncle. The cousins show no interest to their comic books, except Donald, and throw it away. Meanwhile, their emigrant cousin was killed by Filomena, a malakat from one of his uncle's comics.
They returned to their uncle's house to find out the butler had died. When the clock struck midnight, the characters in the comics came to life. Donald, with help from Rosalda, the pianist ghost, had discovered there was an even stronger character, "Buboy ang Munting Diablo"/Buboy the Child Demon. Buboy kills them one by one. 
When morning came, it was only Myra and her daughter, Gladys, who survived. They rushed out of the house. When they got into a taxi, Myra's stepson, Filemon, follows and gives Myra four checks worth 5 million pesos each. It was actually Buboy who had impersonated Filemon who gave her the checks.
Lost Command.
Members of the Philippine Army's Special Unit 21 led by 1Lt. Bert Garces (Rommel Padilla) and MSgt. Martin Barrientos (Dennis Trillo) are sent on a mission to counter insurgencies in the remote jungles of Mindanao perpetrated by a certain Kapitan Baltog, leader of a lost command squad now known as Alsa Puersa.
Following the insurgents' trail, the group goes to Barangay Pototan where Barrientos meets Bunag (Makisig Morales), a local who claims "undead soldiers" were "recruiting" his father. An unexpected encounter leaves a third of the platoon missing including Garces as the insurgents abducted them. Barrientos decides to rescue Garces and the others, despite Corp. Upaon's (Paulo Avelino) suggestion to notify base and get back-up. Bunag volunteers to become the group's guide.
The group later encounters the blind Linda (Ella Cruz) in the forest and offers to lead them to her father, leader of a group fighting what she confirms to be zombies. Upaon voices his doubts, and could neither radio base nor convince Barrientos to go back. 1Pvt. Conde (Martin Escudero), meanwhile, voices his support of Barrientos' decision not to abandon their teammates so they push on ahead to a part of the forest that not even Bunag was familiar with. 
Linda's father (Ronnie Lazaro) turns out to be a zombie, and has been using his daughter to bring in the unsuspecting new "recruits". An undead Garces shows up, revealing he has retained his intellect and urges the remaining soldiers to join the "new army". Barrientos and his men put up a gallant but short-lived stand causing them to become captives.
Upaon manages to radio for back-up before being dragged away by a zombie as Barrientos regains consciousness and meets a zombified vigilante named Col. Rolando Palma (Roi Vinzon), revealing himself to be Kapitan Baltog and formed the Alsa Puersa which aims to replace the current army starting with the zombified Special Unit 21. Palma also explains he was zombified somehow due to tainted food provisions. Refusing to accept defeat after being surrounded by the undead, Barrientos manages to rescue Upaon after detonating a nearby cache. However, he is forced to euthanize Upaon who has begun to change after being forced to consume tainted meat.
Meanwhile, Conde narrowly escapes his zombified platoon and finds Barrientos. The two try to escape but get separated along the way. Conde ends up encountering a soldier who can seemingly change into a normal human, and the outcome is left unknown. Barrientos, on the other hand, encounters Linda's father who offers to help him escape in exchange for getting Linda out of the forest. He also explains the zombies are somehow unable to cross bodies of water, so he pushes Barrientos into a nearby river before being mauled by the zombie soldiers. Barrientos is found and rescued by an Army helicopter due to Upaon's earlier distress call.
As Barrientos recuperates in a military hospital ward, the nurse informs him that he is not the only survivor of his unit. Garces and Upaon are seen in the beds next to his, revealing that they too can morph. The ending scene shows a zombie soldier attacking a nurse.
Unwanted.
Hank (Vhong Navarro) & his pregnant girlfriend Kate (Lovi Poe) went to the mall to retrieve their gift for their parents to announce their engagement. Hank leaves Kate outside the gift shop to get their gift. As Hank began to retrieve his gift, a sudden explosion shook and destroyed the mall. 
Hank soon finds himself trapped in the mall's wreckage along with other survivors; Neil, Tom and his niece Ming. He was worried about Kate because they were separated and she's pregnant. He tries to wander around until Hank met many survivors, and tries to fight their way out of the mall. But they encountered something that was beyond humans, Aliens, that are trying to invade and conquer Earth. They helped each other together, but a few were killed. 
They struggled their way from floor to floor, battling and killing aliens until they saw Kate, tired and exhausted, and took her together with the other survivors. But of course, there's no heroes without villains, so the Aliens killed as many humans or survivors as they can, killing and sucking them in their Mothership. 
Hank and Kate went outside the mall and saw the chaos the Aliens brought. They can see the Aliens destroying buildings and killing humans, until Hank and Kate are the only ones left of their kind, the Humanrace. 3 Aliens appeared in front of them. The 3 leaders said to them that they were chosen to lead the new world, the new generation.
Ratings.
This film is rated GP all ages admitted.
This film is Graded A by The Cinema Evaluation Board

</doc>
<doc id="36877901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877901" title="Izetta Jewel">
Izetta Jewel

Izetta Jewel (November 24, 1883 – November 14, 1978) was an American stage actress, women's rights activist and politician. At the 1924 Democratic National Convention Jewel’s seconding speech for presidential nominee John W. Davis marked the first time a woman had addressed a major American political party convention.
Early life and stage career.
Izetta Jewel Kenney was born in Hackettstown, New Jersey, the daughter of Cornelius Cook and Elizabeth (née Denno) Kenney. Her father was a professional photographer and her mother an artist and early advocate of women's rights. Jewel received her education at the Henry C. de Mille School for Girls at Pompton Township, New Jersey, the East Greenwich Academy in East Greenwich, Rhode Island and a year's studies at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York City. She made her professional stage debut at Wilmington, North Carolina on May 14, 1900 in a summer stock production of Thomas Hardy’s "Tess of the d'Urbervilles".
Within two weeks of her debut the sixteen-year-old actress was offered the opportunity to replace the troup's recently departed lead actress as Fanny Le Grande in the their production of the Jules Massenet opera, "Sapho". Later that year she joined the Rowe-King Repertoire Company's tour of New England and the following year supported actress Katherine Rober in summer stock productions at Providence, Rhode Island before touring with the Bennett and Moulton Opera Company for the 1901–02 season.
On May 5, 1902, Jewel began a consecutive sixty-six week run with the Castle Square Stock Company in Boston, playing such roles as Marianne in "The Two Orphans," Polly Fletcher in "The Lost Paradise," Helen McFarland in "The Greatest Thing in the World" and Caroline Murat in "More Than Queen". During her time at the Boston Square Theatre Jewel also appeared in a number of Shakespearean productions such as "The Merchant of Venice" (Jessica), "The Taming of the Shrew" (Bianca), "Hamlet" (the Player Queen) and "As You Like It" (Celia). Her performance in the latter was particularly well received by Boston critics.
Over the following couple of seasons, Jewel toured in W. J. Thorold's "Near the Throne", co-starred with Richard Buhlar in a road production of "Paul Revere" and played opposite Charles Bradshaw in a vaudeville skit entitled "Fix in a Fix". Not long afterwards she joined the Pawtucket Theatre Stock Company in Rhode Island as a lead actress before forming the Jewel-Archer Stock Company in Salem, Massachusetts with actor Edward Archer. The following season she returned to repertoire with the Bennett-Moulton organization.
For the 1905–06 season, Jewel joined the Proctor Stock Company in New York City, where she was well received portraying Hugette in "If I Were King"; Stella Darbisher in "Captain Swift"; Florence Sherwood in "Northern Lights" and Antoinette De Mauban in "The Prisoner of Zenda".
On October 6, 1906, in the aftermath of the San Francisco earthquake, Jewel starred in the first production at the city’s new Colonial Theatre, as Clementina Fitzhugh in "The Man from Mexico." Upon her arrival in San Francisco in mid September, Jewel received the news that her father had been killed in a train-pedestrian accident shortly after she and her mother had left for California.
During her time at the Colonial Jewel’s most memorable roles were probably Oscar Wilde's "Salomé" and Pierre Burton’s "Zaza". Over the following two seasons she performed with the Bishop Stock Company in Oakland and the Baker Stock Company in Portland, Oregon. At the latter becoming something of a local celebrity by anointing her the first Rose Queen of the new Portland Rose Festival.
While in Portland, Otis Skinner's business manager, Joseph J. Buckley, saw Jewel play Ida Pipp in C. D. Gibson’s "The Education of Mr. Pipp", as a result, on January 3, 1910 she made her Broadway debut at the Garrick Theatre as Margaret Druce to Skinner's Lafayette Towers in the hit play, "Your Humble Servant".
The following season she played opposite Skinner in Charles Frohman’s production of "Sire" at the Criterion Theatre and in 1912 with James K. Hackett in "The Grain of Dust" also staged at the Criterion. Jewel next was engaged for several seasons as lead actress at The Poli’s Theatre on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington D.C. In 1913 the theater’s manager, Sylvester Poli, paid the Otis Lithograph Company of Ohio $3,250 for 1,000 prints of an eleven color lithograph of Jewel’s image; reportedly the most expensive lithograph ever produced up to that time.
Marriages.
Jewell left the stage after marrying Congressman William Gay Brown, Jr. at the Belvedere Hotel in Baltimore, Maryland on December 4, 1914. Brown, a lawyer, banker, livestock rancher and farmer from Kingwood, West Virginia, was nearly thirty years her senior. His death in 1916, just a few weeks after the birth of their daughter Izetta Jewel Gay Brown, left her an estate worth several millions.
Jewel married Hugh Miller on April 16, 1927 at a friend’s residence in Washington D. C. Miller had been a professor of engineering at George Washington University and by the time of their wedding was dean of the Engineering Department at Union College in Schenectady, New York. Her husband served in both World Wars with the U.S. Army attaining the rank of Lt. Colonel.
Politics.
On April 3, 1921 Jewel was among a delegation of fifty members of the National Woman's Party (NWP) that met with President Warren G. Harding urging his support to call a special session of congress to address discrimination against women. Three months later the NWP named Jewel as one their twenty-seven founding members in gratitude for her work and financial support. By 1922 Jewel was a leading figure behind the Women’s Committee of the American Farm Bureau Federation that lobbied for reforms to help improve the lot of rural farmers and their families. Two years later she became the first woman south of the Mason–Dixon line to win her party’s nomination for national office in a failed bid to represent West Virginia in the U.S. Senate. At the 1924 Democratic National Convention Jewel’s seconding speech (the first by a woman in both national parties) for presidential candidate John W. Davis captivated the usually distracted delegates for its eight-minute duration and was duly rewarded by a warm applause. In 1930 she was unable to unseat her incumbent Republican rival to represent New York's 30th congressional district and the following year she failed to win a seat in the New York Assembly. Jewel served as Commissioner of Public Welfare for Schenectady in 1932 and 1933. At one point she was jailed for ignoring a court order to reinstate a fired public employee. Ironical a judge later voided the contempt of court charge because he felt as a woman she did not fully comprehend the consequences of ignoring the court.
In 1935 Jewel was appointed Regional Director of Women’s Activities of the Works Progress Administration (WPA) overseeing women's relief projects in West Virginia, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Kentucky and Ohio.
Later life and achievements.
After the death of her first husband Jewel became a noted breeder of purebred milk cows in West Virginia. In 1928 she appeared in the first teleplay (see WGY Radio, Schenectady, NY) ever broadcast in America, playing the Russian spy in J. Hartley Manners’, "The Queen's Messenger". She was a tireless advocate of the League of Nations and had met the with the boy emperor Puyi during a trip to China and the Italian dictator Benito Mussolini while in Rome for a suffragette conference.
Jewel and her husband relocated to Southern California after the war years where she became a local radio personality on KCBQ in San Diego. In 1951 she was elected to the executive board of the newly formed American Women in Radio and Television organization. In 1958 she was invited to be a guest of honor at the Portland Rose Festival to commemorate the 50th anniversary of her coronation as Rose Queen.
Jewel remained active late into her life. She liked to take daily swims well into her eighties in the shores off her La Jolla home. The last few years of her life were spent at the Torrey Pines Convalescent Center in La Jolla where, on her 90th birthday, she was paid a visit by actors Helen Hayes and George C. Scott. Hayes performed with Jewel as a child actor and had long remained an admirer.
Jewel died in 1978, at the age of 95, in La Jolla.

</doc>
<doc id="36877926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877926" title="Azrag">
Azrag

Azrag (, also known as Azrak, Azrak-e Yek, Azraq, and Azraq Hashish) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 274, in 43 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36877936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877936" title="Azrak">
Azrak

Azrak () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36877951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877951" title="Liverpool Kirkdale by-election, 1898">
Liverpool Kirkdale by-election, 1898

The Liverpool Kirkdale by-election, 1898 was a parliamentary by-election held in England on 9 December 1898 for the House of Commons constituency of Liverpool Kirkdale.
Vacancy.
The seat had become vacant when the sitting Conservative Member of Parliament (MP), Sir George Baden-Powell had died on 20 November 1898, aged 50. He had held the seat since its creation for the 1885 general election, and had been re-elected with comfortable majorities at each of the three subsequent general elections.
Candidates.
Several names were floated as possible Conservative candidates for the seat. On 26 November, "The Times" newspaper reported that those being considered included:
The Liberal Party had already adopted as their candidate for the next election William Nelson, a ship-owner and Liverpool City Councillor.
By the time Kirkdale Conservative Association met on 29 November, the local executive committee had already sent a telegram to 40-year-old Austin Taylor, inviting to be their candidate. Taylor, who was president of the Laymen's League and son of the Archdeacon of Liverpool, had deferred his answer until the day of the meeting. At the meeting, the divisional council refused to be bound by the decision of their executive, and the names of David MacIver and John Houlding were also formally proposed.
After a discussion described by "The Times" as "long and animated", a substantial majority voted to select MacIver, a ship-owner whose father Charles had been manager of the Cunard Line from 1865 to 1897.
The Liberals met on 1 December, and lamented their lack of preparedness. Local ship-owner Sir Christopher Furness had been invited to stand, but declined. Another ship-owner, H. Bell, had also turned down a request, and the meeting rejected a proposal to adopt Thomas Snape, the former MP for Heywood.
The meeting decided to ask the Liberal whips in Westminster to suggest potential candidates, as a result of which an approach was made to Sir Spencer Walpole, who rejected the invitation.
"The Times" reported that several other unsuccessful approaches had been made. Kirkdale had a large Irish Nationalist population, so any candidate needed the support of both Liberals and Nationalists, but local councillor Thomas J. Flynn also refused to accept nomination despite an offer to meet all his election expenses.
Result.
By the time nominations closed on 9 December, the Liberals had still not chosen a candidate. MacIver was the only candidate nominated, so the poll had been scheduled for 15 December, but never took place. MacIver was returned unopposed. 
Aftermath.
MacIver was re-elected at the general elections in 1900 and 1906, and held the seat until his death in September 1907 caused another by-election.

</doc>
<doc id="36877956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877956" title="Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual – Class 4">
Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual – Class 4

The Women's individual table tennis – Class 4 tournament at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London took place from 30 August to 2 September 2012 at ExCeL Exhibition Centre. Classes 1-5 are for athletes with a physical impairment that affects their legs, and who compete in a sitting position. The lower the number, the greater the impact the impairment has on an athlete’s ability to compete.
In the preliminary stage, athletes competed in four groups of three. Winners of each group qualified for the semi-finals.
Results.
"All times are local (BST/UTC+1)"
Preliminary Round.
Group A.
30 August, 12:20
30 August, 20:40
31 August, 13:40
Group B.
30 August, 12:20
30 August, 20:40
31 August, 13:40
Group C.
30 August, 12:20
30 August, 20:40
31 August, 13:40
Group D.
30 August, 12:20
30 August, 20:40
31 August, 13:40

</doc>
<doc id="36877976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877976" title="Gobeyr-e Zahir">
Gobeyr-e Zahir

Gobeyr-e Zahir (, also Romanized as Gobeyr-e Zahīr; also known as Gobairé Zahiyeh, Goberḩīyeh, Gobeyr, and Gobeyr-e Zahīyeh) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 490, in 73 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36877990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36877990" title="Gobeyr (disambiguation)">
Gobeyr (disambiguation)

Gobeyr is a village in Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Gobeyr () may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36878010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878010" title="Gambueh-ye Bozorg">
Gambueh-ye Bozorg

Gambueh-ye Bozorg (, also Romanized as Gambū‘eh-ye Bozorg and Gombooehé Bozorg; also known as Gambū‘eh, Gonbū‘eh-ye Bozorg, and Qombū‘eh-ye Bozorg) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,846, in 312 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878020" title="Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual – Class 5">
Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual – Class 5

The Women's individual table tennis – Class 5 tournament at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London took place from 30 August to 2 September 2012 at ExCeL Exhibition Centre. Classes 1-5 were for athletes with a physical impairment that affected their legs, and who competed in a sitting position. The lower the number, the greater the impact the impairment was on an athlete’s ability to compete.
In the preliminary stage, athletes competed in four groups of three. Winners of each group qualified for the semi-finals.
Results.
"All times are local (BST/UTC+1)"
Preliminary Round.
Group A.
30 August, 17:20
31 August, 13:00
1 September, 09:00
Group B.
30 August, 17:20
31 August, 13:00
1 September, 09:00
Group C.
30 August, 18:00
31 August, 13:00
1 September, 09:00
Group D.
30 August, 18:00
31 August, 13:00
1 September, 09:00

</doc>
<doc id="36878038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878038" title="William Hastings-Bass, 17th Earl of Huntingdon">
William Hastings-Bass, 17th Earl of Huntingdon

William Edward Robin Hood Hastings-Bass, 17th Earl of Huntingdon, (born 30 January 1948), is an English peer, and former racehorse trainer to Queen Elizabeth II. Hastings-Bass is from an equestrian family. His father (Peter Hastings-Bass) and grandfather (Aubrey Hastings) were horse trainers, . Hastings-Bass's mother, Priscilla Hastings, was a racehorse owner herself and one of the first women admitted to membership of the Jockey Club. In August 1990, the 16th Earl of Huntingdon died without a direct heir. Hastings-Bass, the great-grandson of the 14th Earl, inherited the title. He was married to Susan Warner from 1989 to 2001. He is the maternal uncle of Clare Balding.
Career.
Hastings-Bass was educated at Winchester College and Trinity College, Cambridge. He started in horse training as assistant to Noel Murless and in Australia with Bart Cummings and Colin Hayes. He gained his trainer’s license in 1976.
From 1982 to 1998, he ran his yard at West Ilsley, Berkshire, having taken over from Dick Hern. Horses he trained include Ascot Gold Cup winners Indian Queen and Drum Taps. He retired from horse training in 1998, citing financial problems.
After retiring as the Queen’s racehorse trainer, he was made a Lieutenant of the Royal Victorian Order (L.V.O.) and has taken part in charity work, driving a lorryload of supplies to Bosnia and taking part in bike ride across Borneo and a safari in the Australian outback.

</doc>
<doc id="36878042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878042" title="Nina, the Flower Girl">
Nina, the Flower Girl

Nina, the Flower Girl is a lost 1917 silent film drama produced by D. W. Griffith through his Fine Arts Films and distributed by Triangle Film Corporation. The film starred Bessie Love, an up-and-coming ingenue actress. It also marked the final acting role for Elmer Clifton, who was by then moving on to directing full-time.

</doc>
<doc id="36878043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878043" title="Gambueh-ye Kuchek">
Gambueh-ye Kuchek

Gambueh-ye Kuchek (, also Romanized as Gambū‘eh-ye Kūchek, Gombooehé Koochak, and Gombū‘eh-ye Kūchek; also known as Qombu‘eh-ye Kūchak) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 359, in 57 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878049" title="Charles Rozoy">
Charles Rozoy

Charles Rozoy (born in Chenôve on 4 March 1987) is a Paralympic swimmer of France who won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the men's S8 100m butterfly.

</doc>
<doc id="36878071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878071" title="Gambueh">
Gambueh

Gambueh or Gombueh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36878093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878093" title="Cariño (song)">
Cariño (song)

"Cariño" (English: "Dear") is a song recorded by American singer Jennifer Lopez for her second studio album "J.Lo" (2001). It was released as a promotional single from the album.
Writing and production.
Lopez and her fellow writer Cory Rooney who she works closely with came up with the song "Cariño" during early studio recording sessions for "J.Lo". However, it took "forever" to develop, according to Lopez who stated: "I couldn't write it, Cory couldn't write it. We had other people try to write it. No one could write this damn song". Eventually, multiple people were brought in to contribute to the song's lyrics, including Manny Benito, Neal Creque, Jose Sanchez, Frank Rodriguez and Guillermo Edghill, Jr. While she was in Europe promoting "The Cell", Rooney called Lopez and told her he had finished writing the song, which he described as "sexy". Lopez "loved it", although slightly changed the chorus.
Composition.
"Cariño" is a heavily influenced bilingual Latin pop song which runs for a duration of four minutes and fifteen seconds (4:15). It was produced by Cory Rooney, Jose Sanchez, Guillermo Edghill, Jr. and Frank Rodriguez. Lopez recorded her vocals for the track with Robert Williams at the Sony Music Studios in New York City; the song was later mixed by Tony Maserati and mastered by Ted Jensen at the Sterling Sound Studios, New York City. Lopez stated that "Cariño" is a "cha-ca-inspired" "Latin-y pop track". She explained the term "Cariño" to mean "love and affection"; speaking of the lyrics, she stated: "It's when you touch and it's very affectionate. You can also call someone cariño. It's just a term of affection". The song is built around an interpolation of Cuban percussionist Mongo Santamaria's 1976 song "Sofrito". In the chorus for "Cariño", which includes several of Lopez's sexual "emotive cries", she tells her lover that she "gotta have" his love and needs to feel his touch, stating that she could "never get enough, cariño, cariño". Furthermore, the song contains horn and Mambo horn sections. Additionally, "Cariño" features a heavily Latin-influenced live rhythm section.
Critical response.
Joan Anderman of "The Boston Globe" described the song as "scintillating," stating: "Cariño, one of half a dozen tracks Lopez co-wrote, has real sex appeal – the pre-MTV variety that flows from a hot tangle of horns and a glistening mambo – and it infuses Lopez's singing with uncharacteristic passion". Jim Derogatis of "Chicago Sun-Times" praised it for showcasing Lopez's "Puerto rican heritage", while a writer from the "Contra Costa Times" described the song as "Latin-flavored" and "effective." Despite this, Craig D. Lindsey writing for "Houston Press", felt that Lopez "tries her best to be distinctive" when she "soothes her Latino listeners" with "Cariño." In a review of its parent album "J.Lo", a writer from the "Daily Nebraskan" stated that "Cariño" and "Si Ya Se Acabó" showcase Lopez's "definite talent."
Live performance.
During her Let's Get Loud concerts which took place in San Juan, Puerto Rico at the Roberto Clemente Coliseum (which was also her first concert), Lopez performed "Cariño". The heavily salsa and Latin influenced performance began with Lopez's male dancers. Lopez, clothed in a red dress, then emerges and performs the song, which includes a dance-break.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "J.Lo".

</doc>
<doc id="36878100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878100" title="Ghazban">
Ghazban

Ghazban (, also Romanized as Ghaẕbān and Ghazbān; also known as ‘Ashīreh-ye Qazbān) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 218, in 40 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878107" title="Horijeh">
Horijeh

Horijeh (, also Romanized as Ḩorījeh and Ḩarījeh) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 246, in 36 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878114" title="Hazbeh">
Hazbeh

Hazbeh (, also Romanized as Ḩazbeh) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 88, in 18 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878117" title="Kuheh-ye Do">
Kuheh-ye Do

Kuheh-ye Do (, also Romanized as Kūheh-ye Do) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 46, in 8 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878122" title="Kuheh-ye Yek">
Kuheh-ye Yek

Kuheh-ye Yek (, also Romanized as Kūheh-ye Yek; also known as Kūheh and Kūh Ha) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 166, in 26 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878131" title="Réal Bossé">
Réal Bossé

Réal Bossé is a Canadian actor from Quebec who performs mostly in francophone films and television. He won a Jutra Award in 2008 as Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in "Continental, a Film Without Guns" as well as a Gémeaux Award in 2011 for writing in the television series "19-2".

</doc>
<doc id="36878135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878135" title="Powerlifting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 82.5 kg">
Powerlifting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 82.5 kg

The men's 82.5 kg powerlifting event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was contested on 4 September at ExCeL London.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing world and Paralympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="36878136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878136" title="Kuheh">
Kuheh

Kuheh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36878141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878141" title="Maliheh-ye Yek, Ahvaz">
Maliheh-ye Yek, Ahvaz

Maliheh-ye Yek (, also Romanized as Malīḩeh-ye Yek) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 170, in 27 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878161" title="1965–66 FC Bayern Munich season">
1965–66 FC Bayern Munich season

The 1965–66 FC Bayern Munich season was the club's first season in Bundesliga.
Review and events.
Bayern Munich signed Ramiro Blacut, Dieter Danzberg, Günter Kaussen, Fritz Kosar, Kurt Kroiß, Hans Nowak, Hans Rigotti, Anton Vučkov and Hubert Windsperger. Otto Jaworski, Manfred Schwalm and Norbert Wodarzik left the club.
Squad information.
Squad and statistics.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="36878171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878171" title="Sharlene Royer">
Sharlene Royer

Sharlene Royer is Canadian actress from Montreal, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="36878173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878173" title="Lemon La Vida Loca">
Lemon La Vida Loca

Lemon La Vida Loca is a British spoof reality show created and written by, and starring, comedian Leigh Francis and actress Laura Aikman. The show's title is a parody of Ricky Martin's 1999 hit single "Livin' la Vida Loca".
The series follows the character of television personality Keith Lemon, capturing his home and work life, and everything in between. The series began airing on 2 August 2012 on ITV2, and concluded its first series on 23 August 2012. Whilst on "Let's Do Lunch with Gino & Mel", Lemon announced that a Christmas special of "Lemon La Vida Loca" would air in December. He confirmed this news on his Twitter page as well. A second series began airing on 6 June 2013. Aikman announced that she would not be returning to the show for the second series, but she did make an appearance on episode 1.
Episodes.
Series 2 (2013).
The second series began on 6 June 2013 at 10pm on ITV2.
Distribution.
The complete first and second series of "Lemon La Vida Loca" was released onto DVD on 18 November 2013 as a 3 disc set.

</doc>
<doc id="36878190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878190" title="Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual – Class 11">
Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual – Class 11

The Women's individual table tennis – Class 11 tournament at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London took place from 30 August to 3 September 2012 at ExCeL London. This class was for athletes with intellectual impairment.
In the preliminary stage, athletes competed in two groups of three. Top two in each group qualified for the semi-finals.
Results.
"All times are local (BST/UTC+1)"
Preliminary Round.
Group A.
30 August, 13:00
31 August, 11:00
31 August, 20:40
Group B.
30 August, 13:00
31 August, 11:00
31 August, 20:40

</doc>
<doc id="36878202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878202" title="Maliheh-ye Yek">
Maliheh-ye Yek

Maliheh-ye Yek () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36878206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878206" title="Di Centa">
Di Centa

Di Centa is a surname and it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36878210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878210" title="Jessa Anderson">
Jessa Anderson

Jessica Nicole "Jessa" Anderson (born September 4, 1985 "née", Fausch) is an American Christian singer-songwriter. In 2011, Anderson released the album entitled "Not Myself Anymore", her first full length studio album that was with the record label BEC Recordings. In 2014, Anderson released her independent label release "Whole".
Background and personal life.
Born Jessica Nicole "Jessa" Fausch on September 4, 1985, her parents are Timothy Alan and Deborah Lynn "Debra" Fausch ("née", McMahan). Anderson grew up in Troy, Michigan and Rochester, Michigan. In addition, Fausch has a younger brother Cory Alexander Fausch. Fausch met Jordan Michael Anderson while touring with her college band from Cedarville University, and soon thereafter transferred to Belmont University in Nashville, Tennessee to be closer to him, and pursue her musical career. In addition, Jordan is a musician himself, and he grew up in Des Moines, Iowa.
On August 14, 2005, Fausch married Jordan Michael Anderson, and became Jessa Anderson. Presently, they have a daughter Lorelei Jade, who was born on August 3, 2010. Also, they have a son Jagger Payne, who was born on March 10, 2013. They reside together in Nashville, Tennessee. Since 2011, the Anderson's have attended The Axis Church in Nashville, Tennessee, which is where her husband Jordan is the worship leader.

</doc>
<doc id="36878211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878211" title="Comedy Minus One">
Comedy Minus One

Comedy Minus One is an independent record label based in Princeton, New Jersey. It was founded in 2007 by Jon Solomon, who continues to run the label. Comedy Minus One picks up where an earlier Solomon label - My Pal God Records - left off, but with a more focused remit. The label, which takes its name from the 1973 Albert Brooks record of the same name, has so far concentrated on the output of a small group of post-hardcore and noise rock bands, but has also provided a distribution outlet for some previous releases.

</doc>
<doc id="36878216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878216" title="Gustav Freiherr von Liebenstein">
Gustav Freiherr von Liebenstein

Dipl.-Ing. Gustav Adolph Ludwig Wilhelm Freiherr von Liebenstein (25 April 1891 – 17 January 1967) was a highly decorated Kapitän zur See der Reserves in the Kriegsmarine during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="36878231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878231" title="Makari, Bombali">
Makari, Bombali

Makari is a village in Bombali District, Northern Province, of Sierra Leone, West Africa. It was the former headquarters of the Makari Gbanti chiefdom.

</doc>
<doc id="36878241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878241" title="Maliheh-ye Sadun">
Maliheh-ye Sadun

Maliheh-ye Sadun (, also Romanized as Malīḩeh-ye Sa‘dūn; also known as Malīḩeh-ye Do) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 321, in 53 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878247" title="Maliheh-ye Do">
Maliheh-ye Do

Maliheh-ye Do (, also Romanized as Māliḥeh-ye Do) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 57, in 9 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878254" title="Maliheh">
Maliheh

Maliheh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36878267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878267" title="Qaleh-ye Ghadir">
Qaleh-ye Ghadir

Qaleh-ye Ghadir (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Ghadīr and Qal‘eh-e Ghadīr; also known as Ghal‘ehé Ghadir) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 137, in 22 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878276" title="San Miguel del Vado Land Grant">
San Miguel del Vado Land Grant

The San Miguel del Vado Land Grant (also known as the San Miguel del Bado Land Grant) is one of the northern Spanish land grants in New Mexico. The original grant was lost, but a second grant was obtained by 58 men and their respective families on March 12, 1803. Two days later, the procedure was repeated at San José del Vado, three miles upstream from San Miguel, distributing farm land to an additional forty-seven heads of household, including two women. Fifty-three men had earlier submitted the petition, and were granted temporary possession on November 24, 1794, pending satisfaction of prescribed criteria. Thirteen of the original men who applied for the grant were genízaros, those Native Americans, captured or sold into slavery, some of whom had complained of poor conditions and were granted lands by the governor for farming, often to provide a buffer of protection for larger towns, such as Santa Fé, against enemies. In 1896, the Supreme Court ruled in "United States v. Sandoval" that the grant would be reduced from the surveyor general's estimated 315,000 acres, including common lands, to the little more than 5,000 acres then under private ownership.
History.
This land grant was in the vicinity of the Pecos River, below the Pecos Pueblo, which was eventually abandoned by the dwindling population of Native Americans, the remnants of which moved to Jemez Pueblo in 1838. A "vado" or "bado" is a word for a place where a river is forged. This vado was a meeting place for trade between the Plains and Pueblo tribes. It was a passage through the Sangre de Cristo Mountains for the Puebloan peoples of the Rio Grande valley to access the plains for buffalo hunting. It became the passage for the later Spanish explorers, "comancheros" and other frontier traders, "ciboleros" and other buffalo hunters, Indian fighters, the Santa Fe Trail, Civil War armies, and later still for the southern route of the transcontinental railroad.
In 1540, Pecos Pueblo (then known as "Cicuique") had been the only pueblo to send a delegation of about 20 men, led by Bigotes, to respond to Coronado's open invitation to the Pueblo Peoples to meet with him at the Zuni Pueblos ("Seis Ciudades de Cíbola") following his "Conquest of Cíbola". Bigotes' men were multilingual and traveled as traders, emissaries, and spies. They enticed Coronado to appoint Captain Hernando de Alvarado to further expeditions eastward. Under this guidance, the Spanish saw the Tiwa Pueblos of the Rio Grande valley. Then they ventured further to Bigotes' Cicuique pueblo on the Pecos river, and through the mountain passage below, to see the plains buffalo further east.
The first permanent Spanish settlement in northern New Mexico was led by Juan de Oñate in the summer of 1598. Oñate’s "pobladores" or colonists extended "El Camino Real de Tierra Adentro" over 600 miles, reaching the San Juan Pueblo (currently Ohkay Owingeh) in the Tewa province and establishing the Hispanic settlement of San Gabriel in the Tewa pueblo of Yunque on the Rio Grande. Oñate rewarded the "pobladores" with "encomiendas" or grants of Indian labor, for meritorious service, obligating these "encomenderos" to defend the Pueblos and provide them religious instruction. In return for these "services", Pueblo peoples were required to pay a tax, or ‘tribute.’ Prior to the Pueblo Revolt, Pecos was considered to be the richest "encomienda" due mainly to the procurement and export of buffalo hides from the plains. Pecos Pueblo had long been a hub for trade between Plains Indians to the east and the Pueblo peoples to the west. In 1583 the Chamuscado-Rodríguez party described Pecos Pueblo as the finest and largest of the pueblos seen by the party. Pecos Pueblo may have housed a garrison of ten Spanish soldiers and their family members from 1750 until the establishment of the San Miguel del Vado Grant.
In 1794, the San Miguel petition was submitted with the partial truth that this was a genízaro settlement, in order to provide more viable argument for attaining the grant. The site was described as being about 20 miles downstream and southeast of Pecos pueblo, where the trail to the plains crossed the river, with sufficient space for both the petitioners and some of the more destitute residents of the province.
The criteria to be met by the grantees were as follows:
First. That the tract aforesaid has to be in common, not only in regard to themselves, but also to all the settlers who may join them in the future. Second. That with respect to the dangers of the place, they shall have to keep themselves equipped with firearms, and bows and arrows, in which they shall be inspected as well at the time of settling as at any time the alcalde head government official in office may deem proper, provided that after two years settlement all the arms they have must be firearms, under the penalty that all who do not comply with this requirement shall be sent out of the settlement. Third. That the plaza they may construct shall be according as expressed in their petition; and in the mean time they shall reside in the pueblo of Pecos, where there are sufficient accommodations for the aforesaid fifty-two families. Fourth. That to the alcalde in office in said pueblo they shall set apart a small, separate piece of these lands for him to cultivate for himself at his will, without their children or successors making any objection thereto; and the same for his successor in office. Fifth. That the construction of their plaza, as well as the opening of acequias ditches, and all other work that may be deemed proper for the common welfare, shall be performed by the community with that union which in their government they must preserve.
The boundaries were described as:
in the north the "Río de la Vaca" from the place called La "Ranchería" to "El Agua Caliente"; in the south "El Cañón Blanco"; in the east "La Cuesta" and "Los Cerritos de Bernal"; and in the west the place commonly called "El Gusano" (South San Isidro).
Following a period of about 20 years of development to meet the grant requirements, individual parcels of land were allotted by don Pedro Bautista Pino in the name of Governor Chacón's verbal order of March 12, 1803. Pino measured the total distance along the river that was under irrigation with the aid of his assistant José Miguel Tafoya. After setting aside a portion of land for grazing their livestock and sheep as commons and additional land for future inhabitants to cultivate under oversight of the justice of the precinct, the remainder was divided by the number of families to obtain the number of "suertes" or chances, and heads of families drew lots for their "repartos" or shares, which they were not allowed to sell for a period of ten years. Two days later, he repeated a similar procedure at the settlement of San José del Vado, three miles upstream from San Miguel, distributing farm land to an additional forty-five men and two women as heads of household. On March 30, 1803 Governor Fernando Chacón approved the grant.
The San Miguel settlers had finished their church by 1811, and in 1812 the Pecos Pueblo priest moved to San Miguel. San Miguel's population now outnumbered the declining Pecos Pueblo which was suffering from Hispanic encroachment of their land and Comanche raids. Following the Mexican War of Independence which ended in 1821, San Miguel del Bado became the administrative headquarters for the northeastern plains region of New Mexico with the election of an "ayuntamiento" or town council. In 1827 a detachment of Santa Fe "presidio" (the only formal presidio in New Mexico in the Mexican period) soldiers stationed at San Miguel classified as a separate company for protection against Indians and to reduce Santa Fe Trail smuggling and import tax evasion. In order to pacify hostile Plains Indians, soldiers were regularly provided with lances, firearm parts and trinkets for gifts. Bishop José Antonio Laureano de Zubiría, the first bishop to visit New Mexico in 72 years, visited the San Miguel church in 1833, describing it as "utterly deprived" and noted that "this parish church lacks even the most essential things for the celebration of the divine mysteries." The customs house was moved from Santa Fe to San Miguel in 1835. This military protection encouraged permanent settlement of the Las Vegas grant. The expansion of the increasing population of San Miguel into areas further south along the Pecos River and into areas of northeastern New Mexico (such as Las Vegas, Sapello, and Ocate) was also supported in an 1831 petition to the governor by José Francisco Leyba, the parish priest of San Miguel. He also included the observation that losses of cattle and sheep growers suffered under Indians would be lessened if Las Vegas became a permanent settlement with occasional military protection. The Las Vegas grant was completed between 1835 and 1838.
During the Mexican–American War in 1846 General Kearny's forces followed the Santa Fe Trail below Bent's Fort to invade and establish a U.S. provisional government of New Mexico. Prior to reaching Santa Fe, he gave speeches from house-tops in Las Vegas, Tecolote and San Miguel, absolving the people from their allegiance to governor Manuel Armijo and Mexico. He promised protection of life, property and religion to all who would peacably submit to the United States government, and death for those who would resist. After leaving Tecolote, the following events within the San Miguel del Vado land grant, as well as some occurring five years earlier during the 1841 Texas Santa Fe Expedition, were described.
Having marched twenty miles, we encamped within about six miles of San Miguel, near a small rancho, where we found plenty of water, wood, and fine grass for our animals. On the 16th, after a progress of six miles, we arrived at San Miguel, situated on the river Pecos, and famous as being the place near which the Texan army under command of Gen. McLeod, fell into the hands of Gen. Salezar and Gov. Armijo, in 1841. Here again Gen. Kearny, assembling the citizens of the place, as usual, on the terraced roof of some spacious building, delivered to them a stern, sententious speech, absolving them from any further allegiance to the Mexican government. When the general was about to compel them to swear fealty to our government on the sacred cross, the Alcalde and Priest objected. The general inquired the grounds of their objection. They replied, that the oath he required them to take would virtually render them traitors to their country, a sin of which they disdained to be guilty. Gen. Kearny having promised protection to their persons and property, as to other citizens of the United States, and also having threatened to subvert the town unless they should submit, they were at length induced to take the oath.
The army having proceeded about ten miles farther, encamped on the Pecos, near San José. Here the water was excellent, but the grass was indifferent. Bold springs of delicious water gush from the rocks. During the night of the 16th, while we were encamped at San José, the picket guard placed out by Col. Doniphan, took the son of the Mexican general, Salezar, prisoner. He was a spy, and was held in custody until our arrival at Santa Fé, where he was afterwards set at liberty. This prisoner's father, Gen. Salezar is the same detestable wretch who captured the Texans near Anton Chico and San Miguel, and treated them with such wanton cruelty and inhumanity.
Two other Mexican soldiers were made prisoners the same night. On the morning of the 17th, these last mentioned prisoners were by order of Gen. Kearny conducted through our camps and shown our cannon. They were then suffered to depart, and tell their own people what they had seen. To color and exaggerate accounts is a truly Mexican characteristic. They therefore returned to their comrades in arms, representing our number at 5,000 men, and declaring we had so many pieces of cannon, that they could not count them. This highly colored account of our strength, no doubt spread dismay through their ranks, and increased the desertions from Armijo's standard, which were already going on to an extent well calculated to alarm him.
Donaciano Vigil had, over a 25-year military career, advanced from private to eventually become captain and company commander of the San Miguel del Bado militia. He had participated in the capture of the Texas Santa Fe expedition, and was the officer who protested against governor Armijo's order to disband the troops he had positioned at Apache Canyon to resist Kearny's approaching forces.
In April 1849 the Santa Fe native Father Ramón Ortiz y Miera, who had earlier voted against ratifying the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo as a member of the Mexican congress, arrived in New Mexico from Chihuahua in the capacity of commissioner for repatriation of families wishing to emigrate to Mexico. He reported that upon his arrival in San Miguel del Vado, the people of the town submitted 900 requests for repatriation assistance out of a total of only 1,000 families. His statement read, "they preferred to lose all rather than belong to a government in which they had fewer guarantees and were treated with more disregard than the African race." The U.S. provisional government, represented by Governor John M. Washington and Secretary Donaciano Vigil, responded to this report of potential depopulation by officially discouraging all New Mexicans from emigration, and appropriating the function of obtaining petition signatures from potential emigrants. They prohibited Father Ortiz from further solicitations.
Annual Report of the Dept. of the Interior (1887).
Summary report is as follows:
No. 119.—San Miguel del Bado; Lorenzo Marquez "et al". Preliminary survey, 315,300.80 acres. The grant was made to fifty-two persons whose names are specified, and distribution was made in the act of judicial possession among fifty-eight heads of families. The surveyor-general finds the grant valid and recommends confirmation to the heirs and legal representatives of the persons named in the distribution. In reference to quantity, he states that it was not the practice of the Spanish government to make grants of large tracts of land at the date of this concession. I find upon examining the allotments that the whole area to which title was given to the fifty-eight persons was 61 acres, being a house and garden lot for each. The cultivable and grazing lands were common. I have recommended confirmation to the extent only of the land reduced by grantees to their actual use and occupancy, to be ascertained by additional evidence and survey.
The report "San Miguel Del Bado" to Honerable L. Q. G. Lamar, Secretary of the Interior, May 13, 1887 under the section "New Mexico Private Land Claims," follows verbatim:
I have the honor to transmit herewith for submission to Congress the supplementary report dated December 6, 1886, in duplicate, of the surveyor-general for New Mexico, on the private-land claim known as the San Miguel del Bado, reported No. 119.
Under date of November 13, 1879, Surveyor-General Atkinson in a report upon this claim approved the grant to "the heirs, legal representatives, and assigns of Lorenzo Marquez as grantee, to whom it is recommended it be confirmed by Congress."
A preliminary survey of this claim was made in the year 1879 and covers an area of 315,300.80 acres.
Surveyor-General Julian in his supplementary report recommends "the confirmation of the grant to the heirs and legal representatives of Lorenzo Marquez for themselves and in trust for the heirs and legal representatives of the several heads of families referred to in the distribution specified."
Upon an examination of the record in the case, which consists of copies of alleged originals, it is found that under date of March 18, 1857, Faustin Baca y Ortiz (juez de paz), for and in the name of the inhabitants of the settlements of La Cuesta, San Miguel, Las Mulas, El Pueblo, Puertecito, San José, el Gasano y Bernal, filed his notice with the surveyor-general of New Mexico claiming title to a tract of land within said Territory under an alleged grant from the governor of New Mexico, dated November 25, 1794, to Lorenzo Marques and fifty-one others. The boundaries of said grant are "on the north El Rio do la Baca desde a donde llaman la Rancheria hasta el agua Caliente, on the south El Cañon Blanco, on the east La Cuesta con los cerritos de Bernal, and on the west el paraje que comúnmente llaman el Guzano."
On November 25, 1794, Governor Chacon directed the principal alcalde of the town of Santa Fé, Antonio José Ortiz, to execute the grant as requested, so that they, their children and successors may have, hold, and possess the same, in the name of His Majesty, at the same time observing the conditions and requisites required in such cases and especially that relative to not injuring third parties.
On November 26, 1794, Antonio José Ortiz, in company with two witnesses and the fifty-two petitioners, informed them of the conditions upon which the grant was made and proceeded to place them in possession of the land solicited, giving the boundaries as described in their petition.
On March 12, 1803, Pedro Bantista Pino, justice of second vote of the town of Santa Fé and its jurisdiction, by verbal order of Colonel Fernando Chacon, governor of New Mexico, proceeded to the settlement "for the purpose of distributing the lands which are under cultivation to all the individuals who occupy said settlement, and having examined the aforesaid cultivated land I measured the whole of it from north to south, and then proceeded to lay off and divide the several portions with the concurrence of all the parties interested until the matter was placed in order according to the means myself and the parties interested deemed the best adapted to the purpose, in order that all should be satisfied with their possessions, although said land is very much broken on account of the many bends in the river. And after the portions were equally divided in the best manner possible, I [he caused them to draw lots, and each individual drew his portion and the number of varas contained in each one portion was set down, as will appear from the accompanying list, which contains the number of the individuals who reside in this precinct, amounting to the number of fifty-eight families, between whom all the land was divided, excepting only the portion appertaining to the justice of this precinct, as appears by the possession given by the said governor; and another small surplus portion which by the consent of all is set aside for the benefit of the blessed souls in purgatory on the condition that the products are to be applied annually to the payment of three masses, the certificates for which are to be delivered to the alcalde in office of said jurisdiction.
"And after having made the distribution I proceeded to mark out the boundaries of said tract from north to south, being on the north a hill situated at the edge of the river above the mouth of the ditch which irrigates said lands, and on the south the point of the hill of Pueblo and the valley called Temporales, a large portion of land remaining to the south, which is very necessary for the inhabitants of this town who may require more land to cultivate, which shall be done by the consent of the justice of said town who is charged with the care and trust of this matter, giving to each one of those contained in the list the amount he may require and can cultivate; and after having completed all the foregoing I caused them all to be collected together and notified them that they must each immediately erect mounds of stone on the boundaries of their land so as to avoid disputes; and I also notified them that no one was privileged to sell or dispose of their and until the expiration of ten years from this date, as directed by said governor, who, if he be so pleased, will certify his proper approval at the foot of this document, of which a copy shall remain in this town and the original be deposited in the archives where it properly belongs," &c.
On March 30, 1803, Governor Chacon approved the action of the justice in the following terms:
"By virtue of what has been done by Pedro Pino, senior justice of second vote of this capital town of Santa Fé, concerning the distribution of lands made in the name of His Majesty to the residents of the new town of El Bado known as San Miguel, I declare the aforesaid residents of El Bade the lawful owners thereof, approving and confirming the possession given by said senior justice Pedro Pino and in order that it may so appear in all time," &c.
This list of individuals who occupied the town of San Miguel del Bado del Rio do Pecos comprises some 58 persons, opposite whose names is stated the number of varas assign to each.
Assuming that the persons were placed in possession of square tracts the aggregate number of square varas would be about 353,000 or about 61 acres.
These allotments of land were situate on the Pecos river—with the following boundaries: "On the north a hill situated at the edge of the river above the mouth of the ditch which irrigates said lands, and on the south the point of the hill of Pueblo and the valley called Temporales."
At the time this grant was made it was not the practice of the Spanish government to make grants of such large tracts of land.
I am of the opinion that the survey of this grant is grossly in excess of the quantity granted. I would respectfully suggest that in the event of the confirmation of this claim by Congress it be limited to the extent of the land reduced to actual possession and occupancy, to be ascertained by additional evidence and survey.
"United States v. Sandoval" (1896).
Malcolm Ebright provides the following introduction for this case.
When the inhabitants of the village asked the surveyor general for confirmation of the grant, he recommended that the entire grant be confirmed. Later the General Land Office commissioner recommended that only the occupied lands on the grant should be confirmed, which would mean the rejection of the common lands—the bulk of the land within the grant. But when the Court of Private Land Claims took the opposite view and confirmed the entire grant, the government immediately appealed the decision to the Supreme Court.
The May 24, 1897, Supreme Court ruling in for "United States v. Sandoval" was summarized as follows. "Under the laws of the Indies lands not actually allotted to settlers remained the property of the king, to be disposed of by him or by those on whom he might confer that power; and as, at the date of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, neither the municipalities nor the settlers within them, whose rights are the subject of controversy in these suits, could have demanded the legal title of the former Government, the Court of Private Land Claims was not empowered to pass the title to either, but it is for the political department [ Congress ] of the Government to deal with any equitable rights which may be involved." The ruling thus reduced the size of the grant from over 300,000 acres with the common lands of the municipality included, to the little more than the 5,000 acres then under private ownership.
The case was heard by the Supreme Court during its October term in 1896, under Chief Justice Fuller with associate justices Field, Harlan, Gray, Brewer, Brown, Shiras, White, and Peckham. The petition was filed in the Court of Private Land Claims by Julian Sandoval and others from eight villages (La Cuesta, San Miguel, Las Mulas, El Pueblo, Puerticita, San José, El Gusano, and Bernal) within the 315,000 acres bounded within the grant requested for confirmation. The land was alleged to have been granted by Governor Fernando Chacón on November 25, 1794 to Lorenzo Marguez in the name of fifty-one men accompanying him. Copies of the governor's decree on that date, and of reports by the officiating alcalde Oritiz dated November 26, 1794 and by the more recent alcalde Pino, in 1893. Also submitted were a report made to Congress on November 13, 1879, and a survey made of the tract, July 26, 1880, with a statement that no action has been taken by Congress either to confirmation of rejection of the grant.
The petitioners claimed to have settled the grant in accordance with its contracted terms and had continued as a municipal corporation, embracing all of the land within the exterior boundaries of the grant, up to the time that the New Mexico Territory was ceded to the United States, and that the said tract was granted in common, not only to the petitioners, but to all other settlers who might join them in the future. They argued further that the grant had since been occupied by the original settlers, their descendents and assigns, and others who have become part of that settlement within its exterior boundaries, and "has always been recognized as being a concession made to the town or settlement of San Miguel del Bado and all other settlers who might join them in the future... to be held and used by them in common, except as to such parts and portions as from time to time have been set apart in severalty in individual settlers thereon. That they have managed and controlled the lands of said grant by and through committees, appointed in popular assemblies... since their said municipal corporation, under the laws of Spain and Mexico, was abandoned. ...That the said individuals herein named as petitioners are the present duly authorized committee of the settlers on the said grant, and make this petition for and in behalf of themselves and all other settlers within the exterior boundaries of said grant."
The United States answered that "this plaintiff, if entitled to confirmation of anything, is entitled to confirmation only of that portion which he actually occupied and possessed under said grant, and that all the portion of said land which had not been subjected in 1846 to actual occupancy and cultivation is, and of right ought to be, public domain."
Chief Justice Fuller, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court and answered the following question. Did the fee to lands embraced within the limits of the pueblo and intended for community use continue to remain in the sovereign or did it pass to the pueblo? The existence of this power of control and disposition as to municipal lands in the supreme Spanish and then Mexican authority was shown by further references, and various acts of Congress were cited as enacted in view "of this state of the Spanish law and the unquestioned power lodged in the King of Spain to exercise unlimited authority over the lands assigned to a town and undisposed of and not the subject of private grant, to all of which rights the United States succeeded as successor of the King of Spain and the government of Mexico." and, citing "Grisar v. McDowell", "...limited right of disposition and use was in all particulars subject to the control of the government of the country." At all events, unallotted lands were subject to the disposition of the government. ...the Court of Private Land Claims was not empowered to pass the title... It is for the political department to deal with the equitable rights involved.
Again, Ebright adds the following commentary to the above ruling.
This was an important test case for the government, for if the common lands of this grant were rejected, hundreds of thousands—perhaps millions—of acres of other community grant common lands not yet adjudicated would also belong to the government, not to the land grant heirs. ...holding that the common lands belonged to the government of the United States... It appears that the Supreme Court was in error on this point of Spanish and Mexican law... After the 1897 Sandoval decision, the land claims court rejected the common lands of every community grant that came up for adjudication.
Ebright also argues with respect to northern New Mexico land grants, that legal precedents in support for common lands as property of local communities, separate and apart from property of the Spanish crown or Mexican government, was well supported by archival information that was available at the time of this ruling, but was collected and collated by historians and legal experts (to include himself) only in the aftermath of this and other related rulings.

</doc>
<doc id="36878285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878285" title="Shobeliyeh">
Shobeliyeh

Shobeliyeh (, also Romanized as Shobelīyeh; also known as Shobeylīyeh and Shobeylīyeh-ye Do) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 339, in 62 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878286" title="Onalea Gilbertson">
Onalea Gilbertson

Onalea Gilbertson is a Canadian actress, voice artist and singer from Calgary, Alberta. She is well known for working with Blue Water Studios, doing voice-over work on the English dubs of anime. Among her notable credits are Chandi and Hinoki Sai in "Betterman", Ceres in "Ceres, Celestial Legend", Nastasha in "Mobile Fighter G Gundam", Nina Wang in "My-Otome", and Moonbay in "".
Onalea was married to fellow actor and musician, Doug McKeag. They both produce concerts for Symphony Orchestras through their company Dandi Productions.
She is often credited as Kris Rundle or Kris Hamil.
External Links.
http://www.nymf.org/module-ShowManager-display-sid-1968.html==External links==

</doc>
<doc id="36878297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878297" title="Sadreh-ye Seyyed Yaqub">
Sadreh-ye Seyyed Yaqub

Sadreh-ye Seyyed Yaqub (, also Romanized as Şadreh-ye Seyyed Ya‘qūb; also known as Sadreh, Sadrehé Yek, Sadreh-ye Yek, Sedreh-ye Yek, and Seyyed Ya‘qūb) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 95, in 22 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878304" title="Geraldine Morgan">
Geraldine Morgan

Geraldine Morgan (born July 22, 1981) is a Chilean professional female bodybuilder.

</doc>
<doc id="36878311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878311" title="List of museums in Slovakia">
List of museums in Slovakia

This is a list of museums in Slovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="36878315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878315" title="Matroid oracle">
Matroid oracle

In mathematics and computer science, a matroid oracle is a subroutine through which an algorithm may access a matroid, an abstract combinatorial structure that can be used to describe the linear dependencies between vectors in a vector space or the spanning trees of a graph, among other applications.
The most commonly used oracle of this type is an independence oracle, a subroutine for testing whether a set of matroid elements is independent. Several other types of oracle have also been used; some of them have been shown to be weaker than independence oracles, some stronger, and some equivalent in computational power.
Many algorithms that perform computations on matroids have been designed to take an oracle as input, allowing them to run efficiently without change on many different kinds of matroids, and without additional assumptions about what kind of matroid they are using. For instance, given an independence oracle for any matroid, it is possible to find the minimum weight basis of the matroid by applying a greedy algorithm that adds elements to the basis in sorted order by weight, using the independence oracle to test whether each element can be added.
In computational complexity theory, the oracle model has led to unconditional lower bounds proving that certain matroid problems cannot be solved in polynomial time, without invoking unproved assumptions such as the assumption that P ≠ NP. Problems that have been shown to be hard in this way include testing whether a matroid is binary or uniform, or testing whether it contains certain fixed minors.
Why oracles?
Although some authors have experimented with computer representations of matroids that explicitly list all independent sets or all basis sets of the matroid, these representations are not "succinct": a matroid with formula_1 elements may expand into a representation that takes space exponential in formula_1. Indeed, the number of distinct matroids on formula_1 elements grows doubly exponentially as
from which it follows that any explicit representation capable of handling all possible matroids would necessarily use exponential space.
Instead, different types of matroids may be represented more efficiently from the other structures from which they are defined: uniform matroids from their two numeric parameters, graphic matroids, bicircular matroids, and gammoids from graphs, linear matroids from matrices, etc. However, an algorithm for performing computations on arbitrary matroids needs a uniform method of accessing its argument, rather than having to be redesigned for each of these matroid classes. The oracle model provides a convenient way of codifying and classifying the kinds of access that an algorithm might need.
History.
Starting with , "independence functions" or "formula_5-functions" have been studied as one of many equivalent ways of axiomatizing matroids. An independence function maps a set of matroid elements to the number formula_6 if the set is independent or formula_7 if it is dependent; that is, it is the indicator function of the family of independent sets, essentially the same thing as an independence oracle.
Matroid oracles have also been part of the earliest algorithmic work on matroids. Thus, , in studying matroid partition problems, assumed that the access to the given matroid was through a subroutine that takes as input an independent set formula_5 and an element formula_9, and either returns a circuit in formula_10 (necessarily unique and containing formula_9, if it exists) or determines that no such circuit exists. used a subroutine that tests whether a given set is independent (that is, in more modern terminology, an independence oracle), and observed that the information it provides is sufficient to find the minimum weight basis in polynomial time.
Beginning from the work of 
, researchers began studying oracles from the point of view of proving lower bounds on algorithms for matroids and related structures. These two papers by Hausmann and Korte both concerned the problem of finding a maximum cardinality independent set, which is easy for matroids but (as they showed) harder to approximate or compute exactly for more general independence systems represented by an independence oracle. This work kicked off a flurry of papers in the late 1970s and early 1980s showing similar hardness results for problems on matroids and comparing the power of different kinds of matroid oracles.
Since that time, the independence oracle has become standard for most research on matroid algorithms. There has also been continued research on lower bounds, and comparisons of different types of oracle.
Types of oracles.
The following types of matroid oracles have been considered.
Relative power of different oracles.
Although there are many known types of oracles, the choice of which to use can be simplified, because many of them are equivalent in computational power. An oracle formula_15 is said to be "polynomially reducible" to another oracle formula_16 if any call to formula_15 may be simulated by an algorithm that accesses the matroid using only oracle formula_16 and takes polynomial time as measured in terms of the number of elements of the matroid; in complexity-theoretic terms, this is a Turing reduction. Two oracles are said to be "polynomially equivalent" if they are polynomially reducible to each other. If formula_15 and formula_16 are polynomially equivalent, then every result that proves the existence or nonexistence of a polynomial time algorithm for a matroid problem using oracle formula_15 also proves the same thing for oracle formula_16.
For instance, the independence oracle is polynomially equivalent to the circuit-finding oracle of . If a circuit-finding oracle is available, a set may be tested for independence using at most formula_1 calls to the oracle by starting from an empty set, adding elements of the given set one element at a time, and using the circuit-finding oracle to test whether each addition preserves the independence of the set that has been constructed so far. In the other direction, if an independence oracle is available, the circuit in a set formula_10 may be found using at most formula_1 calls to the oracle by testing, for each element formula_26, whether formula_27 is independent and returning the elements for which the answer is no. The independence oracle is also polynomially equivalent to the rank oracle, the spanning oracle, the first two types of closure oracle, and the port oracle.
The basis oracle, the circuit oracle, and the oracle that tests whether a given set is closed are all weaker than the independence oracle: they can be simulated in polynomial time by an algorithm that accesses the matroid using an independence oracle, but not vice versa. Additionally, none of these three oracles can simulate each other within polynomial time. The girth oracle is stronger than the independence oracle, in the same sense.
As well as polynomial time Turing reductions, other types of reducibility have been considered as well. In particular, showed that,
in parallel algorithms, the rank and independence oracles are significantly different in computational power. The rank oracle allows the construction of a minimum weight basis by formula_1 simultaneous queries, of the prefixes of the sorted order of the matroid elements: an element belongs to the optimal basis if and only if the rank of its prefix differs from the rank of the previous prefix. In contrast, finding a minimum basis with an independence oracle is much slower: it can be solved deterministically in formula_29 time steps, and there is a lower bound of formula_30 even for randomized parallel algorithms.
Algorithms.
Many problems on matroids are known to be solvable in polynomial time, by algorithms that access the matroid only through an independence oracle or another oracle of equivalent power, without need of any additional assumptions about what kind of matroid has been given to them. These polynomially-solvable problems include:
Impossibility proofs.
For many matroid problems, it is possible to show that an independence oracle does not provide enough power to allow the problem to be solved in polynomial time. The main idea of these proofs is to find two matroids formula_36 and formula_37 on which the answer to the problem differs and which are difficult for an algorithm to tell apart. In particular, if formula_36 has a high degree of symmetry, and differs from formula_37 only in the answers to a small number of queries, then it may take a very large number of queries for an algorithm to be sure of distinguishing an input of type formula_36 from an input formed by using one of the symmetries of formula_36 to permute formula_37.
A simple example of this approach can be used to show that it is difficult to test whether a matroid is uniform. For simplicity of exposition, let formula_1 be even, let formula_36 be the uniform matroid formula_45, and let formula_37 be a matroid formed from formula_36 by making a single one of the formula_48-element basis sets of formula_36 dependent instead of independent. In order for an algorithm to correctly test whether its input is uniform, it must be able to distinguish formula_36 from every possible permutation of formula_37. But in order for a deterministic algorithm to do so, it must test every one of the formula_48-element subsets of the elements: if it missed one set, it could be fooled by an oracle that chose that same set as the one to make dependent. Therefore, testing for whether a matroid is uniform may require
independence queries, much higher than polynomial. Even a randomized algorithm must make nearly as many queries in order to be confident of distinguishing these two matroids.
queries, where formula_57 denotes the automorphism group of formula_36, formula_59 denotes the family of sets whose independence differs from formula_36 to formula_37, and formula_62 denotes the subgroup of automorphisms that maps formula_59 to itself. For instance, the automorphism group of the uniform matroid is just the symmetric group, with size formula_64, and in the problem of testing uniform matroids there was only one set formula_59 with formula_66, smaller by an exponential factor than formula_64.
Problems that have been proven to be impossible for a matroid oracle algorithm to compute in polynomial time include:
Among the set of all properties of formula_1-element matroids, the fraction of the properties that do not require exponential time to test goes to zero, in the limit, as formula_1 goes to infinity.

</doc>
<doc id="36878317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878317" title="Sadreh">
Sadreh

Sadreh or Sedrah () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36878330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878330" title="Powerlifting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 90 kg">
Powerlifting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 90 kg

The men's 90 kg powerlifting event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was contested on 4 September at ExCeL London.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing world and Paralympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="36878334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878334" title="Shahrak-e Azadi, Ahvaz">
Shahrak-e Azadi, Ahvaz

Shahrak-e Azadi (, also Romanized as Shahraḵ-e Āzādī) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 100, in 14 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878341" title="Shahrak-e Azadi">
Shahrak-e Azadi

Shahrak-e Azadi () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36878362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878362" title="Seyyed Hoseyn Musavi">
Seyyed Hoseyn Musavi

Seyyed Hoseyn Musavi (, also Romanized as Seyyed Ḩoseyn Mūsavī) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 758, in 126 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878371" title="Seyyed Sharif, Ahvaz">
Seyyed Sharif, Ahvaz

Seyyed Sharif (, also Romanized as Seyyed Sharīf) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 70, in 14 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878372" title="Seyyed Sharif (31°18′ N 48°25′ E), Ahvaz">
Seyyed Sharif (31°18′ N 48°25′ E), Ahvaz

Seyyed Sharif (, also Romanized as Seyyed Sharīf) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 81, in 17 families.

</doc>
<doc id="36878385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878385" title="Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual – Class 6">
Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual – Class 6

The Women's individual table tennis – Class 6 tournament at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London took place from 30 August to 3 September 2012 at ExCeL Exhibition Centre. Classes 6–10 were for athletes with a physical impairment who competed from a standing position; the lower the number, the greater the impact the impairment was on an athlete’s ability to compete.
In the preliminary stage, athletes competed in two groups of four. Top two in each group qualified for the semi-finals.
Results.
"All times are local (BST/UTC+1)"
Preliminary Round.
Group A.
30 August, 12:20
30 August, 12:20
30 August, 20:00
31 August, 18:40
31 August, 18:40
Group B.
30 August, 12:20
30 August, 12:20
30 August, 20:40
31 August, 18:40
31 August, 18:40

</doc>
<doc id="36878402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878402" title="Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual – Class 7">
Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual – Class 7

The Women's individual table tennis – Class 7 tournament at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London took place from 30 August to 3 September 2012 at ExCeL Exhibition Centre. Classes 6–10 are for athletes with a physical impairment who compete from a standing position; the lower the number, the greater the impact the impairment was on an athlete’s ability to compete.
In the preliminary stage, athletes competed in two groups of four. Top two in each group qualified for the semi-finals.
Results.
"All times are local (BST/UTC+1)"
Preliminary Round.
Group A.
30 August, 16:40
30 August, 16:40
31 August, 13:00
31 August, 19:20
31 August, 19:20
Group B.
30 August, 16:40
30 August, 16:40
31 August, 13:00
31 August, 19:20
31 August, 19:20

</doc>
<doc id="36878403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878403" title="Coenraad Breytenbach">
Coenraad Breytenbach

Coenraad Lodewyk Breytenbach (born Middelburg, 10 November 1970) is a former South African rugby league and Russian rugby union player. He represented South Africa at rugby league in the 2000 Rugby League World Cup and Russia in rugby union.
Playing career.
Breytenbach played rugby union for the Northern Transvaal Blue Bulls and was tipped to eventually play for the Springboks.
Between 1996 and 1998 Breytenbach played for the Northern Transvaal Bulls in the Super 12 competition.
In 2000, Breytenbach was part of the South African squad at the Rugby League World Cup. He played in one match at five eighth, scoring a try against Tonga.
In 2001 Breytenbach played for the Blue Bulls in the Currie Cup.
In 2002 he played in an European Nations Cup match for Russia against Georgia along with two other South African born players, sparking a protest from Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="36878407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878407" title="Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual – Class 8">
Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual – Class 8

The Women's individual table tennis - Class 8 tournament at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London took place from 30 August to 3 September 2012 at ExCeL London. Classes 6–10 were for athletes with a physical impairment who competed from a standing position; the lower the number, the greater the impact the impairment was on an athlete’s ability to compete.
In the preliminary stage, athletes competed in two groups of four. Top two in each group qualified for the semi-finals.
Results.
"All times are local (BST/UTC+1)"
Preliminary Round.
Group A.
30 August, 09:40
30 August, 09:40
30 August, 18:40
31 August, 16:00
31 August, 16:00
Group B.
30 August, 09:40
30 August, 09:40
30 August, 19:20
31 August, 16:00
31 August, 16:00

</doc>
<doc id="36878410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878410" title="Haystack Dam">
Haystack Dam

Haystack Dam (National ID # OR00287) is a dam in central Oregon, about ten miles south of Madras.
The earthen dam was constructed in 1957 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, with a height of 105 feet and 1200 feet long at its crest. It serves as an offstream storage facility as part of the larger Deschutes Project, which also includes the Crane Prairie Reservoir and the Wickiup Reservoir. The dam is owned by the Bureau and operated by the local North Unit Irrigation District.
The reservoir it creates, Haystack Reservoir, has a water surface of 233 acres, about five linear miles of shoreline, and a maximum capacity of 5,600 acre-feet. Recreation includes fishing (for largemouth bass, crappie, rainbow trout, kokanee, brown trout, and brown bullhead), camping, boating, and hunting.

</doc>
<doc id="36878416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878416" title="Seyyed Sharif">
Seyyed Sharif

Seyyed Sharif () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36878421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878421" title="Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual – Class 9">
Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual – Class 9

The Women's individual table tennis – Class 9 tournament at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London took place from 30 August to 3 September 2012 at ExCeL Exhibition Centre. Classes 6–10 were for athletes with a physical impairment who competed from a standing position; the lower the number, the greater the impact the impairment was on an athlete’s ability to compete.
In the preliminary stage, athletes competed in two groups of four. Top two in each group qualified for the semi-finals.
Results.
"All times are local (BST/UTC+1)"
Preliminary Round.
Group A.
30 August, 11:00
30 August, 11:00
31 August, 09:00
31 August, 17:20
31 August, 17:20
Group B.
30 August, 11:00
30 August, 11:00
31 August, 09:40
31 August, 17:20
31 August, 17:20

</doc>
<doc id="36878426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878426" title="Shartaq-e Do">
Shartaq-e Do

Shartaq-e Do (, also Romanized as Shartāq Do and Shartāq-e Do; also known as Sharţāq) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 250, in 42 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878431" title="Shartaq-e Yek">
Shartaq-e Yek

Shartaq-e Yek (, also Romanized as Shartāq-e Yek) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 173, in 32 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878432" title="Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual – Class 10">
Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual – Class 10

The Women's individual table tennis – Class 10 tournament at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London took place from 30 August to 3 September 2012 at ExCeL Exhibition Centre.
In the preliminary stage, athletes competed in two groups of four. Top two in each group qualified for the semi-finals.
Results.
"All times are local (BST/UTC+1)"
Preliminary Round.
Group A.
30 August, 13:40
30 August, 13:40
31 August, 11:40
1 September, 09:40
1 September, 09:40
Group B.
30 August, 13:40
30 August, 13:40
31 August, 11:40
1 September, 10:20
1 September, 10:20

</doc>
<doc id="36878435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878435" title="The American (1927 film)">
The American (1927 film)

The American, aka The Flag Maker (1927) is a lost silent film western directed by J. Stuart Blackton and starring Bessie Love and Charles Ray. 
Apparently the film, made in the experimental widescreen process Natural Vision, developed by George K. Spoor and P. John Berggren, was never released theatrically. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878451" title="Shartaq">
Shartaq

Shartaq () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36878460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878460" title="Toveybeh-ye Sheykh Hatam">
Toveybeh-ye Sheykh Hatam

Toveybeh-ye Sheykh Hatam (, also Romanized as Ţoveybeh-ye Sheykh Ḩātam; also known as Ţove'ībeh) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 185, in 41 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878472" title="Shi Shouxin">
Shi Shouxin

Shi Shouxin (石守信) (928–984) was a military general in imperial China, first serving the Later Zhou during the last years of the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period, and later the Song Dynasty.
Career under Later Zhou.
Shi Shouxin first followed Guo Wei who founded the Later Zhou in 951. During Guo's early reign, Shi became an inspector-in-chief (都虞候) of the imperial guard (親衛). After the Battle of Gaoping against the Northern Han in 954, Shi was promoted to first commandant (第一軍都校) of the left imperial guard. After the siege of Taiyuan he was promoted to left and right commandant of the cavalry.
Career under Song.
After Later Zhou was overthrown by the Song Dynasty, Emperor Taizu of Song made him a "jiedushi". Later, he and Gao Huaide defeated Li Yun's rebellion, and he ordered the thousands of surrendered soldiers all executed. He also defeated Li Chongjin's rebellion.

</doc>
<doc id="36878488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878488" title="Powerful goshawk">
Powerful goshawk

The Powerful Goshawk ("Accipiter efficax"), also referred to as the Greater New Caledonian Goshawk, is an extinct species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family. It was endemic to the island of New Caledonia in Melanesia in the south-west Pacific region. It was described from subfossil bones found at the Pindai Caves paleontological site on the west coast of Grande Terre. The specific epithet comes from the Latin "efficax" (powerful) because of its large size and robust legs.

</doc>
<doc id="36878510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878510" title="Tennis at the 1962 Asian Games">
Tennis at the 1962 Asian Games

Tennis was contested at the 1962 Asian Games in Senayan Tennis Stadium, Jakarta, Indonesia. Tennis had doubles and singles events for men and women, as well as a mixed doubles competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36878516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878516" title="Hassan Saab">
Hassan Saab

Hassan Saab (born 15 October 1922) is a Lebanese diplomat and political scientist.
Works.
Though most of Saab's work has been published in Arabic, some work is available in English:

</doc>
<doc id="36878627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878627" title="ALTIBASE HDB">
ALTIBASE HDB

ALTIBASE HDB is a relational database management system manufactured by Altibase Corporation.
Features.
ALTIBASE HDB is a so-called "hybrid DBMS", meaning that it simultaneously supports access to both memory-resident and disk-resident tables via a single interface. It is compatible with Solaris, HP-UX, AIX, DEC, Linux, and Windows.
It supports the complete SQL-92 standard, features MVCC (Multi-Version Concurrency Control), implements Fuzzy and Ping-Pong Checkpointing for periodically backing up memory-resident data, and ships with Replication and Database Link functionality.
Application Development Interfaces.
ALTIBASE HDB includes the following application development interfaces:

</doc>
<doc id="36878692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878692" title="Kurt Kuenne">
Kurt Kuenne

Kurt Kuenne is an award-winning American filmmaker and composer. He has directed a number of short and feature films, including "Rent-a-Person", the YouTube film "Validation", described as "a romantic epic in miniature" and the documentary "".
Life.
Kuenne grew up in Northern California, and began making films aged 7 on Super 8 film and later video. He studied film at University of Southern California's School of Cinema-Television, where he made "Remembrances" (1995) and was awarded the Harold Lloyd Scholarship in Film Editing. Kuenne then studied film composing, but returned to directing with feature "Scrapbook" (1999). In 2002 he was awarded an Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Nicholl Fellowship in Screenwriting for a script titled "Mason Mule".
"Validation".
"Validation" (2007), written, directed, and scored by Kuenne, was distributed through Gay Hendricks's Spiritual Cinema Circle and is a short film about a parking attendant (played by T.J. Thyne) who dispenses advice to his customers. It won Best Short Grand Prize at the 2007 Heartland Film Festival, and The Independent Film Critic rated it A+. It has received over 8 million YouTube views.
"Dear Zachary".
Kuenne's documentary "" (2008), about the murder of his childhood friend Andrew Bagby,
"Shuffle".
His latest feature film "Shuffle" (2011) again stars T.J. Thyne, playing a man who finds his life running out of sequence. It won the Jury Award for Best Feature at the 17th Stony Brook Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="36878699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878699" title="List of heritage sites in Albany, South Africa">
List of heritage sites in Albany, South Africa

This is a list of the heritage sites in Albany as recognised by the South African Heritage Resource Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="36878700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878700" title="List of heritage sites in Graaff-Reinet">
List of heritage sites in Graaff-Reinet

This is a list of the heritage sites in Graaff-Reinet as recognised by the South African Heritage Resources Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="36878701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878701" title="List of heritage sites in Port Elizabeth">
List of heritage sites in Port Elizabeth

This is a list of the heritage sites in Port Elizabeth as recognized by the South African Heritage Resources Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="36878715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878715" title="List of heritage sites in Eastern Cape">
List of heritage sites in Eastern Cape

This is a list of the heritage sites in Eastern Cape as recognized by the South African Heritage Resource Agency. For performance reasons some districts have been split off from this list:

</doc>
<doc id="36878717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878717" title="Curt Rechel">
Curt Rechel

Curt Rechel (1 December 1902 – 10 August 1973) was a highly decorated Kapitän zur See in the Kriegsmarine during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. ZG 3 Hermes, under the command of Rechel, sank the British submarine HMS "Splendid" on 21 April 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36878719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878719" title="List of heritage sites in Free State">
List of heritage sites in Free State

This is a list of the heritage sites in Free State as recognized by the South African Heritage Resource Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="36878725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878725" title="List of heritage sites in Gauteng">
List of heritage sites in Gauteng

This is a list of the heritage sites in Gauteng as recognized by the South African Heritage Resource Agency 

</doc>
<doc id="36878727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878727" title="List of heritage sites in KwaZulu-Natal">
List of heritage sites in KwaZulu-Natal

426
This is a list of the heritage sites in KwaZulu-Natal as recognized by the South African Heritage Resource Agency. For performance reasons, the following district has been split off from this page: 

</doc>
<doc id="36878734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878734" title="List of heritage sites in Pietermaritzburg">
List of heritage sites in Pietermaritzburg

This is a list of the heritage sites in Pietermaritzburg as recognized by the South African Heritage Resources Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="36878735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878735" title="Supermodels Hall of Fame">
Supermodels Hall of Fame

Supermodels Hall of Fame is a website created by Linda Morand

</doc>
<doc id="36878737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878737" title="List of heritage sites in Limpopo">
List of heritage sites in Limpopo

This is a list of the heritage sites in Limpopo as recognised by the South African Heritage Resources Agency. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878739" title="List of heritage sites in Mpumalanga">
List of heritage sites in Mpumalanga

This is a list of the heritage sites in Mpumalanga as recognized by the South African Heritage Resources Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="36878754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878754" title="List of heritage sites in North West">
List of heritage sites in North West

This is a list of the heritage sites in the North West province of South Africa, as recognized by the South African Heritage Resources Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="36878755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878755" title="Gao Huaide">
Gao Huaide

Gao Huaide (高懷德) ( 926 – 982) was a general in ancient China, first in the Later Zhou military and later in the Northern Song military.
Gao Huaide's father Gao Xingzhou was a general in the Later Zhou military. In 944, just 18 years old, Gao Huaide accompanied his father in resisting the invasion by the Liao forces from the north. In Qicheng (near today's Puyang, Henan Province), his father was surrounded by the Liao forces and with no aid in sight, Gao Huaide fought a way out and saved his father on his horseback.
In 957, the Later Zhou military tried to invade Shouchun (in today's Shou County, Anhui Province) which was occupied by Southern Tang kingdom. At night, Gao Huaide and a few men went across the Huai River for reconnaissance and in the morning caught a Southern Tang soldier who provided important information. When Emperor Shizong of Later Zhou watched the battle from a height, he noticed a general who fought many enemies by himself, even taking the spear from the enemy's hands. He was informed that was Gao Huaide.
When Later Zhou was overthrown by the Song Dynasty, Emperor Taizu of Song arranged for Gao Huaide to marry his younger sister, Princess Chang of Yan Kingdom. Along with Shi Shouxin, Gao Huaide defeated Li Yun's rebellion.

</doc>
<doc id="36878758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878758" title="List of heritage sites in Victoria West">
List of heritage sites in Victoria West

This is a list of the heritage sites in Victoria West as recognised by the South African Heritage Resources Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="36878761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878761" title="List of heritage sites in Colesberg">
List of heritage sites in Colesberg

This is a list of the heritage sites in Colesberg as recognised by the South African Heritage Resource Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="36878762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878762" title="List of heritage sites in Kimberley">
List of heritage sites in Kimberley

This is a list of the heritage sites in Kimberley as recognised by the South African Heritage Resource Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="36878763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878763" title="List of heritage sites in Richmond, Northern Cape">
List of heritage sites in Richmond, Northern Cape

This is a list of the heritage sites in Richmond, Northern Cape as recognized by the South African Heritage Resource Agency. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878766" title="List of heritage sites in Northern Cape">
List of heritage sites in Northern Cape

This is a list of the heritage sites in as recognized by the South African Heritage Resources Agency. For performance reasons, the following districts have been split off:

</doc>
<doc id="36878770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878770" title="Rojas Magallanes metro station">
Rojas Magallanes metro station

Rojas Magallanes is an elevated metro station on the Line 4 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. The station has two side platforms and two tracks on a precast concrete segmental viaduct with single central columns. It is enclosed in a tubular structure with elliptical cross section, from which protrude two balcony-like structures containing stairs that lead to the mezzanine level.

</doc>
<doc id="36878778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878778" title="List of heritage sites in Western Cape">
List of heritage sites in Western Cape

This is a list of the heritage sites in as recognized by the South African Heritage Resource Agency. 
For performance reasons, the following districts have been split off:

</doc>
<doc id="36878779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878779" title="List of heritage sites in Paarl">
List of heritage sites in Paarl

This is a list of the heritage sites in Paarl as recognized by the South African Heritage Resource Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="36878780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878780" title="List of heritage sites in Simonstown">
List of heritage sites in Simonstown

This is a list of the heritage sites in Simonstown as recognized by the South African Heritage Resources Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="36878781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878781" title="List of heritage sites in Stellenbosch">
List of heritage sites in Stellenbosch

This is a list of heritage sites in Stellenbosch as recognized by the South African Heritage Resource Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="36878782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878782" title="List of heritage sites in Swellendam">
List of heritage sites in Swellendam

This is a list of the heritage sites in Swellendam as recognized by the South African Heritage Resources Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="36878783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878783" title="List of heritage sites in Table Mountain">
List of heritage sites in Table Mountain

This is a list of the heritage sites in Table Mountain as recognized by the South African Heritage Resources Agency. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878784" title="List of heritage sites in the Cape">
List of heritage sites in the Cape

This is a list of the heritage sites in the Cape as recognized by the South African Heritage Resources Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="36878785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878785" title="List of heritage sites in Tulbagh">
List of heritage sites in Tulbagh

This is a list of the heritage sites in Tulbagh, Western Cape as recognized by the South African Heritage Resources Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="36878786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878786" title="List of heritage sites in Worcester, Western Cape">
List of heritage sites in Worcester, Western Cape

This is a list of the heritage sites in Worcester, Western Cape as recognised by the South African Heritage Resources Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="36878787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878787" title="List of heritage sites in Wynberg, Cape Town">
List of heritage sites in Wynberg, Cape Town

This is a list of the heritage sites in Wynberg, Cape Town, as recognized by the South African Heritage Resources Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="36878795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878795" title="Howard Bryant">
Howard Bryant

Howard Bryant (born November 25, 1968) is an American author, sports journalist, radio and television personality. He writes weekly columns for ESPN.com and "ESPN The Magazine", ESPN, and appears regularly on ESPN Radio. He is a frequent panelist on "The Sports Reporters" and since 2006 has been the sports correspondent for "Weekend Edition" with Scott Simon on "National Public Radio".
Journalism career.
A native of Boston, Bryant began his career in 1991 with the "Oakland Tribune" covering sports and technology, before moving to the "San Jose Mercury News" from 1995 to 2001. In San Jose, Bryant covered the telecommunications industry before returning to sports to cover the Oakland Athletics. He then reported for the "Bergen Record" from 2001 to 2002, covering the New York Yankees, before joining the "Boston Herald" as a columnist from 2002 to 2005. Bryant left the "Herald" for the "Washington Post", where he covered the Washington Redskins from 2005 to 2007. He joined ESPN in August 2007.
Books.
In 2002, Bryant published his first book, "Shut Out: A Story of Race and Baseball in Boston," which won the Casey Award for the best baseball book of 2002 and was a finalist for the Society for American Baseball Research's Seymour Medal. In 2005, he published 
"Juicing the Game: Drugs, Power, and the Fight for the Soul of Major League Baseball," which was "New York Times" Notable Book of 2005. "The Last Hero: A Life of Henry Aaron" was published in 2010, which also won the Casey Award and was a "New York Times Notable Book" of 2010.
2011 arrest.
On February 26, 2011, Bryant was arrested in Buckland, Massachusetts on charges including domestic assault and resisting arrest. He was released on $5,000 bail later that day, and plead not guilty to assaulting his wife, Veronique. On May 27, 2011, charges against Bryant were dropped. An agreement signed by Bryant attorney Buz Eisenberg and prosecutor Jeremy C. Bucci stated that "a review of the evidence does not support the witness allegations that Bryant struck and choked his wife or inflicted violence upon her."

</doc>
<doc id="36878798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878798" title="Education Law Association">
Education Law Association

The Education Law Association (ELA) is a professional organization composed of school and university administrators, professors, and attorneys, for the purpose of interdisciplinary dialogue regarding legal issues in education. This is accomplished through seminars, webinars, an annual conference, and the highest quality monographs and books, some of which are popular graduate textbooks. Members receive special pricing on most products and also receive monthly and quarterly updates, access to an online searchable case database of summaries of cases in education law, and other products and services not available to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="36878807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878807" title="Monic Pérez">
Monic Pérez

Monic Marie Pérez Díaz (born February 1, 1990 in Bayamón) is a Puerto Rican model and beauty pageant titleholder. She represented Arecibo municipality at Miss Universe Puerto Rico 2013.
Early Life.
Monic was born on February 1, 1990 in Bayamón, Puerto Rico, the oldest of three children, and moved to New York as a teenager. After high school she moved to Arecibo, Puerto Rico where she attended University of Puerto Rico, Arecibo campus, majoring in Nursing.
Miss Universe Puerto Rico 2013.
On August 29, 2012 Monic represented Arecibo at the Miss Universe Puerto Rico 2013 pageant where she beat out 31 other contestants and won the title, gaining the right to represent Puerto Rico at Miss Universe. She also won the awards of Miss Photogenic, Payless Best Catwalk and Best Body, respectively.
Miss Universe 2013.
Monic represented Puerto Rico at the 62nd annual Miss Universe competition on November 9, 2013 vying to succeed outgoing titleholder Miss Universe 2012, Olivia Culpo of USA, eventually finishing in the Top 16. The eventual winner was Gabriela Isler of Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="36878816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878816" title="Angkor Wat (band)">
Angkor Wat (band)

Angkor Wat was an American Thrash metal band from Corpus Christi, Texas. Named after the Hindu-then-Buddhist temple complex, they were forerunners of the hardcore punk scene that emerged from Corpus Christi in the mid-eighties.
History.
Angkor Wat was formed by Adam Grossman, Danny Lohner, Dave Nuss, Dave Brinkam and Mike Trevino. Mike Titsworth joined the band after Mike T. left the group, with the former two being the core of the band. Their energetic live performances along with their unique blend of thrash metal and hardcore punk landed the band a deal with Metal Blade Records, under which they released two albums. A third album was recorded under the name Angkor Wat, but due to the stylistic difference from the band's previous work Lohner opted to release it as Skrew's debut.
Aftermath.
In 1990, Adam Grossman and Danny Lohner relocated to Austin and continued their musical partnership under the name Skrew, a project that had industrial music leanings. Lohner later became known for his collaborations with acts such as Trent Reznor, Rob Zombie, Marilyn Manson, and A Perfect Circle.

</doc>
<doc id="36878825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878825" title="Ed McCants">
Ed McCants

Edward "Ed" McCants (born August 2, 1981) is an American basketball player. He is best known for his All-American college career at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, where he led the Panthers to the school's first Sweet 16 appearance in the 2005 NCAA Basketball Tournament.
College career.
A 6'3" shooting guard from Marion Catholic High School in Marion, Ohio, first committed to Northwestern. He played the 2000–01 season for the Wildcats, but was dismissed prior to his sophomore campaign after getting into an altercation with some local residents. He spent the 2002–03 season attending and playing for Paris Junior College, then was recruited to Milwaukee by coach Bruce Pearl.
At Milwaukee, McCants led the Panthers to their first two Horizon League regular season championships in 2004 and 2005, earning first team all-conference honors both years. As a junior in 2003–04, McCants paired with Dylan Page to propel Milwaukee to a 20-11 record and a berth in the 2004 National Invitation Tournament. He averaged 17.1 points, 3.5 rebounds and 2.0 assists per game.
With the departure of Page the next season, McCants became the focal point of the offense. He responded by averaging 17.4 points per game and leading the Panthers to a 26-6 season and winning both regular season and conference tournament titles. Making the 2005 NCAA tournament, McCants led the 12 seed Panthers to a first round upset over fifth seeded Alabama. McCants scored 21 points in the 83-73 victory. In the second round, the Panthers knocked out 4 seed Boston College with McCants scoring 18, leading the program to its first Sweet 16 in its history. At the close of the season, McCants was named Horizon League Player of the Year and an Associated Press honorable mention All-American.
Professional career.
After the completion of his college career, McCants participated in the NBA Portsmouth Invitational Tournament but went undrafted. McCants was selected by the Arkansas RimRockers in the 2005 NBA Development League Draft, He did play professionally in the International Basketball League (for the Grand Rapids Flight and Battle Creek Knights Uruguay, Bulgaria, with stints in Italy and Hungary between 2006 and 2008.
Ed McCants Co-Founder of "Hidden Gems AAU Program" (2005, currently the active Vice President assists aspiring high school athletes prepare for college. Providing a structured summer workout coined "Summer is Serious" McCants aims to provide Marion, Ohio with a enhanced sense of tradition and pride for young hoopsters. Since the start of the "Hidden Gems" program has assisted more than 100 basketball players in landing college athletic scholarships. McCants has since began expanding the "Hidden Gems" success into the Northwest Ohio area.

</doc>
<doc id="36878856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878856" title="Macanao Peninsula">
Macanao Peninsula

The Macanao Peninsula is a geographic peninsula landform, that forms the western end of the Isla Margarita in the Caribbean Sea, in northern Venezuela.
It is also a Venezuelan municipality, the Municipality of Macanao Peninsula ("Municipio Península de Macanao"), in the state of Nueva Esparta. The municipal seat is Boca de Río.
Geography.
The peninsula is connected to the rest of Isla Margarita by a thin strip of land in Laguna de la Restinga National Park. Sixty years ago, it was an island. 
The peninsula has an area of , rising from sea level to at the peak of Cerro Macanao.
A ridge of high land runs along the peninsula from east to west. The main east-west crest is sharp and narrow.
The mountains are smaller than in Maragarita, but are much more rugged, with many steep-sided valleys cutting through the mountain sides. 
The more remote beaches can only be reached via dirt roads.
The climate of Margarita as a whole is hot and tropical, with little rainfall. The Macanao peninsula is particularly arid and dry. In the 1950s, the mountains in the central range were forested up to about .
Vegetation today is mainly open cactus-chaparral, with deciduous forests in the seasonal riverbeds.
The mean average temperature is , and mean annual rainfall is . Trade winds blow from the northeast, so rainfall is highest on the northern side.
Geology.
Macanao Peninsula is relatively newly formed. In the northern part of the peninsula, littoral deposits from the early Pleistocene form a terrace high made of a sandy marl that contains the bivalves "Lyropecten arnoldi". In the south, a littoral terrace high dates to the mid Pleistocene, and calcareous clays from the Late Pleistocene form a terrace high. There are many raised beaches from the Holocene.
The highlands of the peninsula contain amphibolite and eclogite mafic rocks which, like tholeiitic metabasalt, are similar to the rocks found both on island arcs and on mid-ocean ridges.
People.
Admiral Garcia Álvarez de Figueroa, governor of Margarita Province between 1626 and 1630, was known for his enjoyment of the trade in pearls from Cubagua and the Macanao peninsula.
The Guayqueria Indians are indigenous to the island. When Alexander von Humboldt visited in 1799 he was met by eighteen Guayqueria men. He described them as "of very tall stature. They had the appearance of great muscular strength, and the colour of their skins was something between a brown and a copper colour."
As of 1964, the population was about 6,500, living in five hamlets. Water was delivered by barge at no charge, but with only a few liters per capita for all uses.
Tourism.
The Macanao peninsula is sparsely populated. Tourists may take horseback rides, or visit picturesque beaches with fishing boats, such as Punta Arenas. The "La Pared" beach is pleasant and little used. Divers prefer "Punta Arenas" beach at the far west, where the water is warmest and where giant starfish may be found.
Macanao is also the best part of the island for mountain biking for those prepared to handle the intense sun.
The largest town is Boca de Río, which has a marine museum, This includes the skeleton of a whale, displays of boats, fish, corals, pearls and turtles, and a shallow aquarium with catsharks and sea turtles.
Environmental concerns.
Isla Maragarita is the largest of the Venezuelan Caribbean islands, and the most biologically diverse. The only protected area is a small part of Laguna de La Restinga National Park. The proposed Macanao Wildlife Reserve, containing the Chacaracual Community Conservation Area (CCCA), may provide better protection.
Conservation threats include high levels of illegal hunting and trafficking of wildlife and plants, and open cast mining.
The peninsula is the only home of the endangered Yellow-shouldered Amazon parrot, and is also home to the Blue-crowned Parakeet. The seasonal watercourses, or "quebradas", are the main nesting and feeding grounds for the Yellow-shouldered Amazon. They are being mined for sand and gravel to be used in construction, and in some areas the 
parrot is hunted, considered a pest that robs Jocote orchards. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878863" title="Superior Essex">
Superior Essex

Superior Essex is one of the largest wire and cable manufacturers worldwide. Superior Essex has its headquarters in Atlanta, United States and specializes in magnet wire manufacturing and distribution. It operates 24 manufacturing facilities spread over the United States, Europe, Africa and China. Superior Essex was acquired by the Korean cable manufacturer LS Cable & System in 2008 and is since then one of LS Cable & System’s subsidiaries.
History.
Superior Essex was formed by a merger of Essex Wire Corporation and Superior Cable in April 1999. Essex Wire Corporation was founded in 1930 and was an original equipment manufacturer. It operated 44 plants in North America by 1965 and had sales of $355 million. 
Superior Cable came into existence in 1954 and had sales passing $500 million in 1997.
In 2008 the Korean cable manufacturer LS Cable & System acquired Superior Essex for roughly $900 million to extend its reach into the North American and European market.

</doc>
<doc id="36878865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878865" title="2012–13 CHL season">
2012–13 CHL season

The 2012–13 CHL season was the 21st season of the Central Hockey League (CHL).
League business.
Following the 2011–12 CHL season the number of the teams in the CHL fell from 14 to 10, with the Ray Miron President's Cup-holding Fort Wayne Komets moving to the ECHL along with the Evansville IceMen, the Dayton Gems moved to the Federal Hockey League becoming the Dayton Demonz, the Rio Grande Valley Killer Bees ceased operations, the Laredo Bucks were moved to St. Charles, Missouri, and will rejoin the league as the St. Charles Chill in the 2013–14 CHL Season. The Denver Cutthroats joined the CHL to play in their inaugural season. The CHL played the 2012–13 season with a single conference known as the Berry Conference, rather than its previous two-conference system consisting of the Berry and Turner conferences. For the 2013–2014 the league will add its first ever Canadian team in Brampton, Ontario, just north of Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="36878888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878888" title="Kicking Horse Dam">
Kicking Horse Dam

Kicking Horse Dam (National ID # MT00594) is a dam in Lake County, Montana.
The earthen dam was constructed in 1930 by the United States Bureau of Indian Affairs, with a height of 29 feet and 5220 feet long at its crest. It impounds Dublin Gulch for irrigation and recreation. The dam is owned and operated by the Bureau of Indian Affairs, while recreation is regulated by the tribal government and the Montana Department of Fish, Wildlife and Parks. 
The dam is surrounded by the territory of the Flathead Indian Reservation (known as the Tribal Trust Lands of the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes), is adjacent to the town of Kicking Horse, Montana (population 80) and adjacent to the Mission Mountains Wilderness. The reservoir it creates, Kicking Horse Reservoir, has a normal water surface of 1.1 square miles, and a maximum capacity of 8,350 acre-feet. Recreation includes fishing and bird hunting, subject to tribal regulations. 

</doc>
<doc id="36878889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878889" title="Bud Cox">
Bud Cox

Charles "Bud" Cox (born April 11, 1960) is a former professional tennis player from the United States.
Career.
Cox played collegiate tennis while at Auburn University.
He competed in the singles draw of a Grand Slam three times, but was unable to progress past the first round. In doubles he fared better, making the third round of the 1985 Wimbledon Championships and 1987 US Open. He was a mixed doubles quarter-finalist at the 1984 French Open, with Wendy Prausa.
On the Grand Prix tour he had his best performance in 1987 when he won the doubles title at Saint-Vincent (partnering Michael Fancutt). It was his third Grand Prix final, having been runner-up at the same event the previous year and at Columbus in 1984. His best showing in a singles draw came at the 1987 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon, where he defeated world number 19 Thierry Tulasne en route to the quarter-finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36878963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36878963" title="Liverpool Kirkdale by-election, 1915">
Liverpool Kirkdale by-election, 1915

The Liverpool Kirkdale by-election, 1915 was a parliamentary by-election held in England on 15 February 1915 for the House of Commons constituency of Liverpool Kirkdale.
Vacancy.
The by-election was caused by the resignation of the sitting Conservative Member of Parliament (MP), Colonel Gerald Kyffin-Taylor due to his military commitments.
The writ for the by-election was moved in the Commons on 10 February by Lord Edmund Talbot, the MP for Chichester.
Candidates.
During World War I, the major political parties had agreed not to contest by-elections when seats held by their respective parties fell vacant. The Conservative candidate John Pennefather was therefore returned unopposed, without any need for a vote.
He took his seat in the Commons on 17 February.

</doc>
<doc id="36879010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879010" title="Anouar Abdel-Malek">
Anouar Abdel-Malek

Anouar Abdel-Malek (23 October 1924 - 15 June 2012) was an Egyptian-French political scientist of Coptic descent. He was a pan-Arabist and Marxist.
Anouar Abdel-Malek gained a bachelor’s degree in philosophy in 1954 from Ain Shams University before studying for a doctorate at the Sorbonne. He subsequently joined the CNRS, becoming head of research there in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="36879049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879049" title="University Heights Historic District">
University Heights Historic District

University Heights Historic District can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36879094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879094" title="Cao Bin">
Cao Bin

Cao Bin (曹彬) (931-999) was a military general in imperial China. A nephew-in-law of Guo Wei, who founded the Later Zhou in 951, Cao first rose up through the ranks of the Later Zhou military. After the Song Dynasty replaced Later Zhou in 960, Cao participated in the conquest of the Later Shu state in 965, where he distinguished himself from the other generals for disciplining his troops from pillaging the area, and was promoted as a result. In 974, he was named the overall commander to invade the Southern Tang state, which he successfully conquered in 976, again taking careful measures to prevent unnecessary killing. However, in one last campaign in 986 against the northern Liao Dynasty, he suffered a crushing defeat at the hands of Yelü Xiuge.
Early life.
Cao Bin's father Cao Yun (曹芸) was a military commander of Chengde Commandery (成德軍; centered in modern Zhengding County, Hebei) under the Later Han. Before the age of 20, Cao Bin served under his father as a minor general, and Wu Xingde (武行德), the military governor of Chengde Commandery, was reportedly very impressed by him. At that time his maternal aunt Lady Zhang (張氏) was married to Guo Wei, another military governor. In 950, she was killed by Later Han emperor Liu Chengyou as Guo rebelled. Guo eventually overthrew Later Han to found the Later Zhou.
Career under Later Zhou.
He was known for instilling discipline in his army, and for his disregard for anything material. Once, a messenger refused to believe he was the general, saying "how could the emperor's relative dress in modest clothing and sleep on a commoner's bed?" In 958, he was sent to Wuyue Kingdom as a convoy and adamantly refused all bribes from Wuyue.
After Later Zhou was overthrown by the Song Dynasty, Cao Bin was part of Song's conquest of Later Shu. After victories, some of the Song generals suggested massacre to show Song's power but Cao Bin prevented it. When the other generals robbed the territory of its wealth, Cao Bin was only interested in books and the traditional clothing. Returning to the capital, Cao Bin reported the other generals, and was named "jiedushi".
In 974 Cao Bin commanded the army that conquered Southern Tang, and after a few other battles against Northern Han and Liao Dynasty, he was given control over the entire Song Dynasty's army.
His granddaughter was Empress Cao, married to Emperor Renzong of Song.

</doc>
<doc id="36879129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879129" title="Reesa Renee">
Reesa Renee

"Reesa Renee" is an R&B musician, songwriter and lyrical poet from the DMV (Washington D.C. – Maryland – Virginia) area of the US. Her soulful and energetic style is exhibited in "Reelease", her debut album released in August 2012. The album has features by local greats including RA the MC in "Listen". Jet-setter Tabi Bonney drops in for an upbeat track "Good Day". Kamila Gem makes an appearance in the more opinionated "World Go Round". Her title track "Reelease" features artist Charissa Rouse. Her album is closed off with "Obvious", featuring local rapper Black Cobain and Silk Gates. Her debut performance was at the Fillmore in Silver Spring, Maryland. Within 24 hours of release, her album reached the top 20 of iTunes R&B.
In 2010 after being given a makeover and photo session as a birthday present, Reesa Renee began to see how she could look as a performer. Shortly after, she prepared materials and started performing at local open mics. She led off with a performance at the Village Underground in New York City. After performing only twice at the venue, the crowds were already singing along to her songs. Her confidence continued to build until she launched her solo career in 2011 and in October, became the second person to win the Amateur Night at the Apollo Theatre in the last three years with her original song, "Got Me Loose". Amateur Night has been the launching ground for many singers, including Ella Fitzgerald, Billie Holiday, James Brown, The Jackson 5, Patti LaBelle, Marvin Gaye, Luther Vandross, Stevie Wonder, Aretha Franklin, Ben E. King, Mariah Carey, and Lauryn Hill, among others.
Reesa has performed alongside musical veterans Eric Roberson, Raheem DeVaughn, Chuck Brown, Roy Ayers and Wale. She cites Jill Scott as an inspiration.

</doc>
<doc id="36879143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879143" title="German Nicaraguan">
German Nicaraguan

A German Nicaraguan is a Nicaraguan having Germans ancestries or a German naturalized Nicaraguan. This includes Poles due to Partitions of Poland. During the 2nd World War, after Nicaragua's allies declared war on Germany, the German immigrants not naturalized were persecuted and imprisoned and some them were deported to Germany or to concentration camps in other countries. Although the Germans emigrated to Nicaragua since the 19th century, most of the German Nicaraguans speak still both Spanish as German languages.
History.
Early of the emigration.
The first German who settled in Nicaragua could be the merchant of Leon who was known simply as "Don Alemán" (Don German), known by Orlando W. Roberts, (although the real name of German was not mentioned) in 1810. In 1852, a group of German immigrants, mostly and starting compound by single men, began to settle in northern Nicaragua with the purpose of cultivating 200 blocks of land per person that were granted by the Government. The requirement for receipt of the program was to cultivate the land and have initial capital equivalent to about $ 2,500 per person. Over time, they built farms they rode and its benefits became to Nicaragua in a power coffee, and North Nicaragua became in the epicenter of this economic prosperity. So, In Castillo Viejo (Old Castle), the next station upstream, must have lived by the year 1852 several Germans.
The Germans came by boat to Granada and rode down to the areas where they would establish. Others came to Leon and began their journey to 
Matagalpa. Much of the Germans, who then moved to Costa Rica in 1853 had come to Nicaragua with the emigrant ship "Antoinette".
During the World War II.
To beginning of World War II in 1939, Nicaragua's allies - France, United States and England - declared war to Germany. The Government of Nicaragua prompted a wave of persecution against the Germans in Nicaragua. During this period, were also attacked in La vaterland fifty descendants of young Germans who had decided to benefit from the planting of coffee offered by the Conservative governments of the Thirty Years (1857-1892) and then by the Liberal government of José Santos Zelaya (1893-1909), who in an effort to promote the cultivation of coffee, gave up 200 acres of land in the wilderness areas of Matagalpa and Jinotega, mainly. They were the ones who started the promotion, production, processing, transportation and marketing of coffee in northern Nicaragua.
The president of Nicaragua, Anastasio Somoza Garcia declared the war against Germany in 1941, and the Germans in Nicaragua were victims of this struggle raised abroad. Somoza began "hunting" Germans for reunite him and imprison him. The oldest people were arrested and the youngest people were taken to the Fifth Eitzen, property of Somoza, an that had intervened to German Ulrich Eitzen. Interestingly the Fifth Eitzen is now the building housing the Ministry of Foreign Cooperation in Managua.
Once imprisoned not fed them. Their families brought them food and other stuffs personal hygiene, but the guard recorded everything they brought there.
Only Germans naturalized Nicaraguan were not imprisoned or were released from the jail. However, there were also Germans deported to Germany. Some German groups from Nicaragua were in refugee camps in other countries but once the war and the German persecution arrived to his end, some of them returned to Nicaragua. Also, there were some groups of German immigrants (and of others origins) deported to concentration camps in the United States from Nicaragua. Those who refused to be deported were confined on Ellis Island, a small island in New York, used as a quarantine site for immigrants.
Demography.
The descendants of those Germans living today in the mountains, in fincas, like their ancestors did. Most of them can, yet today, speak both Spanish as German languages. In addition, many German Nicaraguans are able of speak several languages more (basically English and French). They maintain the use of certain elements of German culture as is the use of fireplaces in their homes, which are often not used in Hispanic America.
German Festivals in Nicaragua.
Between 4 and 15 of June is celebrated in Nicaragua German Culture Festival in Nicaragua. As part of this festival, there are events of gastronomy, cinema, philosophy, and music heritage. All events are free admission, except for the Grand Concert "Germany in the heart of Nicaragua", the cost of entry will be 120 at the box office córdobas Ruben Dario National Theater.

</doc>
<doc id="36879189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879189" title="Easy 2 Hate">
Easy 2 Hate

Easy 2 Hate is a full-length 2-disc album released by Haystak on November 30, 2010. The album peaked at 68 on the Billboard 200 R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and 12 on the Heatseekers Albums.
Easy 2 Hate.
Disc 1
Disc 2

</doc>
<doc id="36879222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879222" title="Cees Groot">
Cees Groot

Cees Groot (born 29 June 1932 in Zaandijk, Netherlands) is a former Dutch football player, who played for Heerenveen, Stormvogels, Ajax, Zaanstreek and the Pittsburgh Phantoms during his career.
Club career.
Heerenveen.
Groot began his career in the youth ranks of ZVV Zaandijk in his home town, before being recruited, and signing a contract with SC Heerenveen in 1956. He would go on to play one season for the Friesian club, before transferring once more, this time around to IJ.V.V. Stormvogels from IJmuiden.
Stormvogels.
Signing with the Stormvogels in 1957, Groot would come to play with his six year younger brother Henk Groot at the club from Velsen, while working in the Metal Industry during the week. Both the Groot brothers made such an impression, while playing for the Stormvogels, that they were both offered a contract with AFC Ajax, leaving for the Amsterdam side at the end of the 1958–59 season, having played two seasons for the Stormvogels.
AFC Ajax.
Groot was a physically strong striker, and was very good in the air, but had very little finesse and technical ability. His biggest strong point was his uncanny ability to score goals. In his first season with Ajax, he scored 29 goals for the Amsterdam side, while his younger brother Henk scored 38. Together the Groot brothers were responsible for more than half of the club's goals scored, and finished the season in first and third place of the league's top scorers. Groot finished as the club's top scorer for three consecutive seasons (1961–62, 1962–63, 1963–64), and scored more than 100 goals (132) for Ajax. He is ranked 11th place on the club's all time top scorer list.
FC Zaanstreek.
In 1964, Groot left Ajax, for the newly formed FC Zaanstreek. He would go on to play a total of three seasons for the side from Alkmaar, before following his former Ajax teammate Co Prins to play in the United States. The two would be rejoined for the first time since their Ajax days, playing together again for the Pittsburgh Phantoms.
Pittsburgh Phantoms.
Moving to Pittsburgh, United States in 1967, together with his former Ajax teammate Co Prins, Groot would go on to play a total of three seasons for the Phantoms, in the National Premier Soccer League. After his period in the U.S., Cees returned to the Netherlands, and decided to play for his hometown side ZVV Zaandijk again. However, having played for the, at the time non-recognized NPSL, his request to play for Zaandijk was declined by the KNVB, the governing body of football in the Netherlands. This ruling meant that Cees was no longer eligible to play or coach football in the Netherlands.
VV Zaandijk.
In February 1968, the KNVB decided to overturn their initial ruling, and permit Groot to play football again in the Netherlands starting 1 June 1968. Groot took it upon himself to debut for ZVV Zaandijk in March, three months earlier than the courts ruling, however he broke his leg in the first match back, and was sidelined from football for months, leading to his eventual retirement.
Post career.
After his retirement from professional football, Groot became a sports teacher. He taught sports at a half way house near the Leidseplein in Amsterdam, amongst other places. After teaching, Groot returned to football, and became a youth trainer at AFC Ajax. He died of cardiac arrest in 1988 during a winter vacation trip to the Sauerland in West Germany.
Since 1991, a football tournament hosted in his home town of Zaandijk, and named "Cees Groot-toernooi" ("the Cees Groot tournament") in his honor, is staged annually, where youth teams of various football teams come to compete.

</doc>
<doc id="36879259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879259" title="Polly Ann (film)">
Polly Ann (film)

Polly Ann is a lost 1917 silent film comedy drama produced and distributed by the Triangle Film Corporation. It was directed by Charles Miller and stars Bessie Love.

</doc>
<doc id="36879278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879278" title="Mann Field">
Mann Field

Mann Field was a ballpark located in Newport, Arkansas, USA that served as the home stadium to the Newport Cardinals (1936-1938) and Newport Dodgers (1940-1941). Built in the 1930s, it was named after Louis P. Mann, superintendent of Newport High School, where the field was located. It was a Works Progress Administration project.
In its history, it was also known as Greyhound Field and Memorial Field.

</doc>
<doc id="36879294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879294" title="Baclaran (disambiguation)">
Baclaran (disambiguation)

Baclaran is a barangay in Parañaque City, Philippines. Baclaran may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36879305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879305" title="Japanese transport Kembu Maru">
Japanese transport Kembu Maru

Kembu Maru was a 953 ton transport ship of Imperial Japanese Army during World War II. 
She left Rabaul, New Britain on 1 March 1943, as part of "Operation 81", carrying a cargo of 1,000 drums of avgas and 650 drums of other fuel for Lae, New Guinea. The convoy was attacked by aircraft of the United States Army Air Forces and Royal Australian Air Force from 2 March 1943, known as the Battle of the Bismarck Sea. "Kembu Maru" was bombed on 3 March; she exploded in a giant fireball and sank at 07°15'S., 148°30'E.

</doc>
<doc id="36879312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879312" title="Yelü Sha">
Yelü Sha

Anyin Sha (安隱•沙) of the Yelü clan (died 988) was a Khitan general and statesman in ancient China's Liao Dynasty.
He rose to the position of the chancellor of the southern government (南府宰相) during Emperor Muzong of Liao's reign. When Emperor Jingzong assumed power in 969, Yelü Sha was tasked to command the army on Liao's southern border for possible war against the Song Dynasty. In 976, the Song army attacked Northern Han, a small kingdom wedged between Song and Liao, and Yelü Sha took the Liao troops to assist Northern Han until the Song army withdrew. He was promoted when he presented the Song prisoners to Emperor Jingzong.
In 977, Song invaded Northern Han again, and Liao army under the overall command of Yelü Sha went to assist Northern Han, meeting the Song army across a river at Baimaling (白馬嶺, in today's Yu County, Shanxi). The vanguard general Yelü Dilie (耶律敵烈), Emperor Jingzong's cousin, went against Yelü Sha's advice to attempt cross the river without waiting for the main Liao army. His army was annihilated in the river, and Yelü Dilie was among the five Liao generals slain, which also include Yelü Sha's son Yelü Deli (耶律德裏). Only after the arrival of general Yelü Xiezhen's reinforcement did the Song attacks stop. Soon afterwards, just as Yelü Sha prepared to advance to Northern Han's capital of Taiyuan, news of the fall of Northern Han arrived.
Immediately after conquering Northern Han, the Song army went northward to attack Liao. Yelü Sha resisted the Song army, and with the help of generals Yelü Xiezhen and Yelü Xiuge, defeated the Song army at the battle of Gaoliang River.
The following year, Yelü Sha followed Han Kuangsi (韓匡嗣) to invade Song, and their army was annihilated. Furious, Emperor Jingzong wanted to execute both, but his wife Xiao Chuo pleaded on their behalves, eventually reducing their sentences to flogging.
After the death of Emperor Jingzong, his widow Xiao Chuo effectively ruled Liao. In 987 Yelü Sha participated in another invasion of Song, this time defeating the resistant Song army, and was awarded as a result.

</doc>
<doc id="36879330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879330" title="Associação Limeirense de Basquete">
Associação Limeirense de Basquete

Associação Limeirense de Basquete, also known as Winner/Kabum Limeira by sponsorship issues, is a Brazilian basketball team from Limeira, São Paulo, Brazil.
History.
Winner Limeira was founded in 2001 with the intention of rescuing the basketball of Limeira and disputing state and national titles. In its first year, Limeira won the second division of state championship and the Regional Games. The following eight years Limeira won the Regional Games and won its first Brazilian championship, named Nossa Liga de Basquete, in 2006. 
In the first NBB season, in 2009, the team, formed by Nezinho dos Santos, Betinho Duarte, Shamell Stallworth, Guilherme Teichmann and Bruno Fiorotto, finished the championship in fifth place, after being defeated by Joinville. In the second NBB season, Limeira did not participate. In the following two seasons Limeira did similar campaigns, finishing in the ninth place.

</doc>
<doc id="36879371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879371" title="Etobicoke—Rexdale">
Etobicoke—Rexdale

Etobicoke—Rexdale was a provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada. It was created prior to the 1987 provincial election and eliminated in 1996, when its territory was incorporated into the riding of Etobicoke North. Etobicoke—Rexdale riding was created from Etobicoke. It was in the former borough of Etobicoke.
Two Members of Provincial Parliament represented the riding during its 
history. The most notable was Ed Philip who served in Bob Rae's cabinet in a number of roles from 1990 to 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="36879380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879380" title="John Allworth Clark">
John Allworth Clark

John Allworth Clark (1846-1932) was mayor of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia in 1891.
Personal life.
John Allworth Clark was born in 1846 in Adelaide, South Australia. 
After completing his education, he moved to Sydney where he married Elizabeth Ann Jane Mullarky in 1871.
The couple had the following children:
About 1882 they moved to Brisbane and then many years later back to Sydney.
John Allworth Clark died on Tuesday 14 June 1932 at his home, 233 Stanmore Road, Stanmore, Sydney, New South Wales. He was cremated on Wed 15 June 1932 at Rookwood Crematorium.
Business life.
John Allworth Clark was a wool importer and merchant tailor. Together with his father and brother, he owned menswear shops in Brisbane, Toowoomba and Sydney.
Public life.
John Allworth Clark was an alderman representing the North Ward of the Brisbane Municipal Council from 1889 to 1898. He was mayor in 1891. He served on the following committees: 
He was a long-time staunch supporter of the temperance movement and a member of temperance organisations such as the Blue Ribbon Association.
In 1887 he was appointed secretary of the Anti-Chinese League.
From 1892, he was an active promoter of Bowkett Societies, which were non-profit building societies that provided interest-free loans to their members.
In 1893, the Brisbane River had a major flood and Clark was chairman of the Flood Relief Committee, which collected and distributed financial aid to the flood victims.
He was a founding member of the board of the Victoria Bridge, Brisbane after its reconstruction in 1897.
From 1893 to at least 1898 he was chairman of the Metropolitan Transit Commission.
In 1894 Clark proposed that women should be allowed to serve as aldermen in the Brisbane Municipal Council.
Later after the family had moved to Sydney, Clark was also an alderman of the Petersham Municipal Council in Sydney in 1914, 1920 & 1922 representing the South Kingston ward.
Memorials.
Clark Lane (which runs between Queen Street and Anne Street in the Petrie Bight area of Brisbane) is named after John Allworth Clark. The lane was originally the northern end of Eagle Street, which commenced at Creek Street (as it still does today), ran along the river at Petrie Bight (now Queen Street) to the intersection with Adelaide Street and then north towards Ann Street (now Clark Lane). John Allworth Clark had one of his business premises on the intersection where Clark Lane converges with Adelaide and Queen Streets.

</doc>
<doc id="36879408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879408" title="Ebru Umar">
Ebru Umar

Ebru Umar (born 20 May 1970) is a Dutch columnist of Turkish descent. Under the influence of Theo van Gogh, she gave up a career in management and became a columnist, first for van Gogh's website and, after he was assassinated, as his successor as a regular columnist of "Metro". A somewhat controversial columnist because of her criticism of Islam and her opinions on feminism, she writes for a number of Dutch magazines and has published four books.
Biography.
Umar is the child of Turkish parents who came to the Netherlands in 1970. Her father is a retired anatomic pathologist, her mother an ophthalmologist. She grew up in Rotterdam and attended the Gymnasium Erasmianum. After studying management and working for a while as a manager, she began writing, under the influence of Theo van Gogh, and wrote columns for his website (van Gogh was her "friend and mentor"), and soon began writing for a number of other Dutch newspapers. In 2005 she took over van Gogh's column in "Metro". Umar is also the author of four books, and writes a weekly column for the Dutch women's weekly magazine "Libelle" (in addition to doing interviews and panel discussions for the magazine) and for the Dutch feminist magazine "Opzij". Umar, an atheist, has a reputation for outspokenness, a characteristic her parents say she has had from an early age on, and has suffered a violent attack as a result, when she was beaten outside her apartment in Amsterdam.
Umar has been criticized as the stereotypical Muslim commentator who gets called up when a talk show needs a Muslim to "say something nasty" about other Muslims, and her attack on Fatima Elatik, the director of Amsterdam's Stadsdeel Zeeburg whom she called a "token muslim" was noted by the media as well. Others have criticized her for what they deem an all-too easy criticism of Dutch women, who Umar claimed were lazy and would rather rely on child support than get a job in a guest column in "de Volkskrant", which was the third-most popular opinion piece in the Netherlands that year.

</doc>
<doc id="36879418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879418" title="Riven (band)">
Riven (band)

Riven is an American heavy metal band formed in Sacramento, California in 2012. The line up consists of 4 of the 7 members from the 2008-2011 line up of Motograter, including Michael "Angel" Woodruff, Mark Nosler, Tyler Hole, and Jeremy "Twitch" Scheller.
History.
Motograter (2008-2011).
In 2009, before Riven was formed, Motogater guitarist, Matt "Nuke" Nunes introduced a "New Breed" line-up of Motograter 3 years after the previous line-up, which included current Five Finger Death Punch vocalist Ivan L. Moody. The "New Breed" consisted of Michael "Angel" Woodruff on vocals, Matthew "Nuke" Nunes on lead guitar, Tyler Hole on rhythm guitar, Mylon Guy on bass, Jeremy "Twitch" Scheller on drums, and Mark Nosler on the motograter. They toured for almost 3 years after releasing an EP, Pre-Release in 2009. The line-up eventually broke up in September 2011, with lifestyle differences being to blame.
Riven (2011-present).
On Tuesday, October 11, Angel posted a link on his personal Facebook page to a Kickstarter page that is funding a new project, involving members who left Motograter. The link quickly spread, with the first day raising more than $750, but funding stalled at just over $3000, with the page taken down a month later. Angel has since shared the address to his PayPal account so that people could donate without time constraints.
On January 1, 2012, the project was revealed as "Riven", consisting of Angel and Nathan Harris sharing vocal duties, Mark Nosler, who previously played the motograter in Motograter, on guitar, Tyler Hole, who previously played guitar in Motograter, on bass, and Jeremy “Twitch” Scheller on drums. The band later added Joe Byers as an additional guitarist. The band recorded their first demos with Ahrue Luster of Ill Niño. The band released their first music video for the song "Unsound" on March 16, 2012, from which they released their single on March 26.
On September 3, 2012, after about 9 months of existing, the band announced through their Facebook page that the band has entered a long-term hiatus, so other band members can pursue other projects.

</doc>
<doc id="36879428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879428" title="Celebration (Game song)">
Celebration (Game song)

"Celebration" is a song by American rapper Game, released as the first single from his fifth studio album "Jesus Piece" (2012). The song features additional vocals from fellow rappers Lil Wayne, Tyga, Wiz Khalifa and American singer/rapper Chris Brown. "Celebration" premiered on Los Angeles' Power 106 on August 22, 2012. The song samples Bone Thugs-n-Harmony's hit single "1st of tha Month".
Production and recording.
"Celebration" was written by Game (credited as Jayceon Terrell Taylor), Lil Wayne, Tyga, Chris Brown and Wiz Khalifa. Production of the song was handled by Cool and Dre and their protégé SAP. "Celebration" samples Bone Thugs-n-Harmony's hit 1st of tha Month produced by DJ U-Neek. Game said in an interview that in his entire career he tried to "flip" 1st of tha Month without taking too much of the original.
"I grew up in Compton, California, and I'm a huge fan of Bone Thugs-n-Harmony. This is my fifth album, and my whole career I've been trying to figure out how to flip '1st of Tha Month' and I finally did it," Game told us on Friday while taking a break from filming the song's video. "I wanted to keep the feel of the song without taking too much of the original."
Critical reception.
David Jeffries wrote: "The breezy and nostalgic closer "Celebration" feels more like a Sunday picnic than a Sunday sermon." Pitchfork called this song "catchy Bone Thugs redux." Jon Dolan called this song "redemptive." USA Today listed this song in Download This list. XXL was positive: "Most instrumentals on the record are, appropriately, soulful but not identical, as highlights more thump, such as the album’s first single “Celebration."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Matt Alonzo and produced by Tara Razavi, Michael Busalacchi and KeElviyn Craver. Game told MTV news that fans could expect a similar feel and visual from his mentor Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg hit single Nuthin' but a 'G' Thang. "The concept of the video is Nuthin' but a 'G' Thang my videos, I don't like them to be fake or feel like anybody gotta act, so we're really having a barbecue out here," Game said. "It's real food, it ain't no prop food, it's real water guns — everything real." Game, Chris Brown, Tyga, Lil Wayne & Wiz Khalifa all appear in the video performing their part of the song. Game's son Harlem Caron Taylor makes an cameo appearance in the video. The music video was released on September 18, 2012.
Chart performance.
"Celebration" managed to attain chart success, debuting at number 82 on the Billboard Hot 100, number 19 on US Rap chart and number 29 on Hip-Hop and R&B tracks. Lil Wayne's contribution earned him his 109th chart entry, surpassing Elvis Presley’s record for the most chart entries. It re-entered the Billboard Hot 100 on the week of November 22, 2012 at number 100. The seven weeks it has stayed on the Billboard Hot 100 managed to be the longest single by the artist to stay on the Billboard Hot 100 since his single "My Life" in 2008.
Remix.
Shortly before their set at Rock the Bells’ San Francisco Bay area on Sunday night, Bone Thugs-N-Harmony said they were appreciative of Game’s new single which samples both their music and stylings.
“I feel like any song that we do that someone remixes we may have looked at as being disrespectful back when we were young and getting in the game,” Wish Bone said from the tour stop in Mountain View, California. “But us being in the game for 20 years and younger cats coming up behind us doing our style, a style that we invented, that’s kind of a compliment.”
Game posted a picture on his Twitter showing the word "bone" structured with cannabis. Game later confirmed that he is working in the studio with Bone Thugs-n-Harmony on a remix for "Celebration". On 28 October, an official remix, featuring all five members of Bone Thugs-N-Harmony was released by Game. It was positively received by the critics. The Game and Bone Thugs filmed a music video for the track on November 14, 2012 in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="36879430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879430" title="SS Baikal">
SS Baikal

SS "Baikal" was an ice-breaking train ferry that linked the eastern and western portions of the Trans-Siberian Railroad across Lake Baikal.
Ship history.
In early 1895 the construction of a ferry across the Lake Baikal began, following the proposal of the Minister of Transport Mikhail Khilkov. On 30 December 1895 a contract with Sir W G Armstrong Whitworth & Co Ltd was signed for the parts of the icebreaking ferry (without woodwork and in disassembled state). By June 1896 the icebreaker had been delivered for assembly to the village of Listvenichnoye. After three years it was completed and launched on .
Before the Circum-Baikal Railway was opened in 1905, "Baikal", and later the "Angara", carried two loads a day between piers at Baikal and Mysovaya. After the railway was completed, both ships continued to operate in reserve.
When the Civil War broke out "Baikal" was equipped with machine guns and cannons by the Red Army. When Irkutsk surrendered to the White Army, "Baikal" sailed to the Mysovaya pier, the location of the Red Army headquarters.
In August 1918 the icebreaker was damaged by field artillery fire. It was burnt at the Mysovaya pier.
In 1920 the damaged hull was refloated and towed to Port Baikal. It remained untouched until at least 1926, and was later dismantled. There is a possibility that its lower hull, bow propeller, and part of the engines are still at the bottom of the lake at the mouth of the Angara River.

</doc>
<doc id="36879433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879433" title="Martin Saltzwedel">
Martin Saltzwedel

Martin Saltzwedel (13 September 1906 – 1 April 1987) was a highly decorated Kapitän zur See in the Kriegsmarine during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="36879447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879447" title="Andrew Norman (rugby league)">
Andrew Norman (rugby league)

Andrew Norman is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who represented his country in the 2000 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36879451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879451" title="Nate Polak">
Nate Polak

Nathan Polák (born September 5, 1989) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Minnesota Stars FC in the North American Soccer League.
Career.
Born in Lincoln, Nebraska, Polák played college soccer at Drake University in 2008 and then transferred to Hastings College between 2009 and 2011. 
Polák had a much decorated career for the Broncos as he was a two-time first team all-league selection and the 2011 GPAC Offensive Player-of-the-Year. He went on to be selected as a First Team NAIA All-American in 2011. Twice in 2011 he was named NAIA National Player-of-the-Week. 
In is junior year Hastings won the NAIA National Championship, while as a senior they were the NAIA National Runner-Up. He was named to the NAIA All-Tournament Team in both seasons (2010 and 2011).
On January 17, 2012 Polák was selected in the fourth round (no. 69 overall) of the 2012 MLS Supplemental Draft by New York Red Bulls. However, he wasn't signed by the club.
Polák signed his first professional contract with NASL club Minnesota Stars FC on August 15, 2012. He scored his first professional goal for the Stars less than one month later, on September 11, 2012, against the Puerto Rico Islanders in his first ever starting appearance.
Personal.
Nate is brother of Tyler Polak, who also plays for Minnesota United.

</doc>
<doc id="36879457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879457" title="Goldman roll">
Goldman roll

The Goldman roll is the monthly sale and purchase of commodities for the Goldman Sachs Commodity Index (SP-GSCI).
While a stock market index is a purely mathematical construct, a commodity index requires entering a long position or ownership of a physical product through a futures exchange. These contracts must be released and renewed, typically monthly. This roll yield both creates and requires arbitrage opportunities which are statististically significant, measuring a Sharpe ratio as high as 4.4 between 2000 and 2010.
As the SP-GSCI was the first commodity index and remains popular, the rollover of its futures was analyzed and described as the Goldman roll.
Yiqun Mou's analysis of the Goldman roll indicates up to $26 billion was made through arbitrage of the Goldman roll between 2000 and 2009. Matt Taibbi, describing the Goldman roll, said "there are lots of folks who believe that knowing when and how it works gives investors an unfair advantage (particularly Goldman)—but in the interest of not having the reader’s head explode, we’ll skip that topic for now."

</doc>
<doc id="36879484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879484" title="WTVA-DT2">
WTVA-DT2

WTVA-DT2 is the digital subchannel of NBC affiliate WTVA for northern Mississippi and northwestern Alabama that is licensed to Tupelo, Mississippi, and is affiliated with ABC. It is locally-owned by WTVA, Inc. (run by the Spain family), which also operates Fox affiliate WLOV-TV through a local marketing agreement, and is available over the air in high definition on VHF channel 8.4 (virtual channel 9.2 via PSIP. Syndicated programming featured on WTVA-DT2 includes "Rachael Ray", "The Wendy Williams Show", "America's Funniest Home Videos" and "Entertainment Tonight".
History.
This channel's history began in 2008 when WTVA created this subchannel to air programming from FamilyNet, as one of the few major network affiliates in the United States to carry a subchannel-only affiliation with the network. On December 31, 2011, WTVA-DT2 switched its affiliation to Me-TV.
On August 7, 2012, it was announced by WTVA management that WKDH would cease operations on August 31, 2012 at 11:59 p.m. after 11 years on the air; the reason behind the decision to shut down the station was due to the Spain family choosing not to renew its local marketing agreement with that station's owner, Southern Broadcasting. Following the announcement, Comcast had announced plans to import an out-of-market affiliate of the network on area cable systems.
The move to shut down WKDH originally would have left the Columbus/Tupelo/West Point market without an in-market ABC affiliate. However on August 28, 2012, WTVA signed an affiliation agreement with ABC to carry the network's programming on its second subchannel; upon the September 1, 2012 switchover to ABC, the subchannel began offering a schedule of local newscasts and syndicated programming during non-network hours. As a result of the move, the market's Me-TV affiliation was moved to the second digital subchannel of sister station WLOV-TV (resulting in Me-TV sister network This TV moving to a newly created third digital subchannel). In addition, WTVA also upgraded the subchannel from standard definition to high definition with the new ABC affiliation.
Newscasts.
With the addition of ABC network programming on WTVA-DT2, the subchannel airs local news programming as per the terms of its affiliation agreement, featuring simulcasts of most local newscasts seen on the primary channel. More specifically, WTVA's half-hour midday newscast at noon on weekdays and one-hour news and talk program "Kay Bain's Saturday Mornin' Show" are not seen on WTVA 9.2.
News team.
Anchors
The Weather Authority
Sports team (both seen on "Friday Night Fever")
Reporters
Photographers

</doc>
<doc id="36879489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879489" title="Japanese transport Aiyo Maru">
Japanese transport Aiyo Maru

Aiyo Maru was a 2,746 ton transport ship of the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II. 
She left Rabaul, New Britain on 1 March 1943, as part of "Operation 81", carrying a cargo of 252 troops, equipment, fuel, landing craft and ammunition for Lae, New Guinea. The convoy was attacked by aircraft of the United States Army Air Forces and Royal Australian Air Force from 2 March 1943, known as the Battle of the Bismarck Sea. "Aiyo Maru" was bombed on 3 March and sank at 07°15'S., 148°30'E.

</doc>
<doc id="36879499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879499" title="Johannes du Plessis">
Johannes du Plessis

Johannes du Plessis (1868–1935) was a South African theologian and Protestant missionary. Du Plessis is perhaps most remembered for helping lead an interracial coalition to push for reforms to empower black South Africans and lessen government discrimination in the early 1920s, such as by limiting the pass laws. He was ordained by the Dutch Reformed Church of South Africa, although relations between him and the DRC declined in his later life over his liberal and modernist theological views, culminating in an accusation of heresy and his dismissal as professor at the University of Stellenbosch.
Du Plessis helped found the South African Institute of Race Relations, a liberal research organization, in 1929.
Biography.
Johannes du Plessis attended seminary in the University of Stellenbosch in South Africa and later the University of Edinburgh in Scotland, graduating with a doctorate in theology. In 1894, du Plessis was ordained a minister in the Dutch Reformed Church (DRC); he would become general secretary for Mission in 1903. He traveled working as a missionary across sub-Saharan Africa as part of his duties. In 1913, he was appointed professor of Christian mission (and later, of New Testament) at the University of Stellenbosch.
Du Plessis urged white South Africans to govern blacks in a "Christian manner." He defended the DRC as a non-racist church, but conceded that it had fallen short of its mission. He helped align both paternalist whites who wanted something short of total white dominion, educated blacks, and international missionaries to attempt to reform the pass laws, establish the right of black workers to strike, and to allow tradesmen to compete against white workers fairly and openly.
This social justice work did not particularly aggravate the DRC of the 1920s. However, du Plessis's work with international Christian missionaries had given him an ecumenical bent, and he did not believe certain passages of the Bible should be taken "literally", particularly creation according to Genesis and the Old Testament. Du Plessis instead favored evolution, a controversial belief at the time. Du Plessis was accused of heresy, and dismissed from his position as professor of theology at Stellenbosch in 1930.
These heresy charges distracted the minister from his other work, and what would later become apartheid began to set in South Africa's government in the 1930s, which would reverse many of his earlier successes. Du Plessis died in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="36879513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879513" title="Psi2 Piscium">
Psi2 Piscium

Psi² Piscium (Psi² Psc, ψ² Piscium, ψ² Psc) is a white A-type main sequence star with an apparent magnitude of +5.56. It is approximately 161 light years from Earth.
Psi² Piscium' is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 31.9 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 17,600 and 24,500 light years from the center of the Galaxy.

</doc>
<doc id="36879514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879514" title="Branko Kadia, Jordan Misja and Perlat Rexhepi">
Branko Kadia, Jordan Misja and Perlat Rexhepi

On 22 June 1942, the Albanian student trio of Branko Kadija, Jordan Misja and Perlat Rexhepi, who stayed in Misja's house at Firaj Street in Shkodër (at the time part of the fascist Italian protectorate of the Albanian Kingdom), were for several hours surrounded by Albanian quisling (fascist) forces and police, numbering some 600 people. The three young friends were members of the Communist Party of Albania, which was established on 8 November 1941 and had began with smaller detachments of 5-10 people which engaged in various acts of sabotage to the Italian forces, including antifascist propaganda in order to gain support of the masses. After an air bombardment, they rushed out of the house and managed to kill many of the quisling soldiers, but were shot down and instantly killed. The three were proclaimed People's Heroes of Albania for their act, and they are collectively known as the Three Heroes of Shkodër ().
Jordan Misja was a painter. Kadija and Misja belonged to the Orthodox community of Shkodër, which at that time there were a few families, which all belonged to the same social level. According to Serbian sources, both Misja and Kadija were ethnic Serbs (see Serbs in Albania), and their surnames were originally Mišović (Мишовић) and Kadić (Кадић). Jordan Misja, a nephew of the hero bearing the same name, has rejected the latter claim and said that an ancestor had come from the suburbs of Elbasan, and the surname Misja has not changed its form while being spread throughout Elbasan region, leading to further controversies. Perlat Rexhepi was an ethnic Albanian, originally from Vlorë.
Legacy.
The "Perlat Rexhepi" partisan battalion from Shkodër operated in the Gjakovë highlands in 1943, and assisted the conference of Albanian and Yugoslav communists in the same year.
Several schools, streets and other buildings have been named after the three individuals.
External links.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="36879551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879551" title="Ponsonby RFC">
Ponsonby RFC

Ponsonby District Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club based in Auckand, New Zealand. The club was established in 1874 and is affiliated with the Auckland Rugby Football Union. Ponsonby is the oldest extant member of the Auckland union, and the second oldest club in the Auckland region, after North Shore, who are now affiliated with the North Harbour Rugby Union.
The men's premier team have won the Auckland Premier competition a record 45 times, including 33 times since the introduction of the Gallaher Shield, itself named after Ponsonby stalwart Dave Gallaher. Ponsonby have dominated the Auckland competition in recent years, having been champions on eight consecutive occasions between 2004 and 2011. The club has produced numerous All Blacks, the most recent being Benson Stanley.
Honours.
Auckland Championship/Gallaher Shield (45): 1883, 1884, 1885, 1887, 1890, 1891†, 1897, 1908, 1909, 1910, 1913, 1924, 1925, 1926, 1927, 1929, 1930, 1933‡, 1936, 1937, 1938, 1948, 1954, 1976, 1978, 1979, 1981, 1983, 1985, 1986, 1988, 1990, 1993, 1995, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011

</doc>
<doc id="36879553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879553" title="Capitol Theatre, Aberdeen">
Capitol Theatre, Aberdeen

The Capitol Theatre is a former cinema and variety house on Union Street in Aberdeen, Scotland. 
The Capitol opened in February 1933, on the site of the earlier Electric Cinema. It seated 2,100, to the plans of architects AGR Mackenzie and Clement George. In 1933, the Capitol was Aberdeen's most luxurious cinema, with full stage facilities, a holophane lighting system and a Compton Organ. 
In addition to functioning as a cinema, The Capitol featured regular stage shows and these gradually became the venue’s focus. The venue showed its final film in 1995 and closed in 1998, with the exception of a bar at the front of the building.
In the early 2000s, The Capitol was converted into a nightclub. At this stage, the rear section of the building was largely remodelled and many of the remaining features removed. The nightclub closed in 2009.
The Capitol is a category B listed building. In September 2013, planning permission was granted for Knight Property Group to renovate the front third of the building and replace the derelict auditorium with a modern ten storey building. 

</doc>
<doc id="36879556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879556" title="Carl Woszczynski">
Carl Woszczynski

Carl Matthew Woszczynski (born April 18, 1988) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Orlando City in the USL Professional Division.
Playing career.
Woszczynski attended Columbus North High School in Columbus, Indiana, where he was a four-year varsity starting goalkeeper. He recorded 42 career shutouts in 80 varsity starts. During his time there, he was a four-time All-Conference Indiana selection and three-time All State selection, as well as The Republic’s Area Player of the Year in 2006.
Woszczynski played club soccer with the Fort Wayne Fever, where he was an Indiana State Cup Champion in 2007. He also was a seven-time member of the Indiana State ODP Team, a two-time captain of that team, and was selected to the Region II pool twice.
College and amateur.
Woszczynski played college soccer for the University of Alabama at Birmingham from 2007-2011, where he was recognized as one of the best goalkeepers to come through Conference USA. He holds the record for the best single-season goals-against-average in school history. He was also named Conference USA Defensive Player of the Week eight times in his career, which is the most in Conference USA and University of Alabama at Birmingham history. Woszczynski was a three-time All-Conference USA honoree. His senior year, he was named to both the College Soccer News National Team of the Week and Soccer America National Team of the Week on separate occasions. Woszczynski was also selected as a candidate for the Lowe’s Senior CLASS Award, and an NSCAA 3rd Team Academic All-American in 2011.
During his collegiate career, Woszczynski played four seasons in the USL Premier Development League, including two with the Indiana Invaders, and two with the Atlanta Blackhawks. He began the 2012 season with the Atlanta Silverbacks Reserves and played in four games.
Professional.
Woszczynski was drafted in the first round (53rd overall) in the 2012 MLS Supplemental Draft by the Chicago Fire of Major League Soccer. He was the 3rd overall goalkeeper drafted. After spending the 2012 preseason with the Fire, he was released without a contract offer. Woszczynski then spent time during the season with the Columbus Crew filling in for an injured goalkeeper.
From there, Woszczynski signed with the Los Angeles Blues of the USL Professional Division. He made his debut on July 14, 2012 against Antigua Barracuda, where he earned the 2-0 win. He was subsequently named USL Honorable Mention Team of the Week for his performance in goal.
Woszczynski signed with Orlando City on November 4, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36879562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879562" title="Hawaii State Bar Association">
Hawaii State Bar Association

The Hawaii State Bar Association (HSBA) is the integrated (mandatory) bar association of the U.S. state of Hawaii.
History.
The Hawaii State Bar Association was founded as a voluntary membership organization in 1899. In 1985 it was formally incorporated as a 501(c)(6) non-profit trade organization.
In 1952, the Hawaii Bar News began publication; it is now known as Hawaii Bar Journal.
In 1989, the Supreme Court of the State of Hawaii created a unified bar, pursuant to Supreme Court Rule 17. As a result, all persons admitted to the practice of law in Hawaii must be members of HSBA.
Structure.
HSBA policy is set by a Board of 21 voting members (5 officers, 15 directors and the YLD President). There are 15 Committees, 20 Sections, and an elected Young Lawyers Division Board with 16 members.
HSBA employs 16 staff members, led by an Executive Director who is in charge of the overall operation and administration of the HSBA and is responsible for making sure that the Board's policies and HSBA programs and activities are carried out.

</doc>
<doc id="36879565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879565" title="Psi3 Piscium">
Psi3 Piscium

Psi³ Piscium (Psi³ Psc, ψ³ Piscium, ψ³ Psc) is a yellow G-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +5.56. It is approximately 403 light years from Earth.
Psi³ Piscium is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 8.8 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 23,900 and 34,800 light years from the center of the Galaxy.
Psi³ Piscium will come closest to the Sun 9.6 million years from now when it will brighten to magnitude 4.67 from a distance of 248 light years.

</doc>
<doc id="36879566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879566" title="Titus Flavius Postumius Titianus">
Titus Flavius Postumius Titianus

Titus Flavius Postumius Titianus (fl. late 3rd and 4th century AD) was a Roman statesman who served as Senator and Consul suffectus. 
Biography.
Postumius Titianus was a member of the third century ‘’gens Postumii’’, which was not descended from the Republican family of the same name. In his early career he was an imperial candidate for both the offices of Quaestor and Praetor. Before the year 291, he was either a suffect consul or perhaps "adlectus inter consulares".
Around AD 291/2, Postumius Titianus was appointed "corrector Transpadanae cognoscens vice sacra" and "electus ad iudicandas sacras appellationes" (that is, the Corrector of Cisalpine Gaul and the officer responsible for the management of imperial judicial duties and the execution of the emperor’s will). During this time he built and dedicated a temple to Sol Invictus at Comun.
In AD 292/3, he was the "Corrector Campaniae", and was the first official who served in this capacity. This was followed in 293/4 or 294/5 by his posting as "consularis aquarum et Miniciae" (or the official with proconsular imperium responsible for maintaining the aqueducts and grain importation into Rome). He employed a Titus Aelius Poemenius as his assistant, who set up an inscription to Postumius Titianus when he completed his posting.
From July 295 to July 296, he was the proconsular governor of Africa Proconsularis, replacing Cassius Dio. Then in AD 301, he was appointed "consul prior" alongside Virius Nepotianus. Finally, he was appointed "Praefectus urbi" of Rome, a position he held from 12 February 305 to 19 March 306.
Before AD 295 he had been appointed to two priestly positions, that of Augur and "Pontifex dei Solis". Later on in his career, Postumius Titianus was given another religious role, that of "duodecemvir urbis Romae" (a college created in connection with the temple of Venus and Roma dedicated by Hadrian in AD 135). He continued to serve his priestly functions into the reign of Constantine I. At some point, he was also the Curator of Lyons, Cales and another unspecified town. Postumius Titianus was also described as an orator.
Postumius Titianus was the last person who styled himself "Cos. II" on achieving an ordinary consulship on the basis of a previous suffect consulship.

</doc>
<doc id="36879568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879568" title="Erich Wulff (Kriegsmarine)">
Erich Wulff (Kriegsmarine)

Erich Wulff (17 May 1914 – 12 January 1979) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant zur See in the Kriegsmarine during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="36879571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879571" title="David Manly Miner">
David Manly Miner

David Manly Miner (born June 26, 1937) is a farmer and former political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada. He represented The Battlefords from 1980 to 1982 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a New Democratic Party (NDP) member.
He was born in Speers, Saskatchewan, the son of Herman Manly Miner. In 1961, Miner married Mona Gail Mclvor. Miner served as vice chairman of the Saskatchewan Land Bank Commission. He was first elected to the provincial assembly in a 1980 by-election held after Eiling Kramer retired from politics. Miner was defeated by Myles Morin when he ran for reelection in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="36879581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879581" title="Tovik Church">
Tovik Church

Tovik Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Skånland in Troms county, Norway. It is located in the village of Tovik. The church is part of the Tovik parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1905. The building was designed by the architect N. Saxegaard. The church seats about 200 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36879582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879582" title="Skånland Church">
Skånland Church

Skånland Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Skånland in Troms county, Norway. It is located in the village of Evenskjer. The church is part of the Skånland parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white, wooden church was built in 1901. It was designed by the architect Carl J. Bergstrøm. It seats about 700 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36879602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879602" title="Astafjord Church">
Astafjord Church

Astafjord Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Skånland in Troms county, Norway. It is located in the village of Grov. The church is part of the Astafjord parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white, concrete church was built in 1978. It was designed by architect Harald Hille. The church seats about 300 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36879614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879614" title="August von Krempelhuber">
August von Krempelhuber

August von Krempelhuber (1813 - 1882) was a German lichenologist born in Munich.
Born into nobility, he studied forestry at the University of Munich. Through his work in forestry, he developed an interest in lichens, subsequently publishing numerous articles in the field of lichenology. He traveled widely throughout Europe, and knew several languages, including classical Latin and Greek. His analysis of lichens included species from both European and exotic locales (Argentina, Brazil, New Zealand, et al.).
Through his collection and evaluation of lichenological literature (up to 1871), he made strides in establishing order out of the confusing nomenclatural situation that existed at the time. Among his written works is "Geschichte und Litteratur der Lichenologie", a book on the history and literature of lichenology from antiquity up to the year 1865.
His collection of nearly 20,000 specimens is now kept at the "Botanische Staatssammlung München". The fungi genus "Krempelhuberia" was named in his honor by Abramo Bartolommeo Massalongo.

</doc>
<doc id="36879641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879641" title="Powerlifting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 kg">
Powerlifting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 kg

The men's 100 kg powerlifting event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was contested on 5 September at ExCeL London.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing world and Paralympic records were as follows.
Results.
Key: PR=Paralympic record; WR=World record; NMR=No marks recorded

</doc>
<doc id="36879652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879652" title="Deinodryinus velteni">
Deinodryinus velteni

Deinodryinus velteni is an extinct species of "Deinodryinus" in the wasp family Dryinidae. The species is known solely from an Eocene fossil found in the Baltic region.
History and classification.
"Deinodryinus velteni" is known only from a single fossil, the holotype, an unnumbered specimen which is housed in the Paläontologie–Sektion Bernstein of the State Museum of Natural History Stuttgart in Germany. The specimen is a fully complete adult female wasp. The specimen is preserved as an inclusion in a transparent chunk of amber. The amber dates to between forty and forty-five million years old, and, being Baltic amber that has been redistributed by the sea, a more specific type location than the Baltic region is not possible to identify. "Deinodryinus velteni" was first studied by paleoentomologists Adalgisa Guglielmino and Massimo Olmi, both of the University of Tuscia. Guglielmino and Olmi's 2011 type description of the new species was published in the online journal "ZooKeys". The specific epithet "velteni" is in honor of Jürgen Velten who loaned the authors specimens that they studied. "D. velteni" is the most recent of three "Deinodryinus" species to be described from the fossil record: "Deinodryinus areolatus" is also known from a fossil preserved in Baltic amber, while "Deinodryinus? aptianus" is known only from a Mongolian compression fossil in marl.
Description.
The holotype specimen is a complete adult female with an overall coloration that is brown to black, except the palpi, which are a dull brick red. The female is in length, with antennae that are approximately three times the length of the head and macropterous forewings. The antennae are composed of ten segments, densely hairy, and distinctly club-shaped (clavate) in structure. The forewings have three cells at the base that are formed by pigmented veins. The forewings have a pterostigma which is approximately five times as long as it is wide, and a stigmal vein that is not "S" shaped. Both the fore and hind wings are uniformly slightly darkened, rather than the glassy hyaline seen in the other two described fossil species of "Deinodryinus". The length of the stigmal vein is used to separate "D. areolatus" and "D. velteni", with the distal portion of the vein being much longer than the proximal portion in "D. velteni" as opposed to "D. areolatus" where the two portions are approximately the same length.

</doc>
<doc id="36879672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879672" title="Montgomery Police Department (Alabama)">
Montgomery Police Department (Alabama)

The Montgomery, Alabama Police Department was established in 1820. It employs about 525 sworn officers and another 200 support staff. It is headed by Interim Chief John E. Brown.
Organization.
The department is divided into a number of divisions, which in turn have a number of bureaus.
The divisions are:
Slain officers.
Since its establishment, 25 officers of the Montgomery Police Department have been killed in the line of duty.

</doc>
<doc id="36879675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879675" title="Dominick Blake">
Dominick Blake

Dominick Edward Blake (1806 – 29 June 1859) was born in Ireland, was a Church of England clergyman who, along with the rest of the family, emigrated to Upper Canada in 1832.
He had a successful career and was instrumental in formation of synod policies and procedures that defined the Church in Canada. He wrote at least one position that balanced a report by James Beaven. The quality of his ministry, and others like him, ensured the successful transfer of a European institution to Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="36879685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879685" title="Powerlifting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's +100 kg">
Powerlifting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's +100 kg

The men's +100 kg powerlifting event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was contested on 5 September at ExCeL London.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing world and Paralympic records were as follows.
Results.
Key: PR=Paralympic record; WR=World record; NMR=No marks recorded

</doc>
<doc id="36879723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879723" title="Wilkes-Barre City Police Department">
Wilkes-Barre City Police Department

The Wilkes-Barre City Police Department or W-BPD, is the law enforcement agency of the city of Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania and its surrounding townships. The current Chief of Police is Gerard "Jerry" Dessoye, who had previously served as Captain of the Detectives for the W-BPD until he was promoted and replaced in 1996 by now-retired Captain Robert Mitchell. The Wilkes-Barre Police Department current has a total number 42 police officers and detectives. The police department also uses K-9 units and patrolman formerly used horses for transport in certain areas. However, the use of horses was discontinued in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36879739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879739" title="Puusepp">
Puusepp

Puusepp is an Estonian surname meaning "carpenter" (literally "woodsmith") and may refer to the following individuals:

</doc>
<doc id="36879760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879760" title="Toni Street">
Toni Street

Toni Street (born 8 September 1983) is a New Zealand television presenter and sports commentator.
Personal life.
Street was born in New Plymouth, a twin with brother Lance, who died of leukaemia when they were both 18 months old. She grew up in Taranaki, and attended New Plymouth Girls' High School, and was head girl in her last year. Toni attended Lincoln University on a sports scholarship 
Street married North Harbour rugby halfback Matt France, in December 2009. They have one daughter, Juliette, who was born in October 2012.
Television career.
Street initially joined Television New Zealand (TVNZ) in 2006 on a six-month internship. She was presenter for TVNZ's coverage of ANZ Championship and international netball. She assumed the reins from the TVNZ duo of Lavina Good and Brendan Telfer, who both stood down after the completion of National Bank Cup netball in 2007.
Street was part of TVNZ's commentary team for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. During this she received widespread criticism for a trackside interview with Irish sprinter Paul Hession. She was to be part of TVNZ's commentary team for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, but dropped out when she discovered she was pregnant.
In 2010, TVNZ lost the rights for netball coverage and Street moved into a senior role with One News, as a head sports reporter and substitute presenter for the sports bulletin.
In September 2011, TVNZ established "Saturday Breakfast", a weekend version of "Breakfast", and Street was appointed co-presenter alongside Rawdon Christie and later alongside Tamati Coffey. She was also a backup presenter for the weekday "Breakfast". In September 2012, Street took maternity leave, and was replaced by finance presenter Nadine Chalmers-Ross for two months until the show was cancelled.
In 2013, Street replaced Petra Bagust as permanent co-host of the weekday "Breakfast", alongside her former "Saturday Breakfast" co-host Rawdon Christie.
In 2014, she and Mike Hosking joined Jesse Mulligan on the "Seven Sharp" panel.

</doc>
<doc id="36879777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879777" title="Bernard Diederich">
Bernard Diederich

Bernard Diederich is a New Zealand-born author, journalist, and historian.
Born in 1926, Diederich studied in England in the early postwar years after having participated in WWII in the Pacific. In 1949, Diederich started a sailing trip with two friends that brought him to Haiti, a country that since stayed close to his heart. He stayed and settled down, while his partners continued their trip. In Port-au-Prince, he founded and edited the "Haiti Sun", a weekly English newspaper about Haitian events. As a journalist he also became a non-staff correspondent for a number of news media including the Associated Press, the New York Times, and the Daily Telegraph. In 1961 he covered the assassination of Rafael Trujillo in the neighboring Dominican Republic. Two years later, after having displeased Haiti’s dictator Papa Doc Duvalier, he was imprisoned and expelled. In the Dominican Republic he established himself as a foreign staff correspondent for Time-Life News. In 1966 Diederich moved to Mexico working for Time Magazine covering Caribbean affairs. In 1981 the office was moved to Miami, and he worked there until his retirement in 1989. The author continued to publish after retirement with the focus on the political and historical developments in the Caribbean, notably in Haiti.
In 1954 Diederich met Graham Greene and the two became friends; later, as a result of their travel along the Haitian border Diederich wrote ‘’The Seeds of Fiction: Graham Greene's Adventures in Haiti and Central America 1954–1983’’ , while Greene published ‘’The Comedians’’.
Diederich published a detailed account of Trujillo’s assassination in ‘’Trujillo: Death of the Goat’’ in 1978. After Mario Vargas Llosa published ‘’The Feast of the Goat’’, a fictionalized novel about Trujillo’s death, in 2000, Diederich accused Vargas Llosa of plagiarism.

</doc>
<doc id="36879785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879785" title="Færøsk Pakhus">
Færøsk Pakhus

Færøsk Pakhus (English: Faroese Warehouse) is a small warehouse building located at Frederiksholm Canal, on Slotsholmen, in Copenhagen, Denmark. It is now used by the Ministry of Education.
History.
Faroese Warehouse was originally located on the other side of Frederiksholm Canal. It was used for trade with the Faroe Islands. However, Christian IV's Brewhouse on Slotsholmen was hit by fire in 1767 and due to its proximity to Copenhagen Castle, the royal residence, fear of future fires prompted the decision to move the royal brewery to the far side of the canal. Faroese Warehouse was then moved to its current location next to the old brewhouse which was rebuilt and put to other use. The new building was completed in 1772.
Current use.
The building now contains meeting rooms used by the Ministry of Education, based in nearby Staldmestergården, and the Ministry of Transportation.

</doc>
<doc id="36879817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879817" title="1987 Winston 500">
1987 Winston 500

The 1987 Winston 500 was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series racing event that took place on May 3, 1987, at Alabama International Motor Speedway in Talladega, Alabama, USA. 
Summary.
There were supposed to be 188 laps in this event; but various caution flags caused this race to be delayed into the darkness, the major one being a wreck on lap 22 when Bobby Allison turned backwards, and his car went airborne and sheared off several feet of the catch fence in the tri-oval after cutting a tire on the fourth turn. Speeds for this event were not similar to what the spectators were used to; cars were literally flying towards them. Five spectators would be injured as a result of the excessively fast vehicles; two of them had to be treated in hospital while three were treated in the infield medical center and promptly released.
Since Talladega didn't have lights installed on the track at that time, it had to end after 178 laps due to nightfall. There were 41 American-born drivers on the starting grid. More than one hundred thousand people would go and see Davey Allison defeat Terry Labonte by more than three-quarters of a second. Average speed of the race was lasting three hours and four minutes, excluding the red flag period. Carburetor restrictor plates - now fuel injection restrictor plates - became "de rigueur" at Talladega and Daytona races after this event; enforcing a status quo of vehicles not going as fast as their engines desire to the present day.
Eighteen changes in the race's first-place position were made; with Bill Elliott and Davey Allison each surviving 30 laps in the lead. Chet Fillip was the last-place finisher due to a faulty engine situation that developed on the third lap. Bill Elliott would qualify for the pole position during the solo qualifying sessions with a top speed of . Ford and Chevrolet vehicles made up the majority of the participating manufacturers. Ron Bouchard made his final entry into NASCAR Cup Series competition in this race while Ed Pimm made his introduction into professional stock car racing. Davey Allison would score his first victory in this race.
Finishing order.
"* Driver failed to finish race"

</doc>
<doc id="36879819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879819" title="Pintabian Horse Registry, Inc.">
Pintabian Horse Registry, Inc.

The Pintabian Horse Registry, Inc. is the official international registering authority for the Pintabian horse. The Pintabian Horse Registry, Inc. was formed in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="36879829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879829" title="Gracile goshawk">
Gracile goshawk

The Gracile Goshawk ("Accipiter quartus") is an extinct species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family. It was endemic to the island of New Caledonia in Melanesia in the south-west Pacific region. It was described from subfossil bones found at the Pindai Caves paleontological site on the west coast of Grande Terre. The specific epithet comes from the Latin "quartus" (fourth), because it was the fourth "Accipiter" species recorded from New Caledonia. The Gracile Goshawk was smaller and much less robust than its contemporary congener the Powerful Goshawk, remains of which were also found at the same site.

</doc>
<doc id="36879852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879852" title="Salmon Lake Dam">
Salmon Lake Dam

Salmon Lake Dam (National ID # WA00291) is a dam in Okanogan County, Washington.
The earthen dam was constructed between 1919 and 1921 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, with a height of 54 feet and 1260 feet long at its crest. 
Salmon Lake Dam impounds Salmon Creek for flood control and irrigation storage, part of the larger Okanogan Project. The adjacent 1911 Conconully Dam and its reservoir, Conconully Reservoir, are also part of the same project. Both are owned by the Bureau and operated by the local Okanogan Irrigation District. 
The reservoir it creates, Conconully Lake, has a maximum capacity of 15,700 acre-feet. Recreation includes fishing (for rainbow trout, cutthroat trout and smallmouth bass), boating, camping, hiking and wildlife viewing. Conconully State Park and Conconully National Wildlife Refuge are also nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="36879855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879855" title="William Hawks">
William Hawks

William Hawks (January 29, 1901 Neenah, Wisconsin – January 10, 1969 Santa Monica, California) was an
American film producer.
By the early 1930s William Bellinger Hawks was a Hollywood theatrical agent and as such brought novelist William Faulkner to his brother Howard Hawks' attention in 1932, becoming Faulkner's Hollywood agent.
He created United Producers Corporation in 1940 with Charles Boyer, Ronald Colman, Irene Dunne, Anatole Litvak and Lewis Milestone. They intended to produce ten movies for RKO Pictures. "My Life with Caroline" was the first of the intended series, thus William became a film producer.
He was a member of the United States Croquet Association and was inducted into their Croquet Hall of Fame in 1981 as was brother Howard in 1980. He often played with actor George Sanders also a 1980 inductee. Hawks most often played with a Jaques mallet as did Sanders.
Family.
See Wikipedia entry for brother Howard Hawks for Hawks family history. He was also the brother of Film director Kenneth Hawks.
William married actress Bessie Love (September 10, 1898 Midland, Texas – April 26, 1986 London, UK) at St. James Episcopal Church in Pasadena, California, on December 27, 1929. Mary Astor, Bebe Daniels, Carmel Myers, Norma Shearer and Blanche Sweet were her bridesmaids, and Howard Hawks and Irving Thalberg ushered. Mary Astor was William's sister-in-law, married to brother Kenneth Hawks.
William and Bessie then lived at the Havenhurst Apartments in Hollywood. They had daughter Patricia Hawks (February 19, 1932 Los Angeles) who had some bit parts in 1952 movies. They divorced in 1935.
He married actress Virginia Walker (July 31, 1916 Boston, Massachusetts – December 23, 1946 Los Angeles) in late June 1938 in Mexico. She had played Miss Alice Swallow in the 1938 comedy film "Bringing Up Baby", her first film role.
He was married to Boston socialite Frances Koshland (1916 – ?) on October 3, 1951, in West Los Angeles by Municipal Judge Louis Kaufmann. It was his third marriage and her fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="36879863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879863" title="Martin-Gruber Anastomosis">
Martin-Gruber Anastomosis

The Martin-Gruber Anastomosis (or Martin-Gruber Connection) is a communicating nerve branch between the median nerve and the ulnar nerve in the forearm. It is the most common anastomotic anomaly that occurs between these two nerves. This connection carries motor nerve fibers. In cases of nerve lesions of the median or ulnar nerves the MGA can serve as a conduit for alternative innervation of portions of the forearm or hand. This inconstant pattern of connection can serve as explanation for a difficult or challenging differential diagnosis. In one study, the MGA was found in 22.9% of cadaver specimens. This relatively high incidence demonstrates the necessity for healthcare specialists to factor the MGA into their diagnoses.

</doc>
<doc id="36879864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879864" title="Mario Hernández (Fashion House)">
Mario Hernández (Fashion House)

Mario Hernández is a Colombian luxury fashion and style house based in Bogotá, Colombia. It is named after its founder, Mario Hernandez (1941–Present).
History.
Mario Hernandez started his clothing company in 1978 in Bogota, in a small district in the city, where it is still based. However, due to the economic climate in Colombia at the time, Hernandez was forced to borrow money. By 1979, he reached an agreement with his creditors, which left him with just 3 sewing machines to restart his business. The same year, he became a sensation in the city for the quality of his products. He later stated that he had formed a little globalization within Colombia. After his brands became well known in his country, he moved into neighboring Venezuela and Panama. With more fame in the upper classes in those countries, he started opening markets in countries like Argentina, Brazil, Uruguay and most of South America. His sales increase came in North America, opening markets starting with Mexico to United States and parts of Canada. In the 2000s, Mario Hernandez was known almost all over America and started to open up the European market, selling in luxury leather goods sales points. Today Mario is recognized by important companies such as Johnnie Walker, who referred to him as ¨Walking with a Colombian giant¨. Since 2006 an award has been issued, in his name, for the best design of the year.
Product line.
The fashion house manufactures clothes, shoes, bags, jewelry, etc. and in the future, fragrances.
Most part of the collections are manufactured with exotic leathers, while taking care of every detail.
MH have special female edition bags called ""Paper"" with artistic designs.
Manufacturing and distribution.
Mario Hernández currently has at least 110 points of sale in almost 15 countries.
Products are manufactured exclusively in Colombia by artesans.
In the past the original name was Marroquineria SA.

</doc>
<doc id="36879871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879871" title="Turbonilla simileulimella">
Turbonilla simileulimella

Turbonilla simileulimella is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879873" title="Joseph Fadelle">
Joseph Fadelle

Joseph Fadelle (born Mohammed al-Sayyid al-Moussawi), is a Roman Catholic convert from Islam and a writer born in 1964 in Iraq in a Muslim Shiite family.
Biography.
Born in Iraq, in a relatively wealthy older aristocratic family Shiite of this country, Fadelle fled the country with his wife and children because of the fatwa after his conversion. His conversion took place from a conversation with a Christian during his military service, and a dream and a strict reading of the Koran and the Bible. Joseph Fadelle went through a phase of Atheism. He also had a dream that led him to embrace the Christian faith. He lived his conversion secret for many months, including with his wife and two children, and was discovered by his wife, who followed in his approach, then his family, some of whom wanted to kill him. Tortured by the political regime of Saddam Hussein for several months at the request of an uncle, Fadelle was released only after his uncle died. He had to wait long to be baptized, as the Catholic authorities sought to avoid falling foul of an Iraqi law banning conversions. To flee the country, Fadelle left through Jordan, narrowly escaping an assassination attempt organised by his own brothers, and where a Muslim official of UNHCR (UN High Commissioner for Refugees) falsely accused Fadelle before Western authorities of complicity in the gas attack on Kurds which left 5,000 dead. Fadelle has lived in France since 2001 and has since obtained French nationality.
His autobiography The price to pay, published in 2010, sold 50,000 copies sold by late 2010. In it, he describes his conversion, and refers to Muhammad as a political strategist not a religious man and Islam as a prison from which his conversion liberated him.
When traveling in public, Fadelle is escorted by police because of death threats.
References.
The price to pay (autobiography), published on 25 March 2010, The Work Editions, ISBN 978-2-35631-060-6.

</doc>
<doc id="36879877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879877" title="Turbonilla similtiberia">
Turbonilla similtiberia

Turbonilla similtiberia is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879878" title="Turbonilla simpsoni">
Turbonilla simpsoni

Turbonilla simpsoni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879879" title="Turbonilla sinaloana">
Turbonilla sinaloana

Turbonilla sinaloana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879880" title="Turbonilla sinensis">
Turbonilla sinensis

Turbonilla sinensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879882" title="Turbonilla singularis">
Turbonilla singularis

Turbonilla singularis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879884" title="Turbonilla sinuosa">
Turbonilla sinuosa

Turbonilla sinuosa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36879885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879885" title="Turbonilla sirena">
Turbonilla sirena

Turbonilla sirena is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879886" title="Turbonilla smithsoni">
Turbonilla smithsoni

Turbonilla smithsoni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879888" title="Turbonilla solomonensis">
Turbonilla solomonensis

Turbonilla solomonensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879890" title="Jazz Lab">
Jazz Lab

Jazz Lab is an album by American jazz trumpeter Donald Byrd and saxophonist Gigi Gryce featuring tracks recorded in 1957 for the Columbia label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4½ stars stating "With some of the best arrangements heard in jazz and excellent solos by Gryce, Byrd, and Flanagan, "Jazz Lab" makes for an excellent introduction to the hard bop catalog".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Gigi Gryce except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36879891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879891" title="Turbonilla soniliana">
Turbonilla soniliana

Turbonilla soniliana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879892" title="Turbonilla sororia">
Turbonilla sororia

Turbonilla sororia is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879893" title="Turbonilla speciosa">
Turbonilla speciosa

Turbonilla speciosa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879895" title="Turbonilla speira">
Turbonilla speira

Turbonilla speira is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36879896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879896" title="Turbonilla stearnsii">
Turbonilla stearnsii

Turbonilla stearnsii is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879897" title="Turbonilla stelleri">
Turbonilla stelleri

Turbonilla stelleri is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879898" title="Turbonilla stenogyra">
Turbonilla stenogyra

Turbonilla stenogyra is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879899" title="Turbonilla stephanogyra">
Turbonilla stephanogyra

Turbonilla stephanogyra is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879900" title="Turbonilla stillmani">
Turbonilla stillmani

Turbonilla stillmani is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879902" title="Turbonilla stimpsoni">
Turbonilla stimpsoni

Turbonilla stimpsoni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879903" title="Turbonilla stipes">
Turbonilla stipes

Turbonilla stipes is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879906" title="Turbonilla stonei">
Turbonilla stonei

Turbonilla stonei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879910" title="Turbonilla strebeli">
Turbonilla strebeli

Turbonilla strebeli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879913" title="Turbonilla striatula">
Turbonilla striatula

Turbonilla striatula is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36879918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879918" title="Turbonilla striosa">
Turbonilla striosa

Turbonilla striosa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879919" title="Turbonilla strongi">
Turbonilla strongi

Turbonilla strongi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879921" title="Turbonilla stylina">
Turbonilla stylina

Turbonilla stylina is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879923" title="Turbonilla subangulata">
Turbonilla subangulata

Turbonilla subangulata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879927" title="Turbonilla substriata">
Turbonilla substriata

Turbonilla substriata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36879931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879931" title="Turbonilla subtilissima">
Turbonilla subtilissima

Turbonilla subtilissima is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879933" title="Turbonilla subula">
Turbonilla subula

Turbonilla subula is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879937" title="Turbonilla subulina">
Turbonilla subulina

Turbonilla subulina is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36879939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879939" title="Turbonilla sulacana">
Turbonilla sulacana

Turbonilla sulacana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879942" title="Turbonilla summafulgens">
Turbonilla summafulgens

Turbonilla summafulgens is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879944" title="Turbonilla sumneri">
Turbonilla sumneri

Turbonilla sumneri is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:
Notes.
Additional information regarding this species:

</doc>
<doc id="36879947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879947" title="Turbonilla superba">
Turbonilla superba

Turbonilla superba is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879950" title="Turbonilla sursumnodosa">
Turbonilla sursumnodosa

Turbonilla sursumnodosa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879953" title="Turbonilla susomendezi">
Turbonilla susomendezi

Turbonilla susomendezi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879955" title="Turbonilla suteri">
Turbonilla suteri

Turbonilla suteri is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879959" title="Turbonilla suturabrevis">
Turbonilla suturabrevis

Turbonilla suturabrevis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879963" title="Turbonilla suva">
Turbonilla suva

Turbonilla suva is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879964" title="Ricardo Arias Calderón">
Ricardo Arias Calderón

Ricardo Arias Calderón (born 4 May 1933) is a Panamanian politician who served as First Vice President from 1989 to 1992. A Roman Catholic who studied at Yale and the Sorbonne, Arias returned to Panama in the 1960s to work for political reform. He went on to become the president of the Christian Democratic Party of Panama and a leading opponent of the military government of Manuel Noriega. In 1984, he ran as a candidate for Second Vice President on the ticket of three-time former president Arnulfo Arias, but they were defeated by pro-Noriega candidate Nicolás Ardito Barletta.
Following an annulled 1989 election and the US invasion of Panama later in the same year, Arias Calderón was sworn in as First Vice President of Panama under President Guillermo Endara. After growing tensions in the ruling coalition, Arias resigned his position on December 17, 1992, stating that the government had not done enough to help Panama's people. He continued to be an active voice in Panamanian politics following his resignation, supporting the Panama Canal expansion project and opposing the extradition of Noriega.
Background.
Arias' maternal family was from Nicaragua, having left during political upheaval there before Arias' birth. One of Arias' great uncles ran for president in Panama, while another was a supporter of the Nicaraguan revolutionary Sandino, a family history that gave Arias an early interest in politics. His father, an engineer, died when Arias was two years old, and he was raised primarily by his mother, aunt, and grandmother. His mother later remarried to a Panamanian ambassador to the United States. 
Arias studied at Culver Military Academy in Indiana in the US. He later majored in English literature at Yale University and philosophy at Paris-Sorbonne University. A Roman Catholic, Arias was heavily influenced by Catholic French philosopher and ethicist Jacques Maritain. Aesthetic, publicly stiff, and accused of aloofness, Arias would later be nicknamed "Arias Cardinal Calderón" during his political career.
Early political career.
Arias returned to Panama in the early 1960s to work for political reform, soon joining the small Christian Democratic Party of Panama. In 1972, he left Panama for some time with his family, becoming a dean and later vice president at Florida International University in Miami, Florida in the US. In 1980, however, he declined an offer to become provost, and instead returned to Panamanian politics. 
During the rule of military leader Manuel Noriega, Arias was an opposition leader as the president of the Christian Democratic Party of Panama, a member party of the Civic Democratic Opposition Alliance (ADOC). He ran on the ticket of three-time former president Arnulfo Arias (no relation) in the 1984 election as the National Alliance of Opposition's candidate for Second Vice President. Arnulfo Arias was narrowly defeated by Noriega ally Nicolás Ardito Barletta Vallarino, and the opposition stated that the election had been fraudulent.
In February 1988, plainclothes police officers forced Arias Calderón and his wife onto a plane to Costa Rica at gunpoint, and the couple spent a month in exile in Miami. Arias returned to Panama in March, calling openly for Noriega's ouster on arrival at the Omar Torrijos International Airport. In Panama's May 1989 elections, Arias stood as a candidate for First Vice President with the ADOC, with Guillermo Endara as the presidential candidate and Guillermo Ford as the candidate for Second Vice President. However, Noriega's government annulled the election before voting was complete. Days after the completion of voting, Endara, Arias, and Ford were attacked on camera by Noriega supporters while security forces observed and refused to intervene. In October of that year, Arias was briefly arrested for urging citizens not to pay taxes to his government.
Vice presidency.
Following Noriega's fall in the December 1989 US invasion of Panama, Arias was certified as vice president of Panama under President Endara and inaugurated on a US military base. 
Arias was put in charge of reforming the Panamanian police forces, putting them under civilian control. He controversially employed former members of Noriega's Panamanian Defense Forces, stating that he trusted them with his own security and that it was "time to look to the future". His defense of former PDF soldiers split supporters of the coalition government, and in May 1990, sparked rumors that he and the CDP were attempting a coup while Endara was out of the country. The presidential offices were occupied by Endara loyalists with submachineguns, who accidentally shot and killed one of Endara's staff members.
In early 1991, the ADOC coalition began to unravel as Endara, Arias, and Ford publicly criticized one another. On April 8, accusing Arias' Christian Democrats of not rallying to his support during an impeachment vote, Endara dismissed Arias from the cabinet.
Arias resigned from the vice presidency on December 17, 1992, stating at a news conference that Endara's government "does not listen to the people, nor does it have the courage to make changes". Endara responded that Arias' resignation was "demagoguery" and "merely starting his 1994 political campaign ahead of time".
Later activity.
Arias was an opponent of the post-invasion US presence in Panama before the December 31, 1999 handover of the Panama Canal to the Panama Canal Authority. Arias was criticized in 1998 by Endara's successor, Ernesto Pérez Balladares, as "immoral" for having claimed almost $100,000 in salary from his time as vice president despite having resigned. Arias subsequently challenged Pérez Balladares to a debate over the morality of the latter's plans to amend the constitution and seek a second term. 
In 2001, Arias released a book, "Democracy without an Army: The Panamanian Experience", arguing that the nation must keep its security forces depoliticized. That same year, he allied with Democratic Revolutionary Party, the former party of Noriega. He later pressed criminal defamation charges against "La Prensa" cartoonist Julio Briceño for a cartoon of Arias standing besides the Grim Reaper, representing the new alliance. Arias additionally asked for a million dollars in damages, stating "That cartoon made me an accomplice of a crime ... That was a defamation I could not accept or tolerate. I was the one who denounced those crimes at the time of the dictatorship." In 2006, he supported a project to widen the canal, calling it "historical suicide" not to do so.
Arias opposed the 2011 extradition of Noriega from France to Panama, warning that the former dictator could institute a "demagogic populism" similar to that of Venezuela's Hugo Chávez.
Personal life.
Arias has a Cuban-born wife, Teresa, whom he married in 1964 and with whom he has four children. In the 1960s, she broke new ground for political spouses by attending political rallies and campaigning actively for her husband. Because Endara was a widower, she also acted as Panama's First Lady until Endara remarried to Ana Mae Diaz Chen in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36879965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879965" title="Turbonilla swani">
Turbonilla swani

Turbonilla swani is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879968" title="Turbonilla swinneni">
Turbonilla swinneni

Turbonilla swinneni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879969" title="Turbonilla syrtensis">
Turbonilla syrtensis

Turbonilla syrtensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36879973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879973" title="Turbonilla talma">
Turbonilla talma

Turbonilla talma is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879978" title="Turbonilla tanquamacus">
Turbonilla tanquamacus

Turbonilla tanquamacus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879980" title="Turbonilla taroaniara">
Turbonilla taroaniara

Turbonilla taroaniara is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879981" title="Turbonilla tarragai">
Turbonilla tarragai

Turbonilla tarragai is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879982" title="Turbonilla tasmanica">
Turbonilla tasmanica

Turbonilla tasmanica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879983" title="Turbonilla taylori">
Turbonilla taylori

Turbonilla taylori is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879985" title="Turbonilla tecalco">
Turbonilla tecalco

Turbonilla tecalco is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879986" title="Turbonilla tefunta">
Turbonilla tefunta

Turbonilla tefunta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879987" title="Turbonilla tehuantepecana">
Turbonilla tehuantepecana

Turbonilla tehuantepecana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879989" title="Turbonilla templadoi">
Turbonilla templadoi

Turbonilla templadoi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879991" title="Turbonilla templetonis">
Turbonilla templetonis

Turbonilla templetonis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879992" title="Turbonilla tenuicula">
Turbonilla tenuicula

Turbonilla tenuicula is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879993" title="Turbonilla tenuilirata">
Turbonilla tenuilirata

Turbonilla tenuilirata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36879997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36879997" title="Turbonilla terebralis">
Turbonilla terebralis

Turbonilla terebralis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880001" title="Turbonilla terminuslevis">
Turbonilla terminuslevis

Turbonilla terminuslevis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880002" title="Turbonilla textilis">
Turbonilla textilis

Turbonilla textilis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36880005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880005" title="Turbonilla thaanumi">
Turbonilla thaanumi

Turbonilla thaanumi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880008" title="Turbonilla thakombau">
Turbonilla thakombau

Turbonilla thakombau is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880011" title="Turbonilla theone">
Turbonilla theone

Turbonilla theone is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880012" title="Turbonilla thewe">
Turbonilla thewe

Turbonilla thewe is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880013" title="Turbonilla thyne">
Turbonilla thyne

Turbonilla thyne is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880015" title="Turbonilla tia">
Turbonilla tia

Turbonilla tia is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880018" title="Turbonilla tincta">
Turbonilla tincta

Turbonilla tincta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880020" title="Niigata Prefectural Civic Center">
Niigata Prefectural Civic Center

The is a large multipurpose public cultural facility in Chūō-ku, Niigata, Japan, which opened on 1 December 1967.
Facilities.
The main concert hall seats 1,730, and the smaller hall seats 300.
History.
Construction of the building started on 20 September 1966. The total construction cost was 923 million yen, and was partially funded using relief donations following the June 1964 Niigata earthquake. The building opened on 21 November 1967.
Performances.
Musical artists and groups that have appeared on stage at the Niigata Prefectural Civic Center include the following.
Access.
The complex is located within Hakusan Park, and the nearest station to the Niigata Prefectural Civic Center is Hakusan Station on the JR Echigo Line, 15 minutes' walk away. It is 15 minutes by car or bus from the main Niigata Station.

</doc>
<doc id="36880021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880021" title="Turbonilla tolteca">
Turbonilla tolteca

Turbonilla tolteca is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880022" title="Turbonilla tongaensis">
Turbonilla tongaensis

Turbonilla tongaensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880025" title="Turbonilla toniperezi">
Turbonilla toniperezi

Turbonilla toniperezi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880026" title="Turbonilla torquata">
Turbonilla torquata

Turbonilla torquata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880032" title="Turbonilla toyatani">
Turbonilla toyatani

Turbonilla toyatani is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:
Notes.
Additional information regarding this species:

</doc>
<doc id="36880036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880036" title="Turbonilla traveli">
Turbonilla traveli

Turbonilla traveli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880037" title="Turbonilla tremperi">
Turbonilla tremperi

Turbonilla tremperi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880039" title="Turbonilla tridentata">
Turbonilla tridentata

Turbonilla tridentata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880041" title="Turbonilla truncatelloides">
Turbonilla truncatelloides

Turbonilla truncatelloides is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880044" title="Turbonilla tubaui">
Turbonilla tubaui

Turbonilla tubaui is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880045" title="Turbonilla tuckeri">
Turbonilla tuckeri

Turbonilla tuckeri is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880047" title="Turbonilla tugelae">
Turbonilla tugelae

Turbonilla tugelae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880049" title="Turbonilla tupinamba">
Turbonilla tupinamba

Turbonilla tupinamba is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880050" title="Turbonilla turrita">
Turbonilla turrita

Turbonilla turrita is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880051" title="Turbonilla uaca">
Turbonilla uaca

Turbonilla uaca is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880054" title="Turbonilla uespi">
Turbonilla uespi

Turbonilla uespi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880055" title="Turbonilla ulloa">
Turbonilla ulloa

Turbonilla ulloa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880056" title="Turbonilla ulyssi">
Turbonilla ulyssi

Turbonilla ulyssi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880058" title="Cyhl Quarles">
Cyhl Quarles

Cyhl Quarles (pronounced "Kyle") (born April 6, 1989) is an American Football strong safety who is currently a free agent. He signed with the Baltimore Ravens as an undrafted free agent. He played college football at Wake Forest.
Early years.
Quarles grew up on Singleton Road in the neighborhood of Gladiator, which is located in Norcross, Georgia. Quarles attended Meadowcreek High School, also in Norcross. Quarles was ranked as the 88th-best safety nationally by Scout and also was ranked as 49th-best prospect of the state of Georgia. He was a sprinter on the track high school team in which he ran the 100 meter dash 10.68 seconds. Quarles was named the Atlanta Journal-Constitution Defensive Player of the Week once during high school.
College career.
Quarles played at Wake Forest. For his career at Wake Forest, He finished with 239 tackles, 2 interceptions, 6 passes defended and one forced fumble.
In his Senior year, He had a career-high 101 tackles, 3 passes defended and 2 fumble recoveries. On September 1, 2011, He had 10 tackles against Syracuse in the season opener but Wake Forest loss 36-29 in overtime. On September 10, 2011, He recorded 12 tackles along with one pass deflection against North Carolina State helping Wake Forest win 34-27. On September 17, 2011, He recorded 5 tackles against Gardner-Webb helping Wake Forest win that game 48-5.
In his Junior year, He had 71 tackles, one interception, one forced fumble and one passes defended.
In his Sophomore year, He had 62 tackles, one interception, 2 passes defended for the season.
In his Freshman year, He only had 5 tackles for the entire season.
Professional career.
Baltimore Ravens.
On April 30, 2012, Quarles signed with the Baltimore Ravens as an undrafted free agent. On August 31, 2012, He was released.
New England Patriots.
On September 12, 2012, Quarles signed with the New England Patriots to join their practice squad. On September 28, 2012, Quarles was released from the practice squad. On December 26, 2012, Quarles resigned with the team to join the practice squad.
Chicago Bears.
On January 28, 2013, Quarles signed with the Chicago Bears to a reserve/future contract.
On August 11, 2013, Quarles was waived by the Bears.

</doc>
<doc id="36880060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880060" title="Turbonilla undata">
Turbonilla undata

Turbonilla undata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880063" title="Turbonilla unifasciata">
Turbonilla unifasciata

Turbonilla unifasciata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880067" title="Fukushima Prefectural Culture Center">
Fukushima Prefectural Culture Center

The is a large multipurpose public cultural facility in the city of Fukushima, Japan, which opened in September 1970.
Facilities.
The building includes a main concert hall, which seats 1,752, and a smaller hall, which seats 379.
History.
The Fukushima Prefectural Culture Center opened in September 1970.
The building sustained extensive damage in the Great East Japan Earthquake on 11 March 2011, and was closed to the public until some parts were able to be reopened for use from 13 August 2011. From 28 December 2011, the entire facility was closed again temporarily for work to repair earthquake damage and reinforce the building. It reopened from 29 September 2012.
Performances.
Musical artists and groups that have appeared on stage at the Fukushima Prefectural Culture Center include the following.
Art exhibitions.
The Contemporary Art Biennale of Fukushima exhibition was held at the Fukushima Prefectural Culture Center every two years since 2004, but had to be relocated to Fukushima Airport in 2012 because the facility was rendered unusable by the March 2011 earthquake damage.
Access.
The Fukushima Prefectural Culture Center is located approximately 10 minutes by car from the main Fukushima Station.

</doc>
<doc id="36880068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880068" title="Turbonilla unilirata">
Turbonilla unilirata

Turbonilla unilirata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36880070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880070" title="Turbonilla urdeneta">
Turbonilla urdeneta

Turbonilla urdeneta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880072" title="Turbonilla urgorrii">
Turbonilla urgorrii

Turbonilla urgorrii is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880074" title="Turbonilla uruguayensis">
Turbonilla uruguayensis

Turbonilla uruguayensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880078" title="Turbonilla utuana">
Turbonilla utuana

Turbonilla utuana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880079" title="Turbonilla vaghena">
Turbonilla vaghena

Turbonilla vaghena is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880080" title="Turbonilla vaillanti">
Turbonilla vaillanti

Turbonilla vaillanti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:
Notes.
Additional information regarding this species:

</doc>
<doc id="36880082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880082" title="Turbonilla valdeobesa">
Turbonilla valdeobesa

Turbonilla valdeobesa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880084" title="Turbonilla valida">
Turbonilla valida

Turbonilla valida is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880086" title="Turbonilla vancouverensis">
Turbonilla vancouverensis

Turbonilla vancouverensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880088" title="Turbonilla varicifera">
Turbonilla varicifera

Turbonilla varicifera is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880090" title="Turbonilla varicosa">
Turbonilla varicosa

Turbonilla varicosa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880093" title="Turbonilla vatilau">
Turbonilla vatilau

Turbonilla vatilau is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies. The group as a whole is characterized by a narrow, spiraling conical shell, typically a few centimeters in length.

</doc>
<doc id="36880094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880094" title="Turbonilla vegrandis">
Turbonilla vegrandis

Turbonilla vegrandis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880096" title="Turbonilla venusta">
Turbonilla venusta

Turbonilla venusta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880098" title="Turbonilla verecunda">
Turbonilla verecunda

Turbonilla verecunda is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880100" title="Turbonilla verrilli">
Turbonilla verrilli

Turbonilla verrilli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:
Notes.
Additional information regarding this species:

</doc>
<doc id="36880101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880101" title="Turbonilla vesperis">
Turbonilla vesperis

Turbonilla vesperis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880102" title="Turbonilla vestae">
Turbonilla vestae

Turbonilla vestae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880103" title="Turbonilla vexativa">
Turbonilla vexativa

Turbonilla vexativa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880104" title="Kris Mataram">
Kris Mataram

Kris Mataram is a 1940 film from the Dutch East Indies that was directed by Njoo Cheong Seng and starred Fifi Young and Omar Rodriga as two lovers divided by class. Young's feature film debut, the film was the first produced by Oriental Films and depended on Young's stardom as a stage actress to attract viewers. It may be a lost film.
Plot.
A young noblewoman from Kartasura, R. A. Roosmini (Fifi Young), falls in love with a commoner named Bachtiar (Omar Rodriga). She wants to be with him, but her father R. M. Hadikusumo insists that she marry a man from a similar background. The two run away together, but Bachtiar is recalled by his family and forced to marry a woman he does not love. Roosmini, rather than marry a man she does not love or live alone, stabs herself with her sacred kris and dies.
Production.
"Kris Mataram" was produced by Oriental Film, a newly established studio. It brought Fifi Young and her husband Njoo Cheong Seng to the studio: Young – a former stage star – to act and Njoo to direct and write the film. It was his directorial debut, and the script for "Kris Mataram" had previously been intended for the stage. Joshua Wong, formerly of Tan's Film, was drawn to Oriental Film to handle the cinematography for "Kris Mataram". Wong was disappointed over the profit sharing of his ventures with Tan's.
The title, which literally translates as "kris of Mataram", was chosen to attract attention; the Indonesian film historian Misbach Yusa Biran describes the work as not relating to the culture of Mataram. The film was seen as contrasting traditionalism against modernity, as well as Western and Eastern cultures. The film was black-and-white, with Malay-language dialogue.
Release.
The film made its debut on 29 June 1940 in Rex Theatre, Batavia (modern-day Jakarta). "Kris Mataram" was targeted at lower-class audiences. Biran writes that its audiences were mostly those who enjoyed the traditional "toneel" stage plays, partly because of the film's reliance on Young to attract viewers.
"Kris Mataram" is likely a lost film. The American visual anthropologist Karl G. Heider writes that all Indonesian films from before 1950 are lost. However, JB Kristanto's "Katalog Film Indonesia" ("Indonesian Film Catalogue") records several as having survived at Sinematek Indonesia's archives, and Biran writes that several Japanese propaganda films have survived at the Netherlands Government Information Service.
References.
Footnotes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36880105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880105" title="Turbonilla vigilia">
Turbonilla vigilia

Turbonilla vigilia is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880106" title="Turbonilla villeni">
Turbonilla villeni

Turbonilla villeni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880110" title="Turbonilla villi">
Turbonilla villi

Turbonilla villi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880111" title="I Don't Like">
I Don't Like

"I Don't Like" is the debut single by Chief Keef featuring Lil Reese. It was released on March 11, 2012. It peaked at #73 on the Billboard Hot 100, #20 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, and #15 on the Rap Songs chart. The song was produced by Young Chop. The video for "I Don't Like" went viral with over 30 million views on YouTube, as of December 2012.
Background.
Originally the song was released on Chief Keef's third mixtape "Back from the Dead" for free digital download on March 14, 2012. The mixtape was then mastered and made available for purchase on iTunes, with the "I Don't Like" single officially released on July 24, 2012. Complex named the song #7 on their list of the best 50 songs of 2012.
Music video.
The music video, directed by DGainz, was released and uploaded on Keef's official YouTube account on March 11, 2012. It has over 30 million views however since has been removed and been uploaded on Chief Keef's VEVO account. 
GOOD Music remix.
Kanye West put together a remix that features Pusha T, Big Sean, and Jadakiss. The remix is featured in an updated version as the final track on the G.O.O.D. Music compilation album, "Cruel Summer" as "Don't Like.1". There is an Alternate version featuring featuring Kevin Cash and Kenny Dunk in which he dissed rival rapper T-Dogg. As of june 2014 that verson has been downloaded more than 30k times off of popular online stores such as Itunes and Google Play 
Chart performance.
"I Don't Like" entered and peaked at number 73 on the US Billboard Hot 100. Elsewhere in the US, "I Don't Like" peaked at number 20 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and number 15 on the Rap Songs chart.

</doc>
<doc id="36880112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880112" title="Turbonilla virga">
Turbonilla virga

Turbonilla virga is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36880113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880113" title="Turbonilla virgata">
Turbonilla virgata

Turbonilla virgata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880115" title="Turbonilla virginica">
Turbonilla virginica

Turbonilla virginica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:
Notes.
Additional information regarding this species:

</doc>
<doc id="36880117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880117" title="Turbonilla virginieherosae">
Turbonilla virginieherosae

Turbonilla virginieherosae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880118" title="Turbonilla virgo">
Turbonilla virgo

Turbonilla virgo is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880119" title="Turbonilla virgulinoi">
Turbonilla virgulinoi

Turbonilla virgulinoi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880121" title="Turbonilla viridaria">
Turbonilla viridaria

Turbonilla viridaria is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36880122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880122" title="Turbonilla viscainoi">
Turbonilla viscainoi

Turbonilla viscainoi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880124" title="Turbonilla vitilevu">
Turbonilla vitilevu

Turbonilla vitilevu is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880125" title="Turbonilla vivesi">
Turbonilla vivesi

Turbonilla vivesi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880127" title="Turbonilla vix">
Turbonilla vix

Turbonilla vix is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880131" title="Turbonilla waitemata">
Turbonilla waitemata

Turbonilla waitemata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880135" title="Turbonilla walpole">
Turbonilla walpole

Turbonilla walpole is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880138" title="Turbonilla weldi">
Turbonilla weldi

Turbonilla weldi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880142" title="Turbonilla westermanni">
Turbonilla westermanni

Turbonilla westermanni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880143" title="Turbonilla wetmorei">
Turbonilla wetmorei

Turbonilla wetmorei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880144" title="Turbonilla whiteavesi">
Turbonilla whiteavesi

Turbonilla whiteavesi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:
Notes.
Additional information regarding this species:

</doc>
<doc id="36880145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880145" title="Turbonilla wickhami">
Turbonilla wickhami

Turbonilla wickhami is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880146" title="Turbonilla willaseni">
Turbonilla willaseni

Turbonilla willaseni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880150" title="Turbonilla willetti">
Turbonilla willetti

Turbonilla willetti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880152" title="Turbonilla wrightsvillensis">
Turbonilla wrightsvillensis

Turbonilla wrightsvillensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36880153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880153" title="Turbonilla xartoi">
Turbonilla xartoi

Turbonilla xartoi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880155" title="Turbonilla yolettae">
Turbonilla yolettae

Turbonilla yolettae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880156" title="List of members of the United Kingdom House of Commons who died in 2012">
List of members of the United Kingdom House of Commons who died in 2012

This is a list of the members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom who died in 2012. No members have whilst serving as a Member of Parliament this year. No births have been recorded for this year.

</doc>
<doc id="36880157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880157" title="Turbonilla zacae">
Turbonilla zacae

Turbonilla zacae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880158" title="Turbonilla zealandica">
Turbonilla zealandica

Turbonilla zealandica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880160" title="Turbonilla zulmae">
Turbonilla zulmae

Turbonilla zulmae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880161" title="Visma sowerbyi">
Visma sowerbyi

Visma sowerbyi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880163" title="Volutaxiella subantarctica">
Volutaxiella subantarctica

Volutaxiella subantarctica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880166" title="Volutaxiella translucens">
Volutaxiella translucens

Volutaxiella translucens is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880169" title="Yoshishigea choshuana">
Yoshishigea choshuana

Yoshishigea choshuana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880172" title="Zaphella tenuicostata">
Zaphella tenuicostata

Zaphella tenuicostata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880190" title="Makari, Tonkolili">
Makari, Tonkolili

Makari is a small village in Tonkolili District, Northern Province, of Sierra Leone, West Africa. It is located on a hill above the right (north) bank of the Pampana River.

</doc>
<doc id="36880216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880216" title="Rio, Louisiana">
Rio, Louisiana

Rio is an unincorporated community in Washington Parish, Louisiana, United States. Rio is located at the junction of Louisiana Highway 1074 and Louisiana Highway 1075 south-southwest of Bogalusa.

</doc>
<doc id="36880226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880226" title="Trevecca Nazarene Trojans">
Trevecca Nazarene Trojans

The Trevecca Nazarene Trojans are composed of 14 teams representing Trevecca Nazarene University in intercollegiate athletics, including men's and women's basketball, baseball, track & field, golf, cross country, volleyball, and softball.

</doc>
<doc id="36880257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880257" title="Castel Sant'Elmo">
Castel Sant'Elmo

Castel Sant'Elmo is a medieval fortress located on a hilltop near the Certosa di San Martino, overlooking Naples, Italy. The name "Sant'Elmo" derives from a former 10th-century church, Sant'Erasmo, shortened to "Ermo" and, finally altered to "Elmo". It presently serves as a museum, exhibition hall, and offices.
History.
Documents date a structure at the site from 1275, from the era of Charles d'Anjou. Known originally as "Belforte", it was likely a fortified residence, surrounded by walls, its entrance gate marked by two turrets. In 1329, using designs by the Sienese architect Tino da Camaino, the Duke Robert d'Anjou enlarged the fortress described in documents as "palatium in summitatae montanae Sancti Erasmi". Camaino also supervised construction of the adjacent Carthusian monastery of San Martino. By 1336, the palace was referred to as a "castrum" or castle, and work continued under Camaino till his death in 1343. 
Attanasio Primario and Francesco di Vico then directed construction. By 1348 documents refer to the building as "castrum Sancti Erasmi", probably because a chapel dedicated to Saint Erasmus was originally located on the site. The Angevin fortress was severely damaged in an earthquake in 1456, which demolished the external walls and the towers. The Argonese rulers of Naples, and notably Don Pedro de Toledo, the first governor and cousin of the Viceroy, included it in a comprehensive scheme designed to fortify the land perimeter of the city, based on four separate strongholds. "Castel Sant'Erasmo" acquired its hexagonal star shape between 1537 and 1547 under the designs of Pedro Luis Escriva from Valencia, a military architect. The daring hexagonal shape drew fierce criticism from his contemporaries, to such an extent that in 1538 Escriva defended his design in a published "Apologia".
In fact, with its double tenaille, numerous embrasures in the bastions and high walls surrounded by a moat, the castle was admirably suited to the topography of the site and the strategic and defensive functions. In 1538 a commemorative inscription was placed above the entrance gate, surmounted by Charles V's coat of arms and the two-headed Imperial eagle.
The castle served as an autonomous military outpost, with a governor who had absolute authority over both military and civilian matters. Around the parade grounds were situated the officers' quarters, chaplain's house, a church (1547) designed by the Spanish architect Pietro Prato, and the surviving buildings from the Angevin Belforte. Don Pedro de Toledo's funerary monument (1588) is found in the sacristy of the church.
In 1587 the munitions depot of the castle was struck by lightning, and exploded, destroying the church, the chaplain's house and the officers' quarters. Reconstruction was carried out between 1599 and 1601 under the architect Domenico Fontana. Despite successive rebuildings over the centuries, the castle conserves its original structure. Built of volcanic tufa, it overlords over Naples, and ever since the famous Tavola Strozzi incident (late 15th century), for centuries it was a symbol and bastion of government oppression. In 1604 it was used to imprison Tommaso Campanella, branded as a heretic, and in 1799 the patriots of the Neapolitan Revolution, including Gennaro Serra, Mario Pagano and Luigia Sanfelice. With the departure of the Bourbon garrison in 1860, it remained a military prison until 1952, when the prison was transferred to Gaeta.
Present.
It continued to be military property until 1976, when an enormous restoration project was undertaken by the provincial authority of the "Proveditorato alle Opere Pubbliche of the Regione Campania". In seven years the original castle was freed of centuries of accretions, and made structurally sound, recreating the original galleries, parapet walkways and underground chambers, where an auditorium seating 700 has been created. In 1982 the site was handed over to the "Soprintendenza per i Beni Artistici e Storici" of Naples, and the "Bruno Molajoli Art History Library" was installed in an upper story of the old prison block.
The former Marine headquarters now houses the castle administration and some administrative offices for Naples, including the Catalogue Office, Photographic Archives and the Thefts Office. The intention is to make Castle Sant'Elmo a polyfunctional center for activities including contemporary art, the performing arts and congresses.

</doc>
<doc id="36880290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880290" title="Arsenal Cider House">
Arsenal Cider House

Arsenal Cider House and Wine Cellar is a small-batch cider manufacturer in Lawrenceville neighborhood in Pittsburgh.
It is located adjacent to, and named after, the historic Allegheny Arsenal.
It was cited by a Canadian newspaper as an example of something that makes Pittsburgh "chic".

</doc>
<doc id="36880357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880357" title="Tom Grogan">
Tom Grogan

Tom Grogan is a novel published in 1896 by Francis Hopkinson Smith that was the best selling book in the United States in 1896. The novel also ran in the "The Century Magazine" starting in December 1895, with illustrations from Charles Stanley Reinhart.
Plot.
An synopsis of the plot published in a literature guide in 1898 describes the book as follows:
Tom Grogan, by F. Hopkinson Smith (1895.) is a spirited and most entertaining and ingenious study of laboring life in Staten Island, New York.
Tom Grogan was a stevedore, who died from the effects of an injury. With a family to support, his widow conceals the fact of her husband's death, saying that he is sick in a hospital, that she may assume both his name and business.
She is thenceforth known to every one as 'Tom Grogan.' A sturdy, cheery, capable Irishwomen, she carries on the business with an increasing success, which arouses the jealous opposition of some rival stevedores and walking delegates of the labor union she has refused to join.
The story tells how, with marvelous pluck, Tom meets all the contemptible means which her enemies employ in order to down her, they resorting even to the law, blackmail, arson, and attempted murder. In all her mannish employments her mother-heart beats warm and true, and her little crippled Patsy, a companion to Dickens's Tiny Tim, and Jenny the daughter with her own tender love affair, are objects of Tom's constant solicitude.
The author has given a refreshing view of a soul of heroic mold beneath an uncouth exterior, and a pure life where men are wont to expect degradation.

</doc>
<doc id="36880414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880414" title="Modern Jazz Perspective">
Modern Jazz Perspective

Modern Jazz Perspective is an album by American jazz trumpeter Donald Byrd and saxophonist Gigi Gryce, with featured vocalist Jackie Paris, recorded in 1957 for the Columbia label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars stating "the performances and material are solid".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Gigi Gryce except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36880490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880490" title="BWF World Ranking">
BWF World Ranking

The BWF World Ranking is the official ranking of the Badminton World Federation. It is used to determine the qualification for the World Championships and Olympic Games, as well as Super Series tournaments. Seeding of the draw at all BWF sanctioned tournaments is done using BWF World Ranking.
Players under 19 years of age are eligible to rank in the World Junior Rankings, which were introduced in January 2011.
Overview.
The ranking points awarded based on the level and progress of the tournament from each player/pair. Ranking points calculated are based on the tournament participated by each players/pairs for the last 52 weeks. If a player or pair has participated in 10 or fewer World Ranking tournaments, then the ranking is worked out by adding the points won at the tournaments. If a player or pair has participated in 11 or more World Ranking tournaments, only 10 highest points scored in the tournaments during the 52 week period count towards their ranking.
Points system.
Points are awarded according to the following table:
Number one ranked players.
The following is a list of players who have achieved the number one position since January 2009 (active players in purple):
"Last update: 3 July 2014"
Players with highest career rank 2–5.
The following is a list of players who were ranked world no. 5 or higher but not no. 1 in the period since the introduction of the BWF computer rankings (active players in purple):

</doc>
<doc id="36880510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880510" title="Vincent Mumo">
Vincent Mumo

Vincent Mumo Kiilu (born 3 August 1982) is a Kenyan sprint runner and hurdler who has competed in the 2008 and the 2012 Olympic Games. 
In the 2012 Olympics 4x400 meter relay semifinal heat, Kiilu cut in front of South Africa's Ofentse Mogawane and both runners fell. Mogawane dislocated his shoulder and was unable to complete the race. The South African team filed an appeal, and the Kenyan team was disqualified when the IAAF ruled that Kiilu had obstructed Mogawane.
Kiilu is affiliated with the Kenyan army.

</doc>
<doc id="36880548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880548" title="Louisiana State Route 19">
Louisiana State Route 19

Louisiana State Route 19 (LA 19) was one of the 98 original state highways that were established in 1921. It ran in an east to west direction for , spanning from Colfax to Harrisonburg.
Route description.
Beginning at Harrisonburg, through Manifest, Rhinehart, Jena, Pollack, Bentley, to Colfax. - 1924 Louisiana Legislative Route Description
LA 19 started in the small town of Colfax, traveling east to meet US 71/LA 1 before entering Kisatchie National Forest. LA 19 met US 167 in the small community of Bentley before meeting US 165/LA 14 in the town of Pollock. LA 19 turned northeast to meet US 84, running concurrent with it from the town of Jena to the community of Manifest.
East of Manifest, LA 19 followed the Harrisonburg Road to the town of Harrisonburg, meeting LA 18 just before LA 18 met LA 68.

</doc>
<doc id="36880563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880563" title="KBS Radio 3">
KBS Radio 3

KBS Radio 3 ("aka KBS Voice of Love FM".) (AM 1134kHz /FM 104.9 MHz) is a radio station for the people with disabilities, the elderly and socially marginalized
persons. The station is owned by the Korean Broadcasting System.
Funding.
KBS Radio 3 along with KBS 2FM accepts commercial advertisements unlike KBS Radio 1, KBS Radio 2, KBS 1FM, KBS Hanminjeok Radio and KBS World Radio which is due to the fact that KBS Radio 1, KBS Radio 2, KBS 1FM, KBS Hanminjeok Radio and KBS World Radio is prohibited to air commercial advertisements upon the enactment of the revised Broadcasting Act in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36880606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880606" title="Ancillary copyright for press publishers">
Ancillary copyright for press publishers

The so-called ancillary copyright for press publishers (German: Leistungsschutzrecht für Presseverleger) is a proposal incorporated in a 2012 draft of legislation proposed by the ruling coalition of the German government, led by Angela Merkel of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU), to extend publishers' copyrights. The bill was agreed by the Cabinet at the end of August 2012 and submitted to parliament on 14 November 2012. It was passed by the Bundestag on 1 March 2013 by 293 to 243, following substantial changes in the week before the vote. In its original form, it would have included even short snippets of news made available by news aggregators and web search engines. The fees would be collected by a central clearinghouse. In its original form, the intended effect would have been to force Google, a leading search engine, to pay publishers fees for display of news search results, causing the bill to be dubbed a "Google tax" by some. It was agreed between the coalition parties, the CDU and the FDP in their coalition agreement for the seventeenth session of the German "Bundestag".
It passed in the Bundesrat March 22, 2013, was published in the Bundesgesetzblatt May 14, and is to come apply from August 1, 2013 onwards.
History.
German copyright law already provides for similar "related rights" in relation to other protected objects. They are regulated in sections 70 et seq. of the German Copyright Act ("Urheberrechtsgesetz"). A press release from the German Federal Association of Newspaper Publishers (German: "Bundesverband Deutscher Zeitungsverleger" or BDZV) dated 7 May 2009 justified the demand for such a "related right" for press publishers on the grounds that press enterprises needed to defend themselves against unpaid use of their products on the Internet. This demand found its expression in the coalition agreement, which, in line 4776, states:
In a speech to the Newspaper Congress of the German Federal Association of Newspaper Publishers in September 2011, the chancellor, Angela Merkel, stated that legislation on such related rights was in preparation: 
Merkel also announced that she would push the idea at the European level. 
On 5 March 2012, the joint coalition committee agreed to introduce "related rights" for press publishers as part of the third basket of the reform of the German Copyright Act. Within a year, the commercial use of press products on the Internet, particularly for search engine providers and news aggregators, was to be subject to a charge. There was to be the equivalent of a performing rights society for collection and distribution of the fees. One thing that remains unclear is where the line should be drawn between chargeable commercial use and private use, which was to remain free.
On 14 June 2012, it became known that the German Federal Ministry of Justice had sent a draft of a bill to other ministries and lobby groups. This draft, which would insert new sub-sections 87f to 87h into the German Copyright Act is currently available on the Internet.
Issues.
Free speech.
Opponents of the measure believe that granting copyright protection to what may be little more than headlines violates the freedom of speech. Till Kreutzer of the Bureau for Information Law Expertise wrote in 2011 that this expansion of copyright, sought by publishers since 2009, could cause "collateral damage to fundamental freedoms like the freedom of the press, the freedom of expression, the freedom of science and education as well as the communication and publication practices on the Web."
Supporters have stated that freedom of speech would be protected because "journalistic citations from news articles" would be exempt from the bill, as would private Internet users. Publishers perceive the fees as fair compensation for the effort put into reporting; in an example presented at a hearing on the bill, "a bank employee reads his morning newspaper online and sees something about the steel industry, and then advises his clients to invest in certain markets ... The publishers argued that the bank consultant was only able to advise his clients because of the journalistic work in the published article. So that means the publisher deserves a fair share of any money made"
Consistency with other copyright law.
According to Till Kreuzer, in a CLSR article which has been cited by a group opposing the bill, Initiative Gegen ein Leistungsschutzrecht, the 2009 German coalition government announced in its coalition contract that "Press Publishers shall not be discriminated against other disseminators of copyright protected works film or music producers. Therefore we aim for the introduction of a neighbouring right for press publishers to increase the protection of press publications on the Internet." However, Kreuzer disputed that the proposed right is comparable to neighboring rights for other forms of copyrighted media, writing that the regulation of extraction of snippets from news sources and regulation of the right to read ("reception") of the sites containing media were unprecedented in the law.
Disbursements.
The co-founder of Perlentaucher questioned what criteria would be used to determine eligibility to receive payments from the clearinghouse, noting that if every blog were eligible, benefits to newspapers would be very small. These criteria remain under consideration by drafters of the proposal.
Author's right.
German authors of news articles retain author's right to control news articles after their publication, raising the question of how payments would be divided between publishers and authors.
Economic considerations.
The Federation of German Newspaper Publishers issued a statement that "In the digital age, such a right is essential to protect the joint efforts of journalists and publishers," describing such revenues as "an essential measure for the maintenance of an independent, privately financed news media."
A spokesman of Google denounced the proposal: "We don't have any sympathy for these plans, as an ancillary copyright lacks all factual, economic, and legal foundation. And we are not alone with this opinion: The Federation of German Industries (BDI) and 28 other associations vehemently oppose an ancillary copyright for publishers. The German parliament is divided on the issue as well. For a good reason: An ancillary copyright would mean a massive damage to the German economy. It's a threat to the freedom of information. And it would leave Germany behind internationally as a place for business." Critics have suggested that Google might respond to the law by ceasing to do business in Germany.
Comparisons with other countries.
The New York Times quoted Cristoph Keese, described as "co-chairman of a copyright committee of German publishers" and president of public affairs for Axel Springer, "There is no other developed country that has given publishers this kind of right against aggregators. This could be a benchmark." The Times compared the measure to NewsRight, a system introduced by the Times and other newspapers, that tracks unpaid use of articles, while noting that the NewsRight system does not address the use of snippets.
References.
German-language sources
Italian-language sources

</doc>
<doc id="36880612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880612" title="Irapé Dam">
Irapé Dam

Irapé Dam, the tallest dam in Brazil, is an embankment dam on the Jequitinhonha River in the state of Minas Gerais. It is on the border of Berilo and Grão Mogol districts, about west of Virgem da Lapa. The dam was constructed between 2002 and 2006 for the purpose of hydroelectric power generation.
History.
In 1963, the Jequitinhonha River was studied for its hydroelectric potential and the studies were reviewed in 1984. Brazilian power company CEMIG won the bid to build the Irapé Dam in 1998. Construction on the dam began in September 2002 and in September of that year, the power plant was officially renamed Juscelino Kubitschek Power Plant, after the former President of Brazil. The river diversion was complete by April 2003 with two diameter tunnels; one in length and the other . The dam's reservoir began to fill in December 2005 and the first of the power plant's generators was commissioned on 20 July 2006. The second generator was commissioned in August and the third in October 2006. At the time of its completion it was the tallest dam in Brazil.
Design.
The dam is a rock-fill-type with a height of and length of . It is built within a steep canyon just upstream of a bend in the river. Total structural volume amounts to about . The reservoir created by the dam has a surface area of . Controlling overflow is three long spillway tunnels. Each diverts water from the reservoir to the eastern side of a bend in the river. Two of the tunnels are located high above the valley while one is at an intermediate height. Each tunnel has a maximum discharge capacity of , making the total maximum discharge capacity of the spillway . The dam's power plant is located at its base and houses three 120 MW Francis turbine-generators for an installed capacity of 360 MW. The generators are rated to operate at 130 MW though, providing a maximum capacity of 390 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="36880617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880617" title="PL Gakuen Women's Junior College">
PL Gakuen Women's Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="36880644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880644" title="KBS Radio 2">
KBS Radio 2

KBS Radio 2 (aka KBS Music FM, "KBS-FM", "KBS FM Broadcast" and "KBS 2RFM") (AM 603 kHz, 558 kHz /FM 106.1 MHz) is an popular music station owned by the Korean Broadcasting System, almost equivalent to BBC Radio 2 and BBC Radio 6 Music in the UK, VRT Radio 2 in Flanders, Belgium & RTBF VivaCité in Wallonia, Belgium.
Its transmission hours are from 4:53am to 3:00am daily. The station is also known for being the most powerful FM radio station in South Korea.
Stations.
Other Provinces.
Note: Daegu AM Frequency Relays KBS Seoul Radio 2 Due to its transmitting power of 250 kW unlike Seoul AM transmitter which transmits at a low power of 2 kW.

</doc>
<doc id="36880656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880656" title="Gaisano Capital Surigao">
Gaisano Capital Surigao

About the Mall.
Gaisano Capital Mall Surigao is a shopping destination in Surigao City. A commercial hub of Caraga Region Surigao del Norte, Philippines, constructed in 2011 and started operating in December of that year. A two-level mall owned by the Heva Management Group, it is located in Barangay Luna along National Highway. The mall is strategically located between the Bus and Jeepney Terminal and Saint Paul University in Barangay Luna. Gaisano Capital Mall Surigao draws shoppers not only from Surigao City, but also from nearby provinces of Dinagat Islands, Southern Leyte, Surigao del Sur and as far as Agusan del Norte.
Gaisano Capital Mall is the first major mall in Surigao City with the gross floor area of more than 20,000 sqm. with a lot area of 35,000 sqm.
History.
The Heva Management Group started the construction of the mall sometime in March 2011. It was opened on December 16, 2011 and was named "Gaisano Capital Surigao".
Stores.
</td><td valign=top>
Food Carts

</doc>
<doc id="36880667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880667" title="Field Report">
Field Report

Field Report is an American folk band led by singer/songwriter Christopher Porterfield. The band's name is an anagram of the surname Porterfield.
History.
Chris Porterfield, the leader of Field Report, originally played with Justin Vernon (now the creative force behind Bon Iver) in the Vernon-led band DeYarmond Edison. After the breakup of DeYarmond Edison, Porterfield worked on his own project, Conrad Plymouth, then eventually changed focus to work on the band Field Report. The band has received much praise. According to Billboard Magazine, "The Counting Crows, Emmylou Harris, and Aimee Mann each invited Field Report to open shows for them. The band's music is playing at Starbucks and garnering media accolades." The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported that "The buzz leading up to Field Report's self-titled debut album, out on Partisan Records Sept. 11, has been louder than the music of this six-piece Milwaukee folk band, with Rolling Stone, NPR, Pitchfork and Time already writing raves."
Discography.
"Field Report" (2012)

</doc>
<doc id="36880668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880668" title="Ermesinda">
Ermesinda

Ermesinda (c. 720 or c. 730 — ?) alternatively Ormisenda, Ermisenda, Ermesinde, Ermessenda) was queen consort of the Kingdom of Asturias, wife of King Alfonso I of Asturias ("Alfonso the Catholic"). She was the daughter of King Pelagius of Asturias and his queen, Gaudiosa.
Life.
The Latin-language "Chronicon Albeldense" states that Ermesinda was daughter of Pelagius, the first king of Asturias, and his queen, Gaudiosa, and that her brother was Favila, the second king of Asturias. Ermesinda passed her claim on the throne to her husband Alfonso, son of Duke Pedro of Cantabria. Alfonso, known as Alfonso I or Alfonso "the Catholic," succeeded Favila as king upon the latter's death in 739, making Erseminda the queen consort.
The exact date of Ermesinda's death is unknown, but appears to have been between 720 and 730. She was presumably born in Asturias where her father was king, although (as is common for the era) there is no documentation of that. The date of her death is likewise unknown.
Burial.
After Ermesinda's death, her body was entombed in the monastery of Santa María near the municipality of Cangas de Onís, according to Bishop Sebastián of Salamanca and the "Estoria de España" (a.k.a. "Primera Crónica General". The Cordoban chronicler Ambrosio de Morales identifies this with the monastery of Covadonga. Her husband Alfonso I was buried in the same monastery. 16th-century chronicer Ambrosio de Morales gave the following description of the tomb of King Alfonso I and Ermesinda, located in the Santa Cueva de Covadonga ("Holy Cave of Covadonga"):
Their tomb is the one at the head of the church facing the main altar in a small cave. It is carved, in part. It is a smooth stone sarcophagus, whose covering is a single piece of stone, four feet wide at the head and two at the feet, like a coffin, but with a flat rather than a vaulted covering. Its length, twelve feet and three in height.
The tomb in the Santa Cueva de Covadonga in which Alfonso and Ermedinda are believed to be buried is engraved with the following epitaph:
HERE LIES THE CATHOLIC AND HOLY KING DON ALONSO THE FIRST AND HIS WIFE DOÑA ERMENISINDA SISTER OF DON FAVILA WHOM HE SUCCEDED. THIS KING WON MANY VICTORIES OVER THE MOORS. HE DIED IN CANGAS IN THE YEAR 757.
Marriage and descendants.
Ermesinda had three children, all by her husband King Alfonso I:

</doc>
<doc id="36880676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880676" title="International Art Materials Trade Association">
International Art Materials Trade Association

The International Art Materials Trade Association (NAMTA), also known as the National Art Materials Trade Association is an international nonprofit corporation based out of Cornelius, North Carolina. It is the largest organization in the world that works exclusively on behalf of the fine art and creative art materials industry. The association works collaboratively to provide executive, management, sales, marketing, and merchandising support; staff training and certification at all levels of employment, and public relations and marketing resources for industry professionals. The association includes retailers, suppliers, manufacturers, distributors, and importers located in 39 countries around the world.
Corporate history.
The National Art Materials Trade Association was established on January 4, 1950, in Chicago, Illinois. Edward Ellison, editor of the "Art Material Trade News", saw the need for a unified art materials industry and incorporated NAMTA as a nonprofit trade association, scheduling its first meeting of the board of directors the next month. During governance discussions, Frank Peters of Favor, Ruhl & Co. was elected the first president and Ellison was elected secretary/treasurer. There were 17 members when the organization started. In addition to Ellison and Peters, founding members include Henry Levinson, founder of Liquitex. 
The goal of the founders was to create an official trade association that would work together with organizations and individuals to identify areas for business development and improvement, ensuring the perpetual existence of the industry, while working jointly to achieve and maintain a high level of professionalism and profitability. 
, NAMTA represents members in the art and creative material industry in 39 countries around the world. In 2011, the Board of Directors changed the name of the organization from the National Art Materials Trade Association, to the International Art Materials Trade Association, in order to better reflect the scope of its membership. The association chose to retain the use of NAMTA as its official acronym.
Products and services.
The association provides a variety of products and services, including access to conferences and trade shows, along with a certification program. The association conducts research and studies about the industry, and new and emerging products. NAMTA's industry newsletter provides innovative ideas for increasing profitability, while cutting waste. Additional topics include training support and professional development; legislative advocacy and regulatory mandates; information on sales and marketing trends; and news about the art materials industry on a global scale. 
Resource library.
NAMTA provides an online resource library for its members, which includes documents and presentations on legislative issues related to the arts, product safety, and consumer testing; developing and presenting innovative merchandising ideas; research and strategic development; and public relations and business marketing. 
Professional certification.
The association offers comprehensive classes and professional certification in product knowledge and materials used in areas pertaining to art and artist materials. Resources available through the association include a proprietary training manual, with several modules that focus on different aspects and mediums used within the industry. The information provided in each chapter is followed by practical and technical questions that verify the comprehension level of the material. When the industry professional is confident in the knowledge gained from successfully completing the training manual, the association offers additionally testing, in order to ascertain knowledge from an international perspective. Successful completion of the international test will result in certification as an art materials professional in the specific area of study.
The "Essential Reference Guide" (ERG) is a 12–module training manual written by Zora Sweet Pinney and Claudia Myers of Spokane Art Supply, who served as NAMTA's first female president in 1999. Various modules in the ERG include "Papers and Boards", "Drawing for Reproduction", "Brushes", and "Picture Framing". Employees of NAMTA member organizations can become Certified Art Materials Professionals (CAMP) by answering 100 questions, based on information from the "Essential Reference Guide". The CAMP Certification is presented upon completion of several detailed tests, which serve to distinguish individuals with superior knowledge and experience with fine art products, along with accurate application of artist tools, encompassing the scope of the fine art materials industry.
Industry conferences and trade shows.
Since its inception, the association has presented an annual convention, which is an international gathering of retailers, suppliers, and manufacturers. The event provides members and associates the opportunity to access new and emerging art products, professional development training, and marketing tools and techniques. The conference also invites speakers and workshop leaders from around the world, along with approximately 100 exhibitors each year. During the convention, the association presents the Art Business Innovation Awards, which recognizes the achievements of retailers and suppliers, publishers, and manufacturers of art materials throughout the world. Recognition additionally includes the NAMTA Hall of Fame and Lifetime Achievement Awards. Since 2010, the convention is known as the Art Materials World trade show.
Philanthropy.
The Council for Art Advocacy, formerly known as the NAMTA Foundation, is the philanthropic arm of the association. The council provides financial assistance through grants and scholarships for students pursuing an education and career in the visual arts. The overall goal of the council is to strengthen, support, and sustain the industry through advocacy, awareness, and financial support of art and art education. Advocacy grants are awarded to assist organizations develop art classes and programs. Grants additionally support the visual and creative arts by assisting the groups that work together to develop and promote these programs. The scholarship program provides financial support for employees and family members pursuing an education in the arts, including fine art and performance. 

</doc>
<doc id="36880728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880728" title="Zaw Linn Tun">
Zaw Linn Tun

Zaw Linn Tun, also called Zaw Lynn Tun (born 23 March 1983) is Burmese footballer. He plays for club Zeyashwemye in Myanmar National League as a defender. He was called to Myanmar national football team at the 2010 AFF Suzuki Cup and 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.

</doc>
<doc id="36880729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880729" title="Hecht Hill Lancaster">
Hecht Hill Lancaster

Hecht Hill Lancaster was a production company formed by Burt Lancaster in association with his agent Harold Hecht and James Hill. In 1948 Lancaster and Hecht formed Norma Productions, which later became Hecht Lancaster. James Hill joined in the mid-1950s. The company produced some of the most notable American films of the 1950s.
In 1956 they renewed their deal with United Artists. In late 1957 they announced they would make ten films worth $14 million in 1958.
Selected filmography.
HL = Hecht Lancaster<br>
N = Norma Productions

</doc>
<doc id="36880737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880737" title="Nyi Nyi Lwin">
Nyi Nyi Lwin

Nyi Nyi Lwin (born 11 August 1983) is Burmese footballer. He plays for club Zeyashwemye in Myanmar National League as a goalkeeper. He was called to Myanmar national football team at the 2010 AFF Suzuki Cup as a reserve player.

</doc>
<doc id="36880755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880755" title="New Caledonian ground dove">
New Caledonian ground dove

The New Caledonian Ground Dove ("Gallicolumba longitarsus") is a large, extinct species of ground dove in the pigeon family, and the largest member of its genus. It was endemic to the island of New Caledonia in Melanesia in the south-west Pacific region. It was described from subfossil bones found at the Pindai Caves paleontological site on the west coast of Grande Terre. The specific epithet refers to the slender and elongated tarsometatarsus, or lower leg bone, of the species.

</doc>
<doc id="36880757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880757" title="Alaska Anchorage Seawolves">
Alaska Anchorage Seawolves

The Alaska Anchorage Seawolves are the 13 varsity athletic teams that represent the University of Alaska Anchorage, in Anchorage, Alaska, in NCAA intercollegiate sports. The majority of UAA's athletic teams are in Division II with the exception of the gymnastics and hockey teams, which are members of Division I. The Seawolves principally compete as members of the Great Northwest Athletic Conference. Teams playing outside the GNAC include the hockey team (Western Collegiate Hockey Association) the gymnastics team (Mountain Pacific Sports Federation), and the skiing team (Rocky Mountain Intercollegiate Ski Association).
UAA also hosts the nationally known Great Alaska Shootout college basketball tournament every Thanksgiving, and the Kendall Hockey Classic in October.
The Seawolves' main rival are the Alaska Nanooks with whom they compete for the Alaska Airlines Governor's Cup in ice hockey.

</doc>
<doc id="36880773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880773" title="Christopher Holcroft">
Christopher Holcroft

Christopher John Holcroft RFD, JP (born 15 June 1953) is an Australian author. 
He is best known as the author of the "Scott Morrow" adventure trilogy, which consists of the books "Only The Brave Dare", "Canyon", and "A Rite of Passage". He has also written "Finding Thomas", and "One Last Concert" in his "Afterlife" series.
Life and work.
Christopher Holcroft was born in Cooma, New South Wales during Australia's largest ever building project, the Snowy Mountains Hydro-Electric Scheme. He was born to Allan and Shirley Holcroft along with his brothers Mark and Peter and his sisters Liane and Nerida. 
Holcroft graduated from Peakhurst High School in Sydney's south in 1970 (now Georges River College). He started work two weeks later at Sydney's "The Sun" newspaper as a copyboy. Within a year he began his formal cadetship as a journalist and completed his training in 1974 when he became graded. Christopher worked for and contributed to a series of newspaper mastheads for more than 20 years including "The Sydney Morning Herald", "The Daily Telegraph", "The Australian" and a string of suburban papers, lastly, editing "The District Reporter" in Camden, New South Wales.
He completed his Bachelor of Arts degree in Communications, majoring in journalism and communication technology at the University of Technology, Sydney, later completing his Masters degree in Communications (Organisational Communication) at Charles Sturt University. Holcroft followed his grandfather, New Zealand author M. H. Holcroft, into a career in journalism and writing. He also followed his uncle, New Zealand author Anthony Holcroft, in writing childrens and adult books.
In 1974 Holcroft joined the Australian Army as a part time soldier in the Army Reserve as an Infantryman, rising to the rank of Temporary Sergeant. He was commissioned as a Lieutenant in 1982 into the Australian Army's PR Corps, the Australian Army Public Relations Service, and rose through the ranks to become the Corps's first Reserve Lieutenant Colonel in 1999. Holcroft graduated from the Australian Army's Reserve Command And Staff College as a Captain in 1987 and a Major in 1992. He saw active service in East Timor in 2000 as part of the "United Nations Transitional Authority East Timor" (UNTAET) and was posted in Iraq in 2006 as part of the Australian Army's Operation Catalyst based in Baghdad. He was awarded the Australian Army Active Service Medal, The Iraq Campaign Medal, Reserve Forces Decoration (RFD) and the Australian Defence Medal.
Since 1968 Holcroft has been a member of Scouts Australia as a "Senior Scout" (now called Venturers), Assistant Venturer Leader and Venturer Leader in charge of youths aged 14 to 18, (with some breaks in service). During his time as a Senior Scout and Venturer, he gained his Queen's Scout Award and the Silver Duke of Edinburgh Award. When he became a youth leader, he gained his Wood Badge and was awarded the Silver Wattle Award for meritorious service. 
He is also a Justice of the Peace.
In 2008 Australia celebrated its centenary of scouting, and Holcroft wrote the first two novels in the "Scott Morrow" adventure trilogy to mark the occasion: "Only The Brave Dare" and "Canyon". In 2010 Holcroft completed the trilogy with "A Rite of Passage" All three books followed the adventures of a group of venturers and a teenager who never wanted to be a hero but whom his country needed.
In 2011 he published the first book in his "Afterlife" series, "Finding Thomas". He explores what happens after someone dies in novel form using a teenage central character called Kit Green, in a focus on near death experiences. 
Infinity Publishing (USA) has published "Only The Brave Dare", "A Rite of Passage" and "Finding Thomas", while Poseidon Books Australia has published "Canyon". The books are sold in the USA, UK, India, New Zealand and Australia.
The second book in Holcroft's "Afterlife" series is "One Last Concert". It was published in April 2013 and Holcroft explores how to move on the spirits of people who have died suddenly and are trapped on Earth. One Last Concert is published by Infinity Publishing (USA).
Influences.
Holcroft's inspirations for his novel writing were drawn from real life experiences as a newspaper reporter, a soldier and a venturer leader. He found a lack of imaginative and challenging books available for teenage boys to read, so he has written his novels to encourage boys to read more and enjoy the great outdoors. When he found in his youth work a distinct lack of knowledge about God or a superior being, and what happens when people die, he started his afterlife series.
Personal life.
Holcroft lives in Banksia, New South Wales, where he wrote his first five books. He is married with three sons.

</doc>
<doc id="36880777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880777" title="Saint Martin's Saints">
Saint Martin's Saints

The Saint Martin's Saints (also SMU Saints) are the 13 varsity athletic teams that represent Saint Martin's University, located in Lacey, Washington, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports. The Saints compete as members of the Great Northwest Athletic Conference for all sports.
Varsity Sports.
The women's basketball team qualified for the NCAA Division II tournament in 1992 and 2008. In the 1940s and 1950s, Saint Martin's had a men's college football team and a boys' high school football team, which won the Washington Class A championship. In the 1990s, the name of the mascot was almost changed to the Ravens. In 2008, the Men's Basketball team defeated Division 1-A Colorado State Rams, making it Saint Martin's first major publicized victory over a D-1 opponent. In 2009, the Men's Soccer team seized the first team title in any sport for Saint Martin's University, winning the Great Northwest Athletic Conference. In 2010, the university hosted a training camp which feature the University of Washington Huskies Men's Basketball Team.

</doc>
<doc id="36880778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880778" title="Northwest Nazarene Crusaders">
Northwest Nazarene Crusaders

The Northwest Nazarene Crusaders are the 13 varsity athletic teams that represent Northwest Nazarene University, located in Nampa, Idaho, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports. The Crusaders compete as members of the Great Northwest Athletic Conference. NNU added tennis as a club team in the Fall of 2013. Along with the Eastern Nazarene College, it is one of only two Nazarene colleges to compete in the NCAA; the other six compete in the NAIA. NNU's athletic moniker is "Crusaders" and colors are red and black. The schools main rival is NAIA College of Idaho, located a short distance to the west in Caldwell, Idaho.

</doc>
<doc id="36880780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880780" title="Seattle Pacific Falcons">
Seattle Pacific Falcons

The Seattle Pacific Falcons (also SPU Falcons) are the 12 varsity athletic teams that represent Seattle Pacific University, located in Seattle, Washington, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports. The Falcons compete as members of the Great Northwest Athletic Conference for all sports except for gymnastics, which competes in the Mountain Pacific Sports Federation, and rowing, which competes in the Northwest Collegiate Rowing Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="36880784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880784" title="The Cambridge History of Inner Asia">
The Cambridge History of Inner Asia

The Cambridge History of Inner Asia is an ongoing series of history books published by Cambridge University Press (CUP) covering the early and modern history of Inner Asian peoples.
The first volume titled ""The Cambridge History of Early Inner Asia"" was edited by Denis Sinor, a Distinguished Professor Emeritus of Central Asian Studies at the Department of Central Eurasian Studies at Indiana University in 1987 and published in 1990. This volume introduces the geographical setting of Central Asia and follows its history from the palaeolithic era to the rise of the Mongol Empire in the thirteenth century.
The series' second volume, "The Cambridge History of Inner Asia: The Chinggisid Age", was published in 2009. Similar to the previous volume, a large group of international experts contributed to each chapter. This volume centres on the history and legacy of the Mongol World Empire founded by Genghis Khan and its successor states, including its impact upon the modern world.
The Cambridge History of Inner Asia: The Modern Age is set to be released in the near future.
Contents.
The volumes of the series are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36880793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880793" title="Burl (given name)">
Burl (given name)

Burl is the given name of:

</doc>
<doc id="36880830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880830" title="Naroda Patiya massacre">
Naroda Patiya massacre

The Naroda Patiya massacre took place on 28 February 2002 at Naroda, in Ahmedabad, India, during the 2002 Gujarat riots. 97 Muslims were killed by a mob of approximately 5,000 people, allegedly initiated by the Bharatiya Janata Party and the Bajrang Dal. The massacre at Naroda occurred during the bandh (strike protest) called by Vishwa Hindu Parishad; a day after the Godhra train burning. During the post-Godhra rioting, which lasted over 10 hours, during which the mob looted, stabbed, sexually assaulted, gang-raped and burnt people individually and in groups. After the conflict, a curfew was imposed in the state and army troops were called in to contain further violence.
The communal violence at Naroda was deemed "the largest single case of mass murder" during the 2002 Gujarat riots; it accounted for the greatest number of deaths during a single event. Survivors faced socio-economic problems; many were left homeless, orphaned and injured. A number of shrines were destroyed and many schools were adversely affected, cancelled exams or closed entirely. The surviving victims were given shelter in relief camps provided by both the state and central government, and efforts were begun to restore destroyed properties and shrines. The state government formed a "Gujarat state commission of inquiry" for citizens to have a forum in which to make recommendations and suggest reforms. Mainstream media criticised the Gujarat government's handling of the riots; it was remarked that a number of reports were exaggerated, and "inflammatory headlines, stories and pictures" were published, resulting in anti-Muslim prejudice among the Hindu readership.
Allegations were made against the state police, state government and the chief minister Narendra Modi, citing that government authorities were involved and various police personnel played a role in the massacre: a number of eyewitnesses reported police officers favouring the mob by allegedly injuring or killing Muslims and damaging public and private property. None of the allegations were proved and the government and police were cleared of wrongdoing by a Special Investigation Team. The initial report on the case was filed by the Gujarat police, accusing 46 people, all of whom the Special Court deemed unreliable. In 2008, the Supreme Court of India formed a Special Investigation Team to investigate the case. In 2009, the team submitted its report, which accused 70 people of wrongdoing, 61 of whom were charged. On 29 August 2012, the Special Court convicted 32 people and acquitted 29 due to insufficient evidence. Among those convicted were Maya Kodnaniformer Cabinet Minister for Women and Child Development of Gujarat and former Bhartiya Janata Party MLA from Narodawho was sentenced to 28 years imprisonment, and Bajrang Dal's Babu Bajrangi, who received a life sentence.
Background.
On 27 February 2002, the Godhra train burning incident initiated a series of riots in Gujarat. Hindu pilgrims returning from Ayodhya on the Sabarmati Express train were attacked and the train, which had stopped at Godhra station, was set on fire by a Muslim mob, causing the death of 58 Hindus including 25 women and 15 childrenactivists of Vishva Hindu Parishad and Kar Sevaks. Following the attack, false rumours were spread by a senior Vishwa Hindu Parishad leader that Muslims had kidnapped three Hindu girls during the incident. Retaliatory attacks on Muslims began the same evening; a number of incidents in which Muslims were attacked and killed were reported in various cities in Gujarat before the Naroda incident. The first attacks on the Muslim community occurred at Ahmedabad, where Hindu mobs began throwing stones and later burnt Gulbarg Society, a Muslim housing complex. The initial violence was believed to be instigated by the unsubstantiated rumours about Muslims kidnapping three Hindu girls. Violence spread to the largely rural districts of Panchmahal, Mehsana, Kheda, Junagadh, Banaskantha, Patan, Anand and Narmada the next day.
The massacre.
At the time of the riots Naroda Patiya and Naroda Gaona suburb from Naroda Patiya; both of which constitute the municipality of Narodalocated in Gujarat's largest city, Ahmedabad, had around 2,000 daily wage-earning Muslim inhabitants, and many immigrants from Karnataka and Maharashtra. On the evening of 27 February 2002, Vishwa Hindu Parishad declared a state-wide strike in response to the Godhra train burning incident, starting from 28 February. On the first day of the strike, a mob of approximately 5,000 people, allegedly led by the Bhartiya Janata Party and the Bajrang Dal, attacked and attempted to burn the entire Muslim community of Naroda Patiya. The rioting began at 9 am when the Noorani Mosque was destroyed by exploding liquified petroleum gas (LPG) cylinders.
Cases of hacking, looting, stabbing and sexual assaults including public gang-rapes in which the victims were burnt, were reported. Many people were burnt alive, individually or in groups by "chasing them into huge pits" and setting fire to them using LPG cylinders. Burnt bodies were also thrown in a dry well. Women and girls were sexually assaulted, raped and killed by burning or by stabbing. Maya Kodnani, Babu Bajrangi and a few others supplied weapons to the crowd, and Suresh Chara and others raped and killed women. LPG cylinders were used to destroy a number of buildings in the residential and working areas. The massacre lasted for over 10 hours and finally a curfew was imposed in 27 towns and cities across Gujarat.
Most of the homes of Muslims in Naroda were burnt while Hindu homes remained undamaged. As the riots ended, it was estimated that around 125 people had been killed in the violence. After the rioting, 94 bodies were recovered; three more people were reported missing and were later declared dead. More than 30 people were found injured. The deadall Muslimscomprised 36 women, 35 children and 26 men. The incident is considered to be the "most gruesome of all post-Godhra violent incidents" and "the largest single case of mass murders", and claimed the highest number of lives of all the events during the Gujarat riots.
Aftermath.
By the evening of 28 February, a curfew was imposed in 27 towns and cities of the state in an attempt to curb the violence. Over the next two days, Bharuch, Rajkot and later Surat were hit. Approximately 151 towns and 993 villages in 16 of the state's 25 districts were affected by the post-Godhra violence, which was particularly severe in six districts. The violence raged heavily between 28 February and 3 March 2002, slowed briefly, then restarted on 15 March and continued until mid-June. Northern and central Gujarat and the north-eastern tribal beltwhich are closer to Godhra Citywere the worst affected while Saurashtra and Kutch remained relatively peaceful. 1,000 army troops were flown in by the evening of 1 March to restore order. Intelligence officials alleged that the state government deliberately delayed the deployment. On 3 May, former Punjab police chief Kanwar Pal Singh Gill was appointed as security adviser to Modi. The Gujarat government transferred several senior police officers, who had taken steps to contain and investigate violent attacks, to administrative positions.
According to an official estimate, 1,044 people were killed during the 2002 Gujarat riots790 Muslims and 254 Hindus. Another 223 people were reported missing, 2,548 were injured, 919 women were widowed and 606 children were orphaned. When people missing after the riots were declared dead after seven years, total deaths rose from 1,044 to 1,267 Unofficial estimates put the death toll closer to 5,000, with Muslims forming the majority. Police records say that 298 dargahs, 205 mosques, 17 temples and three churches were damaged during the riots.
Opposition parties and three coalition partners of the Bhartiya Janata Party-led central government demanded the dismissal of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi for failing to contain the violence, with some calling for the removal of Union Home Minister L. K. Advani as well. On 18 July 2002, Modi asked the governor of Gujarat, Sunder Singh Bhandari, to dissolve the state assembly and call fresh elections. The Indian Election Commission ruled out early elections, citing the prevailing law and order situation, a decision the union government unsuccessfully appealed against in the Supreme Court. Elections were held in December and Modi returned to power.
Rehabilitation of victims.
Residents left homeless by the massacre were given shelter in relief camps constructed by the state government. On 16 March 2002, the state government formed an all-party committee consisting of 13 member and chaired by Bhandari to provide relief and rehabilitation to the victims of the riots. Modi proposed to close the camps by the end of March but later decided not to close them. Under pressure from the opposition party, the Indian National Congress, the all-party committee reached a consensus to implement rehabilitation measures suggested by various non-governmental organisations which were to aid people to build houses.
Effects on children and education.
A number of children were killed, injured or orphaned by the violence. Organisations such as Citizens' Initiative reported that the violence resulted in the disturbance of children's studies and that there was a lack of counselling. Students at Gujarat University were unable to take examinations, which were cancelled due to the chances of disruption. While other schools in the state had to postpone or cancel exams, it was reported that some schools held examinations under police protection. It was also reported that many students were forced to leave their studies due to lack of funds or to earn a livelihood because they had lost income-earning members of their families.
Restoration of shrines.
A number of darghas, including a 500-year-old heritage masjid in Isanpur, and many mosques in Naroda were destroyed in the rioting. In 2003, a petition was filed in Gujarat High Court by advocate Yusuf Muchhala on behalf of the Islamic Relief Committee, asking the court to direct the state to restore the religious shrines destroyed during the violence. In response to the petition, the Gujarat government stated that, "as a secular state, they cannot aid any community to re-build shrines". On 8 February 2012, the High Court directed the state government to rebuild the shrines, and said it was the state's "constitutional responsibility to restore the shrines". The matter went to the Supreme Court, which refused to stay the order.
Response by the government of Gujarat.
The state government stated that the massacre was "a spontaneous reaction to the Godhra train carnage and the state government and ruling party had nothing to do with it". On 1 March 2002, Modi, talking about the violence, said that he tried everything to control the "riots resulting from the natural and justified anger of people", ". Referring to the massacre, Modi said, "The five crore (50 million) people of Gujarat have shown remarkable restraint under grave provocation".
The state government appointed a "Gujarat state commission of inquiry" to investigate the case and give recommendations. The committee was chaired by retired Gujarat High Court judge K.G. Shah. The formation of the committee raised concerns about delays in implementing recommendations because two similar reports about reforms, by the Reddy and Dave commissions, had been pending implementation since 1969 and 1985 respectively. The government of Gujarat presented its report to National Human Rights Commission of India, justifying its role and stating its findings about the massacre. The state government's report did not mention the involvement of Vishwa Hindu Parishad and Bajrang Dal activists, despite statements by numerous eyewitnesses. The report also included, according to Human Rights Watch, a "grossly under-counted" total of the shrines destroyed in the violence.
Role played by media.
Television and newspaper reports, particularly local Gujarati-language media, carried graphic and at times sensationalised images and accounts of the Godhra train fire and Naroda Patiya massacre. This was the first major communal violence after the advent of satellite television in India. Television news channels identified the community of those involved in the violence, breaking a long-standing practice and setting a precedent. Critical reporting on the Gujarat government's handling of the situation helped bring about the Indian government's intervention in controlling the violence. The Gujarat government banned television news channels that were critical of its response; STAR News, Zee News, Aaj Tak, CNN and local stations were blocked. The Editorial Guild of India rejected the charge that graphic news coverage aggravated the situation, saying that the coverage exposed the horrors of the riots and the "supine if not complicit" attitude of the state, helping propel remedial action. The team also faulted Gujarati-language newspapers "Gujarat Samachar" and the pro-Hindutva "Sandesh" for distorted and provocative reporting. Rather than Naroda Patiya, the Godhra train fire was extensively covered until the subsequent violence and the presentation of the Union budget overtook it.
Modi said that the media had exaggerated while covering the extent of violence and criticised the media for "provoking the violence by naming the religion of victims". Newspapers, particularly "Sandesh", were reported by various organisations to have published "inflammatory headlines, stories and pictures". A headline in "Sandesh" on 28 February 2002 read, "Avenge Blood With Blood". After the massacre, when Muslims had returned from Hajj, "Sandesh" had published the headline, "Hindus Beware: Hajj pilgrims return with deadly conspiracy", which caused terror among the returning Muslim community, and they were escorted by Army officials to their homes and were given protection to avoid attacks. A report by the People's Union for Civil Liberties stated, "Major effect of media under long period has been to feed on the prevalent anti-Muslim prejudices of its Hindu readership and provoke it further by sensationalizing, twisting, mangling and distorting news or what passes for it."
In its 2007 expose , the political weekly "Tehelka" released hidden camera footage of several members of the Bhartiya Janata Party, Vishwa Hindu Parishad and the Bajrang Dal admitting their role in the riots. While the report was criticised for being politically motivated, some newspapers said the revelations simply reinforced what was common knowledge. Several inaccuracies in the statements cast doubt on the sting operation. Bajrangi and Suresh Richard said that Naredra Modi visited Naroda Patiya a day after the massacre to thank them, but the official record shows that Modi did not visit Naroda Patiya. The Gujarat government blocked cable news channels from broadcasting the expose, an action which was criticised by the Editors Guild of India.
Attacks against women.
A number of women and girls were raped, sexually assaulted and killed during the incident. Reports presented by Citizen's Initiative, and Human Rights Watch stated that out of the 36 women killed in the Naroda Patiya massacre, most were sexually assaulted before their deaths; surviving women also reported being assaulted. According to Human Rights Watch, women and girls were "brutally raped before being killed". Most of the rapes took place in public, and the victims were then killed and their bodies burnt. Among the women surviving in the relief camp, many suffered the most bestial forms of sexual violenceincluding rape, gang rape, mass rape, stripping, insertion of objects into their bodies and molestation. Citizens' initiative's report stated that "A majority of rape victims have been burnt alive. There is evidence of State and Police complicity in perpetuating crimes against women. No effort was made to protect women. No Mahila women police was deployed. State and Police complicity is continuing as, women survivors continue to be denied the right to file FIRs. There is no existing institutional mechanism in Gujarat through which women can seek justice".
According to Human Rights Watch, the abdomens of three pregnant women were cut open and the foetus removed and thrown into a fire. In an incident that came to light in 2007, Suresh Dedawala (Richard) alias Langado was caught on camera in a "Tehelka" sting operation talking to Bajarangi about slitting the belly of pregnant Muslim Kauser Banu, removing her foetus and killing it with a sword.
Alleged involvement of police and SRP in the massacre.
It was alleged that the police helped the mob against the Muslim community on the day of massacre. Evidence included complaints filed by victims' family members which state that police officials fired bullets and helped the mob, resulting in the killings. It was also alleged that police guided the mob of rioters to residents' hiding places. According to Human Rights Watch, the police did nothing as houses and people were burnt and, on the day of the violence, did not respond to telephone calls until the massacre ended. Numerous eyewitnesses saw police aiming tear gas shells at, and firing upon, Muslim youths who tried to defend themselves or others. There also have been allegations that police themselves burnt houses and looted. In the violence, the extensive use of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) was reported, which was cited as evidence of the involvement of officials because of easy access to it.
A report based on eyewitness statements submitted by the Citizens' Initiative to the National Human Rights Commission of India states that the State Reserve Police (SRP), a force of specially trained emergency police, were seen chasing the victims and helping the rioters rather than calming the situation. According to Human Rights Watch, some victims said that they were able to handle the crowd but when police and SRP joined in, it became difficult as the police sided with the rioters and fired on Muslim residents. The state government denied these allegations; Modi said that police fired to "contain outbreaks of violence" and added that they had "mowed down people to quell the violence". The Special Investigation Team also defended the role played by officials and said that everything was done to stop the violence.
Allegations against the state government and Narendra Modi.
Human Rights Watch and other Indian human rights groups alleged that the Gujarat government authorities and police helped the mob on the day of violence in Naroda. Human Rights Watch found evidence that the state government helped the mob in the attacks because action by police and other officials was delayed and "less effective". A Bhartiya Janata Party insider alleged to Human Rights Watch that Narendra Modi and state government were involved in the riots, stating; "Insiders in the Bhartiya Janta Party admit that the police were under instructions of Narendra Modi administration not to act firmly". Celia Dugger of the "New York Times" reported that witnesses were "dismayed by the lack of intervention from local police", who often "watched the events taking place and took no action against the attacks on Muslims and their property".
Modi and the state government denied any involvement in the riots. On 10 April 2012, the Special Investigation Team cleared Modi and the government in the riot cases, stating that, "Law and order review meetings were held by Modi and all the things was done to control the situation ... the Army was called on time to contain the communal violence. Modi was busy with steps to control the situation, establishment of relief camps for riot victims and also with efforts to restore peace and normalcy."
An affidavit was filed in the Supreme Court on the basis of a report on testimony of suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt that Modi ordered top police officers not to take active actions in the riots. Bhatt said that on the night of 27 February 2002, Modi said that "Hindus must be allowed to carry out retaliatory violence against Muslims." The report filed by Raju Ramchandran, a Supreme Court lawyer and an "amicus curiae", alleged that Modi "gave instructions to top police officers to go slow on rioters". On 7 May 2012, Ramachandran said that Modi can be prosecuted under sections 153 A (1) (a) & (b), 153 B (1), 166 and 505 (2) of the Indian Penal Code for promoting enmity among different groups during the 2002 Gujarat riots, including the Naroda incident. The Special Investigation Team criticised the amicus report for relying heavily on Bhatt's testimony, who according to the Special Investigation Team (SIT) was an "unreliable witness" as he remained silent for nine years. The report was rejected by the team and according to the SIT, "No case can be made out against Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi in connection with the 2002 communal riots under any of the Sections of the Indian Penal Code mentioned by him ".
Investigations.
Initial investigation.
As the investigations began, some victims reported that the Gujarat Police "didn't cooperate well" and declined to lodge a First Information Report against some people. Later the police filed all complaints and presented their first report. The police accused and arrested 46 persons in the case; however, the investigation was criticised by the special court and was considered "unreliable as the investigator's propriety in recording the statements had itself been rebutted."
Special Investigation Team report.
In 2008, the Supreme Court of India directed that the case be transferred from police investigation to a committee appointed by the court, the Special Investigation Team, because the police had become one of the riot cases. The team was led by ex-Central Bureau of Investigation director R. K. Raghavan , and the case was the sixth Gujarat riots case assigned to them for investigation. Taking into account the findings about telephone records of various activists, Kodnani and other major leaders were included in the report for the first time. The Special Investigation Team's findings added 24 more names to the 46 people arrested by the police. Before the trial began, 6 of the accused died. In 2009 the trial started, during which three of the accused died, thus the final report covered 61 people.
The report said that Kodnani, Bajrangi and other leaders had led violence as well as "instigating the mob". Kodnani's telephone records revealed that she had made calls to the Chief Minister's Office (CMO) on the day of the massacre and that her telephone was located at places where the violence occurred. She had also contacted numerous police officials, especially K.K. Mysorewala, the police inspector in charge of Naroda at the time of the massacre. Her logs also revealed that she had received calls from the CMO and other police officers, the reasons for which are unknown.
Trial.
The court examined 327 witnesses, including eyewitnesses, victims, doctors, police personnel, government officials, and forensic experts. The special public case was prosecuted by Akhil Desai and Gaurang Vyas.
The judgement.
The first verdict in the case was handed down on 29 August 2012 by Judge Jyotsna Yagnik. The special trial court convicted Maya Kodnani, the sitting Bhartiya Janata Party MLA from Naroda and former Minister for Women and Child Development of Gujarat, and Bajrang Dal politician Babu Bajrangi under Indian Penal Code Section 120 B (criminal conspiracy) and 302 (murder). It also convicted 30 other people of murder, criminal conspiracy and other criminal charges, and acquitted 29 accused, giving them the benefit of the doubt as there was lack of evidence against them. Kodnai was the first woman, MLA and minister to be convicted in the Gujarat riot case. Suresh Dedawala (Richard) alias Langado and accomplices were convicted of rape and murder along with accomplices.
The prosecution requested the death penalty for all the convicts. Sentencing took place on 31 August: Kodani was given a 28-year prison term, and received two sentences; the first for 10 years under Indian Penal Code Section 326 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt by dangerous weapons or means) and the second for 18 years under Section 302 (murder) and others. Her sentences are set to run consecutively, making a total of 28 years. Bajrangi received life imprisonment. Of the rest of the 30 convicted, 22 were sentenced to a minimum of 14 years and 7 to a minimum of 21 years in prison; they included Naresh Chara, Morli Sindhi, Haresh Rathod, Suresh Langado, Premchand Tiwari, Manojbhai Sindhi Kukrani and Bipin Panchal. One of the convicted, Suresh alias Shahjad Nekalkar, absconded and his sentencing was deferred.
Comments about Kodnani and the initial investigation.
Kodnani said that she had never been to Naroda and had become a "victim of politics". Judge Yagnik described her as the "kingpin of the violence", and as the 37 months of trials ended, the court said in a statement that Kodnani had received help from the state government, and efforts had been made to avoid her name appearing on the list of accused. The statement said, "Kodnani was tremendously favoured by the then investigating agencies (before the Supreme Court-appointed Special Investigation Team took over). All care, at the cost of the duty of the investigating officer and even the interest of the victims, was taken to see to it that Kodnani's involvement does not come on the books. This, in fact, comes in the way to believe that Kodnani was ever a victim of any politics."
In the verdict, the special court criticised the initial investigation and the police for "not doing any policing during the 2002 riots and then deliberately conducting poor investigations." The verdict said that statements of witnesses recorded by the Gujarat police were "unreliable as the investigator's propriety in recording the statements had itself been rebutted." The special court judge also criticised Mysorewala's actions in investigation, and said that "Mysorewala and his force were totally inactive on all fronts and in every aspect." The court added that: "No doubt, it was an elephantine task to investigate the kind of crimes, but then it cannot be believed that the senior Investigating Officers, having experience, do not know what should be the priorities in such kind of investigation. But, it seems that they must have been over-shadowed by some element"
Responses to verdict.
Residents in the city, including the victims, appreciated the judgement and celebrated. Digvijay Singh of the Indian National Indian National Congress welcomed the verdict and statement of Modi's role in the riots and said, "Now it is proved that ministers and officials of BJP were involved in Gujarat riots and all this happened under the guidance of Modi ... can any minister (take part in riots) do this without the support of the Chief Minister?" The president of the Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee, Arjun Modhwadia, said on Twitter: "Naroda Patiya: justice delayed not denied. thousands behind the bars, more awaiting. but will the law be able to touch the 'beneficiary'?" Modi, in response to the sentencing of Kodnaniwho was a minister in his cabinetrefused to apologise. Modi said his government had played no role in the riots, and that, "If Modi has sinned, then Modi should be hanged. But even after trying sincerely to save many lives, some people want to bad-mouth me due to political reasons, then I can't answer them." Jaynarayan Vyas, spokesman for the cabinet of the Gujarat government, said that it was not involved and was not responsible for the actions of Kodnani: "Ms. Kodnani, a practising gynaecologist, was not a Minister at the time of the massacre and was only an MLA, and her individual action could not be construed as a 'cumulative responsibility of the Cabinet'."

</doc>
<doc id="36880850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880850" title="Kyle Kalis">
Kyle Kalis

Kyle Brockton Kalis (born December 21, 1993) is an American football player from Lakewood, Ohio. He was selected as a first-team All-American by "Sports Illustrated" and "Parade" magazine during his senior year in high school and became one of the top recruits in the 2012 college football recruiting class. After switching his commitment from Ohio State to Michigan, Kalis became the target of an angry reaction and threats from Ohio State fans. Currently an offensive lineman, he has completed his redshirt freshman season for the 2013 Michigan Wolverines football team. He was selected as one of the top five incoming freshman in the Big Ten Conference.
Early years.
Kalis is the son of Todd Kalis, an offensive lineman in the National Football League from 1988 to 1995. He played high school football at St. Edward High School in Lakewood. In December 2011, he was one of five offensive linemen selected by "Sports Illustrated" for its high school football All-America first team. In January 2012, he was also named to "Parade" magazine and U.S. Army All-American football teams. He was also one of six finalists for the Anthony Munoz Lineman of the Year Award, presented to the best high school lineman in the United States.
Recruiting.
Kalis was one of the top-rated recruits in the 2012 college football recruiting class. He was rated as a five-star prospect by both Rivals.com and Scout.com. He was also a finalist for the U.S. Army Player of the Year award and rated as the No. 1 prospect from Ohio and the No. 4-ranked offensive tackle in the United States by Rivals.com. In September 2010, Kalis orally committed to Ohio State. In July 2011, Kalis switched his commitment from Ohio State to Michigan in the wake of a memorabilia-for-gifts scandal that led to the resignation of head coach Jim Tressel.
Michigan.
Kalis conveyed his commitment to Michigan head coach Brady Hoke from the "M" logo at the middle of the field at Michigan Stadium. He also told reporters, "I believe the Michigan-Ohio border is now open. I think you're going to see eight or nine guys from the state of Ohio going over to Michigan this year." Kalis's comments incited an angry reaction from Ohio State fans. Kalis became the subject of threats from Ohio State fans. Kalis commented on the threats as follows: ""There are really a lot of stupid people out there. I'd get people telling me they wanted me to tear my ACL. I got plenty of threats. I know it was bad, but I gave my address out to about 20 people and told them to come find me. Nobody came."
Kalis enrolled at the University of Michigan in 2012. In late August 2012, the "International Business Times" selected Kalis as one of the five best incoming freshman in the Big Ten Conference. He is currently on the roster of the 2013 Michigan Wolverines football team as a right guard.

</doc>
<doc id="36880852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880852" title="Today's Parent">
Today's Parent

"Today's Parent" is a Canadian monthly magazine for parents of children from birth to age 14. Topics like health, education, behaviour, and nutrition are covered each month.
Circulation.
"Today's Parent" has a circulation of between 160,000 and 165,000, reaching around 1.6 million readers.
There are two other magazines in the Today's Parent Group -- "Today's Parent Newborn" and "Today's Parent Baby & Toddler" with circulations of 112,500 and 133,000 issues, respectively.
History.
Before launching "Today's Parent", founder Beverly Topping acquired the pregnancy publication "Great Expectations" in 1983, hoping to use the mailing list to promote a parenting magazine.
"Today's Parent" was first published in December 1984 as a 48 page saddle-stitched book. The magazine was originally published bimonthly and distributed through doctor offices. It did not reach newsstands until Rogers Publishing Ltd purchased the magazine.
In 2003, "Today's Parent" won the gold award in the parenting magazine category from "Folio Magazine", the trade publication for the US magazine industry.
In the Canadian National Magazine Awards, the magazine has been repeatedly recognized, having won 4 gold medals (in 1992, 2003, 2011, and 2012) and a silver medal (2004). In 2012, "Today's Parent" won the Magazine of the Year — Digital award for its website. 
Karine Ewart became editor-in-chief in June 2011, after Caroline Connell left the position in February 2011. After spending three years as executive editor, Connell was promoted to editor-in-chief in September 2006 when Linda Lewis resigned to launch "More magazine" at Transcontinental Media.
Under Ewart's editorial direction, the magazine emphasizes a variety of real-life stories from parents while balancing expert testimonials from pediatricians and psychologists. Ewart's parenting motto is "Whatever works for your family is the right answer".
In January, 2014, Sasha Emmons became editor-in-chief.
Since its March 2012 issue, "Today's Parent" has undergone a redesign to foster a sense of community between its readers/parents. The magazine introduced more lifestyle content (topics like fashion, beauty, travel and finance) in shorter pieces. The food section was also revamped, focusing more on images and simple recipes with accompanying grocery lists.

</doc>
<doc id="36880853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880853" title="The Creamers">
The Creamers

The Creamers are an American punk rock band from Los Angeles, California. Formed in 1986, their melodic and energetic approach to music has been compared to the New York Dolls and Ramones. Over their 20+ year career The Creamers have released three full length albums and countless singles, EPs and compilations. A career spanning CD/DVD anthology comprising unreleased songs, live footage, a documentary and new material is planned for a 2013 release by Negative Reaction Records. The band continues to record and make occasional live appearances. 

</doc>
<doc id="36880869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880869" title="Portuguese Renaissance">
Portuguese Renaissance

The Portuguese Renaissance refers to the cultural and artistic movement in Portugal during the 15th, 16th, and 17th centuries. Though the movement coincided with the Spanish and Italian Renaissances, the Portuguese Renaissance was largely separate from other European Renaissances and instead was incredibly important in opening Europe to the unknown and bringing a more worldly view to those European Renaissances, as at the time the Portuguese Empire spanned the globe.
As the pioneer of Age of Discoveries, Portugal flourished in the 15th, 16th, and 17th centuries, with voyages to India, the Orient, the Americas, and Africa. This immense trade network would create an incredibly wealthy Portuguese nobility and monarchy, that would become patrons for an incredible flourishing of culture, arts, and technology in Portugal and all over the world.
Context.
Diplomats, merchants, students, humanists, scholars, and artists, from all over Europe, were drawn to Portugal during its Renaissance. The maritime trade of the Age of Discovery played a decisive role in the evolution of the Portuguese Renaissance. Trade intensified contacts with important centers of the Italian Renaissance and it allowed a new commercial bourgeoisie to prosper and have excess funds to become patrons of the Portuguese Renaissance, much like the other Renaissances of Europe.
The discovery of new worlds and contact with other civilizations led to a cultural mix, which was reflected in the arts and literature of the Portuguese Renaissance. The contact with the civilizations of Africa and the East led to the importation of numerous objects of ceramics, textiles and furniture, precious woods, ivory and silk, in turn, led to the emergence of new artistic forms resulting cultural exchanges between Europe, and East Africa, through the Portuguese. The new trade of items with the newly discovered lands is also what allowed the Portuguese Renaissance to be funded, by creating a wealthy Portuguese nobility and merchant class.
It was Portugal's connection, through the vast Portuguese Empire, to a full world of trade, culture, and commerce, from Japan to Brazil and from the Azores to Goa, that allowed the Portuguese Renaissance to be born. Portugal's unique ability to interact and colonize other peoples (later called Lusotropicalism), allowed it fund a flourishing Renaissance of its own, of arts, humanities, religion, and sciences alike, not just in its mainland, but throughout its empire, due to the special link that the Portuguese Empire had to Portugal.
Sciences.
As the pioneer in Age of Discovery, Portugal and its renaissance attracted experts in astronomy, mathematics, and naval technology, which made Portugal a technical and scientific capital of Europe. During the Portuguese Renaissance, there was a plethora of technical works being created, such as mappa mundi, globes, treatises on the art of sailing, scripts, reports of shipwrecks, itineraries, and studies on tropical medicine.
Among the treatises on astronomy, oceanography, and nautical studies, major works included the following:
Pedro Nunes, one of the first Europeans to apply mathematics to cartography, discovered the concept of rhumb lines, later applied to the Mercator projection, which, in 1569, revolutionized cartography. He was also the inventor of several measuring apparatus, including the nonius, to measure fractions of a degree.
With Vasco da Gama's arrival in India, and the Portuguese Empire's expansion into that land, many scientists were sent eastward to study and compile new drugs and medicinal plants. The botonist Tomé Pires and physicians Garcia de Orta and Cristóvão da Costa collected and published works on new plants and local medicines.
Cartography.
Portuguese portolan chart were in great demand in Europe, for their greater knowledge and accuracy. Although protected as a state secret, the cartographic knowledge would eventually be passed clandestinely by some of those involved in the operation. One such example is the Cantino planisphere, which was stolen from the Casa da Índia, the Portuguese royal ministry for all things maritime, for the Duke of Ferrara in 1502, or the Dieppe maps, commissioned by Henry II of France and Henry VIII of England, which were copies of stolen Portuguese maps of the period.
In 1475, for the first time a Latin translation of Ptolemy's world map, from the second century, was printed. Portuguese exploration and studies soon revealed the gaps of ancient knowledge, such as how in 1488, passing the Cape of Good Hope, Bartolomeu Dias proved Ptolemy was erroneous in that there was no passage to the Indian Ocean.
In 1492, Martin Behaim, after his training in Portugal, and in service to the King of Portugal, built the first known globe, which had Europe and Asia were separated by a single ocean, a theory that Christopher Columbus, who was also trained in Portugal, would test later that year.
Arts.
The arts in the Portuguese Renaissance are a matter of historiographical dispute. This is because despite arts flourishing in this time, they did not follow the classicist aesthetic standards on which the Italians built their Renaissance on. The arts of the Portuguese Renaissance were unique amongst other Renaissance arts. They were a mixing of Late Gothic style with the innovations of the fifteenth century and a Portuguese national twist all at once. The assimilation with the Italian Renaissance arts model only really begins around 1540, when Portuguese Renaissance artists start breaking away from their national norms and adapt their works to the classicist Italian and Spanish model, though still keeping a Portuguese nature.
Architecture.
In terms of architecture, much like many sections of the arts, the Portuguese Renaissance did not, for the most and initial part, follow the paths of the other Renaissances, which heavily focused on the sophistication and simplicity of the ancient Greeks and Romans. For the larger part of the Portuguese Renaissance, its architecture was largely the continuation and elaboration of the Gothic style.
The profits of the spice trade, during the reigns of John II, Manuel I, and John III, financed the sumptuous and dominant style of the Portuguese Renaissance, the Manueline style. The Manueline was largely an intricate and complex style, with heavy gothic and light neo-classical influence, that was unique to Portugal.
The first known building to be done in Manueline style is the Monastery of Jesus of Setubal, by the architect Diogo de Boitaca, one of the originators and masters of the style. The nave of the monastery's church, supported by spiral columns, reveals the attempt to unify and make equal of the church, a style which reaches its climax in the church of Jerónimos Monastery, completed in 1520 by architect João de Castilho. Francisco de Arruda's Belém Tower and chapter window of the Convent of the Order of Christ, in Tomar, are some of the most famous examples of the Manueline style, and Portuguese Renaissance architecture in a whole.
Austere Renaissance classicism did not flourish much in the Portuguese Renaissance, but slowly established itself from the 1530s and onward, with the help of both foreigners and nationals, like Francisco de Holanda and Diogo de Torralva. The Hermitage of Nossa Senhora da Conceição, in Tomar, by Diogo de Torralva, is an excellent examples of the pure Renaissance classical architecture from the Portuguese Renaissance. Some examples of the strong and pure classical Renaissance are Miguel de Arruda's Igreja da Graça, in Évora, Diogo de Arruda's Ducal Palace of Vila Viçosa, in Vila Viçosa, and the Cloister of King D. John III, at the Convent of the Order of Christ, by Diogo de Torralva and Filippo Terzi, considered one of the most emblematic pieces of the Portuguese Renaissance. The Quinta da Bacalhoa and the Casa dos Bicos are good examples of strong classical Renaissance style palaces, which still hold Manueline tendencies.
Painting.
Painting was one of the more distinguishing factors of the Portuguese Renaissance, being one of the more contrasting arts to the other Renaissances of Europe. Painting in the Portuguese Renaissance was largely sober and almost exclusively religious, being more inline with the Northern Renaissance in nature, not following the pomp and excess of the Italian and Spanish Renaissances.
Portuguese Renaissance painting was largely in contact with Flemish style. This school gave origin to the School of Masters of the Sé Cathedral of Angra do Heroísmo, which was fostered by Jácome de Bruges.
Nuno Gonçalves, author of the Saint Vincent Panels, and designer of the Pastrana Tapestries, is considered one of the precursors of Portuguese Renaissance painting in Portugal. In his panels, considered one of the most important pieces of painted art in Portuguese history, he depicts prominent figures of Portuguese nobility, royalty, and clergy of the time with a dry style but powerfully realistic. His concern of portraying each figure individually, shows heavy Flemish influence, and foreshadows later Renaissance concerns.
At the beginning of the 16th century, various schools of painters were active throughout Portugal and its empire, often in collaboration with foreigners. A common trend amongst these schools of the Portuguese Renaissance was to give credit to their works of art as a school, and leave the actual author anonymous, making it difficult to attribute authorship. Even amongst those painters that gave their name to their works, it is complicated to verify the total validity of authorship due to the habit of collective works. A famous example of this was by court painter Jorge Afonso, whose pieces were often worked on by his colleagues at court, such as Frei Carlos, Francisco Henriques, Cristóvão de Figueiredo, Garcia Fernandes, Gregório Lopes, and Jorge Leal, amongst others. In Northern Portugal, a similar group existed, centered on Vasco Fernandes, alongside Gaspar Vaz and Fernão de Anes.
During the Portuguese Renaissance, the largest center of learning and arts was Lisbon, which thrived as a great city of Europe, because of its privileged position as a major trading center, open to a constant flow of new information, cultures, and finance. Lisbon was a true center of the European Renaissance, where artists and scholars from the corners of Europe came to try to make it rich. The rich Lisbon nobility funded countless paintings, often for either religious institutions in Lisbon or in their feudal estates. The Portuguese royal court often transferred between Lisbon, Coimbra, a former capital of Portugal, and Évora, which allowed these three cities to establish themselves as the largest centers of the Portuguese Renaissance. In Coimbra, the School of Coimbra was founded by Vicente Gil and his son, Manuel Vicente. In Évora, Manuel I of Portugal established a rich court, which would see its height under his son, Cardinal Infante Henrique of Aviz, Archbishop of Évora, who founded the University of Évora and its school of arts.
Humanities.
In the Portugal, as in the rest of Europe, the printing press played a key role in its Renaissance. The first printing presses came to Portugal by the hand of Jewish printers via Italy. The first book printed in Portuguese in Portugal was the Sacramental, printed in Chaves, in 1488, by Clemente Sanches de Vercial. By 1490, books were being printed in Lisbon, Porto, and Braga. Because of the new access to mass production of language and literature pieces, the Portuguese Renaissance saw a great flourishment for written work, from treatises to theatre, as well as the advancement and sophistication of the Portuguese language. Because of Portugal's key place in global relations, at the time, literary works of the Portuguese Renaissance influenced a great deal of foreign literary movements and linguistic studies.
Language.
The Portuguese Renaissance produced a plethora of poets, historians, critics, theologians, and moralists, of whom the Portuguese Renaissance was their golden age. Language was one of the purest parts of the Portuguese Renaissance, due to the large number of erudite words imported from classical Latin and ancient Greek, which greatly increased the complexity of the Portuguese language. The sixteenth century "Cancioneiro Geral", by Garcia de Resende, is often agreed upon to mark the end of Old Portuguese and the beginning of Modern Portuguese.
The standardization of the Portuguese language started in 1536, when Fernão de Oliveira published his "Grammatica da lingoagem portuguesa", the first literary piece that laid rules and standards for the Portuguese language. In 1540, João de Barros, a distinguished officer of the Portuguese crown, published the "Grammatica da Língua Portuguesa com os Mandamentos da Santa Madre Igreja", which taught the standards of the Portuguese language alongside the morals and culture of the Portuguese people. João de Barros's "Grammatica" was the second piece that sought to standardize the Portuguese language, and is considered the world's first illustrated text book.
The great interest in philology, during the Portuguese Renaissance, spread the use of etymological spellings, creating Portuguese words through justification of their Latin roots. The 1576 "Orthographia da lingoa portuguesa", by Duarte Nunes de Leão, a great pioneer in the study of Portuguese orthography, was one of the major works in support for the greater Latinisation of the Portuguese language. The printing press was key in the expansion of the Portuguese language, allowing new spellings, words, and grammar to seen by most Portuguese speakers.
Due to the success of the Portuguese Empire, and the padroado of the Portuguese missionary efforts, the Portuguese language came to be known as the "Christian language" in many parts of Asia. In concordance with the principles of the Portuguese Renaissance, many schools of learning and colleges were founded throughout Portugal and its empire.
It was the scholars of the Portuguese Renaissance that compiled some of the first interlingua dictionaries and literary works, able to do so because of the great distribution of the Portuguese Empire. These dictionaries were often the first linguistic interactions Europeans had to these far east cultures, such as the 1580 Chinese-Portuguese Dictionary, by Miguel Ruggeiro and Mateus Rigo, the 1603 Nippo Jisho Japanese-Portuguese Dictionary, by João Rodrigues, and the 1651 Dictionarium Annamiticum Lusitanum et Latinum Portuguese-Latin-Vietnamese Dictionary, by Alexandre de Rhodes.
Because of the great prestige and importance of the Portuguese Renaissance on nautical studies and sciences, most explorers of the time studied in Portugal and carried the Portuguese language to newly discovered lands. Many Portuguese words have entered the lexicon of other languages, such as "sepatu", shoe in Indonesian, from the Portuguese "sapato", "Keju", cheese in Malay, from the Portuguese "queijo", "meza", table in Swahili, from the Portuguese "mesa", and "botan", buton, from "botão", "kappa", cover, from "capa", and from the various Japanese words of Portuguese origin. Simultaneously, following the expansionist and knowledge seeking nature of the Portuguese Renaissance, the Portuguese language imported many words from foreign idioms, such as "cachimbo", meaning pipe, from the Kimbundu "kixima", and "algodão", meaning cotton, from the Arabic "al-qutun".
Literature.
The Portuguese Renaissance was a golden age for literary works in Portugal. The abundance of funds and interest lead to the creation of some of the best known pieces of the Portuguese language. Because of Portugal's importance during the Age of Discovery and strategic location as a waypoint between Europe and the rest of the world, many of these literary works were able to circulate outside of Portugal and achieve popularity throughout Europe.
In 1516, Garcia de Resende published the "Cancioneiro General", which contained more than two hundred separate literary works, of various authors, from the reigns of D. Afonso V and D. John II. Among the various authors represented in the "Cancioneiro Geral", Francisco de Sá de Miranda, Gil Vicente, and Bernardim Ribeiro were the most important and famous authors to the literary scene of the Portuguese Renaissance. Sá de Miranda was crucial to the internationalization of the literary works of the Portuguese Renaissance. After returning from his studies abroad, in 1526, Sá de Miranda introduced new forms of literary expression to Portugal, like the sonnet and the sestina. From 1502 until 1536, Gil Vicente wrote and staged forty one pieces of drama, both in Portuguese and Castilian, including mysteries, farces, comedies, and tragedies, which would earn him a space in history as the "Father of Iberian drama". Bernardim Ribeiro introduced the Pastoral novel to the Iberian Peninsula with his 1554 "Menina e Moça", alongside the eclogues of Cristóvão Falcão.
From the Portuguese Renaissance, there was no greater writer than Luís de Camões, whose treasured works have nicknamed the Portuguese language as the "Language of Camões". Camões was instrumental in reintroducing classical forms of literature, most importantly the epic, through his 1572 masterpiece, "Os Lusíadas", considered one of the greatest pieces of Portuguese literature from all time.
During the Portuguese Renaissance, chivalric romances were a literary phenomenon of the Iberian Peninsula, and of Europe as a whole, to a lesser extent. These novels based themselves on the idealization of mediaeval chivalric codes, and were filled with princes and princesses, knights and damsels, and almost always had a Christian moral. This type of novel was best personified in the 1508 version of João de Lobeira's "Amadis de Gaula" by Garci Rodríguez de Montalvo, the 1541 "Cronica do famoso e muito esforçado cavalleiro Palmeirim d´Inglaterra" by Francisco de Moraes, and the 1522 "Crónica do Imperador Clarimundo", by João de Barros.

</doc>
<doc id="36880870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880870" title="Recruit Educational Center">
Recruit Educational Center

The Recruit Educational Center was a program started by the US War Department in May 1919 at Camp Upton. It provided language instruction and military training for non-English-speaking and illiterate military inductees. The Recruit Educational Center claimed a widened social role for the U.S. Armed Forces during peacetime. It also intervened in the era’s virulent debates over eugenics, national identity, and the place of immigrants in American society.
While English-language fluency had been a prerequisite for enlistment in the US Armed Forces since the late nineteenth century, Congress suspended this restriction during the emergency of the Great War. After the Armistice, the Recruit Educational Center increased the amount of citizens eligible for military service. Furthermore, it stipulated that alien soldiers who graduated and committed three years to the Army could become naturalized citizens. The program quickly attracted over 100,000 enlistees and in 1920 Congress appropriated funds for five additional branches.
In practice, the Recruit Educational Center served as an "Americanization" program aimed at immigrants from Eastern and Southern Europe and their second-generation relatives. While the Great War is often characterized as a watershed event that promoted more inclusive notions of multi-culturalism, these immigrants continued to be perceived by many native-born Americans as racially foreign to or inassimilable with the American body politic.
In addition to lessons in English grammar, vocabulary, and writing, the Recruit Educational Center also provided instruction in military protocol, U.S. history, geography, citizenship, and political economy. Among the lessons reportedly learned by the recruits were the shortcomings of labor unionism and the superiority of capitalism to Bolshevism. The whole experience was designed to “influenc a foreigner’s environment, military duty, education, amusements, athletics, and religious observances that all combined may favorably react upon his character.” In 1919, a cadre of recent graduates, representing fourteen different national backgrounds, was sent on a publicity tour to promote the Recruit Educational Center. During the tour, the group performed public demonstrations of “The Cadence System of Close Order Drill,” a particularly grueling routine that demonstrated their remarkable efficiency and discipline.
Various prominent social commentators considered the Army’s Recruit Educational Center a compelling solution to an urgent social problem. The "Literary Digest" approvingly identified Camp Upton as, “Where the melting-pot is boiling the hottest.” The "Outlook" printed letters written by formerly illiterate recruits who described, in perfect English, their newfound identity as patriotic Americans willing to fight for their adopted country. A writer at the "North American Review" observed, “These men are being endowed with American minds, and taught to think American thoughts, and to look at things from an American point of view."

</doc>
<doc id="36880871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880871" title="Asuri">
Asuri

Also see Ashur (disambiguation) and Asura_(disambiguation)
Asuri may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36880882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880882" title="2012 Northern Football League season">
2012 Northern Football League season

The 2012 season is the 86th season of the Northern Football League (formerly Diamond Valley Football League) and commenced in April 2012.
2012 season.
The 2012 NFL season will contain 3 divisions. A 10 team Division One, 8 team Division Two and a 7 team Division Three. Lower Plenty were promoted to Division One after winning the Grand Final in Division 2, while North Heidelberg were relegated to Division Two, for the first time in their history, after winning the 'Wooden Spoon' in Division 1. South Morang were promoted to Division Two after winning the Grand Final in Division 3, while Mernda were relegated to Division Three after winning the 'Wooden Spoon' in Division 2.
The fixture for the 2011 NFL season is not a random selection of matches, but rather is planned by the NFL. The season will run for 18 rounds plus 5 weeks of finals.
References.
<references [http://nfl.org.au/] />

</doc>
<doc id="36880899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880899" title="Kadija">
Kadija

Kadija may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36880906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880906" title="Fatima Abdul raheem">
Fatima Abdul raheem

Fatima Abdul raheem (Arabic:فاطمة عبد الرحيم) (born October 15, 1975) 1975 is a Bahraini actress began her through youth theater in 1989 and is still going on in the Representation field where she made serials, plays and several movies.

</doc>
<doc id="36880921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880921" title="Church of St. James the Apostle">
Church of St. James the Apostle

The Church of St. James the Apostle, or as it is known today as St. James Episcopal Church, is an Episcopalian church in Oakland, California, United States. The church has been providing weekly services without break since 1858. It is a California Historical Landmark.
History.
The church was founded by Bishop William Ingraham Kip. Its first day of service was June 27, 1858.

</doc>
<doc id="36880929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880929" title="Sultry Serenade">
Sultry Serenade

Sultry Serenade is an album by American jazz flautist Herbie Mann featuring tracks recorded in 1957 for the Riverside label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars stating "This is most definitely very fine post-bop modern jazz, with a harmonic twist or turn here and there... This date should not be forgotten as one of Herbie Mann's best".

</doc>
<doc id="36880964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880964" title="2012 Panasonic Gobel Awards">
2012 Panasonic Gobel Awards

Panasonic Gobel Awards 2012 is the 15th edition of the Panasonic Awards which is an appreciation for people in the Indonesian television industry. It was held on March 27, 2012 at the Djakarta Theater XXI in Jakarta. The 2012 edition of the Panasonic Gobel Awards was themed "Yang Muda Yang Menginspirasi" (en: Inspiring Young). 
The awards featured some of Indonesia's best singers such as Ungu, Kotak, Princess, Mulan Jameela and many more. The performers, both singers and nominee readers wore formal clothes designed by Indonesia's best designers and the evening peak of Panasonic Gobel Awards 2012 broadcast live by TV stations under MNC Group, such as RCTI, MNCTV, and Global TV.
Categories.
For 2012, the awards added the category of FTV. The nominees were:

</doc>
<doc id="36880967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880967" title="Mexican mythology">
Mexican mythology

Mexican mythology may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36880976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36880976" title="Casa de Estudillo (San Leandro, California)">
Casa de Estudillo (San Leandro, California)

Casa de Estudillo or the Estudillo Home is a 19th century adobe house, located in San Leandro, Alameda County, California]], . 
It was built around 1850, and was the last home of José Joaquín Estudillo and his wife Juana Martínez de Estudillo.. 
Casa de Estudillo is a California Historical Landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="36881004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881004" title="Northern Mariana Islands women's national football team">
Northern Mariana Islands women's national football team

The Northern Mariana Islands women's national football team is the international women's football team of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, controlled by the Northern Mariana Islands Football Association.
The association is a member of the East Asian Football Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="36881033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881033" title="Mahidol University International College">
Mahidol University International College

Overview.
Mahidol University International College (Thai: วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ มหาวิทยาลัยมหิดล), also known as MUIC, is the International component of one of Thailand’s oldest universities. It resides in the larger campus, Salaya, located in the outskirts of Bangkok.
History.
In March 1986 the Mahidol University Council officially endorsed the formation of a new international bachelor degree program, the first of its kind at a public university, designated at that time as the International Students Degree Program (ISDP). Six months later, in September of l986, the program welcomed its first class of students. The beginning was a modest one – as most beginnings usually are. The facilities were situated on the second floor of the MU Social Science and Humanities Building, with 45 students, two full-time and 20 part-time instructors, a four-member support staff, seven major offerings in the Sciences and Travel Industry Management – and an abundance of hope and determination. During its initial years ISDP grew and flourished, so much so that it eventually required its own separate facilities. In 1992 ISDP officially dedicated its new building, which accommodated 486 students, and introduced two additional majors in Business Administration and Food Science and Technology. The year 1996 constituted an important milestone. With approval from the Mahidol University Council, ISDP was officially designated Mahidol University International College (MUIC), giving it the full weight and stature of a faculty. Two years later, a six-storey complex was completed in order to accommodate over 1,000 students. A new managerial style was introduced, in addition to an expansion of academic offerings, additional internships, including the Salaya Pavilion Hotel and Training Center, a pre-college program and the formation of offices that addressed both student and alumni needs.
Over the ensuing years, there were additional developments in the college’s academic, physical and social landscapes: an ever-increasing student enrollment, new major programs, the promotion of a vibrant student exchange program and a further expansion of its physical facilities, including an eight-storey extension. After 26 years, MUIC currently offers 19 undergraduate majors and 22 minors in the Arts, Sciences and Management, along with two master degree programs, for approximately 3,200 students. Furthermore, the college is anticipating even greater student enrollments in the future. It has recently commissioned the construction of a new building, to be completed in 2015. With this new addition MUIC will be able to accommodate up to 4,000 students.
Academic Divisions.
MUIC’s graduate and undergraduate programs are administered by the academic divisions. Each division is responsible for their respective curriculum and faculty. Below are the list of divisions at MUIC.
MUIC offers a broad spectrum of undergraduate programs in the Arts, Sciences and Administration that are designed to develop a new generation of academics, international managers and industry professionals.
BACHELOR OF ARTS (B.A.)
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE (B.Sc.)
BACHELOR OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION (B.B.A.)
BACHELOR OF ENGINEERING (B.Eng.)
Computer Engineering
City Campus is located at Sathorn, Bangkok that offers 2 postgraduate programs:
MASTER OF MANAGEMENT (M.M.)
in International Hospitality Management
MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION (M.B.A.)
in Business Modeling and Development
Admissions.
Students have to pass entrance examinations and an interview in order to get into the college. There is an English examination which utilizes TOEFL-style exam questions for four sections - Grammar, Writing, Reading and Listening.
Scholarships.
Scholarships for high school potential students
1. ASEAN Students Scholarship.
MUIC offers a scholarship for ASEAN nationals (except Thais) who want to pursue their Bachelor Degree at MUIC.
Qualifications
8 scholarships a year
Duration 4 years
Scholarship details
This scholarship is awarded to potential students (Thai nationals) with limited finances resources who have completed Thai high school in Thailand and have achieved a cumulative 3.0 GPA or above for 5 terms in high school. 
The scholarship covers a tuition-fee waiver for 5 years, from PC to graduation. Four scholarships will be awarded every year for each of the four entrance examinations.
Criteria:
3. MUIC Scholarship for Science Majors (Thai nationals)
This scholarship is awarded to potential students (Thai nationals) who have completed Thai high school in Thailand and have achieved a cumulative 3.5 GPA or above for 5 terms in high school. The scholarship covers a tuition-fee waiver for 5 years, from PC to graduation. Four scholarships will be awarded every year for each of the four entrance examinations.
Criteria:
Students must apply for a Science Major
Reputation.
Mahidol University was one of the first universities in Thailand to offer liberal arts, international, English-based Bachelor programmes. The opportunity proved to be a success amongst Thai students looking for a leg up into studying further degrees abroad. Mahidol University, as a whole, has been ranked the best university in Thailand in various ranking methodologies. Although the international college is an autonomous element of the institution, it does not have its own academic ranking. However, the international college has benefited from the great availability resources, facilities, activities and teaching faculty provided by the university The college is said to be "one of the most successful international undergraduate degree programs in Thailand." It claims to hold a strong focus on liberal arts and "the promotion of a learning culture that prepares its students to meet the challenges of living and working in the 21st century."
Mahidol University International College possesses strong extracurricular activities. It has a competitive Students in Free Enterprise (SIFE) programme which has won awards nationally. It has also a notably strong debate society. As of 2012, the debate club hash won 6 out of 8 national debate titles at the annual championship - European Union-Thailand Intervarsity Debate Championships and regularly top the rankings of Thai universities at international debating competitions.
MUIC is one of only two higher education institutions (the other being with Chulalongkorn University’s Sasin Graduate School) to have received the 'Thailand Trust Mark' from the Thai Ministry of Commerce, indicating the high quality educational services that the college provides.

</doc>
<doc id="36881048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881048" title="Kekerten Territorial Park">
Kekerten Territorial Park

Kekerten Territorial Park is located on Kekerten Island, about south of Pangnirtung, in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.
History.
Where the park is now was site of a whaling station established in 1840 by William Penny and the Cumberland Sound area became a major whale hunting ground. The British and American whalers relied on local Inuit knowledge in their quest for whales. Remains of the storehouses are still visible as are the remains of a whaling ship.
Getting there.
The only means of getting to the park is a 3 hour boat ride from Pangnirtung in the summer or a longer trip in winter by snowmobile.

</doc>
<doc id="36881049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881049" title="German Air Force (disambiguation)">
German Air Force (disambiguation)

"German Air Force may refer to:"

</doc>
<doc id="36881076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881076" title="Great Ideas of Western Mann">
Great Ideas of Western Mann

Great Ideas of Western Mann is an album by American jazz flautist Herbie Mann's Californians featuring tracks recorded in 1957 for the Riverside label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars stating "it was probably the first album of jazz in which the leader recorded entirely on bass clarinet... Mann phrases on the bass clarinet pretty much the way he does on flute, with a definite personality, plenty of swing, and a airy outlook that makes the instrument sound less sinister. Stylistically, this is strictly a mainstream West Coast bop blowing session".

</doc>
<doc id="36881103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881103" title="Joseph Bradford">
Joseph Bradford

Joseph Bradford may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="36881108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881108" title="Tartarus Montes">
Tartarus Montes

The Tartarus Montes are a mountain range on the planet Mars, stretching over 1070 km and located around the coordinates 15.46º N, 167.54º E, between Orcus Patera and the Elysium volcanic region.
Albedo was first identified from the contrast of bright and dark signals photographed by Eugène Antoniadi.
Etymology.
The mountain range was named in 1885. It has been named after Greek god of the underworld, Tartarus, by the standard planetary nomenclature for Martian landforms. According to Greek myth, Tartarus is the lowest part of Hades. Zeus imprisoned the Titans in Tartarus. The second part of the name "Montes" means mountains.
Features.
Photographs taken by the Mars Global Surveyor indicate that there are cones and volcanic rings near the Tartarus Montes. Narrow grabens and fractures are present around the regions of this mountain range. Both the hilly areas and the intervening plains are cut with similar marks. This implies that there is a widespread tensional fracture system associated with Cerberus Fossae. At one point, Grjota’ Vallis, an outflow channel, crosses the bedrock ridge of the Tartarus Montes.

</doc>
<doc id="36881112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881112" title="2012 Men's South American Volleyball Club Championship">
2012 Men's South American Volleyball Club Championship

The 2012 Men's South American Volleyball Club Championship was the fourth official edition of the men's volleyball tournament, played by eight teams over 5–9 August 2012 in Ignacio Carrera Pinto Gymnassium in Linares, Chile. The winning team qualified for the 2012 FIVB Volleyball Men's Club World Championship.
Pools composition.
Teams were seeded according to how the country representing finished in the last tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36881161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881161" title="Maxime Poundjé">
Maxime Poundjé

Maxime Poundjé (born 16 August 1992) is a French footballer who plays as a defender for Bordeaux in Ligue 1.

</doc>
<doc id="36881217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881217" title="Iheb Mbarki">
Iheb Mbarki

Iheb Mbarki (born 14 February 1992) is a Tunisian footballer who plays as a right back for Evian Thonon Gaillard in Ligue 1.

</doc>
<doc id="36881232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881232" title="Flute Soufflé">
Flute Soufflé

Flute Soufflé is an album by American jazz flautists Herbie Mann and Bobby Jaspar featuring tracks recorded in 1957 for the Prestige label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4½ stars stating "Herbie Mann was a flutist who occasionally played tenor and Bobby Jaspar a tenor-saxophonist who doubled on flute. Two of the four songs find them switching back and forth while the other two are strictly flute features... the two lead voices constantly interact and trade off during this enjoyable performance".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Herbie Mann except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36881247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881247" title="Alfa Romeo 85">
Alfa Romeo 85

Alfa Romeo 85 is a truck produced by Alfa Romeo, it was an updated version of licensed Büssing model.
Technical characteristics.
They are the same like Alfa Romeo 80. The volume of the engine is 11,560 cc and it is 4 cylinders with 110 hp.
With the truck you can make a longer version with load.
History.
In 1935 was presented a gas generator version 85G. In 1938 10-ton tri-axle version "110" was showed, it was equipped with 125 hp engine and was used as a basis for city buses.
Production.
Around 100 examples were produced.

</doc>
<doc id="36881252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881252" title="Genius Training Student Workbook">
Genius Training Student Workbook

The Genius Training Student Workbook is Apple's employee training manual for Apple Store employees, who are referred to as Apple employees. 
The manual features various marketing and manipulation techniques revolving around the end goal of selling merchandise to every prospective customer that enters an Apple Store. To this end, one of the basic tenets taught to the employees in training is that “Everyone in the Apple Store is in the business of selling”.
The basic selling strategy is summed up with a mnemonic device: Approach, Probe, Present, Listen, End. 
When customers have concerns, the prescribed response in the manual is the "Three Fs:" Feel, Felt, and Found technique.
Every Apple Store employee must attend a two-week recruit training that mandates programs as diverse as “Using Diagnostic Services” and “The Power of Empathy.”
Apple staff also have a list of words that the manual clearly stipulates as banned; words such as "bomb", "crash" and "hang" must be substituted by "does not respond" or "unexpectedly quits". The manual also teaches employees to read emotional cues such as drumming on a table or placing a palm on the back of the neck that might mean a customer is bored or frustrated, respectively.
The manual was a well-kept secret, until a copy leaked in August 2012 and ended in the hands of Gizmodo's senior staff writer Sam Biddle, who commented: "It’s a penetrating look inside Apple: psychological mastery, banned words, roleplaying—you’ve never seen anything like it." A "Christian Science Monitor" article connected the manual's contents to the idea of the "reality distortion field", a term for Apple's effectiveness at charming customers.

</doc>
<doc id="36881253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881253" title="Fiona Southorn">
Fiona Southorn

Fiona Southorn (born 8 October 1967) is a New Zealand paralympic cyclist. She represented New Zealand at the 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics and the 2012 Summer Paralympics. 
Born in Tokoroa and living in Waipu in Northland, Southorn, who is missing her left hand, won a bronze medal in the C5 individual pursuit at the 2012 London Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36881270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881270" title="Alfa Romeo 350">
Alfa Romeo 350

Alfa Romeo 350 is a medium Italian truck produced by Alfa Romeo. It was made after the 85 and 110 proved to be too heavy and expensive.
Technical characteristics.
The truck had 6 cylinder engine with 85 hp. Had place for 2 people in the cabin.
History.
Used for the building companies and for transport different load.

</doc>
<doc id="36881274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881274" title="Iolaus iulus">
Iolaus iulus

Iolaus iulus, the Iulus Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Senegal (Basse Casamance), Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, southern Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, the Republic of Congo, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Uganda and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests and cleared lands.
Adults have been recorded feeding from flowers. During the dry season, both sexes mud-puddle.
The larvae feed on the flowers of "Loranthus incanus", "Globimetula braunii", "Globimetula mweroensis", "Tapinanthus erianthus" and "Englerina woodfordioides". They are associated with the ant species "Crematogaster buchneri". The larvae are predominantly ruby and green in colour.

</doc>
<doc id="36881284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881284" title="Mingyi River">
Mingyi River

The Mingyi River () is a tributary of the Tanglang River in Yunnan province, southwestern China. The river rises in southwestern Jinning County and the upper stream is called the Chemu River () . Another stream rises in the far south of Anning City. These two streams flow together near Bajie, and from there the Mingyi flows north through southern Anning City into Tanglang River. The total length of the Mingyi is 77 km.

</doc>
<doc id="36881289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881289" title="Iolaus jamesoni">
Iolaus jamesoni

Iolaus jamesoni is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo, Uganda, western Kenya and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
The larvae feed on "Globimetula braunii".

</doc>
<doc id="36881292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881292" title="Ministry of Oil and Gas (Oman)">
Ministry of Oil and Gas (Oman)

The Ministry of Oil and Gas (MOG) is the governmental body in the Sultanate of Oman responsible for developing and implementing the government policy for exploiting the oil and gas resources in Oman.
The current Minister of Oil and Gas is Mohammed bin Hamad Al Rumhi and the current Undersecretary of the Ministry of Oil and Gas is Nasser bin Khamis Al Jashmi.
History.
MOG was originally established as the Ministry of Oil and Minerals and was renamed in the year 1997 as the Ministry of Oil and Gas.
Function.
The competences of MOG are as follows: 
Structure.
MOG has six General Directorates: 

</doc>
<doc id="36881301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881301" title="Iolaus shaba">
Iolaus shaba

Iolaus shaba is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Adults have been recorded in September.

</doc>
<doc id="36881314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881314" title="Antoine Abel">
Antoine Abel

Antoine Abel was a poet from Seychelles born on November 27, 1934, and died on October 19, 2004 in Mahé, Seychelles. He is considered the father of Seychelles literature.

</doc>
<doc id="36881322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881322" title="Seweryn Chajtman">
Seweryn Chajtman

Seweryn Chajtman (5 August 1919 in Warsaw – 20 August 2012 there) – a Polish scientist (PhD, Professor), engineer, teacher of organization and management in the industry (Industrial Management), pioneered Computer Science in Poland. Creator of the Alternative Theory of Organization and Management.
Biography.
After high school he studied at the State Higher School of Mechanical and Electrical Engineering founded by Hyppolite Wawelberg and Stanislaw Rotwand. In the study undertook a job as a machinist and an intern at repair workshops Piotrkowska Manufactory in Piotrkow (1937) and at the Roundhouse Warsaw-West Railway Station (1938). In addition, casual earned as a draftsman, designer and installer. In July 1939, graduated from the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering of the State Higher School of Mechanical and Electrical Engineering (workshop and machine tool section). During his studies he was a member of the Socialist Youth Organization "Life" (up to 1938). Since February 1939 he worked for a printing machine factory in Warsaw as a designer and manager of the workshop.
In autumn 1939, enter illegally into the area of Soviet Union. Since December 1939 he worked in the Roundhouse Lviv-East as repairs and reconstruction of steam locomotives technical supervisor. From October 1940 to June 1941 he worked at the county Board of Quarry as a boilers supervising and devices repairs engineer and designer of stone processing. After Nazi Germany's attack on the Soviet Union was evacuated with the processing plant and sent to work in the Central Workshop of the Board Engineering in the south-western Russia on the Volga, where he worked as an design engineer, technologist, foreman and shift manager in the department of mechanical and assembly.
In May 1942 drafted into the Red Army as a weapons engineer. He was on the front lines: the Voronezh Front, the Volkhov Front, near Sinyavino, the Leningrad Front and at the Velikiye Luki. Seriously wounded during the offensive in the area of Velikiye Luki (location) - Nevel (location). After treatment in hospitals was employed at the tools factory in Moscow (November 1943) as a manager of repairs tools and technologist and designer in the experimental department of the machine tool. He worked there until 1948.
In the meantime, in order to supplement the specialization began (1945) individual studies at the Moscow Engineering and Economics Institute (MEEI), where he studied economics and organizational issues in the engineering industry (without interrupting work in a factory tools). In June 1947 obtained a master's degree in engineering and economics at the Faculty of Machine Building. He was then admitted to postgraduate studies in the Department of Organization and Economics of Machine Building Enterprises of the same Institute.
In May 1949 he returned to Poland for a few months. He was sent to the Department of Production and Technology of the Ministry of Heavy Industry. In February 1950 he went back to Moscow to complete his doctoral studies. Since March 1950 he continued his doctoral studies. At the same time, he was employed as a technical consultant in the Office of the Commercial Counsellor Embassy of the People's Republic in Moscow, where he was sent by the Ministry of Heavy Industry. In April 1952 he defended his doctoral dissertation on the prospects for the development and improvement of the organization of unique heavy machinery building. During his studies at MEEI led classes and took part in the research work on solving problems and implementing improvements in industrial organization, including car plants called ZIS. He also participated in a fairly famous work on the comprehensive reorganization of plants called "Caliber" ().
In May 1952 finally returned to Poland and became operational in Warsaw University of Technology as an assistant professor, while continuing to work at the Ministry of Machine-Building Industry. He also lectures on the organization and degree work at masters and doctoral courses at the Main School of Planning and Statistics (at present: Warsaw School of Economics).
He has organized and launched the first in Poland engineering and economic studies (1952) at Warsaw University of Technology. As a result, the Department of Engineering and Economics was established at the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering (at present: Faculty of Production Engineering) and the Department of Organization, Economics and Planning in the Machine Building Industry (OE, which led to the 1968. Engineering and economic studies educated specialists in the organization of production. Studies were created in the following varieties: 1) MSc evening courses for experienced engineers with prior work experience, 2) version of the uniform 5-year study (since1954), 3) weekend and extramural studies version (after 1960), 4) in the form post-MSc study in the field of data processing and applications of digital computers (since 1965). Studies were based on the system design and students' own work, based on organizational laboratories, in close collaboration with industrial plants. After 1955 these studies have gained prominence and recognition in the industry.
While working in the Ministry of Machine Industry is mainly occupied (1952-1953) to develop the concept of operations, preparation and running conditions of the Institute of Machine Industry Organization "Orgmasz" (at present: Institute of Organization and Management in Industry "Orgmasz"), which was launched at the end of 1953.
In May 1953 he was sent to the Scientific Personnel Education Institute at the Central Committee of the Polish United Workers' Party as a team manager at the Department of Industrial Economics. These obligations he was to solve the Institute in 1956.
During his research work in the Soviet Union he became knowledgeable of the works of Leonid Kantorovich (who became later a Nobel Prize winner in 1975) including theory published in 1939. Despite this theory being abandoned in the USSR under Stalin, he included operations research elements in his lectures in the Department of Organization, Economics and Planning in the Machine Building Industry. He initiated the first lectures in computer science in the Faculty of Production Engineering of Warsaw University of Technology, as well as Poland's first lectures in the field of computer applications.
In 1963 he spent several months in a research internship in the United States, during which visited several universities and industrial plants, and established contacts with leading American theorists and practitioners in the field industrial engineering. After returning from the USA he created a laboratory equipped with counting and perforating Hollerith machines, accounting and billing equipment, equipment for standardization work, psychological test instruments, equipment for production planning and a then state-of-the-art UMC-1 computer. From 1957 to 1962 he was half full-time researcher at the Institute of Machine Industry Organization "Orgmasz". In 1965 he received the title of Professor in the field of economics. In the period 1958-1969 he was the promoter of 14 defended doctoral dissertations.
As a result of the political crisis in March 1968 removed from scientific, teaching and administration activities in the Department of Organization, Economics and Planning in the Machine Building Industry. He was also prevented from continuing occupation, removed from the research councils, committees, etc., laboratories have been physically removed. He could also find employment in the Institute of Machine Industry Organization "Orgmasz" and other academic institutions, research or industrial, with the exception of the Department of Praxeology of Polish Academy of Sciences. In 1975, "removed from the status of a personnel" in the Warsaw University of Technology. In the same year he was sent to the two institutes of the Polish Academy of Sciences, however, was not there to begin substantive work. In the years 1969-1971 as a result of efforts of Professor Tadeusz Kotarbinski and Professor Jan Zieleniewski he worked closely with the Department of Praxiology (Polish Academy of Sciences), leading the study team on the dynamics of labor productivity, intensity and qualification work in certain sectors, and on the formalization of the structure of production processes.
In 1976, he was sent to the Institute of Machine Industry Organization "Orgmasz", where until 1992 headed the scientific research teams. Its main activity was the execution of orders of industrial enterprises in the design improvement of the organization. This allowed the research and development of ideas generated in previous periods.
In February 1990 he received from the then Rector of Warsaw University of Technology Professor Mark Roman letter and accompanying Senate resolution. The letter included the statement that ""[...] without any reasonable grounds and undeserved [...] reason [...] deprived of Professor opportunities for teaching and research work [...] dismissal of Warsaw University of Technology [...] was very hurtful and disgraceful"".
In 1999 he was awarded by the President Aleksander Kwaśniewski of the Commander's Cross of the Order of Rebirth of Poland (Polonia Restituta) for outstanding achievements in teaching and scientific work and for his contribution to the development of the national economy. In 2003 he received the title of Merit for the Technical University of Warsaw.
He was a member of the Organization and Management Sciences Committee of the Polish Academy of Sciences, the Scientific Society for Organization and Management, Association of the Polish Mechanical Engineers and Technicians.
He was buried 23 August 2012 at the Warsaw Warsaw Jewish Cemetery.
Scientific and research activities.
The content of most of his scientific and research work was a critical review of many widespread myths and well-worn views on organizational issues, contrary to the reality of the production processes and tendencies of industrial development. As a result, he attempted to objectively clarify of organizational phenomena regularities and attempted to establish objective criteria used for the improvement of the organization. This applied in particular:
Most of the new concepts created in the 70's served to develop at the turn of 70's and 80's, the concept of a compact synthetic theoretical basis (with the laws and regularities) an organization of the so-called ergo-transformational systems. Ergo-transformational system (or process) he described as a system (or process), which is: 1) targeted, 2) controlled by a person or people. This represented a generalization of any manufacturing, industrial, economic, and social (non-economic) system (or process).
The main original theoretical and methodological approaches:

</doc>
<doc id="36881327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881327" title="Pio Chiaruzzi">
Pio Chiaruzzi

Pio Chiaruzzi (San Marino, August 11, 1949) is a Sammarinese politician.
From the 1960s and the 1970s he has been an active activist in several cultural and political assosiations such as "Circolo politico-culturale San Marino 2000", "Confederazione Sammarinese del Lavoro" (CSdL) and "Partito Comunista Sammarinese" (PCS). In 1976, he was one of the founders of the cooperative Titancoop.
During the 1980s he worked in the Social Security of San Marino, during the 1990s in Labour Offices and in 1997 was one of the founders of the association "Manifesto per una cultura riformista". In 2000, he worked for the state agencies of industry and public treasury.

</doc>
<doc id="36881334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881334" title="Iolaus parasilanus">
Iolaus parasilanus

Iolaus parasilanus, the Friendly Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ghana, Nigeria, Gabon, the Republic of Congo, Angola, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Uganda, Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
The larvae feed on "Loranthus" species, "Phragmanthera usuiensis usuiensis", "Phragmanthera polycrypta" and "Phragmanthera brieyi".

</doc>
<doc id="36881352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881352" title="A Country Doctor (collection)">
A Country Doctor (collection)

A Country Doctor (German: Ein Landarzt) is a collection of short stories written in 1916 by Franz Kafka, containing the story of the same name. Kurt Wolff published it in 1919 as the second collection of stories by Kafka, after "Betrachtung" ("Contemplation").
Kafka dedicated the collection to his father. He often recounted to Max Brod the reaction of his father when he presented it to him: "Lay it on my nightstand."
Originally the short story The Bucket Rider was to be the concluding story of the volume but was retracted by Kafka before it was printed.

</doc>
<doc id="36881357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881357" title="Sieglinde Gstöhl">
Sieglinde Gstöhl

Sieglinde Gstöhl (born 1964) is a writer from Liechtenstein
She has two older sisters and her parents are Georg Gstöhl and his wife Lore (died 1996). She studied economics and social sciences at the University of St. Gallen, where she graduated in 1988. She later studied International Relations and Political Sciences at the Graduate Institute of International Studies in Geneva. She has been a member of the Centre of International Matters of the Harvard University in Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="36881360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881360" title="Platja des Niu Blau">
Platja des Niu Blau

Description.
" Platja des Niu Blau" is a small beach in a cove on the eastern outskirts of the town of "Santa Eulària des Riu". The beach has a backdrop of pine trees and the water is shallow clear. The cove is at the mouth of the seasonal river called "Torrent d´Arabí". The name "Niu Blau" means "Blue Nest" and derives from the name of a small house which stood on this bay in the 1930s.
The Blue Nest.
"Niu Blau" or "Blue Nest" was a small dwelling built on the cove by the Valencian impressionist artist Rigoberto Soler for himself and Pilar, who was his girlfriend and model. Soler painted many works featuring the landscape around Santa Eulària des Riu its environment.

</doc>
<doc id="36881369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881369" title="Alfa Romeo 110AF">
Alfa Romeo 110AF

Alfa Romeo 110AF is Italian trolleybus produced from Alfa Romeo from 1939 to 1944.
History.
Trolleybuses from this model were used in the big cities to 1973. The cities which this trolleybus transported people were Rome, Milan, Naples, Genoa, Salerno and in the south part Salerno. It is very comfort vehicle for that time and had long life in the transport system of Italy.
Movie.
The trolleybus stars in La signora senza camelie an Italian movie from 1953.
Technical characteristics.
It use motor Breda MTR 290/230 with 120HP.The length in the short verion is 9 m and the other version is 12 m .It had 3 wheelbases.It had places for 89 people and 45 seats.
Production.
Model 110 AF/5 from Macchi - Breda 20 examples.<br>
Model 110 AF/5 from Varesina - Breda 10 examples.<br>
Model 110 AF/8 from Macchi-CGE 10 examples.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36881384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881384" title="Flute Flight">
Flute Flight

Flute Flight is an album by American and Belgian jazz flautists Herbie Mann and Bobby Jaspar featuring tracks recorded in 1957 for the Prestige label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars stating "Anyone who complains that jazz hasn't had enough flute playing over the years will want to add "Flute Flight" to his/her collection".

</doc>
<doc id="36881395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881395" title="Iolaus ismenias">
Iolaus ismenias

Iolaus ismenias, the White Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Senegal, Guinea-Bissau, Burkina Faso, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, Nigeria, Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Sudan, Uganda and Ethiopia. The habitat consists of dry savanna.
The larvae feed on "Loranthus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="36881408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881408" title="Phyllis Joyce McClean Punnett">
Phyllis Joyce McClean Punnett

Phyllis Joyce McClean Punnett ( March 17, 1917 – October 12, 2004) was a musician and writer known for writing the lyrics of "Saint Vincent, Land so beautiful", the national anthem of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="36881419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881419" title="Iolaus christofferi">
Iolaus christofferi

Iolaus christofferi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in northern Cameroon. The habitat consists of dry savanna.
Etymology.
The species is named for the Swedish lepidopterist Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius.

</doc>
<doc id="36881426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881426" title="Public disclosure">
Public disclosure

Public disclosure is any non-confidential communication which an inventor or invention owner makes available to one or more members of the public, revealing the existence of the invention and enabling an appropriately experienced individual ("person having ordinary skill in the art") to reproduce the invention. In the U.S., public disclosure of an invention results in the loss of patentability of the invention after a period of one year. In other countries, public disclosure may result in the immediate loss of invention patentability unless a patent application has already been filed, and disclosure may be considered to include oral as well as written communication.
"(b) the invention was patented "or described in a printed publication" in this or a foreign country or in public use or on sale in this country, "more than one year prior to the date of the application for patent" in the United States..."
"Printed publications" generally include all paper and electronic forms of publication. For example, books, scientific journals, posters, conference slide presentations, and website articles would all qualify as disclosure media.

</doc>
<doc id="36881440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881440" title="Elobixibat">
Elobixibat

Elobixibat is an IBAT inhibitor, in clinical testing as of December 2012 for the treatment of chronic constipation and irritable bowel syndrome with constipation (IBS-C). It works by blocking the enterohepatic circulation of bile acids, increasing the bile acid concentration in the gut, which accelerates intestinal passage and softens the stool.
The drug was developed by Albireo AB, who licensed it to Ferring Pharmaceuticals for further development and marketing.
Albireo has partnered with Ajinomoto Pharmaceuticals, giving the Japan-based company the rights to further develop the drug and market it throughout Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="36881448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881448" title="Hajah Norsiah binti Haji Abdul Gapar">
Hajah Norsiah binti Haji Abdul Gapar

Hajah Norsiah binti Haji Abdul Gapar (Seria, 24 April 1952) is a Bruneian writer.
She graduated with a masters degree in Clinical Chemistry from London University in 1997 and won the S.E.A Write Awards in 2009

</doc>
<doc id="36881453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881453" title="Kelling Quags">
Kelling Quags

Kelling Quags is a nature reserve near Kelling, Norfolk. It is 5.7 ha (14 acres) in extent. It is managed by the Norfolk Ornithological Association as a coastal fresh marsh. It consists of pools and wet grazing marshes behind a shingle ridge. It was purchased by the NOA in 1984.
It was designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) in 1954, and in 1986 it was subsumed into the North Norfolk Coast Site of Special Scientific Interest. The larger area is now additionally protected through Natura 2000 (SPA) and Ramsar listings, and is part of the Norfolk Coast Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB).

</doc>
<doc id="36881462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881462" title="Playhouse Disney Hong Kong">
Playhouse Disney Hong Kong

Playhouse Disney Hong Kong is a Playhouse Disney-branded pay cable television channel for viewers in Hong Kong based in Kowloon Peninsula and is available in 3-national languages: English, Cantonese and Chinese. This channel is only available on Cable TV Hong Kong in Hong Kong on Channel 136, Now TV in Hong Kong on Channel 442 and HKBN bbTV in Hong Kong on Channel 312. The old name for Playhouse Disney Hong Kong was Disney Channel Asia. English, Cantonese and Chinese are available 24-hours in daily. Playhouse Disney Hong Kong's main competitors are Hong Kong Disneyland. Lindsay Lohan was the ambassador for Playhouse Disney Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="36881466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881466" title="Rowing at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's single sculls">
Rowing at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's single sculls

The women's single sculls competition at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London took place are at Eton Dorney Lake which, for the purposes of the Games venue, is officially termed Eton Dorney.
Results.
Heats.
The winner of each heat qualify to the finals, remainder goes to the repeachge.
Repechages.
First two of each repechage qualify to the finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36881481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881481" title="Fiat 2401 Cansa">
Fiat 2401 Cansa

Fiat 2401 Cansa is an Italian trolleybus produced by Fiat.
History.
The production of the trolleybus started in 1953. Fiat build this vehicle to satisfy the needs of the Italian trolleybus system. The bus had 21 seats and in total can take 70 people.
The length of Fiat 2401 Cansa is 10,5 m and it had 2 special looking doors. There was a luggage space in the back of the trolleybus.
Transport system.
Used in:

</doc>
<doc id="36881492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881492" title="Efficiency–thoroughness trade-off principle">
Efficiency–thoroughness trade-off principle

The efficiency–thoroughness trade-off principle (or ETTO principle) is the principle that there is a trade-off between efficiency or effectiveness on one hand, and thoroughness (such as safety assurance and human reliability) on the other. In accordance with this principle, demands for productivity tend to reduce thoroughness while demands for safety reduce efﬁciency.

</doc>
<doc id="36881499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881499" title="Iolaus vansomereni">
Iolaus vansomereni

Iolaus vansomereni is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in north-western Uganda. The habitat consists of savanna.

</doc>
<doc id="36881503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881503" title="Iolaus newporti">
Iolaus newporti

Iolaus newporti, Newport’s Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in western Nigeria. The habitat consists of dry savanna.
Adults are on wing in April and May.

</doc>
<doc id="36881508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881508" title="Bradford (name)">
Bradford (name)

Bradford is a surname of Anglo-Saxon origin. It particularly refers to those from the town of Bradford, West Yorkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="36881523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881523" title="Iolaus alcibiades">
Iolaus alcibiades

Iolaus alcibiades, the Giant Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea, Sierra Leone, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop), Cameroon, Bioko, Gabon, the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Equateur and Lulua). The habitat consists of forests and more open habitats.
The larvae feed on the flowers of "Loranthus incanus". They are associated with the ant species "Crematogaster buchneri".

</doc>
<doc id="36881527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881527" title="2012 Sierra Leonean cholera outbreak">
2012 Sierra Leonean cholera outbreak

, a cholera outbreak in Sierra Leone has caused the deaths of 392 people. It is the country's worst outbreak of cholera in 15 years. The outbreak has also affected Guinea, which shares a reservoir near the coast. This is the largest cholera outbreak in Africa in 2012.
Abdulai Bayraytay, the spokesman of the Sierra Leonean government, stated that as of 1 October 2012 there was no new reported cases of cholera.
Sources.
Cholera is a water-borne disease, primarily spread by the consumption of water or food contaminated by the feces of an infected person. The outbreak was triggered by heavy rainfall and flooding in Sierra Leone and Guinea, combined with poor hygiene practices, unsafe water sources, and ineffective waste management. Crowded living conditions, poor sanitation and inadequate access to safe water are responsible for the higher rates of the outbreak in the Western Area including Freetown, the capital of Sierra Leone.
Only about 40% of people in Sierra Leone have access to a private or shared latrine, where approximately seven families typically share one toilet. According to "The Africa Review", nearly 60% of toilets are pit toilets that easily drain directly into sources of drinking water and more than 30% of people defecate in the open. The water and sanitation systems were damaged after the civil war in Sierra Leone, and have not been rebuilt properly, leaving approximately 43% of Sierra Leoneans without access to clean water. Poor health-care system in the country with the population of six million people also contributes to the outbreak. The UN figures indicate that there is only one doctor per 34,744 people.
Casualties.
The disease has killed 392 people and infected more than 25,000 others in Sierra Leone and Guinea since February 2012, when the epidemic was reported. On 4 September 2012, the death toll increased to 350. On 12 September, Dr. Amara Jambai, the Director of Disease Surveillance and Control in the Ministry of Health and Sanitation, reported that cholera infection in Sierra Leone dropped as a result of the activities of the government and other organizations.
For the period of January to mid-August 2012, more than 11,600 cholera cases were officially recorded by the Ministry of Health and Sanitation in Sierra Leone. By 30 August, reported cases increased to 13,934 according to the World Health Organization (WHO). The UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) reported that ten of Sierra Leone's thirteen districts were affected. The outbreak occurred primarily in eight districts until August 2012: Port Loko, Kambia, Tonkolili, Bo, Moyamba, Bombali, Pujehun and the Western Area. However, twelve districts became affected by the outbreak by September 2012.
Of these districts, the one most affected is the Western Area, which includes the capital, Freetown. This area witnessed 4,965 cases and 63 deaths from 1 January to mid-August 2012. The number of cases and deaths for Port Loko during the same period is 2,806 and 45, respectively. There were 1,134 reported cases and 28 deaths in the Kambala district. In Moyamba district nearly 20 people died from the cholera outbreak from 25 July to November 2012. At the beginning of August, the disease began to ravage the Kenema district. The Ministry of Health and Sanitation reported that the disease is spreading more rapidly in cities than in isolated areas with poor sanitation.
On 24 September, OCHA issued a report, indicating that in the period between late August and 16 September, new cholera cases per week decreased from 2,110 to 1,418 in Sierra Leone and from 1,152 to 346 in Guinea. According to the data of the UN Children's Fund (UNICEF) and the World Health Organization, nearly 841 new cases were reported in at the beginning of October 2012. It was 433 in the second week of October.
State of emergency.
On 17 August 2012, Sierra Leonean President Ernest Bai Koroma announced that the outbreak was a national public health crisis. At this time the cholera outbreak had a mortality rate of 1.8% in the country, nearly double the threshold for a state of emergency. By the end of August 2012, approximately 13,300 people were infected by cholera; humanitarian officials confirmed that 217 had already died by 23 August. 
The Sierra Leonean government and WHO predict that 32,000 people will be infected in September due to the rainy season.
International responses.
In late August 2012, Amanda McClelland, the Emergency Health Coordinator of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies, said that the outbreak "has the potential to cause a serious humanitarian crisis" and called for "more funds to deliver the most effective response".
The British government announced that it allocated £2 million for an emergency plan to counter the cholera outbreak in Sierra Leone. Additionally, the Rapid Response Facility (RRF) established in March 2012 and activated by the British government is expected to assist Sierra Leone in coping with the epidemic. The facility is a network consisting of private businesses and specialist aid organisations that provide rapid emergency medical, water and sanitation assistance to affected people in the country.
In addition, Doctors Without Borders, in cooperation with the Ministry of Health and Sanitation, runs three cholera treatment units in Freetown, where more than 500 patients have been treated. The organisation has treated approximately 4,600 patients in Sierra Leone and Guinea since February. The group has begun to establish other cholera treatment centres at 34 Military Hospital in the west of Freetown, expanding the total number of beds from 90 to 200. The group is also collaborating with the Ministry of Health and Sanitation to inform the public of how to avoid contracting the disease. Among the other groups helping victims are Action Firm (AF) and the Sierra Leone Red Cross Society. AF provided free medical care for victims while about 400 volunteers of the Sierra Leone Red Cross helped out on sanitation awareness campaigns. Oxfam, a charity group based in the United Kingdom, is another group that provides nearly 67,000 people in Freetown with emergency water chlorination. Oxfam also plans to assist up to 500,000 people with cholera prevention kits, water purification kits and public information campaigns on how to prevent the disease. The Isle of Man donated £25,000 to assist the activities in the country through Oxfam. The other British groups mobilised include Save the Children, International Rescue Committee, Concern, Care International and the British Red Cross. The Finnish Red Cross sent medication and doctors to the country on 24 and 25 August. World Vision is also working with the government to prevent the disease from spreading through various activities, including the collection of the garbage pills. An International Centre for Diarrhoeal Disease Research, Bangladesh team began its activities in coordination with the WHO in the country on 6 September 2012.
The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies launched an emergency appeal for $1.14 million in August, explaining that the number of cases of cholera was rising, along with the number of fatal cases. Tiina Saarikoski of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Society reported on 30 August that the Bombali, Tonkolili, Port Loko and Kambia districts have been targeted to effectively deal with the epidemic. The IFRC has funded health promotion activities and assistance to affected families, including the preparation of oral rehydration solutions and construction of suitable toilets, but the organisation has stated that the level of aid coverage remains "very low."
Oral cholera vaccines have the potential to shorten cholera outbreaks, and hence reduce the morbidity and mortality associated with outbreaks have not been deployed in Sierra Leone. The large international institutions IFRC as well WHO have shied away from large mass vaccination campaigns despite the fact that oral cholera vaccines have been successfully used earlier in 2012 by MSF in Guinea Bissau and by Partners in Health in Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="36881528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881528" title="Rowing at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's single sculls">
Rowing at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's single sculls

The men's single sculls competition at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London took place are at Dorney Lake which, for the purposes of the Games venue, is officially termed Eton Dorney.
Results.
Heats.
The winner of each heat qualify to the finals, remainder goes to the repechage.
Repechages.
First two of each heat qualify to the finals, remainder goes to the Final B.

</doc>
<doc id="36881536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881536" title="Software Package Data Exchange">
Software Package Data Exchange

SPDX (Software Package Data Exchange) is a file format used to document information on the software licenses under which a given piece of computer software is distributed. SPDX is authored by the SPDX Working Group, which represents more than twenty different organizations, under the auspices of the Linux Foundation.
SPDX attempts to standardize the way in which organizations publish their metadata on software licenses and components in bills of material.
SPDX describes the exact terms under which a piece of software is licensed. It does not attempt to categorize licenses by type, for instance by describing licenses with similar terms to the BSD License as "BSD-like".

</doc>
<doc id="36881567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881567" title="John Paish">
John Paish

John Paish (born 23 March 1948) is a former professional tennis player from England who competed for Great Britain. He is the son of tennis player and administrator Geoffrey Paish.
Paish played a Davis Cup tie for the Great British team in 1972, against France. He lost both his singles rubbers, to Pierre Barthes and Patrick Proisy, but won the doubles rubber, beside David Lloyd. It was also with Lloyd that he made the semi-finals of the 1973 Wimbledon Championships. He was runner-up to Jimmy Connors at the 1972 Queen's Club Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36881568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881568" title="Art Farmer Quintet featuring Gigi Gryce">
Art Farmer Quintet featuring Gigi Gryce

Art Farmer Quintet featuring Gigi Gryce (also released as Evening in Casablanca) is an album by trumpeter Art Farmer's Quintet featuring saxophonist Gigi Gryce. It was recorded in 1955 and released on the Prestige label. 
Reception.
In his review for Allmusic, Stephen Cook calls the album "a set that qualifies as one of Farmer's best. A must for every jazz collection". The Penguin Guide to Jazz is similarly positive, giving it a maximum four-star rating. It comments on the strengths of Gryce's compositions, mentioning "Evening in Casablanca" and "Satellite" for their "unusual structures" and "Nica's Tempo" for being "constructed more from key centres than from chords, might be his masterpiece".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Gigi Gryce except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36881581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881581" title="Iat">
Iat

Iat is an Egyptian minor goddess of milk and, by association, of nurturing and childbirth. The name of the goddess resembles "iatet" which is Egyptian word for "milk". The goddess is seldom mentioned in ancient Egyptian texts, and that's why very little is known about her. Some mentioning of Iat can be found in the Pyramid Texts like where a king is saying– "my foster-mother is Iat, and it is she who nourishes me, it is indeed she who bore me".

</doc>
<doc id="36881607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881607" title="Matunga Road, Mumbai">
Matunga Road, Mumbai

Matunga Road is a neighbourhood in Mumbai. The Matunga Road railway station is located in Matunga Road area, on the Mumbai suburban railway on the Western Railway (India) railway line.
History.
At 1.40pm on 29 October 1993 a "crude bomb with lots of nails" exploded under the seat of a second-class compartment in a train at Matunga Road station. 2 people died and 40 were injured.
Matunga Road was one of the stations affected by 11 July 2006 Mumbai train bombings. Just before 18.15, a bomb exploded in the first-class general compartment of the 17.57 Churchgate-Virar fast train as it approached Matunga Road station.
Kashi Vishveshwar Temple.
Matunga is a known haven for ancient temples. However, a lesser-known fact is that Matunga is also home to an ancient Lord Shiva temple – Kashi Vishveshwar, which is over two centuries old. Peacefully nestled in the busy lane of the City Light Market at Matunga, the Kashi Vishveshwar temple – better known as Kashi of Mumbai – stands out in sharp contrast against the busy market surroundings. Originally built in 1783 by Dadoba Jagannath Mantri for his community – Somavanshi Pathare Kshatriya, which is one of the oldest communities of Mumbai.
The exclusivity of this temple lies in the unique image of Shiva Panchayat where Shiva is shown bearded. A brass-covered Shiva-ling is positioned in the main premise of the temple. Besides Lord Shiva, various other God and Goddess are lined up on the pooja altar that faces the porch meant for devotees. Although the number of devotees is not very high here but festivals such as Mahashivratri and Shravan month draw devotees in thundered. Currently, the Dadoba Jagannath Religious Trust (DJRT) does the upkeep of the temple. “Our trust carries out the maintenance of the temple and it conducts several festivals besides the regular temple ceremonies,” shares Jayawant Desai, chairman of DJRT.

</doc>
<doc id="36881612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881612" title="China futures market">
China futures market

Futures markets in mainland China, initially deployed in 1990, have quickly established rapid growth as a result of transition to a market economy.
History.
In October 1990, China Zhengzhou Grain Wholesale Market was established in Zhengzhou, Henan Province. This is the first time that futures trading was introduced in China. Soon China’s futures market started to boom. 
After more than 20 years development, China’s commodities futures market has become one of the world’s largest. Up to the end of 2011, there are 29 exchange traded futures products in China, more than 10 commodities such as corn, wheat, copper, steel, etc. and the total trading volume exceeded 300 trillion.
Futures Exchanges in China.
There are four futures exchanges in China. Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange (ZCE, established in 1993), Dalian Commodity Exchange (DCE, established in February, 1993), Shanghai Futures Exchange (SHFE, established in 1999), and China Financial Futures Exchange (CFFEX, established in Shanghai in September, 2006).
Opening up of China's futures market.
Historically, Chinese government has imposed strict restrictions to keep the foreign capital out of its financial industry. In recent years, however, China introduced many financial opening policies and foreign capital has begun to infiltrate into domestic futures companies in China. ABN AMRO and Galaxy Futures Co. set up the first joint venture futures company in China. JPMorgan Chase set up a joint venture futures company with Zhongshan Futures Co. Ltd. Goldman Sachs also attempted to take shares in Qiankun Futures Co. Ltd. Due to policy restrictions, the maximum foreign share of joint venture futures companies in China is 49%. However, for the futures websites in China, which are not under supervision of China Securities Regulatory Commission(CSRC), there is no restrictions regarding the percentage of shares foreign capital can hold.
"The Futures Websites Alliance" is composed of more than ten professional Futures websites, including China Futures-Money Management, China Oil Futures, Gold and Silver Futures, China Steel Futures, and Stock Index Futures, etc. These websites cover almost all exchanged traded futures products in China, and occupy a monopoly position in the internet field.

</doc>
<doc id="36881617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881617" title="List of The Quarters episodes">
List of The Quarters episodes

Below is an episodic synopsis of "The Quarters", which consists of 30 episodes and broadcast on MediaCorp Channel 8.

</doc>
<doc id="36881624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881624" title="Florent Chaigneau">
Florent Chaigneau

Florent Chaigneau (born 21 March 1984) is a French footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for FC Lorient in Ligue 1.

</doc>
<doc id="36881646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881646" title="Sport in Slovakia">
Sport in Slovakia

Sport in Slovakia is influenced by its climate and geography; popular summer sports include soccer, tennis, volleyball, swimming, cycling and hiking, popular winter sports include skiing and snowboarding. The most watched sports in Slovakia are soccer, ice hockey and tennis. The country features a typical post-Eastern Bloc system, where sport is being financed primarily from the state budget. In 2012, the state will pay 30,402,634 euro to over 7,500 different sporting clubs.
Internationally, the most successful sport in Slovakia is ice hockey where currently, as of 2012, the country is ranked as the eighth best team in the world by the IIHF World Ranking.
History.
Until revolution in 1989, the sport sector was highly centralized, oriented on a unified, nation-wide programme of sports. In 1990 the Act No.173/1990 was adopted by the Federal Assembly of Czech and Slovak Federative Republic, which replaced the Act No. 68/1956 on Organisation Physical Education. Also in 1990, the National Council of the Slovak Republic approved the Act on Physical Culture No. 198/1990.
In 1997 the new Slovak National Council Act No. 288/1997 on Physical Culture was approved, which also included articles on educational and commercial activities in sport. By passing the Act on State Funding of Physical Culture No. 264/1993 the Slovak National Council approved financing of sport through lottery funds in 1993.
Description.
In 2011, there were over 13,000 sporting clubs and 661,346 registered sportsmen in the country. The most successful sporting club is "Vojenské športové centrum DUKLA Banská Bystrica" with 31 different medals in the year 2011.
Team sports.
Football.
"For more information see Slovakia national football team."
Association football is the most popular sport in Slovakia, with over 400 thousand registered players. Since 1993, Slovak national football team has qualified only once to the FIFA World Cup or UEFA European Championship, in 2010, in which they proceeded into Play-offs, where they were defeated by Netherlands. The most notable result was the 3–2 victory over Italy.
In club competitions, only three teams have qualified to UEFA Champions League Group Stage, namely MFK Košice in 1997–98, FC Artmedia Bratislava in 2005–06 season and MŠK Žilina n 2010–11. FC Artmedia Bratislava has been the most successful team after finishing 3rd in Group Stage and therefore qualifying to Round of 32 of UEFA Cup. They also remain as the only Slovak club that has won a match in Group stage.
During Czechoslovak era the most notable result of a Slovak club was Slovan Bratislava's victory in 1968–69 European Cup Winners' Cup against FC Barcelona.
The most famous Slovak players are: Marek Hamšík, Martin Škrtel, Marek Mintál, Peter Dubovský and Jozef Adamec.
Ice hockey.
"For more information, see History of ice hockey in Slovakia" or Slovakia men's national ice hockey team.
After the dissolution of Czechoslovakia, Slovak national ice hockey team started competing in Group C (lowest tier) of IIHF World Championships. After winning Group C in 1994 and Group B in 1995 Slovakia was promoted to Group A for 1996 World Championship. Since then, Slovak hockey team has won one gold medal in 2002, two silver medals (in 2000 and 2012) and one bronze medal in 2003.
Slovakia has had many players in the NHL. From the Czechoslovak era, the most famous are Stan Mikita and Peter Šťastný. Since the Velvet revolution there have been much more Slovak players in the NHL, such as Peter Bondra, Marián Hossa, Pavol Demitra or Zdeno Chára. Up to now, there have been 8 Slovak players that have won the Stanley Cup:
In addition to the players in NHL, many Slovaks play in various leagues all over Europe, most of them in international KHL. As of 2012–13 season, there are 50 Slovak players playing in KHL, which is due to a Slovak team HC Slovan Bratislava competing in this league.
There are also three national hockey leagues in Slovakia, with Tipsport Extraliga being the top tier of the system. Most league titles (8) were won by HC Slovan Bratislava.
Slovakia also organized the 2011 IIHF World Championship, which was won by Finland. The venues were Bratislava and Košice and all matches attracted 406,804 visitors.
Ice hockey is probably the most popular sport in Slovakia. After finishing 2nd in 2012 IIHF World Championship a cheering crowd of tens of thousands people greeted the national team players on SNP Square in Bratislava, which exemplifies the popularity of this sport in the country.
Individual sports.
Whitewater slalom.
Whitewater slalom is the most successful olympic sport in Slovakia with 10 gold, 2 silver and 4 bronze medals since 1993. Furthermore, Slovakia has won 43 medals (19—11—13) at World Championships, 69 medals (33—20—16) at European championships and 28 World Cups since 1993. The most famous athletes are Michal Martikán, Pavol Hochschorner/Peter Hochschorner, Ladislav Škantár/Peter Škantár, Elena Kaliská and Jana Dukátová.
Cycling.
The best known Slovak cyclists currently competing are Peter Sagan and twin brothers Martin and Peter Velits. Sagan won three stages of the 2011 Vuelta a España, and at the 2012 Tour de France he won three more stages and the points classification. He repeated his victory in the points classification in the 2013 Tour and won another stage. Peter Velits was classified second at the 2010 Vuelta a España after initial runner-up Ezequiel Mosquera was disqualified for a positive test for Hydroxyethyl starch. He and his HTC Columbia team also won the race's initial team time trial stage, and he won the race's individual time trial on stage 17.
Skiing.
Veronika Velez-Zuzulová has been a top-ranked slalom skier since her emergence in the mid-2000s. She has twice finished third in the Alpine Skiing World Cup slalom standings: in 2008 and in 2013, a season in which she also scored two World Cup wins.
Anastasiya Kuzmina has enjoyed success in biathlon. At the 2010 Winter Olympics she won a gold in the sprint and a silver in the pursuit. She also won a silver medal in the mass start race at the 2009 World Championships and a bronze in the sprint at the 2011 Worlds. Martina Halinárová won a silver medal in the pursuit at the 1999 World Championships.
Slovak sports in world rankings.
The table shows the most recent rankings of Slovak national teams in the most popular sports.

</doc>
<doc id="36881649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881649" title="Atong">
Atong

Atong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36881650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881650" title="2012 UFL Cup">
2012 UFL Cup

The 2012 United Football League Cup is the fourth edition of the United Football League Cup that ran from September 15 to December 17, 2012. This edition consisted of 28 teams which separated into four groups of five.
Starting this edition, there were 2 stages in the competition. The first stage competed between UFL Division 2 teams and guest teams, while the second stage included UFL Division 1 teams. The top 10 teams of the Cup moved to the knockout stage of the 2013 PFF National Men's Club Championship.
Philippine Air Force were the defending champions.
On December 17, 2012, Stallion defeated Global with a 2–1 scoreline to win their first ever UFL Cup.
Stage 1.
This edition saw entry of nine clubs: Mondoñedo Internacionale FC, International FC Philippines, General Trias International FC, Sta. Lucia Mustangs FC, Primero Atletico Cavite FC, Blue Guards FC, Bright Star FC, Mendiola FC 1991 and FC Masbate. These clubs must beat UFL 2nd Division clubs twice to advance to Stage 2. Once a Division Two team beats a guest club the latter will be out of the competition.
"All times are Philippine Standard Time (PST) – ."
Teams advancing from Stage One will join UFL’s Division One teams in the Group Stage draw. The draw was held on September 28, 2012.
Stage 2.
"All times are Philippine Standard Time (PST) – ."
Ranking of group third placed teams.
The two best third place teams among all groups qualify for 2013 PFF National Men's Club Championship. They are determined by the parameters in this order:
Knockout stage.
Semi-finals.
The Third-place playoff and Finals matches were originally scheduled on November 19 at the Rizal Memorial Stadium, but were postponed on a later date, since some players playing for the clubs are on national duty as members of the Philippine national team competing in the 2012 AFF Suzuki Cup. The actual date depended on how the national team fared in the international tournament. As the national team only reached the semi-finals, the matches were scheduled on December 17.
Top goalscorers.
Top Goal Scorers starting Stage 2 of the 2012 United Football Cup
Correct as of 11:00, December 18, 2012
<br>Source: 2012 UFL Cup Goals
Awards.
The following were the competition’s top individual awardees.

</doc>
<doc id="36881654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881654" title="Grimshaw Silk Mill">
Grimshaw Silk Mill

Grimshaw Silk Mill, also known as Freeman Shoes, is a historic factory building located in Reading, Berks County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1887, and rebuilt in 1889 after a tornado destroyed the original building. It is a three-story, rectangular brick building measuring 50 feet by 250 feet. A stair tower is topped by a pyramidal roof. It sits on a rubble stone basement and features pilasters, brownstone keystones, and a pressed metal cornice.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="36881658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881658" title="Carole Gray">
Carole Gray

Carole Gray (born 1940 in Bulawayo, Rhodesia (today's Zimbabwe)) is a former dancer and actress who was active in Britain in the 1960s. She made her film debut as Cliff Richard's girlfriend Toni in "The Young Ones". Thereafter she appeared mainly in horror films, such as "Island of Terror" and "Curse of the Fly", and was given the nickname the "Scream Queen". 

</doc>
<doc id="36881660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881660" title="Sami Khan (actor)">
Sami Khan (actor)

Mansoor Aslam Khan Niazi, better known as Sami Khan, is a Pakistani actor and model. He is a graduate of UET Lahore, and began his career with the film Salakhain; he has acted in a number of plays . He is known for his role in A Plus serial Love, Life aur Lahore and ARY Digital serial Meri Ladli.
Khan made his Lollywood debut with 2013 Syed Noor's "Devar Bhabhi" for which he won Tarang Housefull Awards for "Best Actor in a Leading Role".

</doc>
<doc id="36881673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881673" title="Iolaus paneperata">
Iolaus paneperata

Iolaus paneperata, the Parallel Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop), Cameroon, the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kinshasa and possibly Kwango).
The larvae feed on the flowers of "Loranthus incanus" and "Phragmanthera capitata". They are green and resemble the flowers on which they feed.

</doc>
<doc id="36881678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881678" title="List of Saint Seiya Omega episodes">
List of Saint Seiya Omega episodes

"Saint Seiya Omega" is an anime series produced by Toei Animation and a spin-off adapted from Masami Kurumada's manga series "Saint Seiya", produced in commemoration of the 25th anniversary of the franchise. The series follows the adventures of Koga, a young man who becomes one of the goddess Athena's 88 soldiers known as Saints to protect the world from chaos.
Directed by Morio Hatano and written by Reiko Yoshida, the series started airing in TV Asahi on April 1, 2012. Beginning with the second season, which premiered in Japan on April 7, 2013, Hatano was replaced by Tatsuya Nagamine and Kohei Kureta and Yoshida by Yoshimi Narita. Bandai Visual is collecting the series in both DVD and Blu-Ray format with each volume containing four episodes. The first DVD compilation of "Saint Seiya Omega" was released on August 24, 2012. Toshihiko Sahashi is the composer of the anime.
The series is organized according to seasons and chapters, with each season thus far containing two chapters and each chapter having its own opening theme song. The first chapter of the series is the , stemming from episodes 1-27, and its opening theme song, titled , is performed by MAKE-UP featuring Shoko Nakagawa. The second chapter is the , from episodes 28-51, and features the opening song , performed by . The second season begins the , running from episodes 52-77, and with it a new opening theme titled and performed by . The second half of season 2 comprises the , from episodes 78-97, and contains the opening song , performed by the band Cyntia.

</doc>
<doc id="36881684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881684" title="Drayton Island Ferry">
Drayton Island Ferry

The Drayton Island Ferry is an auto ferry that crosses the St. Johns River in Putnam County, Florida, connecting Georgetown on the eastern bank with Drayton Island, located in the middle of the river at the north end of Lake George. It provides the only public access to the island.
History.
The Drayton Island Ferry provides the only access for vehicles to Drayton Island. Residents of the island petitioned for the establishment of a ferry service in 1939; operations began in 1943. The original ferry barge sank at its moorings on January 12, 1956; although it was salvaged and returned to service, a replacement, measuring by , was acquired from J.H. Coppedge and Co. in Jacksonville for $6,793. A safety inspection of the ferry was carried out in 1963 after reports were received that 40 people had been carried on some trips; the ferry's passenger limit was set at six.
In 1968 the ferry received a $1800 subsidy from Putnam County for its operations; overall the ferry had cost $4129 to the county to operate over the previous year, while in 1965 it had produced $2,267 in toll revenue. Repairs to the ferry landing were proposed in the early 1980s, with a proposal for the establishment of a special taxing district to provide funding, but were rejected as unneeded; questions were raised about the financial management of the operation at the time.
Operations.
The ferry is currently operated by Putnam County, Florida; capable of transporting two vehicles per trip, there is a $9 toll for passage to the privately owned island. The ferry, which consists of a tugboat and barge combination, is located near daymarker No. 70 on the river. It nominally runs three times daily; however, the schedule is considered flexible.

</doc>
<doc id="36881697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881697" title="Large (film)">
Large (film)

"Large" is a 2001 feature film directed by Justin Edgar for FilmFour.
Plot.
"Large" is a gross-out teen comedy which centres on Jason, the son of a fading rock star, and his comic attempts to fulfill the conditions of his father's will in order to inherit a fortune.
Cast.
Luke de Woolfson as Jason MouseleySimon Lowe as RobPhil Cornwell as Barry Blaze MouseleyMelanie Gutteridge as SophieMorwenna Banks as LorraineLee Oakes as IanAndrew Grainger as Norman Gates
Production.
Large was produced by Alex Usburne.The pre-production period was relatively long, with writers Mike Dent and Justin Edgar draughting 20 versions of the script. "Large" was filmed and edited at Pebble Mill Studios and on location in Birmingham, UK, for six weeks in March and April 2000 on a budget of £1.4 million.
Release.
"Large" premiered at the Cannes Film Festival market in May 2001 and was sold for distribution in Spain, France, Germany, Australia and other major territories. It was released on 5 October 2001 (UK) by Pathé.
Reception.
The film attracted generally positive reviews with Sight and Sound praising the film's humour and Edgar's magpie sensibilities and energy.
"Large" was considered a flop on its cinema release but had a highly successful home entertainment release, selling over 30,000 DVDs for distributor Pathé and entering the UK video charts at number 10.

</doc>
<doc id="36881702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881702" title="Hendel Brothers, Sons and Company Hat Factory">
Hendel Brothers, Sons and Company Hat Factory

Hendel Brothers, Sons and Company Hat Factory, also known as "The Hat Factory," is a historic factory building located in Reading, Berks County, Pennsylvania. The original section was built about 1850, as a woolen mill. It is a three-story, brick building with the central section measuring 62 feet by 130 feet. It has a three-story south wing, two-story north wing, and small two-story west wing. It is of heavy timber frame construction, and features large arched double hung windows. A hat factory operated in the building until about 1930, after which it was used as a warehouse and trucking terminal.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="36881720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881720" title="Eugène Wilhelm">
Eugène Wilhelm

Eugène Wilhelm in French, or in German Eugen Wilhelm (Strasbourg, 1866–1951) was a French lawyer and sexologist.
Early life.
Wilhelm was born in Strasbourg in a protestant family. Between 1885-1890 he studied law in Strasbourg. In 1890 he took his doctoral degree (Dr.iur). After his studies, he worked as a judge in Strasbourg. He resigned 1908 to avoid a homosexuality scandal. After World War I he worked as a lawyer in Strasbourg until 1948.
Sexuality Rights activism.
Wilhelm published more than 100 articles in various French and German journals under his own name, but mainly under his pseudonym ('Numa Praetorius').
Main Publications.
As Eugène Wilhelm or Eugen Wilhelm.
Books
Articles
Articles
As Numa Praetorius.
Book
Articles
Articles

</doc>
<doc id="36881753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881753" title="Reading Hardware Company Butt Works">
Reading Hardware Company Butt Works

Reading Hardware Company Butt Works, also known as "The Hardware," is a historic factory building located in Reading, Berks County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1875, and consists of two wings connected by a boiler house. They are configured to enclose a courtyard, closed by a brick wall. The wings are three- and four-stories, and constructed of brick bearing walls with heavy timber framing. The boiler house has two square, free-standing chimneys and topped by a central lantern monitor.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It is included in the Reading Hardware Company national historic district.

</doc>
<doc id="36881763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881763" title="John Clifton (tennis)">
John Clifton (tennis)

John Clifton (born 19 February 1946) is a Scottish former professional tennis player. He was born in England, but grew up in Scotland.
With partner John Paish, Clifton was a doubles runner-up at Newport in 1971.
He made the second round of the singles at the 1971 Wimbledon Championships and the third round of the men's doubles at the 1973 Wimbledon Championships (with Stanley Matthews).
Clifton played a tie for the Great Britain Davis Cup team in 1970, against Austria. He took part in singles rubbers against Peter Pokorny and Hans Kary, but was unable to win either.

</doc>
<doc id="36881770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881770" title="@lantic">
@lantic

@lantic, a subsidiary of Vox Telecom Limited since 2005, is a South African-originated telecommunications operator, providing voice and data services to the South African consumer and SME markets. @lantic has been trading locally since 1996 and has since grown into one of the largest independent service providers in South Africa with a customer base of over 120 000 subscribers. 
@lantic is a franchise driven business with a national footprint of over 90 franchises and more than 500 second tier resellers throughout the 9 provinces of South Africa.
History.
@lantic was founded in January 1996 by Neels Fourie.
Social investment.
In partnership with local South African communities, @lantic hosts a sevens rugby series for schools. It is aimed at the development of the youth through sport and with this sport receiving Olympic status from 2016, it acts as a formal pathway for schoolboys to progress to the South African national sevens rugby team. The series offers the opportunity for small rural schools to compete against large urban schools, which is not possible in other competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="36881778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881778" title="Iolaus lukabas">
Iolaus lukabas

Iolaus lukabas, Druce’s Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Gambia, Sierra Leone, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop) and Cameroon. The habitat consists of gallery forests and dry forest.
The larvae feed on the flowers of "Loranthus incanus" and "Phragmanthera capitata". They are green and resemble the flowers on which they feed.

</doc>
<doc id="36881793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881793" title="Reading Knitting Mills">
Reading Knitting Mills

Reading Knitting Mills is a historic factory building located in Reading, Berks County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1891, and expanded in 1898, and about 1920. It is a four-story, 15 bay by 4 bay, brick building with Italianate style influences. It has a corbelled brick cornice and slate covered gable roof. It has a brick boiler house annex and one-story addition built in 1898. The fourth floor was added to the original three-story building about 1920.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="36881797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881797" title="Simon Turner (album)">
Simon Turner (album)

"Simon Turner" is the debut album of the singer and later film soundtrack composer Simon Fisher Turner. It was released in 1973 when Turner was being widely promoted in the UK pop press as a homegrown alternative to David Cassidy. The album featured a combination of covers, including David Bowie's "The Prettiest Star", and original songs mainly written by the producer Jonathan King.
Tracklisting.
"Side One"
"Side Two"

</doc>
<doc id="36881810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36881810" title="Hornsleasow Quarry">
Hornsleasow Quarry

Hornsleasow Quarry () is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1974. The site is listed in the 'Cotswold District' Local Plan 2001-2011 (on line) as a Regionally Important Geological Site (RIGS).
Location and geology.
The quarry (Snowshill Hill) lies in the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and exposes a relatively thick sequence of Bathonian (Middle Jurassic) oolitic limestones, and thin clays of significant importance in correlating similar sequences in north Gloucestershire. The rocks, which belong to the Clypeus Grit, Chipping Norton Formation, Sharps Hill Formation and the Taynton Limetone Formation, are considered to have been laid down c. 170 million years ago. This would have been in a warm, shallow sea which covered much of the Gloucestershire and Oxfordshire areas. The conditions then would have been similar to those in the present day Bahama Banks in the Caribbean.
Evidence for the dating is provided by the sedimentary structures and the type of fossils found within the rocks which are well preserved. Hornsleasow Quarry is important, therefore, for the reconstruction of an ancient sea.

</doc>
